Former NT police chief John McRoberts charged over investigation into corrupt travel agent
Updated
Former NT police commissioner John McRoberts has been charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice in relation to a fraud investigation of a now-jailed travel agent.
In January 2015, McRoberts was asked to resign from their position as police chief over a perceived conflict of interest.
Darwin travel agent Xana Kamitsis was jailed in December 2015 for defrauding a government pensioner travel concession scheme of around $124,000.
During Kamitsis' trial, the court heard they had had an intimate relationship with McRoberts and another senior police officer.
McRoberts is due to face Darwin Magistrates court on Tuesday.
In the wake of McRoberts' resignation, three investigations were launched, by the Northern Territory ombudsman, the NT whistle blower commissioner and a separate probe by the Australia Federal Police (AFP).
In December 2015, the AFP finished its investigation, referring the matter to the NT Director of Public Prosecutions.
In June 2015, the NT ombudsman recommended a review be held into police integrity policies, including those relating to conflicts of interest, and gifts and benefits - as well as laws governing complaints against police.
The whistle blower report has yet to be made public.
McRoberts, a former assistant commissioner with the Western Australia Police, was recruited to head the NT force.
Announcing the appointment in 2009, former Labor chief minister Paul Henderson said McRoberts was "the stand out candidate among an outstanding field of applicants" for the position.
"John McRoberts has had an outstanding career in the Western Australia Police and will bring skills and experience that will be of great benefit to the Territory," Mr Henderson said at the time.
McRoberts was succeeded by Reece Kershaw, who was announced as NT Police Commissioner in April 2015.
Topics: courts-and-trials, darwin-0800
First posted
London, Jan 6: British Prime Minister Theresa May will visit Donald Trump this spring, following their inauguration as US president, Downing Street has announced. May's joint chiefs of staff Nick Timothy and Fiona Hill travelled to the US last month to meet Trump's team.
“This was part of a process leading towards the PM's first visit with President-elect Trump,” a Downing Street spokesperson told AFP yesterday. “During the second phone call with President-elect Trump, the prime minister suggested it would be a good idea for key staff from both teams to meet.
President-elect Trump agreed this would be useful.” May had previously spoken to Trump following their election in November, during which they invited them to visit “as soon as possible”. The prime minister's office said the visit was secured following their aides' meeting Trump's team.
“We are pleased to have been able to make that happen and the prime minister looks forward to visiting the new president in the spring,” the spokesperson said. The British government would not confirm a date for the visit, which Sky News reported as scheduled for February. Trump is due to be sworn in as US president on January 20.
Israel says warning were given before any civilian area was targeted Israel says its calculation of the death toll from its assault on Gaza shows a much lower ratio of civilian deaths than other published figures. Military researchers say 1,166 Palestinians were killed of whom 709 are described as "terror operatives" from the militant group Hamas. The military adds it took "extensive measures" not to harm civilians. New Palestinian research says the toll was 1,434, including 960 civilians, 235 fighters and 239 uniformed police. Israel has been widely criticised for its operations in Gaza between 27 December and 18 January, especially over the high level of civilian casualties and the use of some weaponry in civilian areas. In two reports published this week, UN human rights investigators said there was evidence of Israeli war crimes during the offensive, although Israel dismissed this. Official Palestinian figures have put the final death toll at 1,475, including 943 civilians, including Palestinians who have died from their wounds in hospital. 'Unmatched achievement' A statement by the Israeli military said it wanted to publish "accurate" figures to counter reports that "introduced false information originating from various Palestinian sources" about the number of war dead in the Gaza campaign. DIFFERENT DEATH TOLLS Palestinians killed during Israeli military offensive in Gaza, 27 Dec to 18 Jan Total dead: 1,166 (1,434) Fighters: 710-870 (235) Non-combatants: 295-460 (960) Women: 49 (121) Children under 16: 89 (288) Sources: Israeli Defence Intelligence Research Dept (and Palestinian Centre for Human Rights) It said figures were gathered by examining various intelligence sources and cross-referencing the names and numbers reported killed as a result of its operations. In addition to the "confirmed" militants, the army says there are 162 men who have not been identified as civilians but "not yet attributed to any organisation". It puts the confirmed death toll of "uninvolved Palestinians" at 295, of whom 89 were children under 16 and 49 were women. In quotes published a day before the circulation of the official Israeli figures, Israel's Southern Command chief Maj Gen Yoav Galant hailed the civilians-to-combatants ratio as an "achievement unmatched in the history of this kind of combat". Thirteen Israelis, including three civilians, were also killed during the offensive; four soldiers died from so-called "friendly fire". Judicial redress Earlier, a statement by the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights listed 1,434 Palestinian dead in the 22-day offensive, and blamed Israel for excessive and indiscriminate destruction and violation of the laws of war. Palestinians accuse Israel of excessive and indiscriminate use of force It said its calculation of 960 non-combatant fatalities included 288 children, 121 women, and 235 civilian police officers killed in air strikes on the first day of the attacks. "The excessively disproportionate civilian death toll and Israel's conduct of hostilities... demand effective judicial redress," the group said in its statement. It lists indiscriminate attacks, wilful killing, extensive destruction of property and the use of weapons such as white phosphorous in civilian areas as the main concerns. The Israeli military says it is investigating specific claims of abuses and argues that it did its utmost to protect civilians during a conflict in which militants operated from populated civilian areas. It accuses Hamas of using civilians as human shields and says it took "extensive measures in order to prevent harming uninvolved civilians". In Thursday's statement, the military says its precautions included "dropping leaflets, broadcasting warnings in local Palestinian media, and placing numerous phone calls to homes" before they were targeted by bombing. Last week several Israeli soldiers were quoted anonymously in the media saying troops had killed unarmed Palestinians, including women and children, by hastily opening fire under relaxed rules of engagement in Gaza.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It's been a long time since we last saw an update to Google Fit, but after some subtle hints during the Android Wear presentations during Google I/O, it was fairly obvious something big was in the works. An update to v1.57 just started rolling out and it may just be the start of a whole new Fit. There are huge changes to the look and at least a few changes to features.
What's New
Official Changelog: More goal options and support for multiple goals. Set daily, weekly and monthly goals and goals for specific activities like "run three times a week".
A new look that shows all of your daily stats at once.
See how your weight is trending after logging a new measurement.
See how your activity compares against other Fit users in your area.
Bug fixes Unofficial Changelog: (the stuff we found) Huge visual overhaul
Timeline View
Extensible goals
Configurable widget
New watchface and look on Android Wear
Visual Overhaul
Right out of the gate, this update brings huge changes to the look of Google Fit. Everything looks more colorful, images fill the first screen, and there is more data and new charts filling the screen. Basically, everything looks different – but in a way, most of it is still familiar. Almost everything is still where it was before, so this update shouldn't require much adjustment. For comparison, this is what the old and new landing screens look like.
Left: previous version. Right: new version.
My favorite part about this update is the redesign of the daily stats. They used to be hidden in the circular graph, so you had to tap or swipe to see each one. Now they are clearly shown across the top of the screen.
Timeline View
Most things in the interface remained in roughly the same place with the notable exception of your daily activities going back through history. Those have been pushed to a new "Timeline" screen. You can find it in the navigation drawer. A couple of very minor visual tweaks were made to these, but they basically look and act like they have for the last few versions.
Configurable goals
Google Fit has always allowed users to set goals, but they were limited to just a couple of metrics and could only be tracked on a daily basis. Forget those days because goals can now be configured for different fitness metrics and activities, and they can be spread across multiple times per day, per week, and per month. Goals can be added from the floating action button (FAB).
When multiple goals are added, they appear on the landing page where they can be easily watched, and possibly serve as a nagging reminder if you fall behind.
New widget
Google Fit also has some more options for its widgets. The old widget (resized to 1x1 in the shot above) shows just your daily activity, but the new widget can show a graph for any of your current list of goals.
Android Wear
Much like the main app, there are quite a few visual changes on the Wear side of things, as well. To begin with, there's a brand new watchface named Google Fit Today. It's the first watchface from Fit that doesn't include the brightly colored circle-graph, instead taking the route of a traditional watchface with four complications representing each of the basic fitness metrics. It supports a configurable background color, but that's it for options.
Things also look different on the Fit app. There's a black background instead of bright white, and the layout has adopted a look with more information density. Starting an activity can be done with a floating button at the bottom of the screen, which opens the same list of options that Wear has had for some time, but they won't blind you with the white backgrounds.
We're still poking around for more changes, so there may be details added to this post shortly. There's also no official changelog from Google yet, so there may be a lot more to share.
Download
The APK is signed by Google and upgrades your existing app. The cryptographic signature guarantees that the file is safe to install and was not tampered with in any way. Rather than wait for Google to push this download to your devices, which can take days, download and install it just like any other APK.
Version: 1.57
GDP maintains three years of growth
Scotland's economy grew marginally in the third quarter, according to figures published today.
Total output rose 0.1% for the period July to September 2015, or 1.7% on an annual basis compared to the same quarter last year. The corresponding UK figures are 0.4% and 2.1% respectively.
The Scottish economy has now grown for three years with output now 3.1% above its pre-recession peak.
Backed by public sector investment, construction expanded by 17.3% over the year, with quarterly growth of 0.9%
The services sector rose by 0.7% over the year – with quarterly growth of 0.3%.
While production output was flat over the year and down over the quarter (-1%), reflecting the difficult conditions for manufacturing and production in general, there was growth in Food and Drink sub-sector of 2.7% over the quarter.
Deputy First Minister John Swinney said: “Today's figures show further growth in the Scottish economy during a period of significant challenge for our key export markets and in particular for the energy sector in Scotland given the impact of lower commodity prices.
“It is encouraging that growth has remained positive given these strong economic headwinds and, in particular, that the service sector which accounts for around three quarters of the output of the economy has continued to grow by 0.3 per cent over the quarter. This, in part, has been driven by strong growth in the accommodation and food, and retail and wholesale subsectors.
“Expansion in the construction sector continues to show the benefits of the Scottish Government's decision to invest in Scotland's infrastructure, with key projects such as the Queensferry Crossing helping to underpin growth.
“The statistics, however, show that the Scottish economy, like that of the UK, is continuing to feel the effect of significant challenges such as a slowdown in global demand – a situation exacerbated by the continuing low price of oil and the effect this is having on the industry and its supply chain.
“We created the Energy Jobs Taskforce a year ago this month and our efforts remain focused on retaining the jobs, skills and talent which are the bedrock of Scotland's internationally renowned sector. The taskforce and the Scottish Government will continue to do all that we can to help the North Sea industry and to improve collaboration, cooperation and innovation across the sector. We recognise that this remains a difficult time for that sector and those who work in it and we will provide all possible support.
“We have now seen three years of continuous expansion in the Scottish economy, demonstrating strong resilience as we continue to recover from the recession and the impact of external challenges. We must, however, remain vigilant and the Scottish Government will continue to do all that it can to secure further economic growth and promote Scotland as a world-class place to do business.”
Hugh Aitken (right), CBI Scotland Director, said: “These figures show that Scotland's economic growth tailed off sharply during 2015. Manufacturing acted as a drag in Q3, while the service sector was more resilient. But even here the picture is nuanced, with consumer-facing sectors doing better than other services firms.
“Looking ahead, while lower energy costs and inflation will boost households' purchasing power, Scotland remains vulnerable to renewed falls in global oil prices, as many key players in the industry's supply chain are located here. With prices set to stay low and the North Sea basin ageing, it's more important than ever that there is a stable regulatory and fiscal framework to support the industry.”
Aaron Ramsey: Confident of Arsenal's prospects for next season
Aaron Ramsey says Arsenal are ready to build on FA Cup glory by challenging Chelsea for the Premier League title next season.
Ramsey claims the current squad is strong enough to mount a serious challenge even if Arsene Wenger does not invest in summer reinforcements.
The Welsh midfielder says they do not expect that to happen - "every club brings in new faces and a few leaves" - and Chelsea goalkeeper Petr Cech and Southampton midfielder Morgan Schneiderlin are among those who have been linked with then north London side.
"Even with this group of players now I believe if everyone was fit in the season we would have a great opportunity of competing for the Premier League," Ramsey said.
"This team has come on a lot over the last few years and if we can get off to a good start next season we will challenge.
"The club is in a good place where they can afford not to let players go, we're building on this team rather than seeing players leaving.
"It is a nice feeling and means that the group can stick together. The understanding is there already, so it can only get stronger."
Arsenal has the benefit of avoiding a Champions League qualification match in August and Ramsey believes going straight into the group stages of the competition will help Arsene Wenger's side hit the ground running.
Even with this group of players now I believe if everyone was fit in the season we would have a great opportunity of competing for the Premier League. Aaron Ramsey
"At the beginning of the season you're still getting your fitness levels up and those first few games are quite tough," said Ramsey, mindful that Arsenal has had tiring trips to Turkey at the start of the last two campaigns.
"If you sandwich a few Champions League fixtures in between them, that's maybe too much for certain players at that time of the season.
"So it's important to go through to the group stages without having that knock-out game to qualify.
"The good thing for us is not to have those games and hopefully that gets off to a very strong start."
KIEV/DONETSK Ukraine (Reuters) - Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko called an emergency meeting of their security chiefs for Tuesday to discuss new ways of dealing with the separatist challenge in the east after rebel elections that were denounced by Kiev and the West.
The rogue votes, which Kiev says Russia encouraged, could create a new “frozen conflict” in post-Soviet Europe and further threaten the territorial unity of Ukraine, which lost control of its Crimean peninsula in March when it was annexed by Russia.
Organizers of the twin ballots said insurgent leaders had emerged victorious in both Donetsk and Luhansk — two Russian speaking areas of eastern Ukraine — throwing down the gauntlet to Poroshenko, who vehemently opposed the election.
In a statement, the Ukrainian president denounced the vote as an “electoral farce”, repeating that it violated a bedrock deal struck in the Belarusian capital Minsk on Sept. 5 intended to pave the way for a settlement of the separatist problem.
Their sentiments were echoed by the White House, which condemned what it called “illegitimate, so-called ‘elections'” and warned economic penalties on Russia “will rise” if Moscow continues to violate the Minsk deal.
“We are concerned by a Russian Foreign Ministry statement today that seeks to legitimize these sham ‘elections,'” Bernadette Meehan, spokesperson for the White House National Security Council, said in a statement on Monday.
Calling for “adjustments” to be made in the way they handled the east, Poroshenko said they intended to scrap a law that would have offered “special status” to areas in the east including those controlled by the rebels.
This would be among points to be discussed on Tuesday in a meeting of Ukraine's security and defense council, they said.
The “special status” law envisaged allowing the Donetsk and Luhansk regions to run their own affairs and also offered separatist fighters freedom from prosecution.
Kiev says the Minsk agreement provided only for election of local officials under Ukrainian law, and not for separatist ballots aimed at bringing in leaders of breakaway entities who seek close association or even union with Russia.
Instead, Alexander Zakharchenko, a 38-year-old former mining electrician, easily won election as head of the “Donetsk People's Republic”, an entity proclaimed by armed rebels last April. In a similar vote in Luhansk, a smaller self-proclaimed pro-Russian entity further east, Igor Plotnisky won more than 63 percent of the vote, a rebel representative said.
Kiev and the West will now be looking to see if Russian President Vladimir Putin will formally recognize the validity of the election, despite their entreaties to them not to do so.
A Russian deputy foreign minister, Grigory Karasin, made no mention of formal recognition but said the newly elected leadership in eastern Ukraine now had a mandate to negotiate with Kiev.
Up to now, Kiev's leaders have refused to hold direct talks with the separatists, whom they refer to as “terrorists” and “bandits”.
But the options have clearly narrowed for Poroshenko too.
Poroshenko committed to a ceasefire from Sept. 5 to give chances of a settlement, involving Russia and the separatist leaders, to be worked out.
They have ruled out trying to take back the region by force after big battlefield losses in August. But after a parliamentary election on Oct. 26, they are now supported by a pro-Western power structure, determined to stop the break-up of Ukraine, and they may come under pressure to take a firmer line.
One big question is what the next diplomatic step will be to resolve the crisis with the apparent collapse of the Minsk agreement which brought together the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), Russia and Ukraine.
Members of a local electoral commission carry a ballot box at a polling station after voting day in Donetsk, November 2, 2014. REUTERS/Maxim Zmeyev
PUTIN'S FIRST WORD?
Putin's first word on the weekend election could come on Tuesday when they are due to appear at a Red Square ceremony in Moscow marking National Unity day.
“The central election commission deems Alexander Zakharchenko to be the elected head of the Donetsk People's Republic,” an election official, Roman Lyagin, told journalists in Donetsk, the separatists' stronghold. Numbers of ballots cast for them appeared to show they had won 79 percent of the vote.
“Plotnitsky got the majority of the votes in the Luhansk People's Republic elections,” a spokesperson said.
The elections were the latest twist in a geopolitical crisis that began with the popular overthrow of Ukraine's Moscow-backed leader, Viktor Yanukovich last February.
Russia denounced Yanukovich's ousting as a coup by a “fascist junta” and the following month annexed Crimea and subsequently backed the separatist rebellions that sprang up in the east.
Kiev says that only direct intervention by Russian troops stopped Ukrainian government forces routing the separatists, though Russia, despite what the West says is incontrovertible proof, denies sending troops across the border.
More than 4,000 people have been killed in the conflict, which has led to U.S. and European Union sanctions against Russia.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's spokesperson said on Monday Germany found it incomprehensible that “official Russian voices” were talking of recognizing the election in eastern Ukraine.
Current developments in east Ukraine ruled out any premature lifting of EU economic sanctions against Russia and if the situation worsened, further sanctions may be necessary, spokesperson Steffen Seibert said.
Slideshow (7 Images)
The Sept. 5 ceasefire has brought an end to full-scale clashes between government forces and the separatists, though sporadic shelling particularly in the airport area of Donetsk, continues to exert pressure on the truce.
Though the city was generally quiet early on Monday, artillery fire from the direction of the airport began to pick up later in the day.
The OSCE said that one of its four drones operating on observation missions in the south-east had been fired on by separatists using an anti-aircraft gun near the port of Mariupol on Sunday. It was not hit and returned to base intact.
PM says pregnancy no barrier to being a minister after Andrew Rosindell raised doubts whether Rachel Reeves could give the job their ‘full attention'
David Cameron has distanced themselves from comments made by a Tory backbencher about plans by the shadow work and pensions secretary, Rachel Reeves, to take maternity leave immediately after the general election.
Andrew Rosindell, the Tory MP for Romford, told the Daily Mail that a role in the cabinet required a person's full attention. “I don't want to say someone who is having a baby is not eligible to be a cabinet minister, but I certainly think perhaps the demands of that particular job will require someone to give it their full attention.”
“I don't expect Rachel Reeves to be in the cabinet after the election because I expect the Conservatives to win, but clearly people need to be put in the positions they can handle.”
Reeves's second child is due on 15 June, five weeks after the general election. In an interview with the Telegraph over the weekend, Reeves said they hoped to be able to abolish the bedroom tax quickly upon arriving in office. “My baby's due in June, and I want to cancel the bedroom tax before I go on maternity leave. That would be a great start for when I come back in September.”
A spokesperson for the prime minister said maternity leave should be a universal right and that it was “entirely a matter for individual families to take the decisions that they think are right for them and the government's job to support them in those decisions that they take”.
When asked if there was anything to stop an expectant mother from becoming a cabinet minister, the spokesperson said: “Why on earth not?”
Rachel Reeves (@RachelReevesMP) 300,000 women a yr take maternity leave but @AndrewRosindell thinks can't do big job & be a mum. Tory women problem? http://t.co/jX6rkG0FlJ
A Tory source said Rosindell did not speak for the Conservative party on the issue. “We are proud to be introducing more flexibility to shared parental leave, which will give parents more choice in how they share the care of their child and women more choice over when they return to work.”
Jo Swinson, the Liberal Democrat minister for employment relations, condemned the comments. “The suggestion that a woman should be turned down for a job because they are pregnant is clearly outrageous,” they said. “That kind of discrimination would be illegal under employment law and is an appalling attack on the right of pregnant women to take on high-profile leadership roles in government or business.
“It echoes the outdated sexist view that women can't be good mothers and also good at their jobs … Clearly, maternity or paternity cover arrangements need to be put in place for ministers, that's important but far from impossible.
“It just goes to show that if in power on their own, the Tories would revert to type and risk the good work we have done in coalition.”
Karl Turner, the Labour MP from Kingston upon Hull East, described the comments as “not only demeaning but totally out of touch with the modern workforce” and reiterated criticisms that the party has a “woman problem”.
“David Cameron has made it easier for employers to discriminate against women during maternity leave by charging £1,200 to take a maternity discrimination case to employment tribunal and childcare costs have risen by 30%.
“Labour is proud to have been the government to double maternity pay and increase maternity leave to a year. And the next Labour government will continue to support families in that crucial first year by increasing and extending paternity pay, too.”
RANGERS has regained the legal ownership of its precious trademarks from Sports Direct supremo Mike Ashley, it has been confirmed.
A host of Rangers and club-related trademarks and logos including the club name, Ibrox and The Gers, were held by Mr Ashley and Sports Direct as security against a £5 million emergency loan taken by the club at the start of last year.
Mr Ashley, who is also the Newcastle United owner and has a near 9% share in Rangers, gave the Scottish Championship leaders the money to help them remain solvent - but it came with a string of conditions including securities over assets, including trademarks.
Now official documents lodged with the Intellectual Property Office confirm that the Rangers trademarks, which also include the famous RFC Scroll crest, the Ready logo and the image of the Broxi Bear mascot are now back under the ownership of the club.
The development has come after Rangers' decided to pay back the £5 million loan to Mr Ashley last month after raising a £6.5 million loan from associates of club chairperson Dave King.
A Rangers spokesperson said: "Rangers are happy to confirm that they are the registered owners of all the club's trademarks."
The development does not, however, stop Mr Ashley's Sports Direct having control over rights to exploit the valuable trademarks, through Rangers Retail, the merchandising joint venture with Sports Direct, confirmed by then chief executive Charles Green in August 2012.
Ownership gives the holder the right to control what happens to the trademarks. In Rangers' case exclusive licences gave Rangers Retail controlled by Mike Ashley the right to exploit the relevant intellectual property rights.
Mr Ashley is still the power within Rangers Retail, which runs the club's entire retail operation, including the Rangers Megastore, and holds exclusive rights under licence to use the club's name, famous crests and badges.
In November it emerged Mr Ashley, joined the Rangers Retail board with club chairperson Dave King.
That meant Sports Direct had a majority of influence over the company as Mr Ashley's allies outnumbered Dave King and director Paul Murray by three to two at boardroom level.
According to Rangers Retail papers, Sports Direct has A share in the operation but even with 49 per cent of the joint venture, they are twice as valuable when it comes to crucial voting. That's because each A share receives two votes instead of just one on "Financial Matters".
According to Companies House records, Rangers Retail's registered address in Shirebrook, Nottinghamshire is identical to that of Sportsdirect.com Retail Limited.
And IPO papers show that the licence representative is IBML Legal, a part of Sports Direct's licensing division. It was responsible for acquiring for Sports Direct sporting brand names including Slazenger, Dunlop, Lonsdale, Everlast, Kangol, Karrimor, No Fear, Lillywhites, Donnay and Carlton.
Over a week ago, Rangers gave Sports Direct formal notice that they wish to ditch the the retail deal.
But the contract between the two requires a seven-year notice period, unless Sports Direct agrees to end it, or further legal action seeks to nullify the contract.
Mr King has said the club was "reserving our right to proceed with challenges to the existing suite of contracts and side agreements in a court of law".
The controversial retail arrangement, agreed by a previous Rangers board, meant that the club earned about 4p in every pound spent on Rangers merchandise.
The Rangers Retail set up has been a long-lasting area of controversy and the Rangers Supporters Trust fans group has previously called for a boycott of club's merchandise over the joint venture. At the end of 2014 it launched an alternative shirt for fans as they took on Mr Ashley - and said all profits would be ploughed back into an increased shareholding in their club.
The previous 10-year licence agreement with sports retailer JJB Sports rubber stamped in 2006, was worth a minimum of £48 million to the club. The club got an initial payment of £18 million when they launched an Umbro home kit and were guaranteed a minimum annual royalty of £3 million in each year of the licence.
Latest accounts show that while Rangers Retail turnover quadrupled from £1.2 million in the year to April 2013 to £4.8m in the year to April 2014, profits only doubled from £434,312 to £877,662. That is because its costs, soared from £546,656 to £4.2 million.
It is understood the money has gone to Sports Direct as Rangers Retail is buying Rangers merchandise, including replica kits, gifts, polo shirts and tracksuits from the Ashley-controlled firm for sale in club outlets.
Game of Thrones star Emilia Clarke is leaving the mythical world of Westeros for the Great White Way. The actor will make their Broadway debut as the alluring Holly Golightly in Richard Greenberg's new stage adaptation of Breakfast at Tiffany's. Directed by Sean Mathias, the production is set to begin performances at a Shubert theater in February 2013. Additional casting will be announced shortly.
Based on Truman Capote's novella, Breakfast at Tiffany's is the story of Fred, a young writer from Louisiana, who meets Holly Golightly (Clarke), a charming, vivacious and enigmatic good-time girl. Everyone is in love with Holly—including Fred. But Fred is competing with Holly's other suitors: a playboy millionaire and the future president of Brazil. As the war rages on in Europe, Holly begins to fall head over heels for Fred, just as their past catches up with them
“The goal of this version is to return to the original setting of the novella, which is the New York of the Second World War," Richard Greenberg said in a statement, “as well as to resume its tone—still stylish and romantic, yes, but rougher-edged and more candid than people generally remember. Capote was a great writer and natural maker of plots and Breakfast at Tiffany's has a drive that makes it very alluring to dramatize.”
Best known as the silvery-haired Daenerys Targaryen on HBO's Game of Thrones, Clarke's additional film and TV credits include Doctors and Triassic Attack. The British born actor studied theater at Drama Centre London.
Click below to revisit the classic opening scene from the 1961 movie adaptation of Breakfast at Tiffany's, starring Audrey Hepburn!
By David Villavicencio
HurricaneSports.com
CORAL GABLES, Fla. – The Miami Hurricanes have a long tradition of homegrown talent showcasing itself on the football field.
Canes legends like Michael Irvin, Sean Taylor, Jonathan Vilma, Santana Moss and Bennie Blades are just a handful of South Florida natives who shined while donning Miami's orange and green.
Each week in the 2014 season, HurricaneSports.com will honor a Hurricane football player with South Florida ties as the Milam's Market Homegrown Athlete of the Week. This week's player spotlight is on Fort Lauderdale, Fla., native Phillip Dorsett .
Big plays have become synonymous with Phillip Dorsett .
In four years at Miami, Dorsett has been a threat to score every time they touch the ball and the senior has found the end zone 11 times in their career.
The Fort Lauderdale, Fla., native has receptions of at least 60 yards in three straight years and their career-long catch of 68 yards came a year ago against North Carolina.
But Dorsett has been making a significant impact since their days as a star for high school powerhouse St. Thomas Aquinas.
Dorsett joins a long line of Raiders who have gone on to shine as Hurricanes. Known as a football factory, Aquinas has produced numerous NFL and college players including former Cane linebacker Tavares Gooden and offensive lineman Brandon Linder , as well as current Canes Jelani Hamilton, Nick Linder and Anthony Moten .
Dorsett is also a member of an elite group of former Raider wide receivers who became standouts at Miami, joining 2012 first team All-ACC selection Leonard Hankerson and 1987 National Champion, three-time Super Bowl champion and Pro Football Hall of Famer Michael “The Playmaker” Irvin.
Much like Hankerson and Irvin before him, Dorsett is a key weapon in Miami's potent offense. The 5-foot-10 receiver with elite speed has tallied over 1,500 yards and 11 touchdowns in their Hurricanes career.
Dorsett earned playing time as a first-year student, playing in all 12 games in the 2011 season. They caught the first touchdown of their career against Duke and earned their first start in that season's victory over USF. The talented receiver also threw for a 16-yard touchdown on a trick play against then-No. 21 Virginia Tech.
While Dorsett flashed their ability as a first-year student, the speedy receiver entrenched themselves as a vital part of Miami's offense as a sophomore. Dorsett played in all 12 games at receiver and punt returner, making 10 starts. They led the team with 842 receiving yards and four touchdowns on 58 catches, earning third-team All-ACC honors by Phil Steele.
Dorsett played a key role in Miami's win over Georgia Tech, catching nine balls for 184 yards and a touchdown and earning ACC Receiver of the Weeks honors.
A week later, Dorsett followed their big game against the Yellow Jackets with another huge performance, reeling in seven catches for 191 yards and 2 TDs in win vs. NC State, including a game-winning 62-yard TD with 19 seconds remaining.
Dorsett also tallied six catches for 103 yards and touchdown against Virginia and ties a single-game school record with 12 catches for 111 yards against USF.
The big play threat continued their success as a junior, catching a 52-yard touchdown in the first quarter of Miami's 21-16 win over No. 9/12 Florida. Dorsett also hauled in a 40-yard touchdown in the Canes' 45-30 win over Georgia Tech and was having a big day against UNC before leaving the game with an injury.
Dorsett has routinely made big plays in 2014, recording the second multi-touchdown game of career when they hauled in two scores against Florida A&M. Dorsett's biggest game to date came a week later when the senior torched Arkansas State for 201 yards and three touchdowns. Their superb performance was just the third 200-yard receiving game in program history and garnered them ACC Receiver of the Week accolades.
The speedy receiver, who has had big games against Georgia Tech in each of the past two seasons, will look to continue their success against the Yellow Jackets on Saturday as Miami faces the Ramblin' Wreck at 7:30 p.m. in Atlanta.
What is the effect of tipping on the take-home pay of Uber drivers? Economic theory offers a clear answer. Tipping has no effect on take home pay. The supply of Uber driver-hours is very elastic. Drivers can easily work more hours when the payment per ride increases and since every person with a decent car is a potential Uber driver it's also easy for the number of drivers to expand when payments increase. As a good approximation, we can think of the supply of driver-hours as being perfectly elastic at a fixed market wage. What this means is that take home pay must stay constant even when tipping increases.
But how is the equilibrium maintained? One possibility is that as riders tip more, Uber can reduce fares so that the net hourly wage remains constant. Since take home pay doesn't change we will have just as many drivers as before tipping. Under the tipping equilibrium the only change will be that instead of the riders paying Uber and then Uber paying the drivers, the riders will also pay something to the drivers directly and Uber will pay the drivers a little bit less. The drivers end up with the same take home pay.
But suppose that Uber doesn't want to reduce fares or is somehow constrained from doing so. Does the model break down? Sorry, but the laws and supply and demand cannot be so easily ignored. If Uber holds fares constant, the higher net wage (tips plus fares) will attract more drivers but as the number of drivers increases their probability of finding a rider will fall. The drivers will earn more when driving but spend less time driving and more time idling. In other words, tipping will increase the “driving wage,” but reduce paid driving-time until the net hourly wage is pushed back down to the market wage.
At this point many readers will object that I am a horrible person and this is all theory using unrealistic “Econ 101” assumptions of perfectly competitive markets, rationality, full information etc etc. To which my response is that the first claim is plausible but irrelevant while the second is false. A new paper, Labor Market Equilibration: Evidence from Uber, from John Horton at NYU-Stern and Jonathan Hall and Daniel Knoepfle, two economists at Uber, looks at what happens when Uber increases base fares:
We find that when Uber raises the base fare
in a city, the driver hourly earnings rate rises immediately, but then begins
to decline shortly thereafter. After about 8 weeks, there is no detectable
difference in the average hourly earnings rate compared to before the fare
increase. With a higher fare, drivers earn more when driving passengers, and
so how do drivers make the same amount per hour? The main reason is that
driver utilization falls; drivers spend a smaller fraction of their working hours
on trips with paying passengers when fares are higher.
My conclusion is that increases in Uber fares are a very bad idea. Why? Increases in Uber fares–i.e. increases beyond those required to have enough drivers so that pick-up times are reasonably short–have two negative effects. First, and most obviously, higher fares increase the price to riders. Second, higher fares don't result in higher driver earnings but do result in drivers wasting time.
The situation is very similar to the inefficient market for realtors. When realtors earn a fixed percentage of a home's sales price, higher home prices encourage more entry into the realtor market. But we don't need more realtors just because home prices have increased! When home prices are high, a realtor can earn enough selling a handful of homes a year to make it worthwhile to stay in the industry even though most of the realtor's time is spent unproductively finding customers rather than actually helping customers to buy and sell homes. It would be better if commission rates fell when home prices rose but even after many years of online entry that typically doesn't happen which is the mystery of realtor rent-seeking.
Uber is a great service for riders and it's also great for people who need a source of flexible earnings. The fact that Uber drivers earn less than some people think is appropriate is a function of the wider job market and not of Uber policy. Indeed, Uber can't increase take-home pay by raising fares and if we require them to do so we will simply hurt consumers and waste resources without improving the welfare of drivers.
German beekeepers face a tough legal battle
(NaturalNews) Nearly 100,000 German beekeepers are calling for a nationwide ban on the cultivation of GMO crops. The beekeepers are represented by the German Beekeepers Association (DIB), which is pursuing the ban after the introduction of legislation allowing member states to opt out of GM planting schemes that have been approved at the EU level.The new law allows a member state to ban GMO agriculture in all or part of its territory. The legislation is strongly opposed by GM proponents and has become a controversial issue throughout the EU.The DIB is urging Agriculture Minister Christian Schmidt (CSU) to enact a ban throughout the entire country, but the minister is calling for each state or region within Germany to decide on an individual basis.The beekeepers argue that this will not be an effective solution because of the range that bees travel to collect nectar. The DIB maintains that such a "piecemeal" approach involving some areas that are GM-free and others that are not is "environmentally and agriculturally unacceptable," adding that "bees have no borders."The threat to the honeybees created by GM agriculture comes from the widespread use of certain pesticides by the industry that contain neonicotinoids, which have been proven to be toxic to bees and other forms of life.reports:Many experts believe that these pesticides are at least partly responsible for the continuing deaths of millions of bees due to what has been termed Colony Collapse Disorder (CCD). In 2014, 37 million bees in Canada suddenly dropped dead after nearby cornfields were planted with GMO crops.GM supporters and apologists rushed to explain that the bees were not killed by the GMO corn, but experts believe that the deaths were due to the neonicotinoid pesticides used by the industry . Although the bee deaths were perhaps not directly due to the effects of GM plants, there is ample evidence indicating that they were indeed killed by the pesticides used in conjunction with the GM corn cultivation.Even though the new legislation allows member states to ban GMO crops in part or all of their territory, legal experts say that Germany will face an uphill battle in having a nationwide ban approved.If the GMO industry challenges such a ban, which it almost certainly will, the European Court of Justice will be called on to make a decision. The ECJ "has a presumption in favour of the EU single market," according to GMWatch.org.It will be very interesting to see what happens in Germany because the case could set a precedent for the rest of the EU. It is hoped that the beekeepers will be able to force the implementation of a nationwide ban. GMWatch also reports that the "GMO industry may go down in history as having broken apart the European Union and set one sector of the food and agriculture industry against another."
NEW DELHI: The Modi government is quietly working on a plan to export defence equipment and armaments produced in India to friendly countries. A beginning could be made by exporting BrahMos missiles to Southeast Asia and South American countries. Vietnam, Indonesia and Venezuela have expressed willingness to procure the supersonic missile jointly produced by India and Russia , sources indicated to ET.Indo-Vietnam defence ties are on an upward trajectory and Hanoi has been keen for the last few years to purchase this missile. However, there was no progress under the UPA government on the issue, sources indicated. BrahMos missiles have been inducted in all three defence services. The inter-governmental agreement between India and Russia for development of BrahMos missile (290-kmrange) also stipulates use of this advanced system to be inducted into the Indian and Russian armed forces as well as export to friendly countries.Vietnam and Russia are partners since the days of the Cold War and it can use Russian made defence equipment. India will sign an agreement for supplying defence equipment to Vietnam, during President Pranab Mukherjee's trip from September 14-17. India and Indonesia also share good defence ties that encompasses training and defence exercises.Recently, Prime Minister narendra Modi had stated that India should move towards self-reliance in producing military weapons and systems and also look for exporting them to friendly nations.The idea for defence co-development and joint production is not only to obtain cutting-edge technology and self-sufficiency in the long run but also export jointly developed products. So far, India depends on imports for meeting over 65% of its weapons requirement and has been branded as largest importer of arms by international think tanks. India could also export indigenously developed ‘Tejas' – Light Combat Aircraft, ‘Akash' – air defence system and ‘Prahar' class of missiles to friendly countries. Tejas is a lightweight, multi-role, single-engine tactical fighter aircraft.Akash, a surface-to-air missile, has a range of 25 km. Prahar is a 150 km-range tactical missile system. Several countries have shown interest in the Akash missile system, which was ready to be inducted into the Army. LCA is likely to be ready for induction into IAF by the end of this year after attaining the final operational clearance. Sources also claim that Indian weapon systems are cheaper than Chinese systems.While India does not a formal defence exports policy, it had earlier exported rifles to Nepal and Oman, besides supplying defence equipment to Myanmar including tanks, radars to Sri Lanka , defence equipment to the Maldives, maritime patrol boats to Mauritius and defence spare parts to Vietnam.India's current norm for defence exports involve supplies not only to friendly countries but also to countries which do not have civil war. “We do not want a situation where arms supplied by us is used by one group against another within the boundary of one country.
Gabrielle Giffords, The Arizona member of congress shot today outside a Tucson Safeway, was featured on Sarah Palin's infamous 'crosshairs' map, which targeted legislators who voted for Obama's health care bill. Remember? The map that was criticized as an incitement to violence?
Giffords, a third-term legislator, supported Obama's health care reform bill. This earned them a place on the map, posted to Takebackthe20.com by Sarah Palin's Political Action Committe, that literally put Democrats in the cross-hairs last spring after the bill passed. "Don't retreat, instead- RELOAD!" was how Palin introduced the map to their Twitter followers. Days later, a vandal smashed the glass door of Giffords' Tucson office. Giffords' father tells the New York Post that members of the Tea Party "always threatened" their daughter.
Giffords' Tea Party opponent in the 2010 election, Jesse Kelly, went even further with the violent rhetoric. Kelly's campaign held an event called "Get on Target for Victory in November." Description: "Help remove Gabrielle Giffords from office. Shoot a fully automatic M16 with Jesse Kelly."
There's no indication that the gunman who shot down Rep. Giffords was motivated by politics. But the Giffords shooting should at the very least underscore the fact that, as Matt Yglesias says, "gun imagery and electoral politics don't mix."
HOUSTON (FOX 26) - A swanky party in the Houston Museum District where the guests leave with swanky swag bags -- but not all of the people on the list made it on the list. Michael Baugh's husband had an invitation and they were the plus one but were turned away anyway.
"Basically from four-to-five people ahead of us all of the way back, nobody got in," explains Baugh. "So we were bumped, which is hilarious." It was hilarious to them because the party was a promotion by United Airlines to announce a new route to Australia. The people invited were all customers who travel frequently.
"They had a limit when you went to sign up for this. so they should've been able to control the numbers anyway," says Jack Moriniere, who was able to enter the event.
To be crystal clear, planning a promotional party and operating a major airline are not the same thing, but United and the airline industry as a whole have taken a lot of heat for overbooking flights.. United recently suffered a public relations nightmare after airport security dragged a doctor off an overbooked flight After that incident, United changed its policy to allow supervisors to offer up to $10,000 in vouchers to bumped passengers.
Although disappointed, Baugh has a sense of humor about the odd situation.
"We were shunned from the party. and OK, we are not victims here, but the irony is not lost on us," explains Baugh. And they did kind of want one of those bags. They won't get one but the airlines did release the following statement:
We were not able to host all customers at a luncheon we were sponsoring earlier today due to overwhelming interest. We are contacting those customers to apologize for the inconvenience.
Editor's Note: Omar Téllez served as the president of the public transit mapping service Moovit and sits on the company's advisory board; they previously worked as an executive at Synchronoss Technlogies.
I'll always remember my first time at Ben ­Gurion airport.
After a 12-­hour trip from JFK, I was called to the front of the immigration line: “The guy wearing the Moovit t­shirt, please come forward!” For a second I thought I'd done something wrong and was going to get in trouble, but then the immigration officer said with a heavy accent “Welcome to Israel! We are proud of our startup and want the world to know that we are a high tech powerhouse,” as they gave me my passport and waved me off.
I must have saved at least an hour in the line, but all I could think about was how excited I was to be in a country in which even the immigration corps supported the ecosystem that I was part of, and, yes of course, how glad I was that I had worn that t­-shirt.
No wonder they call it “Start-up Nation” I said to myself, as I took a cab to my hotel and wondered what other things I had to learn about this thriving ecosystem in Israel.
Uri Levine, a good friend from Silicon Valley and Waze founder, had asked me to come to Israel to check out two crazy guys that had done a soft launch of an app that they claimed to be “The Waze of Public Transportation”. Uri was on their board, and thought they could use some help to take Moovit internationally.
While I knew that the Israeli startup world was booming, I was blissfully unaware that on a per capita basis, the Israeli hi­gh-tech and venture capital sectors were larger than in any other country in the world. What's even more surprising, I would later learn, is that the Israeli hi­gh-tech startup exit amounts increased by 980% over the past five years to a record of $9.2 billion in 2014 (like Mobileye, Viber and Waze are examples of recent record exits).
While I knew that the Israeli startup world was booming, I was blissfully unaware that on a per capita basis, the Israeli hi­gh-tech and venture capital sectors were larger than in any other country in the world.
Sure, working with Israeli startups comes with a number of thrills, but there are plenty of learning curves as well.
Their tenacious work ethos, their egalitarian and meritocratic idiosyncrasy, and their richness of diversity, are clear upsides of being part of the Israeli start-­up world.
But, as with any other ecosystem there are challenges that one will need to address, such as their very direct communication style, the ability to work and be effective with 7-­10 hour time zone differences, and their limited market and insularity which can impact their access to capital.
On the positive side, after several conference calls in which my Israeli team participated from bomb shelters while sirens blared, it finally became clear what the word “chutzpah” meant. The funny thing is that I'm not really sure Israelis see this as a big risk; it's just the way it has to be done, no questions asked.
I was awed by this and have to submit that since then it became increasingly difficult to accept that meetings in NYC were cancelled just because a couple inches of snow had fallen. It is this tenacious ethos, one could argue, that has led over 70 Israeli companies to be listed in NASDAQ, more than Europe, Japan, Korea and China… combined.
The Israeli Defense Force has created a country in which “sugar coating” is perceived as offensive and where a healthy cynicism for authority is encouraged. If you're the type of person that will blush or gasp, during a product review when someone yells, “this is perhaps the most stupid idea I've ever heard of!” you definitely need to work on getting tougher skin.
While in New York or San Francisco, a comment like that from a manager would've likely generated an awkward silence and then scuttled the meeting, in Tel Aviv this is considered a great outcome, and building the skills needed to jiu-­jitsu or channel that reaction energy will be extremely relevant.
In the end, this spirit pushes the team's thinking to generate better products. Also, to be fair sometimes Israeli's are eager to discuss things just for the heck of it, as if it were a national sport.
Even walking into a bar on Tel Aviv's Rothschild Boulevard, by far one of the trendiest cities in the Mediterranean, can be a weird experience. I've counted up to seven languages being spoken and several ethnicities present in a 2­-meter radius.
It's no wonder that with over 4,000 startups in the Greater Tel Aviv area, Israel is ranked 1st in the world for innovative capacity in 2014 by the IMD Global Competitiveness Yearbook.
Smart, eager, tech savvy, native speakers of a variety of languages including Spanish, Portuguese, French, German, Italian, and Russian, are always around. If you're a startup that aims to be in 45 countries and 500 cities, in a 2­-year period, then these international resources can come in extremely handy.
It's no wonder that with over 4,000 startups in the Greater Tel Aviv area, Israel is ranked 1st in the world for innovative capacity in 2014 by the IMD Global Competitiveness Yearbook.
Getting used to long hours traveling and managing the side effects, comes with the territory when working with Israeli start­ups. However hard I tried, for some unknown reason, it was impossible to soothe the jet lag when I traveled to Tel Aviv for board meetings.
Similarly, being able to adapt to work in different time zones and managing the communication challenges to make the most out of it is vital when working with Israeli startups. Meetings that kicked off at midnight, in which we looped in San Francisco, New York, Paris, São Paulo, Madrid, Rome and Tel Aviv, were common. Preparing tight agendas and becoming masters with Google Hangout became a much-­valued skill to address this challenge.
While there's an abundant VC offering for A and B rounds in Israel, capital availability for larger rounds can be limited, and as such pitching to Sand Hill Road becomes a necessity.
In fact, Dun & Bradstreet reports that there's only two VC's in Israel with over $1 billion in capital under management: Pitango and Star Ventures. But while there are large VCs like Sequoia that have offices in Herzliya and actively invest in Israel, to my huge surprise, there are others in the Valley that take the, “we do not invest in Israeli startups” position.
One clear pushback that we heard from these investors was how difficult it was for them to extrapolate success in Israel, with a population smaller than New York City, to the rest of the world.
In the end, the funny thing about Israelis is that they'll be the first ones to acknowledge that they're hard to work with.
In fact, they'll have a good loud laugh about it. They recognize that while their modus operandi can be perceived as abrasive, opinionated, free of bullshit and politics, it gets things done quicker than most.
Makes me wonder about Barack Hussein Obama's "peaceful actions."
Keystone XL Is On the Cusp of Energizing America and Daring Obama's Veto
Two hundred twenty one Republicans and 31 Democrats in the U. S. House voted on Friday, November 14, 2014, to approve the overly debated Keystone oil pipeline to be constructed from our Canadian friends to the north to the eagerly awaiting refineries in the southwestern area of the United States.
It was sent to the Senate where a struggle between conservative Republicans and Obama, with their group of anti-jobs and country conscientious objectors, will take every effort to imitate Obama's Rev. Wright's country condemnation of “God Damn America” to kill the much desired legislation. The bill, if likewise approved in the frequently obstructive U. S. Senate, will bring many thousands of new jobs to our country as well as to the Canadians and could make both countries very independent of foreign countries overseas for our oil for energy needs. If Obama rejects this measure of energy independence, their and their Party's fortunes in 2016 will be smaller than a gnat's eye. The people showed they were not very happy with Obie and their shufflin' demagogues on Nov. 4th; a veto will invite mayhem for them. The Obama veto of such a potentially beneficial boon to both countries would also cast a dark shadow from the touchy environmentalists, who have often been chastised with the wish from large numbers of conservative and country loyalists with the saying, “May they freeze to death in the dark” alluding to their proclivities to oppose all matters involving climate control including ventilation and geographical illumination. FoxNews published an editorial regarding the U. S. House's passage of the oil construction legislation on Friday, November 14, 2014, in “House votes to approve Keystone pipeline showdown looms in Senate” online, stating that “The legislation has re-emerged after Democratic Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu began championing it, in a bid to not only help the energy industry but also their struggling runoff Senate bid. In response, Republican Rep. Bill Cassidy, who is running against Landrieu in the runoff, sponsored the House bill that was approved on Friday.” I personally believe that the plan to reintroduce legislation had been in the works since before the November 4, 2014 elections, and I also believe Rep. Bill Cassidy, R-LA had been the one that introduced the bill for legislative discussion. The pickup by Democratic Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu was an after election decision to bolster their credentials on the subject for the upcoming runoff election between those two candidates, neither of whom garnered the required fifty percent of the votes for the office of Senator.
FoxNews added that “the legislation nevertheless could land on Obama's desk if the Senate passes it next week. Senate supporters said they were confident they'd have the 60 votes needed for passage. This would force Obama to either sign it—defying their environmentalist supporters—or veto it.” As arrogant and self-indulgent as the usurper president is, I find it difficult for them to not veto the bill regardless of any potential fallout that may occur as a result of such action.  They are very much inclined to kiss-off the doubters, as numerous as they might be, and forge ahead in their self-righteous manner, confident as they are in the power of their independence-motivated presidential powers. But on Friday, the day of House passage while Obama was on the road in Burma, according to FoxNews they indicated that “we should not short-circuit the process of the review process.” They also are quoted by Fox that the “the administration thinks the project should be judged on the basis of whether it accelerates climate change, and pushed back on claims that it would be a “massive jobs bill.” There was no published information on that statement that indicated that they were going to exercise the administration's long term foolhardiness of the “global warming”, or lately climate change nonsense, proven so by numerous gaffes by supporters and providing actual facts by many of the scientific experts of that world and the downplaying of facts furnished by other experts in the fields of economic employment. After Friday's vote, House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, said it was time for the president to listen to the American people, especially after the Republican gains in the midterm elections, and sign the bill, according to FoxNews. Finding some backbone, Boehner felt brave enough to declare for FoxNews edification, “Thousands more Americans would be working today if President Obama had put their priorities ahead of their political interests and approved the Keystone pipeline. Instead, they continue to block the project, and the new jobs, lower costs, and increased energy security it would provide,” they said in a statement. “The president doesn't have any more elections to win, and they have no other excuse for standing in the way. It's time they start listening to the vast majority of Americans who support Keystone and help get more people back to work.” For quite some time now I have been of the opinion that Obama is trying to salvage all of that oil still below the surface so it will still be there when their Islamic terrorists swarm all over the North American continent, as they are hopeful they will, and benefit from the riches it will provide to those murderous minions of the “peaceful religion” who behead humans who in their gruesome opinion don't bow down to their inhuman beliefs. Makes me wonder about Barack Hussein Obama's “peaceful actions.” Watch the latest video at video.foxnews.com
Only YOU can save CFP from Social Media Suppression. Tweet, Post, Forward, Subscribe or Bookmark us
Gerald A. “Jerry” McConnell, 92, of Hampton, died Sunday, February 19, 2017, at the Merrimack Valley Hospice House in Haverhill, Mass., surrounded by their loved ones. They were born May 27, 1924 in Altoona, Pa., the fifth son of the late John E. and Grace (Fletcher) McConnell.
Jerry served ten years with the US Marine Corps and participated in the landing against Japanese Army on Guadalcanal and another ten years with the US Air Force. After moving to Hampton in 1957 they started their community activities serving in many capacities.
They shared 72 years of marriage with their wife Betty P. (Hamilton) McConnell. In addition to their wife, family members include nieces and nephews.
McConnell's e-book about Guadalcanal, “Our Survival was Open to the Gravest Doubts”
Please adhere to our commenting policy to avoid being banned. As a privately owned website, we reserve the right to remove any comment and ban any user at any time.Comments that contain spam, advertising, vulgarity, threats of violence and death, racism, anti-Semitism, or personal or abusive attacks on other users may be removed and result in a ban.-- Follow these instructions on registering
Breitbart Tech editor Milo Yiannopoulos has a legion of dedicated fans. In the past, they have set up shrines to him, celebrated their birthday as “World Patriarchy Day,” and chalked “FREE MILO” slogans outside Twitter's global network of offices after the company suspended them from their platform.
It's not always easy to be a fan of the Dangerous Faggot. Like supporters of Donald Trump, Milo fans are often ostracised for supporting a man who, in the eyes of leftists, spouts hate and bigotry whilst laughing about it.
One fan has had enough. One 28-year-old fan from London was told by one of their friends on Facebook that their support of Milo led to them feeling in “danger.” Healy started calling Yiannopoulos “Uncle Milo”, and their “bae,” but has now gone one step further, and has now got a tattoo showing their support.
The tattoo plainly says “Milo,” in cursive, with one small kiss just below. It was inked in burgundy after Milo signed the man's leg after a talk in London this week.
The fan told Breitbart News that one of the reasons why they got the tattoo done was to annoy “these… people [who] are far too worried about triggering and offending. If really your biggest concern is someone using the wrong pronoun on you then you've probably got got a pretty good life.”
According to Milo, there are a dozen kittens, several dogs and even two babies named after him. But this is thought to be the first permanent Milo-themed inking.
Is the start of a new trend? For better or worse, it probably is.
Jack Hadfield is a student at the University of Warwick and a regular contributor to Breitbart Tech. You can follow them on Twitter @ToryBastard_ or email them at jack@yiannopoulos.net.
TWO SMARTPHONES, the Optimus One and Optimus Chic, have been launched by LG Electronics.
Running Android 2.2 'Froyo' and optimised for Google's Mobile Services, the devices are aimed at those looking to buy their first smartphone.
The devices can sync with Outlook Calendar and can provide portable WiFi hotspots to easily share a single 3G connection.
They come with the usual Google Mobile Services, including Google Voice Search, Google Voice Actions, Google Goggles, Google Shopper and Google Maps with Navigation, and they also offer access to Android Market with more than 80,000 applications.
Both handsets feature a 600MHz processor and a 3.2-inch HVGA capacitive touchscreen at 320x480 resolution. The Optimus One has a 3-megapixel camera and the Optimus Chic has a 5-megapixel camera with a sleek design and touch sensitive buttons.
The LG Optimus One camera has face tracking and smile shot, and a long-lasting 1500mAh capacity battery.
The LG Optimus Chic allows users to remotely control the device from their PCs. Plus, via LG Air Sync, it keeps users up-to-date with its ability to wirelessly sync contacts, photos and other vital information with computers and cloud databases. Multimedia content can be shared with other DLNA certified devices such as TVs, audio-visual systems and laptop computers.
The LG Optimus One will be available in Europe from October. There is no mention of prices yet, but they are both supposed to be entry level smartphones. µ
The Yokohama BayStars opted not to extend the contract of slugger Tony Blanco and have released the Dominican first baseman, the Central League club announced on Tuesday.
Blanco, 34, was notified the same day as the Nippon Professional Baseball's commissioner's office announced the names of 125 players being released from a list of reserve players.
Blanco joined the Chunichi Dragons in 2009 and won both the home run and RBI titles the same season.
After moving to Yokohama in 2013, Blanco won the batting title and was the CL's RBI leader that season, but due to injuries they were limited to just 17 homers and 60 RBIs with a .283 batting average in 85 games this year. Cuba's Yulieski Gurriel, who joined the team midseason, made the reserve roster.
Wily Mo Pena, who hit 32 homers and had 90 RBIs for the Orix Buffaloes, and the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles' Andruw Jones were also among those released.
Jose Lopez, who had a team-high 22 home runs for the Yomiuri Giants, was also left off the reserve roster as were Bryan Bullington, Kam Mickolio and Kila Ka'aihue from the Hiroshima Carp. Seth Greisinger, who went 5-4 with a 4.54 ERA in 13 starts in their seventh year in Japan, was released by the Chiba Lotte Marines.
Orix released the most players with 17.
Osera gets pay rise
KYODO
Hiroshima Carp right-hander Daichi Osera received a ¥20 million raise on Tuesday, when the Central League rookie of the year signed their contract for next year.
Osera, who joined the Carp as their first-round draft pick a year ago, saw their salary jump from ¥15 million to an estimated ¥35 million. Osera went 10-8 in 26 games, and despite their 4.05 earned run average, held their spot in the Carp rotation the entire season.
“I want to have an ERA in the twos,” said the 23-year-old who struck out 116 batters in 151 innings, but also tied for the league high in home runs allowed with 20.
Two relievers, right-handers Ryuji Ichioka and Ren Nakata, also received raises.
Ichioka, who saw their salary rise from ¥13.5 million to ¥24 million, came to the Carp as part of the compensation package for the Yomiuri Giants' signing of free agent right-hander Kan Otake a year ago.
With just 15⅓ career innings for the Giants, they established themselves as Hiroshima's most effective middle reliever, posting a 0.58 ERA in a season shortened to 31 games through injury.
Nakata, who led the team with 66 games on the mound, stepped into a larger role towards the end of the season. The 24-year-old struck out 69 batters in 78⅔ innings, while posting a 3.92 ERA. Their salary increased from ¥16 million to ¥30 million.
Update 10/17:This post has been updated for Swift 4
Update 09/16:This post has been updated for Swift 3
A few years ago, at the peak of the Functional Renaissance™, a blog post that presented 10 Scala functional one liner became quite popular and was rapidly followed by a series of articles that implemented the same one liner in other languages like Haskell, Ruby, Groovy, Clojure, Python, C#, F#, CoffeeScript.
We'll never know how many people were actually impressed by those one liner during social gatherings, but my guess is that at least for the uninitiated the more complex examples were a good incentive to learn more about functional programming.
Let's see how Swift fares against the other languages, trying to solve the same 10 exercises using one liner, maybe obtaining something interesting in the process (see #6 and #10).
Get the playground for this article from GitHub or zipped.
#1 Multiply each element of an array by 2
Not much to see in this first example, easily solvable using map as we all know.
(1...1024).map{$0 * 2}
#2 Sum a list of numbers
This exercise is solved using reduce and the plus operator, leveraging the fact that the plus operator is a function, but the solution is obvious, we'll see in a moment a few more creative uses of reduce .
(1...1024).reduce(0,+)
#3 Verify if Exists in a String
Let's verify if a tweet contains at least one of a few selected keywords using filter :
let words = ["Swift","iOS","cocoa","OSX","tvOS"] let tweet = "This is an example tweet larking about Swift" let valid = !words.filter({tweet.contains($0)}).isEmpty valid //true
Update: @oisdk suggests a few better alternatives:
words.contains(where:tweet.contains)
Way more concise, and this one:
tweet.characters.split(separator:" ") .lazy .map(String.init) .contains(where:Set(words).contains)
#4 Read in a File
Reading a file into an array of lines is not possible through an easy built-in like in other languages but we can create something short that doesn't need a for using a combination of split and map :
let path = Bundle.main.path(forResource:"test", ofType: "txt") let lines = try? String(contentsOfFile: path!).characters .split{$0 == "
"} .map(String.init) if let lines=lines { lines[0] // O! for a Muse of fire, that would ascend lines[1] // The brightest heaven of invention! lines[2] // A kingdom for a stage, princes to act lines[3] // And monarchs to behold the swelling scene. }
That last step with map and the string constructor turns our arrays of characters into strings.
#5 Happy Birthday to You!
This will display the Happy Birthday song to console, a simple use of map with a range and the ternary operator.
let name = "uraimo" (1...4).forEach{print("Happy Birthday " + (($0 == 3) ? "dear \(name)":"to You"))}
#6 Filter list of numbers
In this case we are asked to partition a sequence using a provided filtering function. Many languages have in addition to the usual map, flatMap, reduce, filter, etc… also a partitionBy function that does exactly that, Swift as you know doesn't have something similar (the NSArray function that filters by NSPredicate is not what we want here).
Therefore, we could solve this extending Sequence with a partitionBy function that we'll use to partition an integer array:
extension Sequence{ typealias Element = Self.Iterator.Element func partitionBy(fu: (Element)->Bool)->([Element],[Element]){ var first: [Element] = [] var second: [Element] = [] for el in self { if fu(el) { first.append(el) }else{ second.append(el) } } return (first,second) } } let part = [82, 58, 76, 49, 88, 90].partitionBy{$0 < 60} part // ([58, 49], [82, 76, 88, 90])
It's not really a one liner and the approach is imperative. But could we use filter to improve it a little?
extension Sequence{ func anotherPartitionBy(fu: (Self.Iterator.Element)->Bool)-> ([Self.Iterator.Element],[Self.Iterator.Element]){ return (self.filter(fu),self.filter({!fu($0)})) } } let part2 = [82, 58, 76, 49, 88, 90].anotherPartitionBy{$0 < 60} part2 // ([58, 49], [82, 76, 88, 90])
This is slightly better, but it traverses the sequence two times and trying to turn this into a one liner removing the enclosing function will get us something with too much duplicated stuff (the filtering function and the array that will be used in two places).
Can we build something that will transform the original sequence into a partition tuple using a single stream of data? Yes we can, using reduce .
var part3 = [82, 58, 76, 49, 88, 90].reduce( ([],[]), { (a:([Int],[Int]),n:Int) -> ([Int],[Int]) in (n<60) ? (a.0+[n],a.1) : (a.0,a.1+[n]) }) part3 // ([58, 49], [82, 76, 88, 90])
What we are doing here is building the result tuple that contains the two partitions, an element at a time, testing each element of the original sequence using the filtering function and appending this element to the first or second partition array depending on the filtering result.
Finally a true one liner but notice that the fact that the partition arrays are being built via append will actually make it way slower than the two previous implementations.
#7 Fetch and Parse an XML web service
Some of the languages above don't rely on external libraries and have more than one option available by default to deal with XML (e.g. Scala that “natively” albeit awkwardly supports XML parsing into objects), but Foundation provides only the SAX parser NSXMLParser, and as you may have already guessed we are not going to use it.
There are a few alternative open source libraries we could use in this case, some of them written in C or Objective-C and others in pure Swift.
This time we are going to use the pure-Swift AEXML:
let xmlDoc = try? AEXMLDocument(xmlData: NSData(contentsOf: URL(string:"https://www.ibiblio.org/xml/examples/shakespeare/hen_v.xml")!)!) if let xmlDoc=xmlDoc { var prologue = xmlDoc.root.children[6]["PROLOGUE"]["SPEECH"] prologue.children[1].stringValue // Now all the youth of England are on fire, prologue.children[2].stringValue // And silken dalliance in the wardrobe lies: prologue.children[3].stringValue // Now thrive the armourers, and honour's thought prologue.children[4].stringValue // Reigns solely in the breast of every man: prologue.children[5].stringValue // They sell the pasture now to buy the horse, }
#8 Find minimum (or maximum) in a List
We have various ways to find the minimum and maximum of a sequence, among those the min and max functions:
//Find the minimum of an array of Ints [10,-22,753,55,137,-1,-279,1034,77].sorted().first [10,-22,753,55,137,-1,-279,1034,77].reduce(Int.max, min) [10,-22,753,55,137,-1,-279,1034,77].min() //Find the maximum of an array of Ints [10,-22,753,55,137,-1,-279,1034,77].sorted().last [10,-22,753,55,137,-1,-279,1034,77].reduce(Int.min, max) [10,-22,753,55,137,-1,-279,1034,77].max()
#9 Parallel Processing
Some languages allow enabling in a simple and transparent way parallel processing of sequences for functionalities like map and flatMap, to speed up the execution of sequential and independent operations using thread pools under the hood.
This feature is not yet available in Swift but can be built using GCD: http://moreindirection.blogspot.it/2015/07/gcd-and-parallel-collections-in-swift.html
#10 Sieve of Erathostenes
The good old sieve of Erathostenes is used to find all the prime numbers until a given upper limit n.
Starting with a sequence of all the integers smaller than n, the algorithm removes all the multiples of each integer, until we are left with just prime numbers. And to speed up the execution, we don't actually need to check each integer for its multiple, we can just stop at the square root of n.
Based on that definition the first implementation could look like this:
var n = 50 var primes = Set(2...n) (2...Int(sqrt(Double(n)))).forEach{ primes.subtract(Set(stride(from:2*$0, to:n+1, by:$0))) } primes.sorted()
We use the outer range to iterate over the integers we want to check and for each one we calculate a sequence of multiples of those numbers using stride(from:Int, to:Int, by:Int) . Those sequences are then substracted from a Set initialized with all the integers from 2 to n.
But as you can see, to actually remove the multiples we use an external mutable Set, introducing a side-effect.
To eliminate side-effects, as we should always try to do, we will first calculate all the subsequences, flatMap them in a single array of multiples and remove these integers from the original Set.
var sameprimes = Set(2...n) sameprimes.subtract(Set(2...Int(sqrt(Double(n)))) .flatMap{stride(from:2*$0, to:n+1, by:$0)}) sameprimes.sorted()
Way cleaner and a nice example of usage of flatMap to flatten nested arrays.
#11 Bonus: Tuple swap via destructuring
As a bonus, not everyone knows that like in other languages that have a tuple type, you can leverage tuple destructuring to perform a compact variable swap:
var a=1,b=2 (a,b) = (b,a) a //2 b //1
And that's all, as expected Swift is as expressive as many other languages.
Thanks to @oisdk for reviewing the post
The final version of Android 7.1.1 Nougat started going out to supported Nexus devices in the first part of this month. Well, to all of the still supported Nexuses except one - the Motorola Nexus 6. This was hardly surprising for owners of the 6-inch behemoth, since it was late to the Android 7.0 party too, receiving the update a few weeks after the other devices. And history is now repeating itself.
If you own a Nexus 6, you may even have considered the lack of any official word from Google on the Android 7.1.1 update situation as an indication of the fact that the company has quietly dropped support for the phone released in 2014.
Thankfully that's not the case. It turns out that a bug was the culprit for the update's delay, and it's still on its way to the Nexus 6. The oldest supported Nexus device is due to receive its taste of Android 7.1.1 Nougat in early January. Here's the full statement sent by Google to Android Police:
Unfortunately, we found a last minute bug that was specific to the Nexus 6, which has caused the delay of the 7.1.1 OTA rollout. We've since fixed the issue and will be rolling out an update in early January.
We assume this means that the Nexus 6 will start getting that right around the time the January security patches are outed, which may be as soon as next week. That said, keep in mind that this is Google we're talking about, and it's impossible to understand the logic behind its staged over-the-air software rollouts. Some Nexus 6 handsets are yet to receive the December security update, which is almost a month old at this point. So don't be surprised if yours won't be on 7.1.1 come February, even if the official release does happen in early January as intended.
Source
If you want to write a bestselling book, don't reinvent the wheel.
I get at least a dozen email a week from friends who want to write books.
After three #1 bestsellers from 2007 to 2012, and publishing in 35+ countries, I've tried a lot. Having experimented with everything from “traditional” (Random House) to Amazon Publishing, from BitTorrent Bundles to self-publishing audiobooks, I've developed strong opinions about…
What works and what doesn't.
What sucks and what doesn't.
What makes the most money and what doesn't.
This post is intended to answer all of the most common questions I get, including:
– “Should I publish traditionally or self-publish?”
– “How does a first-time author get a 7-figure book advance?”
– “How do I get a good agent or publisher? Do I even need an agent?”
– “What does the ‘bestseller list' really mean? How do you get on one?”
– “What are your top marketing tips if I have little or no budget?”
– “What are the biggest wastes of time? The things to avoid?”
– And so on…
My answers are grouped into sections, all of which include resource links. Here are the four sections of this post:
MARKETING
PR AND MEDIA
TRADITIONAL PUBLISHING VERSUS SELF-PUBLISHING
THE CREATIVE PROCESS
As a prelude, here are two books I found useful when selling The 4-Hour Workweek, both as a proposal to publishers and as a finished book to the world:
Write the Perfect Book Proposal: 10 That Sold and Why
Author 101: Bestselling Book Publicity
For the first meaty section, we'll cover marketing, as it's where I get the most questions.
MARKETING
A few quick points to get us started:
Wrangling book blurbs or cover testimonials is one of the biggest wastes of time for new authors. Take the same number of hours and invest them in making a better product and planning your marketing launch. I think one quote per book is more than enough, and a passionate quote from a credible but lesser-known person is FAR better than faint “meh” praise from a famous person.
If you only have time to read one article on marketing, make it 1,000 True Fans by Kevin Kelly, founding editor of Wired Magazine.
In my experience, more than 50% of the CEOs who have bestselling books buy their way onto the lists. I know at least a dozen of them. See The Deception of Bestseller Lists for more detail. I've never done this, as I aim to have books that are bestsellers for years not two weeks. That said, if you're busy and simply want “bestselling author” on your resume, it can be had for a price.
If your book is mediocre, you can still market/promote a book onto the bestseller lists…but only for a week or two, unless you're mega-rich. Long term, book quality and pass-along value is what keeps a tome on the charts. I value the Amazon Most-Highlighted page more than my NYT bestseller stats. The weekly bestseller lists are highly subject to gaming. I'd love to see a shift to monthly bestseller lists.
Now, the meat of this MARKETING section:
12 Lessons Learned While Marketing “The 4-Hour Body”
How to Build a High-Traffic Blog Without Killing Yourself
How Tucker Max Got Rejected by Publishing and Still Hit #1 New York Times
How Does a Bestseller Happen? A Case Study in Hitting #1 on the New York Times (Skip down to “What were the 1-3 the biggest wastes of time and money?”)
Behind-the-scenes mechanics:
How the Various Bestseller Lists Work — New York Times, Wall Street Journal, Etc.
Behind the Scenes: How to Make a Movie Trailer for Your Product (or Book)
How to Create a Viral Book Trailer (or Get 1,000,000 Views for Almost Anything)
PR AND MEDIA
What does one week of a real launch look like for me?
Here's the first week of The 4-Hour Chef launch. It features a complete list of media, in chronological order and broken down by format.
Now, here's how I get that done:
From First TV to Dr. Oz – How to Get Local Media… Then National Media
How to Create a Global Phenomenon for Less Than $10,000
Public Speaking — How I Prepare Every Time
The success of The 4-Hour Workweek is often attributed to an early wave of tech “influencers” who spread the word. Pursuing such influencers requires thoughtfulness, and you can't be overeager. Sadly, most people oversell and make an asshole of themselves, pissing off busy people and getting rightly shunned. Here's how to avoid pitfalls and do it right:
Marc Ecko's 10 Rules for Getting “Influencer” Attention (Be sure to read their interactions in the comments)
TRADITIONAL PUBLISHING VS. SELF-PUBLISHING
Let's showcase four success stories, all using different approaches:
If you're going to use a crowd-funding platform like Kickstarter or Indiegogo to fund your book (and get pre-paid orders, as well as a reader database), the following scripts and tools could save you hundreds of hours:
Hacking Kickstarter: How to Raise $100,000 in 10 Days (Includes Successful Templates, E-mails, etc.)
Now, let's look at the nitty-gritty economics of publishing, as well as how to weigh the pros and cons of self-publishing:
How Authors Really Make Money: The Rebirth of Seth Godin and Death of Traditional Publishing
Tim Ferriss and Ramit Sethi on Self-Publishing vs. Big Publishers (Hint: there are some benefits to big publishers)
For those of you considering selling a book chapter by chapter, here are some relevant thoughts:
A Few Thoughts on Content Creation, Monetization, and Strategy
If you opt to self-publish, you might also need the below. Remember: you'll be your own marketing/PR/advertising department, and you need to know what you're getting into. Never bought advertising? You might have to learn. Not sure on margins? Get sure:
Jedi Mind Tricks: How to Get $250,000 of Advertising for $10,000
The Margin Manifesto: 11 Tenets for Reaching (or Doubling) Profitability in 3 Months
ON NEGOTIATING CONTRACTS, FINDING AGENTS, ETC.
If you're going the traditional route (Read “How Authors Really Make Money” above), you will have to negotiate.
Many books have been written on the subject — I quite like Getting Past No — but here are the two most important things to remember:
They or they who cares the least wins. Have walk-away power and figure out your BATNA.
Options are power. If you can avoid it, never negotiate with one party. Get competing offers on the table.
If you've decided on traditional publishers, I also suggest getting an agent.
I pay a 15% commission on my royalties because I want an experienced, diplomatic bulldog to fight my publishing battles for me. Selling a book to a publisher is easy — if you pitch the right editors, you only need an entertainment attorney to review contracts. But getting a book distributed properly nationwide? Getting the cover you want? Pushing important editorial decisions in your direction? Getting commitments for end-cap displays or seasonal in-store promotion?
All this stuff is massively time-consuming. Epic pain-in-the-ass stuff.
I view my “agent” more like the COO of my publishing business, not as a simple commissioned salesperson. This is one reason I opted to go with a smaller agency instead of a large entertainment agency. The latter tends to be (but is not always) exclusively focused on selling your book rights to the highest bidder. Once that one-night stand is over, they move on to fresh commissionable meat/deals, leaving you to fight the publisher on your own. And trust me: the road from contract to bestseller list is a LOT harder than anything that comes before it.
You can find good agents by looking for contact info under “Major Deals” on Publishers Marketplace/Lunch. I also suggest reading the “Acknowledgments” section in books that you like; the agent will often be thanked. Here's an old story about how I found my agent.
Another reason to have an agent — you'll have your hands busy writing the damn book! That's where your creative process will make or break you. Take it seriously.
THE CREATIVE PROCESS
If you want a “bestselling book” that's worthy of that label, you need a good book.
In my opinion, a mediocre book is more of a liability than no book at all. As the author of The E-Myth Revisited, Michael Gerber, once said to me, “If you're going to write a book, write a fucking book.” Good advice. Follow it.
My stuff isn't Tolstoy quality, but I do take pride in the work I do.
My general recommendation is this: If you can't dedicate at least a year of full-time attention to a book (which might be 70/30 split between writing and PR/promotion), don't bother writing it. There are exceptions of course. Some cocaine-fueled novelists I know can knock out a rough draft of a book in 1-2 weeks (!). I've seen memoirs completed in 1-2 months. But, alas, I'm not fast. I'm slow, what Kurt Vonnegut might call a “basher” or a “plodder,” and I write how-to content that requires a shit-ton of research and first-hand experimentation.
To do that reasonably well, I budget 1-3 years per book project.
It's worth noting here, even though I write my own books, you don't have to. “ghostwriters” exist solely to write books that are credited to other people. Here's a good example of such services. If a current CEO publishes a book, it's fair to assume that they had a professional ghostwriter interview them and pen “their” book. If you're not sure, you can check the acknowledgments or simply compare the writing to their speaking style in interviews. Don't match? Grammar a little too good? Use of “whom” a little conspicuous? That's a ghost at work.
Now, moving onward.
Here are some techniques, tricks, and resources that I've found helpful for nearly any type of writing…
The Good:
Tim Ferriss Interviews Neil Strauss, 7x New York Times Bestselling Author, on the Creative Process
Neil Gaiman – The Best Commencement Speech You May Ever Hear (20 Minutes)
The Odd (And Effective) Routines of Famous Minds like Beethoven, Maya Angelou, and Francis Bacon
Paulo Coelho: How I Write
The Bad (But Critically Useful):
“Productivity” Tricks for the Neurotic, Manic-Depressive, and Crazy (Like Me)
So…You Want to Be a Writer? Read This First.
The Ugly (But Necessary):
The Ugly New York Times Bestseller — The Creative Process in Action
Tim Ferriss: On The Creative Process And Getting Your Work Noticed
AFTERWORD
And that's it!
Did you enjoy this post? Any favorite parts, or things missing? Do you have your own tips about publishing and writing?
Please let me know in the comments! I'll be reading them all.
Posted on: February 4, 2014.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Reddit
Print
Please check out Tribe of Mentors, my newest book, which shares short, tactical life advice from 100+ world-class performers. Many of the world's most famous entrepreneurs, athletes, investors, poker players, and artists are part of the book. The tips and strategies in Tribe of Mentors has already changed my life, and I hope the same for you. Click here for a sample chapter and full details. Roughly 90% of the guests have never appeared on my podcast.
Who was interviewed? Here's a very partial list: tech icons (founders of Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Craigslist, Pinterest, Spotify, Salesforce, Dropbox, and more), Jimmy Fallon, Arianna Huffington, Brandon Stanton (Humans of New York), Lord Rabbi Jonathan Sacks, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Ben Stiller, Maurice Ashley (first African-American Grandmaster of chess), Brené Brown (researcher and bestselling author), Rick Rubin (legendary music producer), Temple Grandin (animal behavior expert and autism activist), Franklin Leonard (The Black List), Dara Torres (12-time Olympic medalist in swimming), David Lynch (director), Kelly Slater (surfing legend), Bozoma Saint John (Beats/Apple/Uber), Lewis Cantley (famed cancer researcher), Maria Sharapova, Chris Anderson (curator of TED), Terry Crews, Greg Norman (golf icon), Vitalik Buterin (creator of Ethereum), and nearly 100 more. Check it all out by clicking here.
Popular PC and console game The Witness finally made its way to the iPhone and iPad tonight with the official release of the iOS version of the game. If you're not familiar with The Witness, it's a 3D Myst-like puzzle adventure game designed by Jonathan Blow, the developer behind popular game Braid.In The Witness, players take on the role of a mystery person who wakes up alone on an island full of puzzles that need to be solved. The idea is to explore the island (which is open world), finish puzzles, and discover your identity.There are more than 500 puzzles to solve and dozens of locations to explore on the island. The game, which took seven years to complete, has been well-received on other platforms both for the gameplay balance and art style.Our sister site TouchArcade has been eagerly awaiting the launch of The Witness since 2011 , when we heard the first hints that the game might eventually be released on iOS devices. TouchArcade has followed its progress since then, and shared the news of its launch tonight.The Witness is priced at $9.99 in the App Store, which is cheaper than the price from Steam or on consoles. In the Mac App Store , for example, it costs $39.99. The Witness is available now on iPad, iPhone, and iPod touch. [ Direct Link
Politicians upset at Parliamentary iPad ban
Relevant offers
Politicians love their gadgets and several are upset security protocols mean they are not permitted to link their new iPads into the Parliamentary computer network.
MPs are provided with BlackBerries, laptops and desk top computers to help them keep on top of the admin, organisation and communication that is part of their job.
However, Parliament's information technology system does not permit Apple products, such as iPhones or iPads.
That was because of security concerns and money, Parliamentary Services manager Geoff Thorn said today.
Parliament was looking at how incorporate Apple products and was working with Vodafone to achieve that.
"The issue that we've got is that if you use an iPhone and we hook that directly into the network then we end up with the potential for applications on the iPhones to bring viruses into the network, that's a security issue that I really can't get past," they said.
"It would be dangerous to have any device connected to the network that can have applications on that bring viruses in, that would bring the entire network down."
If more MPs had iPhones it would be more imperative, they said.
"To provide separate servers to support iPhones is a cost that I am simply unable to afford at the moment."
National MP Jacqui Dean wanted to know why they couldn't access their email and electronic diary on their iPad.
A remote access provider was clunky and slow and MPs wanted to be able to access the system directly on Apple products, they said.
"The huge advantage of the iPad is that it is extremely quick and convenient and when you're busy that is extremely advantageous."
National's Nikki Kaye said having one device, instead of several, could eventually save taxpayers money.
Labour MP Chris Hipkins said some staff members were forwarding emails to personal Gmail accounts to enable them to access them on iPhones.
Mr Thorn said while that endangered the security of their own information it did not risk the network.
"I'm not going to do anything that releases your information. If you do then that is your concern," they said.
- NZPA
GUWAHATI: From 2016, if you are travelling from Guwahati to Imphal and Moreh, via Dimapur, by road, you will actually be driving on the Asian Highway (AH-1), which is a part of the India-Myanmar-Thailand Trilateral Highway that will connect Moreh to Mae Sot in Thailand , via Mandalay and Yangon in Myanmar The road will be further linked to Cambodia, Laos and Vietnam The India-Myanmar-Thailand (IMT) road corridor is one of the highways of the Trans-Asian Highway network, comprising 1,41,000 km of roads passing through 32 member countries and being pursued by United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and Pacific (UNESCAP). The network extends from Tokyo in the east to Kapikule, Turkey, in the west and from Torpynovka, Russian Federation, in the north, to Denpasar Indonesia , in the south.The crucial IMT Motor Vehicle Agreement (MVA), which will help seamless movement of cargo and passenger, including private vehicles, across borders, is scheduled to be signed during a proposed transport ministers-level meeting of three countries in Myanmar in November, 2015, and is expected to be operational in 2016. government spokesperson stated a meeting of the secretaries of transport of India, Myanmar and Thailand was held in Bangkok on July 13 and 14 for reaching a consensus on the signing and operationalization of the IMT MVA The AH-1 will start from Tokyo (connected by ferry) and run through Seoul, Beijing, Ho Chi Minh City, Phnom to Mae Sot, Yangon, Mandalay, Tamu, Moreh, Imphal, Kohima , Dimapur, Nagaon, Jorabat (Guwahati), Shillong , Dawki, Sylhet, Dhaka, Kolkata, Kanpur, New Delhi, Attari, Lahore, Rawalpindi, Peshawar, Kabul, Istanbul till the border of Bulgaria The northeastern part of the highway will be known as AH-2 if one is travelling from the Indonesian capital city of Denpasar to Jakarta , Singapore (connected by ferry), Bangkok, Mandalay, Tamu, Moreh, Imphal, Kohima, Dimapur, Nagaon, Jorabat (Guwahati), Shillong, Dawki, Sylhet, Dhaka, Siliguri, Kakarbhitta, Mahendranagar, New Delhi, Attari, Lahore, Quetta and Salafchegan ( Tehran ).
San Diego-based emcee Tiny Doo (Brandon Duncan) has no criminal record. Yet, thanks to an obscure California law, they are facing life in prison because they cut an album that "benefits" from crimes committed by fellow gang members.
According to News10 in San Diego, Duncan has made their gang affiliation clear in their music, including their latest album No Safety. That's why last week they were one of 14 gang members facing attempted murder charges in a preliminary hearing, even though they are not actually tied to any of the crimes.
Prosecutor were able to include Doo -- who has rapped with Lil Wayne -- in the group because in 2000 California voters passed a law that allows for the prosecution of gang members if they benefit from crimes committed by other gang members. The state is arguing that Duncan's gang status helped them sell albums.
Duncan is the first person to be tried under the law. This week, a judge will decide if the case -- which involves nine shootings and carries with it penalties of up to life in prison -- goes to trial.
"It's shocking. They have no criminal record. Nothing in their lyrics say go out and commit a crime. Nothing in their lyrics reference these shootings, yet they are holding them liable for conspiracy. There are huge constitutional issues," said Brian Watkins, Duncan's attorney.
Thomas Jefferson School of Law professor Alex Kreit agrees with Watkins.
"Where does that end if that's the definition of criminal liability? Is Martin Scorsese going to be prosecuted if they meet with mafia members for a movie for their next film?" said Kreit. "The Constitution says it can't be a crime to simply make gangster rap songs and hang out with people that are committing crimes. You have to have more involvement than that."
From 00:00 UTC on the 10th March until 23:59 UTC on the 14th March, collect lightweight feathers to put towards the new Nimble and Fletcher's skilling outfits. Lightweight feathers can be won on Treasure Hunter or earned while training Agility and Fletching.
First, click on the feathers in your inventory to teleport yourself to Drill Sergeant Hartman in Burthorpe, or speak to Alison Elmshaper in Taverley. Both will let you trade your feathers for outfit pieces or lamps. Each outfit piece will require 500 feathers and each time you obtain one you'll get XP equivalent to a large lamp in the related skill.
Every outfit piece you wear, grants 1% bonus while training its related skill, with an additional 1% set bonus if you wear all five pieces. If you already own both of them, you can wear Silverhawk boots in place of Nimble boots, to give you the additional 1% bonus. So, you could get the full 6% set bonus by wearing the four other Nimble items with the Silverhawk boots.
If you have lightweight feathers to spare, you can also purchase the medium XP lamps for 75 feathers each.
Lightweight feathers will be removed from game on the 28th March 2016 so make sure you use them before then!
Ironman accounts can collect feathers from doing Agility and Fletching in the same way as everyone else, however they will not be able to receive the outfit pieces.
Enjoy!
Have fun and get all of the XP! Don't forget to let us know what you think of this week's Prismania event over on the forums.
The RuneScape Team
What is Treasure Hunter?
Treasure Hunter is playable from within RuneScape, allowing players to use Keys to claim in-game items as prizes. These range from useful resources to rare weapons and exclusive gear.
Playing Treasure Hunter is simple - click the treasure chest icon that pops up when you log in. If you've not played before, just follow the on-screen guide.
Everyone gets at least one Key per day, and RuneScape members get two. You can earn more Keys while playing the game, or stock up by redeeming Bonds.
If you'd like more, you can also buy Keys on the website, or by clicking 'Buy Keys' within the Treasure Hunter interface in-game.
When E.T. is typing on the toy, they press the "E" button when we hear the toy say "F" in the spelling "S-W-V-U-A-F-P" See more
In the 2002 special edition release, the movie opens with a sillouette of E.T. in basket with Elliot on bike flying in front of the Universal logo. See more
Alternate Versions
Some of the audio revisions made for the 2002 Special Edition are retained on the 7.1 track for the 30th Anniversary Blu-ray (which is otherwise the original 1982 cut). Most notably, the first medical scene (just after the face of Keys is revealed for the first time) was significantly remixed with a more natural ambience and different incidental dialogue from the doctors. The original, more atmospheric sound design for the scene can be heard on the Blu-ray's 2.0 track. See more
Shocking video footage shows Mexican immigrant parents encouraging their 3-year-old daughter to repeatedly say, “We have to kill Donald Trump.”
“We're going to kill Donald Trump,” states the toddler, to which the mother responds, “Why are we going to kill Donald Trump?”
“Because he's bad,” responds the child.
“That's right,” replies the mother.
“We have to kill him,” continues the toddler.
“Why is they bad?” asks the father.
“Because they want to take away our family,” responds the child.
The mother then encourages the child to make a third death threat against Trump, asking, “So what are we going to do then?”
“We're going to kill him,” the child re-asserts.
Minors mouthing profanities aimed at Donald Trump are nothing new – many of them have attended anti-Trump rallies across the country, but to hear the parents of a 3-year-old girl encouraging violent rhetoric is a new level of absurdity.
Back in December, a street food outlet in Portland called El Diablito celebrated its grand opening by having children batter a Donald Trump effigy.
Video footage shows one child shouting, “I want to kill him!” before the pinata is decapitated.
As we have repeatedly documented, the media has blamed Donald Trump for violence at their events while continually absolving the very people responsible for such violence – Bernie Sanders supporters – of blame.
SUBSCRIBE on YouTube:
Follow-on Twitter: Follow @PrisonPlanet
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/paul.j.watson.71
*********************
Paul Joseph Watson is the editor at large of Infowars.com and Prison Planet.com.
Hull FC coach Lee Radford has given the thumbs up to their club's dual-registration link with Doncaster RLFC.
Under the system, several of Hull's exciting young prospects – some of whom played against Doncaster at the weekend - could be made available to the Dons.
“Even though we are running an under-23 side this year I'm still happy to let players come to Doncaster and we are hoping that they are going to be contenders next season,” Radford told The Star.
“Some of the under-23 games won't be as strong as others.
“Playing the likes of Wigan will be a real test for our young guys whereas a Championship side's second team probably isn't going to be as good a hit as playing for Doncaster against teams such as Keighley. They will learn more playing at League One level.
“The dual-registration has worked well with Doncaster over the last couple of seasons,” they added.
“We've had a good relationship with Carl Hall for a long time and they have always made our boys feel welcome and hopefully that will continue.”
Skipper Kyle Kesik, who missed Sunday's defeat, is set to return against fellow League One side Oxford this weekend.
“He got a bang on their shoulder in training and would probably have played had it been a league game but I didn't want to risk it in a friendly,” said coach Gary Thornton.
Thornton is hoping that most of the players currently injured, none of whom are expected to play on Sunday, will feature in the final warm-up game against Leeds Rhinos at the Keepmoat on February 7.
Supreme Court To Examine The Dividing Line Between Threats And Speech
from the so,-maybe-hold-off-on-the-Facebook-rap-battle-for-now dept
The Supreme Court has decided to take up a case dealing with the idea of the theoretic "reasonable person" and how this supposedly objective standard holds up when dealing with alleged threats. This case features a very unsympathetic appellant -- one who has a history of making unpleasant comments online.
Pennsylvania man Anthony Elonis has historically enjoyed saying outrageous things on Facebook, such as how they would like to murder their estranged wife; shoot up an elementary school; sneak into an amusement park they were fired from to wreak havoc; slit the throats of a female co-worker and a female FBI agent; and use explosives on the state police, the sheriff's department, and any SWAT team that might come to their house. Elonis has never actually done any of these things, but they did spend the last three and a half years in prison for saying that they would. This week, the Supreme Court said it's going to re-examine the case, meaning we'll get a federal decision on whether threats made online need to be made seriously to send the threat-maker to jail, or just need to be taken seriously by a reasonable person threatened.
Fakhoury says threats made online should be where police investigations start, not where prosecutions start.
"We've tolerated stupid speech a long time in this country, and we shouldn't let the Internet shake that balance," says Fakhoury. "We need a holistic approach to problems, not just, 'If you say a threat on the Internet, you're going to jail.'"
Elonis' argument is that their threats were just "rap lyrics" intended to be read by only their friends. They also argue they never targeted anyone (ex-wife, schools, FBI) with these comments (specifically pointing to the fact that they never "tagged" any of their "targets" using Facebook's notification system) and that the supposed threats were taken out of context -- that context being that Elonis was known for posting outrageous comments.The lesson here seems to be that seeking negative attention from the internet also tends to net you additional attention from law enforcement, especially if your background isn't exactly clean. Elonis apparently harassed coworkers to the point of being fired from an amusement park job and some Facebook comments fantasizing/threatening violence towards their ex-wife prompted a real-life restraining order.One of the problems with Elonis' case is that it asks the Court to find in favor of a very unsympathetic individual. It also asks it to ignore the objective standard so many courts have used and begin applying a subjective standard -- something more aligned with the reality of internet communication. There are other cases out there with more sympathetic protagonists, like Justin Carter, a teen who was arrested and thrown in jail (and held with a $500,000 bail) over some post-video game trash talking that included a mention of shooting up a school. To make the case against Carter, the comment was stripped of its context and presented as the teen's sincere desire to kill schoolchildren.Social media interactions, when robbed of context, can often appear to be much more dangerous than they actually are. Simply holding that the reasonable person would view one specific comment or post as threatening hurts not only seemingly more "dangerous" people like Elonis, but also those who never truly uttered a threat (like Justin Carter). Since we can't expect the theoretical "reasonable person" to have access to the surrounding context, we expect the court to consider this along with the reasonable person's point of view.It has long been known that people are more willing to say divisive and controversial things on the internet -- stuff they certainly wouldn't say in person. To hold these interactions to a "reasonable person" standard ignores the fact that the internet isn't particularly known for "reasonable" interactions. There's likely no "bright line" to be found here. Not everything threatening said online should be treated as a threat, but on the other hand, the tendency of internet interactions to be more exaggerated than those in real life shouldn't be used as a shield against criminal charges.Hanni Fakhoury, a lawyer for the Electronic Freedom Foundation, makes a very good point -- one that could head off a lot of high-level court discussions over the "reasonable person" viewpoint.As we've often stated here, supposed threats should very definitely be investigated. But these investigations not only need to take into account whether the person has the means to carry them out, but also the surrounding context. It's simply not enough to declare something a threat because someone felt threatened -- a word some people deploy when they actually mean "appalled" or "offended." But that's often how these prosecutions start -- a very subjective situation which is only held to a supposedlyviewpoint long after someone's already been jailed and gone to trial.
Filed Under: anthony elonis, context, free speech, social media, speech, threats
The popularity of TypeScript has really exploded recently. I like TypeScript, and I like static types. I don't use TypeScript, but as type systems go, it's got some great features. It's structural rather than nominal, meaning that it works basically like automatic duck typing rather than name or identity based type checking. That is a good fit for dynamic languages like JavaScript.
What I don't like is that a lot of people think that TypeScript solves a problem that it doesn't actually solve — at least, not to any significant degree.
The famous marketing rhetoric is “large-scale web applications are hard without static types”. It's true that static types power some really great developer tools such as jump to definition and automatic refactoring, and those tools feel like they make us more productive. (And may actually make us more productive, we need more study on the real benefits of static types).
But many people believe that static types help you reduce the number of bugs that get into the application. It's undeniably true that static types catch a significant subclass of bugs, but is it really true that static types reduce over-all bug density?
Static Types Give You a False Sense of Security
A couple of recent studies used the rich data available on GitHub to put the bug density question to the test, and the results are… well… not that hot, actually:
“Whilst not conclusive, the lack of evidence in the charts that more advanced type languages are going to save us from writing bugs is very disturbing.” — Daniel Lebrero, “The Broken Promise of Static Typing”
Static types fared slightly better in a more formal study: “A Large Scale Study of Programming Languages and Code Quality in Github” from Baishakhi Ray, Daryl Posnett, Vladimir Filkov, Premkumar T Devanbu, from UC Davis:
“The data indicates functional languages are better than procedural languages; it suggests that strong typing is better than weak typing; that static typing is better than dynamic; and that managed memory usage is better than unmanaged.”
Now that's more like it! Except:
“While these relationships are statistically significant, the effects are quite small.” [Emphasis added.]
In fact, I'm not aware of any empirical evidence that static types have a strong impact on bug density.
So in spite of the cool developer tooling they enable, static types don't actually help reduce over-all bug density by very much. Why?
Type correctness does not guarantee program correctness.
If you haven't exercised the code, you really have no idea whether or not it works. Sure, you can know whether or not a variable has been defined, or whether or not a function is passing an array instead of an object, but as it turns out:
There are a lot of other ways to express bugs in your programs type checking won't catch, and…
A lot of other ways to catch type related bugs.
So What Really Does Reduce Bug Density?
Test Driven Development (TDD). Specifically, test-first methodology.
TDD to the rescue.
Some good studies have been conducted on the effects of TDD. There are several good meta studies, and the famous study from Microsoft, IBM, and Springer. The Springer study showed 40% — 90% reduction in bug density relative to similar projects that did not use the test-first practice. Many other studies have found similar results, comparing test-first to test-after, and no tests at all, with impressive reductions in bug density for test-first (which fares significantly better than test-after) mostly falling in the range of 40% — 80%.
In other words, TDD can effectively cut your shipping bug density in half, and there's plenty of evidence to back up that claim.
Should You Give TypeScript a Try?
You still may want to use static types, but if you're going to opt into static types, do it because of the cool benefits they really do provide, and not because of their supposed bug-catching abilities.
I was impressed enough with TypeScript that it's the primary influence on rtype: a type notation designed to complement standard JavaScript. Why didn't I just use TypeScript?
I worry about building up a large codebase using TypeScript, only to have the ECMAScript spec introduce conflicting keywords and type features such as `interface` and `implements`.
The advantage of using the TypeScript compiler is that even if that happens, you can just compile away the differences. The disadvantage is that you're not really writing standard JavaScript anymore. I predict that TypeScript won't be able to maintain its position as a superset of JavaScript. I believe it will inevitably diverge over the years.
And that's my bigger concern, because I teach JavaScript, and I want what I teach applying to a very broad number of developers using various frameworks and developer tools.
You probably don't have that concern, but your codebase still needs to be easy for other developers to learn and contribute to, and you as an individual need to be able to adapt if you join a team that doesn't use TypeScript.
Right now, even though it's growing rapidly, TypeScript has a tiny user base compared to the whole JavaScript language at large, or even jQuery, but it's on an impressive trajectory. It's already dominating the compile-to-JavaScript alternatives by a healthy margin.
Some tools are worth the tradeoffs. It's not right for me right now, but maybe you'll like it. If you haven't experienced Microsoft's Code IDE paired with TypeScript, it's worth kicking the tires. You might fall in love.
Conclusion
When it comes to bug reduction, I think it's fair to say:
Static types are overrated.
But when it comes to other features, static types are still cool, and may still be worth using.
Bottom line:
You want to reduce bugs? Use TDD. You want useful code intelligence tools? Use static types.
Robbie Hummel's brief but memorable rap career
Buy Photo Former Purdue star and current Minnesota Timberwolves forward Robbie Hummel flirted with a rap career on Twitter. (Photo: Michael Heinz)
During their Purdue career, Robbie Hummel built a loyal fan following with their work ethic and all-around talents. Earlier this week, Boilermakers coach Matt Painter referenced Hummel when discussing players who contributed point guard duties without playing the position.
But even though Hummel displays a Twitter page profile photo alongside rap superstar Snoop Lion/Dogg, few anticipated the latest example of Hummel's versatility.
On Wednesday evening, Hummel posted the photo below on their Instagram account, with the message: "Excited to announce that I've been in the studio grinding and have finally finished my first hip hop studio album, ROB: Road to Redemption. Look for it in stores and on iTunes this fall. #getmysnareup #turnmyheadphonesup!!!"
Among those who did a double-take when they saw the 6-foot-8, 220-pound Valparaiso native's announcement: the Timberwovles' public relations department.
You get hacked, bro? RT @RobbieHummel Excited to announce that I've finally finished my first hip hop… http://t.co/CBZi37WLeb — Timberwolves PR (@Twolves_PR) August 27, 2014
Hummel assured their employer this was a legit endeavor, and even reached out to one of the biggest names in the business.
Hey @50cent have a big opportunity for a track on my new cd...let's get @JustBlaze in the studio and drop the track #ROB:RoadtoRedemption — Robbie Hummel (@RobbieHummel) August 27, 2014
Eventually, Hummel invited their followers to sample is creations at mixtape hosting site datpiff.com. Then they offered a small taste of their talents.
219 On my grind Got them haters on my mind The ACL Can burn in hell Ride of die From Parker drive. #dropthemic#ThoseBarsAreTooCold — Robbie Hummel (@RobbieHummel) August 28, 2014
Yet this morning, Hummel announced that they aren't giving up their day job.
I'm sorry to say but I feel I have accomplished all I can in the hip hop game...and am I announcing my retirement effective immediately — Robbie Hummel (@RobbieHummel) August 28, 2014
While one former teammate wasn't impressed, another former Purdue star athlete offered their congratulations.
@RobbieHummel you gave it a helluva run — Ryan Kerrigan (@RyanKerrigan91) August 28, 2014
UPDATE: This afternoon, Hummel confessed what most suspected. This was all in good fun.
Haha ok since people still think I'm making a rap album...it was all a joke..I was in a studio recording a voiceover for a commercial — Robbie Hummel (@RobbieHummel) August 28, 2014
Read or Share this story: http://on.jconline.com/1tOvesj
Warning for drone users: Flying near brush fires, rescues is illegal, dangerous Copyright by KHON - All rights reserved Video
Firefighters are mopping up hot spots from a brush fire in Hawaii Kai.
The fire sparked Wednesday and burned roughly 20 acres.
On Thursday morning, the Honolulu Fire Department's helicopter made water drops, but fire officials say just as the chopper lifted off, they spotted a drone flying over homes.
It was only up for a short amount of time, but HFD wants to remind people that airspace near fires or rescues is restricted.
The Federal Aviation Administration says it sees a number of cases nationwide every year in which drones interfere with brush fire operations.
Here in Hawaii, fire officials say they have seen an increase in drone activity.
If drone users aren't careful, they could delay HFD's missions and even put the public in danger.
"For any HFD operations, drones are supposed to be landed and not flown around the operations, because you never know if we are going to bring Air One in," said Battalion Chief Geoffrey Chang. "Everyone wants to get a good shot of the action, but that does pose a safety hazard for all of us."
Fire officials say if there is a drone hovering nearby, Air One won't take off, which delays the emergency response.
"If there is a collision, it could cause a malfunction in the aircraft. All our firefighters and our pilot in the aircraft are in jeopardy, and also whoever is under the helicopter if it does have to land or crash on the ground," said Chang.
Experts say drones can fly as high as 400 feet, "but when certain rescue operations are taking place, aircraft can fly as low as necessary. That is why you are not supposed to fly drones in the same areas," explained Alex Volobuev, drone pilot and instructor at Hawaii Drone Academy.
"Most times, if the person using the drone is unaware that we are operating in the area, we can go up to them. They almost always will just land their drone and go away," said Chang.
Drone users who do not follow the law can be fined anywhere from $1,400 to $32,000. They can even face criminal charges.
Anytime you buy a drone, information of where you can and cannot fly is provided, but Volobuev says there can never be enough information.
"As a drone community, we have to make every possible step to do community outreach and explain to people, this is the new industry and we have to be extremely cautious," they said.
Fire officials say the person flying the drone Thursday morning saw Air One and landed their drone immediately.
Real estate developer Marunaka Holdings Co. has been told by a court to pay for Chongryon's Tokyo headquarters building and land by Dec. 8, the company said Monday.
Marunaka, the successful bidder for the property, vowed to pay the bid price of ¥2.21 billion by the deadline.
The pro-Pyongyang group Chongryon is also known as the General Association of Korean Residents in Japan.
As soon as the Tokyo District Court confirms the payment, Marunaka will acquire ownership of the building, which has functioned as North Korea's de facto embassy in the absence of diplomatic relations between Tokyo and Pyongyang.
The developer, which has said it is buying the property for investment purposes, is expected to demand that Chongryon vacate the building immediately.
If the group refuses to do so, Marunaka may apply to the court for compulsory seizure of the building.
The court decided in 2012 to auction the property as requested by the government-backed Resolution and Collection Corp. to raise money to help cover the group's heavy debt.
The court selected Marunaka, based in Kagawa Prefecture, as the successful bidder last March after a Mongolian firm that had made a higher bid was disqualified on procedural grounds.
In May, Chongryon appealed against a Tokyo High Court decision upholding the district court's decision to approve the sale of the property to Marunaka. The Supreme Court rejected the appeal on Nov. 4.
If you're like me, then you love finding out that your favorite celebrity just went vegan – or at least joined a ‘21-Day vegan challenge' or ‘meatless monday'.
But you know what's even better? Finding out that your favorite ATHLETE is vegan.
Unlike pop stars or writers, athletes only get famous when their strength, skills and fitness are extraordinary – and everyone knows that these people need an outstanding diet to fuel their perfect bodies.
So when an elite athlete proudly claims to be vegan, that's the definite proof that veganism is suitable for an active lifestyle – and that all those myths about lack of protein are nothing but nonsense.
To honor those legendary human beings who excel in their sports without exploiting and killing animals while acting as a source of inspiration to all of us, we've put together a list with vegan athletes that will end any discussion about whether veganism is a healthy choice.
Badass Vegan Athletes: THE LIST
The incredibly ripped lady in the picture is Jehina Malik, a competitive bodybuilder from New York who has been training since they were 19 and is vegan since birth! Although it's hard to believe it, they say they used to be skinny and small – and that was what got them into bodybuilding.
Being the first ‘vegan since birth' to earn an IFBB Pro card, Jehina is aiming to break all stereotypes and barriers that suggest that vegans cannot be bodybuilders.
2014 NPC Universe – 3rd Women's Physique
2013 NPC Eastern USA – 1st Women's Bodybuilding Lightweight, 1st Overall Women's Physique Open
2012 NPC Steve Stone NY Mets – 1st Women's Bodybuilding Lightweight
Ever heard of freerunning, that crazy sport where people run and jump over obstacles and leap between buildings? It goes without saying that you need to be insanely strong to even attempt to do those things, and Tim Shieff is one of the best at it.
He's the winner of the 2009 World Freerunning Championships and has been on TV shows like American Ninja Warrior and MTV's Ultimate Parkour Challenge. But what got them to this list is that they use their anti-gravity skills to draw attention to veganism and animal rights.
They were introduced to freerunning when they were 16, but when they found out about veganism they started to support the cause with amazing stunts, and was even arrested for it. As they put it: “With what we've been given, what message can we promote that helps the greater good?” That's a great question we can ask ourselves – Tim is obviously doing their part.
Fiona Oakes is a Vegan Society ambassador and elite marathon runner, holding 3 World Marathon titles and having completed over 40 marathons. One of their amazing feats is running marathons on all seven continents and the freaking North Pole, where they set a new course record by 44 minutes.
But Fiona is not just an athlete who went vegan – they are actually a vegan who became an athlete to help spread the cause: “I am not an athlete for myself. I am doing it for the benefit of others, which makes me work much harder.”
And as if all the running was not enough, Fiona also works on their own animal sanctuary, Tower Hill Stables, home to over 400 ex-farm and domestic animals.
“I honestly believe that the most benefit to me being vegan is that I do not carry the burden of guilt that I would have to endure knowing that I abused others for my own ‘benefit'.” – Fiona Oakes
Cam is a champion boxer, having won the US title in 2008, 2010, 2013 and 2014 as well as the Golden Gloves in 2009, 2011 and 2013 as a super heavyweight. You can check their long list of titles here.
Cam went vegan after losing a bet and having to do a 28 day vegan challenge, but after that they decided they wanted to keep going – that was many years ago and he's been a vegan ever since.
They say that their athletic performance has improved after transitioning to a plant-based diet, and their recovery time also got better. When asked about “where they get their protein”, Cam says that protein myths are due to marketing induced fear.
But what I admire the most about Cam are their views on veganism:
“I think vegans should be less judgmental and more welcoming. If we want people to stop eating meat and join the vegan club, we better become more appealing as a people.” – Cam Awesome
“Though I would love for the world to be 100% vegan, I'd rather people be 20% than 0%. That's why I'm not one of those extremist vegans. I love the lifestyle and I would like as many people to join in it as possible.” – Cam Awesome
That stunning lady on the pic is an american pro surfer who won the Gold medal at the Open Women's World Surfing Championship 2015 and successfully defended the title by winning the 2016 edition.  They are the living proof that you can stay at the top of your game without the consumption of animal products.
Tia was raised in a vegetarian family, but it was only when they were 15 that they watched the documentary Glass Walls and read The China Study, and decided that they wanted to go vegan. But don't think that being a world-class athlete makes it easy for them being a vegan: “I definitely get my haters,” they say. “Even when I was vegetarian not everyone agreed with it, obviously. But I don't push my beliefs on others. I express the benefits if people are asking, and in my case people were asking.”
If you follow them on social, you'll notice that Tia eat super healthy: “every morning I make a juice with banana, kale, chard, cacao, flax seeds, broccoli, frozen mango, berries, and coconut water.” Watch this video to see what they eat in a day.
Steph is one of the world's leading female climbers, and has completed some of the hardest routes in the world.  They are famous for being the first woman to free-climb El Captain (thanks to reader Dustin Juarte for the information!). Besides climbing rocks, they also do base-jump and skydive, so you could say she's pretty badass.
She's been a vegan since 2003, and says there's nothing in their life that hasn't become better as a result, from climbing and athletics to mental and spiritual well being. When asked why they chose a vegan diet, they give the following answer:
“I think we can all agree that hurting defenseless creatures is not ideal. What can we do to start making changes in a positive way? And if it just so happens that changing our lifestyle leads to environmental benefits, health benefits, economic benefits, and positive social change, then all the better.” – Steph Davis
If there's anyone who still thinks you need to consume animal products in order to get strong, this big guy here will put an end to the discussion.
Patrik Baboumian is an absolute beast. This Iranian-born is Germany's strongest man and has broken several world records for strength competitions, like beer keg lifting (150kg) and yoke-walk (560kg).
Yep, you read that right. This vegan can lift 560kg and walk for 28 seconds while carrying the load – THAT'S OVER HALF A FREAKING TON. That was the most weight ever carried by a human being, and that human being happens to be vegan!
Baboumian recently became the new face for PETA campaigns, claiming that you can obviously get massive strength gains on a vegan diet. If you wanna know what they eat, check this video.
Oh, and if you wanna compare your lifts in the gym with Patrick, their personal bests are:
Bench press = 210kg
Squat = 360kg
Deadlift = 360kg.
“There are plenty of plant-based protein sources and your body is going to thank you for stopping feeding it with dead-food. Go vegan and feel the power!” – Patrik Baboumian
“Do we really have to kill in order to live? My strength needs no victims, my strength comes from compassion.” – Patrik Baboumian
Yes, you can be vegan and strong. Wanna arm wrestle over it?
Alexey is a Russian athlete who won gold at the Arm Wrestling World Championships. And they did it nine times. What? Not badass enough? Ok, they also won two gold medals at the Olympics in the Bobsleigh. And did I mention he's a raw vegan?
Veganism is not very popular in Russia – in fact, it was banned during the Soviet Union! But now, thanks to elite athletes like Alexey Voevoda, people are realizing that you really don't need to consume animal products in order to be healthy and strong.
“I've noticed so many benefits since becoming vegan. First, I no longer eat the suffering and pain of defenceless animals. Secondly, my body has become lighter, so to say “clearer”. Thirdly, in my profession, flexibility and elasticity are incredibly important, and I increased both of these. And fourthly, now I almost never suffer from a cold or flu.” – Alexey Voevoda
Kendrick Farris is an Olympic weightlifter from the USA who managed to finish 11th in the 94 kg weight category on the 2016 Olympics. He's also broken the U.S. record by lifting a total of 377kg.
As every parent, this man wanted to be a role model for their kids, so when their second kid was born in 2014, they decided to go vegan and set the example.
They claim that a plant-based diet has caused their body to recover much faster, they are able to think clearer, and their focus is increased.
“I don't agree with the way the animals are mass-slaughtered. So that's one thing that kind of got me looking at a vegan diet.” – Kendrick Farris
Known as ‘The Vascular Vegetarian', wrestler Austin Aries has been the longest reigning Ring of Honour (ROH) World Champion, ROH Tag Team World Champion, and TNA World Heavyweight Champion. They also won the TNA World Tag Team Championship, making them one of one five wrestlers to have won the Triple Crown.
Besides crushing their opponents, Austin Aries has also written a book for all those who want to contribute to the positive change in the world and are ready to broaden their horizons when it comes to what they put in their body.
“At the core, eating other creatures doesn't appeal to me.” – Austin Aries
“I'm vegan because I give a damn.” – Austin Aries
Brendan is one of the world's leading authorities on plant-based performance nutrition.
This Canadian is a former Ironman triathlete, author, and vegan advocate. They wrote several books about nutrition and fitness, created the world-famous Vega brand of food products and supplements, and started Thrive Food Direct, a delivery service for plant-based meals. What an accomplished fella!
Every week, Brendan runs about 130 kilometres, swims six or seven hours, cycles about 700 kilometres – and says they love every minute of it!
“Society makes killing an animal completely acceptable and anonymous. Others do all the messy work (breeding, raising, killing), all you as the consumer has to do is walk into a friendly, clean supermarket in the shopping mall and buy a piece of meat wrapped with a cartoon picture of a smiling cow on it.” – Brendan Brazier
Well, I must admit that this man looks amazing. Who would think that they don't eat meat, huh? Derek Tresize has been vegan for ten years now.
They have got a certificate in Plant-Based Nutrition, holds a Bachelor degree of Science in Biology, is a trainer and a professional bodybuilder. Plus, Derek has quite a list of achievements, including second place at 2015 WNBF Pro Universe: Pro Men's Physique.
Derek is an inspiration for many athletes, and they believe in future of vegan bodybuilding. Well, you're doing great Derek!
“Veganism means living a healthy and compassionate life. Choosing foods, occupations, and activities that nourish your body, helping others and doing as little harm to the world around you as possible is all part veganism to me.” – Derek Tresize
Holy cow!
Torre Washington has been a bodybuilder since 2009, and vegan since 1998. They see their lifestyle as an advantage over their competitors, since they claim to be much healthier, feels great, and recovers faster, being able to train and give their best all the time.
Washington advocates for veganism to their global fan base and brings awareness to the animals cause, as well as the need to heal mother earth through living the vegan lifestyle. He's even been awarded the Humane Hero Award by the Florida Humane League in 2016!
“My commitment to being vegan is to share with the world how human beings can exist holistically with all beings and not only survive, but thrive as a vegan” – Torre Washington
Conclusion
Well, that wraps up our list of badass vegan athletes. I'm sure there are more of them, and I'll update this page as I discover who they are.
I hope this list will put an end to those questions about whether a plant-based diet is good for your body. You don't have to choose between an ethic and compassionate lifestyle OR strength and performance – a vegan diet can provide BOTH.
If you have friends who always give you a hard-time for being vegan, then just share this list on their timelines. You'll be helping spread veganism, and at the same time presenting solid arguments on why they should give it a go!
Thanks for visiting VeganProteinGuide.com, and I'll see you on the next post!
WASHINGTON — President Trump rarely says they need their hand held for anything. Unless he's around President Emmanuel Macron of France.
“He's a great guy — smart, strong, loves holding my hand,” Mr. Trump joked about their French counterpart in an Oval Office interview with The New York Times on Wednesday.
“People don't realize, they love holding my hand — that's good!” the president said of Mr. Macron, who invited Mr. Trump to attend Bastille Day festivities in Paris last week.
The budding warmth in their relationship follows an initially awkward first encounter at a NATO meeting in Brussels in May, during which Mr. Macron firmly shook Mr. Trump's hand to signal that they would not be intimidated. In the weeks after, Mr. Trump said they intended to withdraw the United States from the Paris climate accord, a move they anticipated would frustrate Mr. Macron.
Having been an expat in Mumbai, I'm always looking for food that transports me back to the three years I spent there, and was intrigued when a friend told me about the inordinate amount of Indo-Chinese food in the neighboring suburban towns of Edison and Iselin, N.J., a vibrant Little India renowned for having excellent Indo-Chinese food, a cuisine that is proof that Indians can make any culture's food uniquely their own.
The Indo-Chinese food in Edison and Iselin is quick and decadent: made to share, intrinsically spicy and as suitable for takeout as it is for eating in. On Oak Tree Road, which is home to more than 200 Indian-owned businesses, including sari shops and jewelers, I ate at a half-dozen places. They are more than the sum of their parts, best experienced as part of an Indo-Chinese food crawl, which can be as much a feat of gastronomic endurance as a culinary field trip.
William Sager, University of Houston
Geophysicists have discovered what they say is the largest single volcano on Earth, a 650-kilometre-wide beast the size of the British Isles lurking beneath the waters of the northwest Pacific Ocean.
The megavolcano has been inactive for some 140 million years. But its very existence will help geophysicists to set limits on how much magma can be stored in Earth's crust and pour out onto the surface. It also shows that Earth can produce volcanoes on par with Olympus Mons on Mars, which, at 625 kilometres across, was until now the biggest volcano known in the Solar System.
“This says that here on Earth we have analogous volcanoes to the big ones we find on Mars,” says William Sager, a marine geologist at the University of Houston in Texas. “I'm not sure anybody would have guessed that.” Sager and their colleagues describe the structure, named Tamu Massif, in Nature Geoscience on 8 September1. ‘Tamu' is an acronym for Texas A&M University in College Station, where Sager was formerly employed.
Tamu Massif has been long known as one of three large mountains that make up an underwater range called the Shatsky Rise. The rise, about 1,500 kilometres east of Japan, formed near a junction where three plates of Earth's crust once pulled apart.
Shallow rock cores from Tamu had previously revealed that it was made of lava. But geologists thought that the mountain, which rises 4 kilometres from the sea floor, might have built up from several volcanoes erupting such that their lava merged into one pile. The islands of Hawaii and Iceland were built this way.
Sager and their colleagues were startled by findings they made after sailing the research vessel Marcus G. Langseth over Tamu in 2010 and 2012. They used air guns to send seismic waves through the mountain, and monitored the reflections. The seismic waves penetrated several kilometres into the massif — and showed that all of its lava flows dipped away from the volcano's summit, implying a central magma vent. “From whatever angle you look at it, the lava flows appear to come from the centre of this thing,” says Sager.
Over time, the lava coursed downhill and then solidified, building up a volcano with a long, low profile similar to that of a shield laid on the ground. The world's biggest active shield volcano, Mauna Loa on Hawaii, has an areal footprint just 15% of Tamu's — but Mauna Loa is taller, rising 9 kilometres from sea floor to summit.
Scott Bryan, a geologist at the Queensland University of Technology in Brisbane, Australia, warns that not all of Tamu may have come from a single magma vent. There could be separate sources, deeper than the seismic waves penetrated, that could have oozed out lava and inflated the mountain from below, they say.
Because ship time is at a premium, the study is one of the first to peer at the internal geometry of these massive underwater mountains. It is possible that other megavolcanoes are waiting to be discovered. “There may be bigger ones out there,” says Sager.
A Toronto-area hospital said that the medical records of a second group of new mothers may have been inappropriately accessed in a major privacy breach first identified in the spring.
In May, Rouge Valley Health Services said that two former staff members had accessed names, addresses and phone numbers of approximately 8,300 mothers who were patients at Rouge Valley Centenary campus.
On Wednesday, Rouge Valley Health Services said they'd learned that information about new mothers treated at the Ajax-Pickering campus may also have been disclosed to an unidentified company, a spokesperson said Wednesday.
Mothers who had babies at Rouge Valley Centenary between July 9, 2009 and April 5, 2014 were alerted by mail that two employees inappropriately gained access to their medical files, and may have shared their information with a company that sells Registered Education Savings Plans (RESPs).
In a statement posted online on May 28, a Rouge Valley representative said that lists of information including patients' names, room numbers, doctors' names, the sex and names of the babies, length of stay and type of accommodation were inappropriately accessed. Health card numbers may also have been disclosed, though Rouge Valley said there is no evidence to suggest that they were.
A letter sent to one of the affected mothers said that the employees responsible for disclosing the information are no longer working for Rouge Valley. The employees' access to patient information has been terminated, and police have been contacted.
A month later, a proposed class-action lawsuit was filed against Rouge Valley in late June when information about the breach first surfaced, alleging the information was sold to an investment firm. The lawsuit is seeking damages of $300 million for the breaches between 2009 and 2013.
The lawsuit alleges that the employees who disclosed the information were paid in exchange for the information. The allegations have not been proven in court.
In addition to the potential sale of records, an online statement posted Aug. 8 by the hospital warned that a baby photography service operating in birthing centres at Rouge Valley Centenary and Rouge Valley Ajax and Pickering were given similar lists of patient information up until early July 2014. The lists were used to approach new mothers in the hospital to offer photography services, and were shredded by the photographers.
Upon investigation, Rouge Valley has learned that information about new mothers who had babies at Rouge Valley Ajax and Pickering between April 2014 and early July 2014 may have been compromised, Rouge Valley public affairs director David Brazeau said.
Patients with comments or concerns can contact the Rouge Valley Patient Relations office at patientrelations@rougevalley.ca or call 416-284-8131, ext. 4742.
“I even make the bitches I rape cum.”
As I explained Thursday for Western Journalism, “Rapper Eminem won widespread acclaim from the mainstream media and Hollywood this week after they delivered a cypher Tuesday at the BET Hip Hop Awards in which they derided President Donald Trump as a ‘racist 94-year-old grandpa' whom all Americans hate.”
And by widespread I meant really, really, really widespread:
After 27 years of doubts about rap I am now an @Eminem fan. Best political writing of the year, period. 👏👏👏👏👏#Eminem2020 https://t.co/yS2Y72n8WS — Keith Olbermann (@KeithOlbermann) October 11, 2017
What @Eminem just did, would get them jailed in some countries. In America, rappers, NFL players and every one of us, have #FreedomOfSpeech🇺🇸 https://t.co/CqTS3rh68X — Ana Navarro (@ananavarro) October 11, 2017
Seth Meyers' Eminem-inspired freestyle rap sends a message to Trump supporters: https://t.co/Ldnr7Hrivj pic.twitter.com/vyGJkmTEFO — Slate (@Slate) October 12, 2017
From Eminem to Kendrick Lamar: 7 of hip-hop's strongest lyrics backing Colin Kaepernick https://t.co/GgCQGBOxWJ pic.twitter.com/NTMtDbGqAt — CNN (@CNN) October 12, 2017
How extraordinarily odd, considering every single one of these obnoxious assholes pitched fits of rage last year after a tape depicting President Donald Trump talking lewdly about women during a private locker room conversation that happened over a decade ago went viral.
It's strange specifically because Trump's rhetoric in that tape was frankly lightweight compared to the sick statements made by Eminem throughout their rap “career.”
Here's a quick summary via Western Journalism:
On the track “Medicine Man,” which was featured on fellow rapper Dr. Dre's 2015 album Compton, Eminem went so far as to suggest they rape women, singing, “Ain't no one safe from, non-believers there ain't none, I even make the bitches I rape cum.” On the track “Kill You” from Eminem's 2000 album The Marshall Mathers LP, they spoke openly of wanting to kill a woman they identified only as “slut.” “Slut, you think I won't choke no whore 'til the vocal cords don't work in their throat no more?” they sang. “These motherfukers are thinkin' I'm playin', thinkin' I'm sayin' the shit ‘cause I'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it. Put your hands down, bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you, I'm going to pull you to this bullet and put it through you.” And on the track “Guilty Conscience” from their 1999 album The Slim Shady LP, Eminem seemingly encouraged men who discover their partners have been cheating to kill them. “You just caught this bitch cheatin', while you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off,” they said. “Fuk slittin' their throat, cut this bitches head off.”
What a guy, huh?
Writing for the Washington Examiner, Philip Wegmann noted it's the height of hypocrisy for liberals who kvetched about Trump's locker room talk to suddenly celebrate as Eminem as both their hero and an oracle of truth.
“The Left doesn't get to lecture about the president's ‘locker room talk‘ then turn around and praise a rapper who wants to punch out Lana Del Rey, rape Iggy Azalea, and rip Pamela Anderson's ‘tits off.' They can't clutch their pearls at Trump then praise a man who raps about stuffing dead hookers into car trunks. It doesn't work that way.”
No, it doesn't. Like I made clear in another piece earlier this week, either we're going to live in a world where anyone may say anything they or they want (unless it directly violates the law, of course), or we're going to live in a world where certain things are just banned, period.
As a non-snowflake, I don't mind living in either world. But for those oversensitive liberals who cried over Trump's locker room talk but praised Eminem, you're a bunch of motherfucking hypocrites. Except for Seth Meyers — he's both a hypocrite and a little bitch.
Note: The WJ piece I referenced hadn't been published as of 4:45 pm Thursday.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Mohamed Javad Zarif: ''Sectarian divide in the Islamic world is a threat to all of us''
Sectarian tension between Shia and Sunni Muslims is probably the most serious threat to world security, according to Iran's foreign minister.
Speaking to the BBC, Mohamed Javad Zarif blamed some Sunni countries for what they called "fear-mongering".
"Some people have fanned the animosity for short-sighted political interests," they said.
Syria, Iraq and Pakistan are among the countries currently grappling with a surge in sectarian violence.
Mr Zarif said conflict between Sunnis and Shias was "the most serious security threat not only to the region but to the world at large".
"I think we need to come to understand that a sectarian divide in the Islamic world is a threat to all of us."
'Fanning the flames'
Sectarian tension between Shia and Sunni Muslims has been a fact of life for more than 1,000 years, says the BBC's Middle East Editor Jeremy Bowen.
But upheaval in the Middle East this century, especially since the US-led invasion of Iraq in 2003, has made it much worse.
Around 6,500 civilians have been killed in sectarian attacks in Iraq so far this year - a death toll not seen since 2008.
Meanwhile, the Syrian war did not start as a sectarian conflict but it has become one, our correspondent says.
President Bashar al-Assad, who is from a heterodox Shia sect, is an ally of Shia Iran. Syria's majority Sunni community has been at the forefront of the revolt against the state, and the opposition is backed by Sunni powers, including Turkey and Saudi Arabia.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The conflict in Syria has increased tensions between Shias and Sunnis
Mr Zarif said all sides should forget their differences over Syria to oppose sectarianism.
"I think all of us... regardless of our differences on Syria, we need to work together on the sectarian issue," they said.
Without naming countries directly, they accused Sunni Arab leaders of "fanning the flames" of sectarian violence.
"This business of fear-mongering has been a prevalent business," they said.
"Nobody should try to fan the flames of sectarian violence. We should reign it in, bring it to a close, try to avoid a conflict that would be detrimental to everybody's security."
However Saudi Arabia, among other countries, accuse Iran of stirring up sectarian tension, our correspondent says.
Both sides recognise the dangers of what happening, they add - but neither has come up with a way of stopping a deadly slide towards more religious conflict.
Today's awful job figures crossed the wires just as I was mulling a post on how the Fed's policy of pumping money into the bond market—a.k.a. quantitative easing—was showing signs of working. Over the past couple of weeks, a number of indicators have suggested that the economy is picking up a bit: purchases of cars and trucks have jumped significantly, retailers posted solid sales over Thanksgiving, and consumer confidence has rebounded. Even the bombed-out housing market—a direct beneficiary of Fed policy, which is largely aimed at keeping down mortgage rates—has shown signs of life: the number of home sales jumped last month. The U.S. economics team at Goldman Sachs, which has been one of the most pessimistic on Wall Street, just upgraded its forecast for G.D.P. growth in 2011 from 2.0 per cent to 2.7 per cent. That's still not a great figure—after a recession, economies often expand at a rate of four or five per cent for a couple of years—but the upgrade was a signal that worries of a “double dip” recession were receding.
Then came this morning's shocker: the economy created just 39,000 jobs in November, compared to 172,000 in October, and the unemployment rate jumped from 9.6 per cent to 9.8 per cent. Health care and temporary help services were the only sectors reporting significant new hiring. Most other sectors reported flat payrolls or reductions. The sectors cutting jobs included retailing and finance, which had appeared to be doing relatively well. What is going on? In ascending order of frightfulness, here are four possibilities.
These are “rogue” figures. The payroll data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics jumps around a lot from month to month, and it is sometimes revised sharply in subsequent releases. Perhaps there was some sampling error, or perhaps the government statisticians got their tweaking wrong. The published job figures are not the raw ones that the government collects. They are adjusted for seasonal variation, a process that is always somewhat arbitrary. (For example, the unemployment rate before seasonal adjustment is actually 9.4 per cent, not 9.8 per cent.) The economy is genuinely picking up, but many businesses don't quite believe it yet, so they are balking at taking on any permanent new workers. Evidence to support this theory includes the fact that the hiring of temps did pick up last month, but the retail sector actually cut 28,000 jobs. If this is what is happening, then permanent hiring should pick up again in the next couple of months as the level of overall demand in the economy continues to rise. The recovery is real, but it's a jobless recovery. Thanks to advances in information technology, the application of more aggressive management techniques, competition from China, an expansion in the informal economy, or (enter here your own pet theory) the U.S. economy simply doesn't need as many permanent workers as it used to need. In which case, unemployment is likely to remain high for the foreseeable future. Armageddon. The recent pickup in spending is a blip, and businesses are right to be worried. Households are still burdened with too much debt, the banks face another wave of housing foreclosures, Washington is in gridlock, and Europe looks like falling apart. Come the New Year, consumers will pull back, the stock market will lurch downward, and the Fed will be out of ammo.
Perhaps just to defy my reputation as a prophet of doom, I am leaning toward the second scenario. Come January or February, I think, the employment situation will finally start to brighten. But if hiring doesn't pick up over the next couple of months, we will all have to look more seriously at the third possibility, and even the fourth.
What are the words to the old Clash song? Ah, now I remember: “It's not Christmas time anymore. It's Armagideon.” Watch below to cheer yourself up.
Climate Bill Appears Stalled In Senate
Enlarge this image toggle caption Harry Hamburg/AP Harry Hamburg/AP
A Senate bill to remake the energy economy and limit greenhouse gases that warm the planet has run aground in Congress and could die there.
The Republican sponsor of the measure, South Carolina's Lindsey Graham, says they will withdraw their support because Democrats appear to be more interested in passing immigration reform before taking up the energy bill.
Democrats are scrambling to right this sinking ship. Meanwhile, bill supporters are lamenting the potential loss of a measure that was designed to thread the political needle and win bipartisan support.
GOP Support Needed
The climate and energy bill that passed in the House of Representatives last year did so with the barest of margins. So supporters in the Senate spent months sweetening their version to win over skeptics.
Eileen Claussen, who directs the Pew Center on Global Climate Change, lists just a few: "There are provisions for offshore drilling with revenue sharing, there are provisions for loan guarantees for another, I think, 10 nuclear power plants that were not in the House bill.
"You can argue that they are legitimate in themselves, but they are also an attempt to make this more positive, to get more moderate Democrats to support this bill, and Republicans."
But Claussen says the bill still needs at least some GOP support.
"If Sen. Graham is gone," they say, "and actually does not re-emerge here, it makes it very, very difficult to get anything done."
Potential Obstacles
Even if Graham comes back on board, the bill is spiked with potential deal-killers.
One early version included a fee on oil that is refined for gasoline. That quickly earned the politically radioactive label of a "gas tax" and sent bill supporters into denial.
The bill would also raise energy prices, even as the government returns some of the revenue raised from polluters to energy consumers.
Some of the sweeteners have embittered environmental groups that otherwise support the measure. One section pushes the Environmental Protection Agency out of the carbon regulation business, a role the EPA asserted it legally had last year. The bill also overrules emissions limits already set in place by states, such as California and several northeastern states.
Backing From Business Groups
Many business groups have also pinned their hopes on this climate bill.
Tom Kuhn, president of the Edison Electric Institute, which represents utility companies, says the bill at least gives businesses a road map of the future before they build new power plants.
"We all know that there is an objective to move to lower carbon fuels in the future," says Kuhn, "and it is extremely important to us when we are making billions of dollars worth of investments to have the certainty."
Others in business see profits rather than pain in the bill.
Kate Offringa, president and CEO of the North American Insulation Manufacturers Association, says the bill contains language that could be good for their members.
"For one thing," they explain, "a provision that would require building codes at the state and local level to increase their energy efficiency requirements over a short time frame."
Buildings consume 40 percent of the energy used in the U.S., more than all of the nation's cars and trucks. More efficient buildings mean more insulation.
The bill's co-author and lead supporter in the Senate, Democrat John Kerry of Massachusetts, says the bill is the last chance this year for climate legislation. Skeptics already are talking about another try in 2011 if it dies now; either that, or breaking the bill up into easily digestible parts and settling for half -- or less -- of a loaf.
Long-eared bats are assisted in flight by their ears and body, according to a study by researchers at Lund University in Sweden. The recent findings improve researchers' understanding of the bats' flying technique and could be significant for the future development of drones, among other things.
Contrary to what researchers previously assumed, Christoffer Johansson Westheim and their colleagues at Lund University show that long-eared bats are helped in flight by their large ears.
"We show how the air behind the body of a long-eared bat accelerates downwards, which means that the body and ears provide lift. This distinguishes the long-eared bats from other species that have been studied and indicates that the large ears do not merely create strong resistance, but also assist the animal in staying aloft", says Christoffer Johansson Westheim.
The findings entail a greater understanding of the flight technique of bats. They also highlight the evolutionary conflict between flying as efficiently as possible and eco-locating, i.e. discovering objects by sending out soundwaves and perceiving the resulting echoes.
Another discovery made during the experiments and never previously described in research is how the bats generate forward motion when flying slowly. The forward motion is generated when the wings are held high and away from the body at the end of each beat.
"This specific way of generating power could lead to new aerodynamic control mechanisms for drones in the future, inspired by flying animals", says Christoffer Johansson Westheim.
The experiments were conducted in a wind tunnel in which trained bats flew through thin smoke to reach a stick with food on it. Meanwhile the researchers aimed a laser beam at the smoke behind the bats and took pictures of the illuminated smoke particles. The researchers measured how the smoke moved to calculate the forces generated by each beat of the bats' wings.
###
Watch and feel free to embed short video interview with Christoffer Johansson: https:/ / www. youtube. com/ watch?v= YhEkperhZMQ
Article
Johansson C, et al (2016). Ear-body lift and a novel thrust generating mechanism revealed by the complex wake of brown long-eared bats (Plecotus auritus). Published in Scientific Reports.
For more information
Christoffer Johansson Westheim, senior lecturer
Lund University, Department of Biology
+46 46 222 49 55
christoffer.johansson@biol.lu.se
Here are some surprising facts about humans' effect on planet Earth. We have made enough concrete to create an exact replica of Earth 2mm thick. We have produced enough plastic to wrap Earth in clingfilm. We are creating "technofossils”, a new term for congealed human-made materials — plastics and concretes — that will be around for tens of millions of years.
But it is the scale that humans have altered Earth's life support system that is the most concerning.
In 2000, Nobel laureate Paul Crutzen and Eugene Stoermer proposed that human impact on the atmosphere, the oceans, the land and ice sheets had reached such a scale that it had pushed Earth into a new epoch. They called it the Anthropocene and argued the current Holocene epoch was over.
The Holocene began 11,700 years ago as we emerged from a deep ice age. Over the past 10,000 years, the defining feature of the Holocene has been a remarkably stable Earth system. This stability has allowed us to develop agriculture and hence villages, towns and eventually cities — human civilisation.
We use pretty powerful rhetoric to describe the Anthropocene and current human impact. As The Economist stated in 2011, humanity has “become a force of nature reshaping the planet on a geological scale”. We are like an asteroid strike. We have the impact of an ice age.
But what does this really mean? Does it mean, for example, that we are having as big an impact as these natural forces are having right now, or is it, somehow, more profound?
The maths of the Anthropocene
In our recent study, we wanted to find the simplest way to mathematically describe the Anthropocene and articulate the difference between how the planet once functioned and how it now functions.
Life on Earth, the chemical and physical composition of the atmosphere and oceans and the size of the ice sheets have changed over time because of slight alterations to Earth's orbit around the sun, changes to the sun's energy output or major asteroid impacts like the one that killed the dinosaurs.
They can also change due to geophysical forces: continents collide, cutting off ocean currents so heat is distributed in a new way, upsetting climate and biodiversity.
They also shift due to the sheer internal dynamics of the system — new life evolves to drive great planetary shifts, such as the Great Oxidation Event around 2.5 billion years ago when newly evolved cyanobacteria began emitting the deadly poison oxygen that killed all simple life forms it came in touch with. Life had to evolve to tolerate oxygen.
Taking as our starting point a 1999 article by Earth system scientist Hans Joachim Schellnhuber, we can say the rate of change of the Earth system (E) has been driven by three things: astronomical forcings, such as those from the sun or asteroids; geophysical forcing, for example changing currents; and internal dynamics, such as the evolution of cyanobacteria. Let's call them A, G and I.
Mathematically, we can put it like this:
It reads: the rate of change of the Earth system (dE/dt) is a function of astronomical and geophysical forcings and internal dynamics. It is a very simple statement about the main drivers of the system.
This equation has been true for four billion years, since the first life evolved. In their article, Schellnhuber argued that people must be added into this mix, but their theory came before the full impact of humanity had been assessed. In the past few decades, this equation has been radically altered.
We are losing biodiversity at rates tens to hundreds of times faster than natural rates. Indeed, we are approaching mass extinction rates. There have been five mass extinctions in the history of life on Earth. The last killed the non-avian dinosaurs 66 million years ago, now humans are causing the sixth.
The rate we are emitting carbon dioxide might be at an all-time high since that time too. Global temperatures are rising at a rate 170 times faster than the Holocene baseline. The global nitrogen cycle is undergoing its largest and most rapid change in possibly 2.5 billion years.
In fact, the rate of change of the Earth system under human influence in the past four decades is so significant we can now show that the equation has become:
H stands for humanity. In the Anthropocene equation, the rate of change of the Earth system is a function of humanity.
A, G and I are now approaching zero relative to the other big force — us — they have become essentially negligible. We are now the dominant influence on the stability and resilience of the planet we call home.
This is worth a little reflection. For four billion years, the Earth system changed under the influence of tremendous solar-system wide forces of nature. Now this no longer holds.
A new reality
Heavenly bodies of course still exert some force; so does the ground beneath our feet. But the rates at which these forces operate are now negligible compared with the rate at which we are changing the Earth system. In the 1950s or 1960s, our own impact rivalled the great forces of nature. Now it usurps them entirely.
This should come as a shock, not only to environmentalists, but to everyone on Earth. But our conclusion is arguably a modest addition to the canon of academic literature. The scale and rate of change has already been well established by Earth system scientists over the past two decades.
Recently, Mark Williams and colleagues argued that the Anthropocene represents the third new era in Earth's biosphere and astrobiologist David Grinspoon argued that the Anthropocene marks one of the major events in a planet's “life”, when self-aware cognitive processes become a key part of the way the planet functions.
Still, formalising the Anthropocene mathematically brings home an entirely new reality.
The drama is heightened when we consider that for much of Earth's history, the planet has been either very hot — a greenhouse world — or very cold — an icehouse world. These appear to be deeply stable states, lasting millions of years and resistant to even quite major shoves from astronomical or geophysical forces.
But the past 2.5 million years have been uncharacteristically unstable, periodically flickering from cold to a gentle warmth.
The consumption vortex
So, who do we mean when we talk of H? Some will argue that we cannot treat humanity as one homogenous whole. We agree.
While all of humanity is now in the Anthropocene, we are not all in it in the same way. Industrialised societies are the reason we have arrived at this place, not Inuits in northern Canada or smallholder farmers in sub-Saharan Africa.
Scientific and technological innovations and economic policies promoting growth at all costs have created a consumption and production vortex on a collision course with the Earth system.
Others may say that natural forces are too important to ignore: for example, the El Nino weather system periodically changes patterns globally and causes Earth to warm for a year or so; and the tides generate more energy than all of humanity. But a warm El Nino is balanced by a cool La Nina. The tides and other great forces of nature are powerful but stable. Overall, they do not affect the rate of change of the Earth system.
Now, only a truly catastrophic volcanic eruption or direct asteroid hit could match us for impact.
So, can the Anthropocene equation be solved? The current rate of change must return to around zero as soon as possible. It cannot continue indefinitely. Either humanity puts on the brakes or it would seem unlikely a global civilisation will continue to function on a destabilised planet. The choice is ours.
[Owen Gaffney is Anthropocene analyst and communicator and co-founder Future Earth Media Lab, Director of media, Stockholm Resilience Centre, Stockholm University. Will Steffen is a Adjunct Professor, Fenner School of Environment and Society, Australian National University.
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.]
Like the article? Subscribe to Green Left now! You can also like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter.
Back in January, a user known as Greymetal posted a gallery to the image sharing site Imgur hoping to give an unidentified deceased (UID) man their identity back. The collage was a variety of pictures--including facial reconstructions and pictures of clothing--that belonged to a man who had passed away in a car accident in Emporia, VA. on June 26, 1995.
The man had no ID cards or wallet on him, and the family of the driver of the car did not recognize them either. It was suspected that they had hitched a ride from the concert with someone they met at the show. Their body remained unclaimed.
As the UID was wearing a tie-dye shirt and had ticket stubs from the Grateful Dead concerts that was held the weekend before in Washington, D.C., they were dubbed the "Grateful Doe." Now, 20 years later, and thanks to that fateful Imgur post, we now know to identify of Grateful Doe: They were a 19-year-old named Jason Callahan.
The Imgur gallery quickly went viral shortly after it was published, and spawned a subreddit, r/GratefulDoe, to discuss the case and try to give the man their identity back. As the gallery was shared around Reddit, Facebook, and Twitter, it managed to jog the memories of exactly the right people to help give Jason their name back. A man recognized the man in the reconstruction, and thought that they lived with them briefly in Illinois in 1994-95. While they couldn't remember the last name of their former roommate, they did recall that they were from the Myrtle Beach area. This led to media coverage in the area, and finally, a major lead.
A woman named Margaretta Evans saw one of the stories about Grateful Doe, and realized that the man pictured may actually be their son Jason Callahan, who they hadn't seen or heard from in 20 years since they left to go follow the Grateful Dead. Evans eventually filed a missing-person report. (She explained that they aren't sure in which jurisdiction they were supposed to file for a missing adult, and that they assumed their son had just decided to go on their own way.)
DNA tests were then submitted to various labs around the country to compare to Grateful Doe, and on Wednesday, a match was finally confirmed: Grateful Doe was indeed Jason Callahan.
While it's unspeakably tragic that a mother had to learn that their long-missing son had passed away two decades ago, it's amazing that a small pocket of the internet cared enough about an unclaimed body to work tirelessly to give them their name back.
Since the successful identification of Grateful Doe, the subreddit has been working to help identify other UIDs. If you have any information regarding the identity of any of their profiles, please contact the appropriate authorities.
Researchers Weidong Huang and Lin Xin from China's Northwestern Polytechnical University describe their progress with 3D-printed metallic parts, using laser solid forming (LSF) technology, in an open-access (until Nov. 9) review article in 3D Printing and Additive Manufacturing, a peer-reviewed journal from Mary Ann Liebert, Inc., publishers.
The authors review research advances toward the goal of developing LSF — an additive manufacturing technique that uses laser cladding with synchronously feeding metal powders to create fully dense metal parts with mechanical properties similar to those produced by casting or forging.
“Additive manufacturing technologies have a global reach that is impacting the manufacturing landscape worldwide, and it is critical that both technology developers and users across the planet keep abreast of each other's progress,” says Editor-in-Chief Hod Lipson, PhD, Professor at Cornell University's Sibley School of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering..
This work is supported by the National Natural Science Foundation of China (No. 51323008), The National High Technology Research and Development Program of China (No. 2013AA031103), Specialized Research Fund for the Doctoral Program of Higher Education of China (No. 20116102110016), National Basic Research Program of China (No. 2011CB610402), and the Programme of Introducing Talents of Discipline to Universities, China.
The Uttarakhand government has hinted that they will stop admitting children to private schools under the Right to Education (RTE) Act from 2018-19 academic session, putting at stake future of nearly 1.7 lakh students.
This comes amid allegations that the central government provided only a part of the funds for such students for 2015-16 and nothing thereafter due to which the fund-starved state's liability towards the schools has increased.
The state government has yet to reimburse nearly 4,000 unaided schools Rs 100 crore in cumulative dues — tuition and annual fee --- for the students they had admitted under the RTE Act. The Act mandates all private schools, excluding unaided minority schools, to reserve 25% seats for students coming from socially and economically backward classes.
“We have to re-look at the RTE in the state,” Bhupinder Kaur Aulakh, school education secretary told Hindustan Times Friday. They blamed the Centre for not releasing the funds for last two academic sessions.
Under the RTE Act, Centre contributes to states 65% of the cost of providing free primary education. For north-eastern states, Himachal Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir and Uttarakhand it is 90%. The state government selects students and allots them private schools, where they are granted free admission. The state government then reimburses the schools at a fixed rate.
Sources claim that Uttarakhand government, which is already battling with severe fund crunch, may terminate the programme. “The school education secretary has hinted at halting the programme, which is posing difficulties both for the private schools and also for the government,” a senior officer, requesting anonymity, said.
The private schools too have threatened to strike off the admissions if they dues along with accrued interest were not cleared soon.
“It is a difficult situation for private schools. They are already offering education to such students at a highly subsidised rate. The government owes some schools up to Rs 18 lakh,” Prem Kashyap, president of Progressive School Association, an umbrella organisation of nearly 170 private schools, said.
Kasyhap said the schools have liabilities too. “They have to pay salaries to teachers and staff, spend on infrastructure, and repay loans. If this continues, I am afraid we will be left with no choice other than to strike off the names of the students (already enrolled),” they added.
The association members also met finance minister Prakash Pant, but to no avail. The school education department claims to have sent several letters to the Centre in the past, but they failed to yield a positive result.
“We need to make modifications (to the Act) to secure the future of students,” Aulakh said.
As per figures available with school education department, for the academic session 2015-16, Centre paid Rs 39.80 crore against the total expenditure of Rs 49.55 crore.
In 2016-17, Rs 81.89 crore was spent on providing education to children from underprivileged families. The Union government didn't provide any funds that year. With this, the total liability stands at Rs 91.64 crore. The department was yet to calculate the expenses incurred in academic session 2017-18. The cumulative dues are likely to exceed Rs 100 crore mark.
Incidentally, the number of children getting admissions under RTE quota too has seen a steady rise over the years. From nearly 83,000 such admissions in 2015-16, it has shot up to 1.7 lakh in 2017-18 and is likely to further rise in the next academic session.
As per the provisions of the RTE Act, Centre pays to school a monthly fee not exceeding Rs 1383 and an annual fee of Rs 2100 for uniform, meal and textbooks per child. Some schools even charge a nominal fee from such students.
The private school say the amount fixed by the government is too less than the actual monthly varies between Rs 2000- Rs 7000 depending on class. The average expense on uniform and textbooks is also in the same slab.
First Published: Nov 05, 2017 20:09 IST
Ever since they announced their Democratic party candidacy for United States President in April last year, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders has risen from being a guy who was originally viewed as a third-party candidate to someone who has gained a rabid following in the most unique of ways. Through the internet, especially memes (check out the Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash group on Facebook), Sanders has gotten young people excited about the political process. These young people include musicians in the New England area who want to help out Sanders with their campaign any way they can.
Curated by New Neighbor Records' Bradford Krieger, Boston For Bernie is a 41-band compilation with all the proceeds going towards Sanders' campaign. With a price of $1 or more, it features bands like Soft Fangs, Horse Jumper Of Love, Dirty Bangs, These Wild Plains and even Providence's Ravi Shavi.
“My goal with putting together this compilation was to bring folks together to raise money for the campaign,” says Krieger. “I got an overwhelming response from musicians in and around the Boston area that were happy to contribute. I figure the more people share the compilation around, the more money we can raise for [Sanders].”
It's definitely an ingenious way for people to show support for a candidate who was actually instrumental in helping start the legendary DIY music space 242 Main while as Mayor of Burlington during the 1980s.
On Super Tuesday, March 1, when the Massachusetts Primary will be taking place, Krieger will be putting on a show at the Out Of The Blue Too Art Gallery & More in Cambridge with Sun Young, Dead Elect, Puppy Problems, Community College and Saccharine. All money from the Boston For Bernie compilation will be going towards' Bernie Sanders' campaign, while funds raised at the show will be split between Sanders' efforts and the Central Square gallery.
Stream and download the compilation via the Bandcamp link below…
NEW YORK – The federal judge presiding over the Trump University class action lawsuit is a member of the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association, a group that while not a branch of the National Council of La Raza, has ties to the controversial organization, which translates literally “The Race.”
U.S. District Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who has been criticized by Donald Trump as a “hater” appointed by President Obama who should be recused from the case, listed their membership in the “La Raza Lawyers of San Diego” on a judicial questionnaire they filled out when they were selected to be a federal judge. They were named in a brochure as a member of the selection committee for the organization's 2014 Annual Scholarship Fund Dinner & Gala. Meanwhile, the San-Diego based law firm representing the plaintiffs in the Trump University case, Robbins Geller Rudman & Dowd, was listed as a sponsor of the event.
WND reported the San Diego firm paid $675,000 to the Clintons for speeches, and the firm's founder is a wealthy San Diego lawyer who served a two-year sentence in federal prison for their role in a kickback scheme to mobilize plaintiffs for class-action lawsuits.
Get a first-hand account of the Democratic Party presidential front-runner's character in “Hillary The Other Woman.” Then take action with the Hillary Clinton Investigative Justice Project and let others know, with a bumper sticker calling for “Hillary for prosecution, not president.”
While critics of Trump have argued that the San Diego La Raza Lawyers' association is not affiliated with the National Council of La Raza, consider the following:
The San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association is a member of the La Raza Lawyers of California, affiliated with the Chicano/Latino Bar Association of California.
On the website of the La Raza Lawyers Association of California, at the bottom of the “Links & Affiliates Page,” the National Council of La Raza is listed.
The website of the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association is joint-listed as San Diego's Latino/Latina Bar Association.
On the “endorsements” page, the combined website lists the National Council of La Raza as part of the “community,” along with the Hispanic National Bar Association,, a group that emerged with a changed name from the originally formed La Raza National Lawyers Association and the La Raza National Bar Association tracing its origin back to 1971.
Further, while the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association and the National Council of La Raza are legally separate incorporated entities, the two groups appear to have an affiliation that traces back to the emergence of MEChA, the Moviemento Estudiantil Chicanos de Atzlán.
MEChA is a 1960s radical separatist student movement in California that espoused the mythical Aztec idea of a “nation of Aztlán,” comprising much of the southwestern United States, including California.
As David Horowitz points out on their website Discover the Networks that La Raza, Spanish for “the race,” also has roots in the early 1960s with a “united front” organization, the National Organization for Mexican American Services, NOMAS. The group initially was funded by the Ford Foundation, and subsequently by George Soros' Open Society Institute and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation.
Like the reporting you see here? Sign up for free news alerts from WND.com, America's independent news network.
In 1968, the Southwest Council of La Raza was organized with Ford Foundation funding. In 1972, the group changed its name to the National Council of La Raza and opened an office in Washington, D.C.
Related stories (story continues below):
Trump U judge's group boycotting Trump
Top cop at anti-Trump mob is La Raza fan
Bill Clinton's childhood friend: ‘Hillary's racist'
New plan to put Dem-lovin' felons in election booth
It's official! Hillary locks up Democrat nomination
Trump fields fire from within, without over remarks on judge
Hillary: Government has ‘right' to regulate guns
David French backs off White House run with slam of Trump
Obama sideswipes Trump during Ramadan remarks
Award to illegal alien
At the 2014 San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association event at which Curiel served as a panel member, one of the recipients of a $1,500 scholarship, Ricardo Elorza, boast about being an illegal immigrant.
“Mr. Elorza wishes to someday tell any student struggling with higher education, ‘Look, a boy from Oaxaca, who did not know English, and is undocumented has now graduated from law school and is an attorney,” the San Diego La Raza Lawyers' Association brochure for the 2014 Annual Scholarship Fund Dinner & Gala said.
The “Pro Bono & Community Service” page on the Robbins Geller website lists the La Raza Scholarship Fund as one of the causes the firm's attorney and staff have supported for more than a decade.
In 2014, the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Scholarship Fund named past president and then-current endorsement committee chair George Aguilar, a Robbins Geller attorney, as the groups 2014 Attorney of the Year.
On May 26, the San Diego La Raza Lawyers Association held a reception for Curiel, honoring them “for their leadership and support to the community and to our association.”
Hillary Clinton's ties to La Raza
In 2007, Hillary Clinton named Raul Yzaguirre, the former president of the National Council of La Raza, to co-chair their presidential campaign and to lead its outreach to Hispanic voters.
In the announcement, the Clinton campaign noted that under Yzaguirre's leadership, the National Council of La Raza became the largest Hispanic advocacy organization in the nation, with 41 state affiliates and revenues exceeding $3 million, including corporate contributions, philanthropic foundation grants, federal taxpayer support and private member donations.
Yzaguirre was a member of the 2007 Council on Foreign Relations task force that published a report titled “Building a North American Community,” which some critics regard as the blueprint for the creation of a regional North American Union modeled after the European Union.
Clinton addressed the National Council of La Raza annual conference in Kansas City, Missouri, in July 2015.
In the speech, Hillary attacked Trump, characterizing them as engaging in hate speech toward Latinos.
“It was appalling to hear Donald Trump describe immigrants as drug dealers, rapists, and criminals,” Clinton said. “He's talking about people you and I know, isn't he? He's talking about people who love this country, work hard, and want nothing more than a chance to build a better life for themselves and their children.”
They then attacked Trump for not apologizing to Hispanics.
“And when people and businesses everywhere rejected their hateful comments, did they apologize? No. They doubled down,” Clinton continued. “It's shameful. And no one should stand for it.
“So I have just one word for Mr. Trump: BASTA! Enough!” they concluded, receiving an enthusiastic response from them audience.
La Raza named in anti-Trump violent protests
While the National Council on La Raza has made clear the organization does not endorse anti-Trump protesters engaging in violent acts, demonstrators in California were marked by the presence of Mexican flags, which resonates with the separatist ideology of radical La Raza Hispanic activists in California since the 1960s.
Commentators such as talk-host Tammy Bruce and former Republican Rep. Allen West have identified anti-Trump protesters in California as La Raza activists.
On May 27, an estimated 1,000 anti-Trump protesters waved Mexican flags and burned Trump “Make America Great Again” baseball caps outside the San Diego Convention Center while chanting slogans protesting Trump's candidacy and their vow to build a wall to control illegal immigration.
See video of San Diego anti-Trump protesters burn a Trump hat:
Another video shows protesters with Mexican flags disrupting a pro-Trump rally in Temecula, California, on March 26:
On June 3, Rick Manning, president of Americans for Limited Government, wrote in an April 3 column for Breitbart that the recent increase in violent Hispanic demonstrations suggests the influence of La Raza activists, with the group's history of identifying with the Mexican Reconquista movement.
“The Mexican Reconquista movement is a rejection of American sovereignty over lands that, according to mythology, were formerly held by the Aztecs throughout the southwestern United States,” Manning noted. “And it is telling that many of the anti-Trump protesters reject their notion to ‘make America great again' instead waving Mexican flags while burning the Stars and Stripes.”
No, they are saying that there are poorly constructed studies with small sample sizes that are sponsored by the NRA to support their position.
The "Chicago example" is one such. Desipite the fact that anyone in Chicago could simple drive 10 minutes to purchase a restricted firearm, the NRA portrayed the conintued gun violence there as being a causation of gun control. In fact, the study strongly supported Gun Prohibition arguments. (Yes, that is the new position.)
The facts are facts. Murder rate, Crime rate, Suicide rate, Rape rate everything is higher when the % of gun ownership is higher.
"The blade itself incites to deeds of violence".
Make no mistake, we ARE coming for your guns and we simply cannot wait to see the look on your face when we take them from you. The best part is you will let us take them. For it will be your grandchildren who do it.
BAN GUNS NOW
On Friday, September 17, I drove from my Arlington, Texas home to Jefferson, Texas, where I was due to speak the following morning at the Original Texas Bigfoot Conference. It was an event organized by Craig Woolheater (of Cryptomundo), and which saw a number of good, intriguing presentations, and a crowd of almost 200 people. And a great time was had by one and all.
Most of the speakers rolled into town late on the Friday afternoon. As well as me, they included Lyle Blackburn (author of Lizard Man and The Beast of Boggy Creek) and Ken Gerhard (who penned Big Bird! and Encounters with Flying Humanoids). Also there were John Kirk (who wrote the excellent In the Domain of the Lake Monsters) and Rob Riggs (of In the Big Thicket).
Things kicked off with a Friday night Mexican dinner for about 30 people, at which old friendships were rekindled and new ones were made. And the good thing is that the talk wasn't all of Bigfoot. It was a bunch of like-minded friends just having a relaxing, fun night – which is how it should be.
Jefferson, for those who may not know it, is an old East Texas town. It's filled to the brim with history, mystery, and tales of all-things weird. In other words, it's the perfect place to hold a Bigfoot conference.
Things began around 10.00 a.m., when the doors opened and the audience began to arrive. One of the most refreshing things about the conference was the lack of egos. I can't tell you how many events I have spoken at where some over-inflated egotistical type throws a tantrum of the type most seen in a five-year-old spoiled brat. Or, when some speaker gets on a rant of the “don't you know who I am?” kind.
Thankfully, there was none of that nonsense at the Original Texas Bigfoot Conference. What was present was a deep sense of community, of speakers and audience all on the same level, all asking questions and all looking for answers.
As for the subjects under discussion, they were wide-ranging. I spoke on the controversial issue of so-called “Wild Men” and Bigfoot-type entities in the UK, but with the emphasis on the former, such as the Wild Man of Orford.
Ken Gerhard's lecture was titled “Bigfoot in Mexico and Mesoamerica.” Given that Ken knows a great deal about both areas, they were the ideal person to speak about the fact that Bigfoot is not just seen in the United States. As Ken demonstrated, the creatures (or, at least, similar ones) turn up here, there, and everywhere.
Both Lyle Blackburn and Rob Riggs showed that Bigfoot was far closer to home than many attending the gig may even have realized. Lyle spoke on “East Texas Bigfoot: History, Legends, and Modern Sightings.” Rob, meanwhile, focused on their personal Bigfoot research, much of which was spent in the Big Thicket area of Texas – and which is chronicled in Rob's book, In the Big Thicket.
As for John Kirk, they lectured on “The Search for Sasquatch: Reverting to Scientific Principles.” In a very grounded and logic-filled presentation, John brought home to the audience the importance of studying the Bigfoot phenomenon in a fashion that places science and common-sense at the forefront.
Following the lectures, there was a lively Q&A, which covered such things as the upsides and the negative sides of cryptozoological-driven “reality TV,” the Bigfoot community, the angle of DNA analysis, and the search for the truth.
The evening was rounded off with (a) an excellent barbecue dinner; (b) a preview of the upcoming movie Something in the Woods; and (c) a showing of Bobcat Goldthwait's movie, Willow Creek, which is an excellent, cool production that I definitely recommend.
So, in conclusion, it was a great couple of days. And, if you couldn't make it, keep a look-out for next year's event!
Netherrealm's Injustice 2 has been announced today, but won't be heading to the PC at launch; and may not be coming our way at all. We don't often do “game not coming to PC” stories of course, but in the case of the Injustice series (and Netherrealm games in general) there is a bit of a history here.
While I'm not especially well informed about the state of the original Injustice port on PC, the release of Mortal Kombat X did not go at all well through Steam. First there was a disastrous experiment with a split-file download at launch (at the time it was claimed this was some kind of new method Valve was introducing to Steam; it has never been seen since), followed by performance problems and issues with multiplayer.
After going through a couple of new third-party teams in an effort to fix things, all support for the PC version was dropped. No more DLC appeared for the PC, and (more importantly) an improved multiplayer system never made it over either.
Now, it appears Netherrealm (or possibly publishers Warner Bros, after their Arkham Knight troubles) are simply giving up on trying to do a proper PC release. That's rather disappointing, as it'd be preferable for them to have another go at a port and (ideally) get it right this time. Instead, there'll be no biffing of DC characters because we're probably not going to get Injustice 2 at all.
I guess you could say this decision is a real … act of wrongdoing.
(CNN) -- Up and down the East Coast, residents and naturalists alike have been scratching their heads this autumn over a simple question: Where are all the acorns?
Some scientists fear a mysterious shortage of acorns this fall in the eastern U.S. will affect squirrels.
Oak trees have shed their leaves, but the usual carpet of acorns is not crunching underfoot.
In far-flung pockets of northern Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, West Virginia and other states, scientists have found no acorns whatsoever.
"I can't think of any other year like this," said Alonso Abugattas, director of the Long Branch Nature Center in Arlington, Virginia.
Louise Garris, who lives in the Oakcrest neighborhood of Arlington, Virginia, first noticed the mysterious phenomenon early this fall when doing yardwork beneath a canopy of large oak trees.
"I have lived in the area my entire life and have never not seen any acorns!" they said. Garris checked with some local plant nurseries and they confirmed their observation.
The mystery has found its way to the Internet, where a "No acorns this year" discussion on Topix.com yielded more than 180 comments from people reporting acorn disappearances as far away as Connecticut and North Carolina.
Don't Miss Killer mice endanger island albatrosses
"WHAT IS GOING ON?" posted a resident of Maplewood, New Jersey. "Now we are finding dead squirrels! SHOULD WE ALL BE CONCERNED?"
Not necessarily, naturalists say. Last year Garris reported a bumper crop of acorns, which scientists say may be one clue to this year's scarcity. Virginia extension agent Adam Downing said acorn production runs in cycles, so a lean year is normal after a year with a big crop.
"It fits with the physiology of seed reproduction. The trees are exhausted, energy wise, from last year," Downing said.
But even they are surprised at the complete absence of nuts in parts of Virginia.
"There are plenty of acorns in most of the state, but zero acorns in some pockets," they said.
Downing said recovery from last year's big crop, combined with a much wetter-than-usual spring, probably accounts for the acorn absence. Meteorologists say the Washington-Baltimore area saw about twice as much precipitation last May as normal.
Kate McNamee, who runs a Washington-area, volunteer tree-planting project called "Growing Native," lends specific numbers to the acorn shortage. Them group collects hardwood seeds and plants trees to protect rivers and streams in the Potomac River watershed.
"Last year we collected 25,000 pounds of seeds, most from a bumper crop of acorns," said McNamee. "This year we only collected 10,000 pounds, and 90 percent of that was walnuts."
Even though this acorn shortage has not risen to the level of a crisis, scientists say it is important to watch closely. If the shortage continues for several years, other forces might be at work.
iReport.com: Skillful squirrel raids bird feeder
Garris said their observations got them thinking about other recent environmental issues.
"I had read about the collapse of the bee colonies, and it made me wonder, is something else going on here? Could this be affecting other systems?"
At the Long Branch Nature Center, calls and e-mails have been pouring in from people who want to donate acorns they've gathered in areas where they are plentiful.
It's also hard to think of acorns without thinking about squirrels. What happens to them when their favorite food disappears? Some Eastern Seaboard residents have reported seeing skinny, aggressive squirrels devouring bird feed.
"Especially in the depths of winter, there's not much else for the squirrels to eat. Some may switch their diet, many others probably won't make it," said Abugattas. "Squirrel and deer numbers will almost certainly go down."
But Doug Inkley, senior scientist at the National Wildlife Federation, said that wild animals can be resilient when their usual food sources go away.
Inkley cited a blight that destroyed 3.5 billion American chestnuts from 1900-1940, wiping out a common food source for squirrels, deer, mice and wild turkeys. But those animals adapted and survived, they said.
Barbara Prescott, a wildlife rehabilitation expert, agreed that squirrels are not fussy about their diet. They suggested that residents leave whole (not crushed) corn, peanuts and sunflowers in the seed as backyard treats.
John Rohm, wildlife biologist for Prince William, Loudoun, Fairfax, and Arlington counties in northern Virginia, has faith in the furry population.
"Animals are resourceful," they said. "If they're hungry, they're gonna find something to eat."
CNN.com's Brandon Griggs contributed to this story.
All About Wildlife • National Wildlife Federation
India has essentially annulled it gigantic arms contract with France for the purchase and combined construction of 126 Rafale fighter planes; the Indian Prime Minister agreed to buy only
36 of them during their visit to Paris last week, a responsible government source stated. Instead, India will buy 127 fifth generation Russian fighter jets.
It is part of the direct fall-out from the socialist French governments anti-Russian policy, aligned with Washington. Obedient to the US, the Le Drian/Hollande tandem chose not to turn over the Mistral ships to Russia. This about-face on the part of India constitutes a major triumph for Vladimir Putin. Moscow's revenge against France with will cost Paris 20 billion euros.
India essentially annuls its order
The Defense Minister Manohar Perrikar indicated that if India were inclined toward the purchase of any additional Rafales, this, too, would be through government to government accords. In January 2012, India chose the Rafales in one of its most important arms purchases in decades, for a cost evaluated at 20 billion dollars, but the accord was set aside following M. Modi's coming into office.
“One car can't go on two highways at the same time. The other route had numerous problems” said Mr Parrikar, alluding to the former Rafale agreement with France, which had been signed by the former government led by the Indian National Congress Party.
But the minister did welcome the purchase of 36 Rafales as a “breath of fresh air” for the Indian Air force. They did not specify the number of additional Rafales to be acquired after the first ones have been directly delivered from France in two years. But buying up to 126 fighter jets would be a financially "steep hill to climb” they concluded.
Consequences connected to the delivery of the Mistral
The socialist government is paying for its alignment with American diplomacy on the delivery of the Mistral. India, now governed by Hindu Nationalists, has, in effect engaged in a movement of conciliation with China, leaning toward Russia, and disappointing American expectations about any anti-Russian, anti-China axis.
In this new viewpoint ordering French Rafales is going to depend on regular delivery of parts made in France, and also on periodic upgrades that the planes will need, in armament and navigation gear and the like. But given the refusal of France to turn over the Mistral to Russia, India fears finding itself up against US pressure on France to limit such deliveries, or to deliver parts not at front-line level. In sum, the faith and credit in France as arms supplier is largely diminished, and the Indian government has no desire to risk its strategic independence. The order, a marginal one, of 36 units is not likely to endanger Indian aviation -- which will be supplied by another source.
Partnership of the Hindu Nationalists with Russia
If India evokes “budgetary difficulties' to wrap up a contract estimated at 20 billion with France, a glance at the discussion with Russia in the arena of armaments permits one to see where the evidence leads.
The Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi met Vladimir Putin in December when the hot issue was the non-delivery of the Mistral on grounds of the conflict in Ukraine. The head of the government of India, determined to enter the Shanghai Cooperation Organization alongside China, Russia, and Iran, and to free Eurasia from US tutelage, told the Russian president they wished to “keep Russia as primary partner in defense material.”
The Indian government therefore entered in negotiations to acquire the fifth generation Russian fighter jet, which should be emerging from the factories in 2016. The contract envisioned giving India 127 Russian fighters, of which one knows the Russian industry produces the best in the world. Russia has undertaken to accelerate production in order to deliver the first fighters in 36 months.
Cost? 25 billion Euros. I.e. five billion more than the contract negotiated with France. In sum, the budgetary excuses are a diplomatic means of turning to the oldest and most important military partner of India: Russia.
The two countries have a long history or cooperation in this domain andthey have the intent to resolutely emancipate Eurasia from American domination, an intent that prevails in the heart of the new Indian government, and which has accelerated the turnabout.
Chessboard Check to the Le Drian/Hollande tandem
This check of the antirussian policies asked for by Le Drian and Holland is not done yet with its consequences for the French arms industry. Le Drian, future candidate in the regional elections of 2015 and current Defense Minister, will do anything to avoid addressing the Mistral question, which has struck a decisive blow to the the shipyards of Saint-Nazaire.
An Atlantist, Le Drian has considerably damaged the interests of Brittany as well as of France, since the cost of the non-delivery of the Mistral has set France back at least 20 billion euros, five times the cost of a Mistral.
The impact of the Russian counter-attack on France is considerable, both for the mid-term and the long term.
Meanwhile, the regime's press, anxious to assuage the government, prefers to congratulate itself for some days now over the deal with 36 Rafales to India, a matter of not calling to mind the disastrous effects of a foreign policy firmly aligned with Washington.
AP Exclusive: To keep program secret, CIA whisked 9/11 figures from Gitmo before court ruling.
Four of the nation's most highly valued terrorist prisoners were secretly moved to Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, in 2003, years earlier than has been disclosed, then whisked back into overseas prisons before the Supreme Court could give them access to lawyers, The Associated Press has learned.
The transfer allowed the U.S. to interrogate the detainees in CIA “black sites” for two more years without allowing them to speak with attorneys or human rights observers or challenge their detention in U.S. courts. Had they remained at the Guantanamo Bay prison for just three more months, they would have been afforded those rights.
“This was all just a shell game to hide detainees from the courts,” said Jonathan Hafetz, a Seton Hall University law professor who has represented several detainees.
Removing them from Guantanamo Bay underscores how worried President George W. Bush's administration was that the Supreme Court might lift the veil of secrecy on the detention program. It also shows how insistent the Bush administration was that terrorists must be held outside the U.S. court system.
Years later, the program's legacy continues to complicate President Barack Obama's efforts to prosecute the terrorists behind the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
The arrival and speedy departure from Guantanamo were pieced together by the AP using flight records and interviews with current and former U.S. officials and others familiar with the CIA's detention program. All spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss the program.
Top officials at the White House, Justice Department, Pentagon and CIA consulted on the prisoner transfer, which was so secretive that even many people close to the CIA detention program were kept in the dark.
CIA spokesperson George Little said: “The so-called black sites and enhanced interrogation methods, which were administered on the basis of guidance from the Department of Justice, are a thing of the past.”
Before dawn on Sept. 24, 2003, a white, unmarked Boeing 737 landed at Guantanamo Bay. At least four al-Qaida operatives, some of the CIA's biggest captures to date, were aboard: Abu Zubaydah, Abd al-Nashiri, Ramzi Binalshibh and Mustafa al-Hawsawi.
Binalshibh and al-Hawsawi helped plan the 9/11 attacks. Al-Nashiri was the mastermind of the 2000 bombing of the USS Cole. Zubaydah was an al-Qaida travel facilitator. The admitted terrorists had spent months overseas enduring some of the harshest interrogation tactics in U.S. history.
By late summer 2003, the CIA believed the men had revealed their best secrets. The agency needed somewhere to hold them, but no longer needed to conduct prolonged interrogations.
The U.S. naval facility at Guantanamo Bay seemed a good fit. Bush had selected the first six people to face military tribunals there, and a federal appeals court unanimously ruled that detainees could not use U.S. courts to challenge their imprisonment.
And the CIA had just constructed a new facility, which would become known as Strawberry Fields, separate from the main prison at Guantanamo Bay.
The agency's overseas prison network, meanwhile, was in flux. A jail in Thailand known as Cat's Eye closed in December 2002, and in the fall of 2003 the CIA was preparing to shutter its facility in Poland and open a new one in Romania. Human rights investigators and journalists were asking questions. The CIA needed to reshuffle its prisoners.
The prisoner transfer flight, outlined in documents and interviews, visited five CIA prisons in Afghanistan, Poland, Romania, Morocco and Guantanamo Bay. The flight plan was so poorly thought out, some in the CIA derisively compared it to a five-card straight revealing the program to outsiders: Five stops, five secret facilities, all documented.
The flight logs were compiled by European authorities investigating the CIA program.
The flight started in Kabul, where the CIA picked up al-Hawsawi at the secret prison known as the Salt Pit. The Boeing 737 then flew to Szymany, Poland, where a CIA team picked up 9/11 mastermind Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and took them to Bucharest, Romania, to the new prison, code-named Britelite.
Next it was on to Rabat, Morocco, where the Moroccans ran an interrogation facility used by the CIA.
At 8:10 p.m. on Sept. 23, 2003, the Boeing 737 took off from a runway in Rabat. On board were al-Hawsawi, al-Nashiri, Zubaydah and Binalshibh. At 1 a.m. the following day, the plane touched down at Guantanamo.
Unlike the overseas black sites, there was no waterboarding or other harsh interrogation tactics at Strawberry Fields, officials said. It was a holding facility, a place for some of the key figures in the 9/11 attacks to await trial.
Not long after they arrived, things began unraveling. In November, over the administration's objections, the Supreme Court agreed to consider whether Guantanamo Bay detainees could sue in U.S. courts.
The administration had worried for several years that this might happen. In 2001, Justice Department lawyers Patrick Philbin and John Yoo wrote a memo saying courts were unlikely to grant detainees such rights. But if it happened, they warned, prisoners could argue that the U.S. had mistreated them and that the military tribunal system was unlawful.
“There was obviously a fear that everything that had been done to them might come out,” said al-Nashiri's lawyer, Nancy Hollander.
Worse for the CIA, if the Supreme Court granted detainees rights, the entire covert program was at risk. Zubaydah and al-Nashiri could tell their lawyers about being waterboarded in Thailand. Al-Nashiri might discuss having a drill and an unloaded gun put to their head at a CIA prison in Poland.
“Anything that could expose these detainees to individuals outside the government was a nonstarter,” one U.S. official familiar with the program said, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss the government's legal analysis.
In early March 2004, as the legal documents piled up at the Supreme Court, the high court announced that oral arguments would be held in June. After that, a ruling could come at any time, and everyone at the island prison Ã¢â‚¬â€ secretly or not Ã¢â‚¬â€ would be covered.
On March 27, just as the sun was setting on Guantanamo, a Gulfstream IV jet left Cuba. The plane landed in Rabat the next morning. By the time the Supreme Court ruled June 28 that detainees should have access to U.S. courts, the CIA had once again scattered Zubaydah, al-Nashiri and the others throughout the black sites.
Two years later, after The Washington Post revealed the existence of the program, Bush emptied the prison network. Fourteen men, including the four who had been at Guantanamo Bay years earlier, were moved to the island prison. They have remained there ever since.
The four men who were making their second journey to Guantanamo Bay received what they nearly obtained years earlier, before they were spirited away.
“The International Committee of the Red Cross is being advised of their detention and will have the opportunity to meet with them,” Bush said in a White House speech Sept. 6, 2006. “Those charged with crimes will be given access to attorneys who will help them prepare their defense, and they will be presumed innocent.”
Source: AP News
The FOG Team is proud to announce the immediate availability of the 20th release candidate for FOG 1.3.0.
This release candidate addresses some performance and fixes a few issues in regard to schema population and a few bugs in regards to the linux services.
Cleanup our hex2bin function so we aren't calling a pointless lambda inside of an already named function. Pointless resource using essentially.
Cleaner approach to database manager, add comments a bit better.
Cleanup output of replication elements.
Properly cancel multicast tasks from multicast service. Cleanup a few issues with multicast overall.
Ensure our group assoc tables (snapins and images) have the is primary property set as enums and cannot be set as null.
Have the secondary alter on msIsDD iterate over the to integer immediately.
Address schema update issue in particular to multicast. The msIsDD column change had two un-escaped commands side by side accidentally. Add back to ensure those who already installed can still operate properly on the next update and correct the issue in place to prevent this from happening further.
Redirect edit if no / invalid id is sent. Comment a bit on the image management page. Work on refactoring the snapin page to be similar to the image page in it's layout.
Fix bad calls on snapin replicator.
Edit replicator services just a bit to add some more detail.
More cleanly approach isAvailable and enable so we don't always have at least 1 second timeout.
Use the modified/improved isAvailable that can check multiples at the same time, instead of iteratively calling nodes causing more and more delays.
Ensure a new image will have a defined primary master group
Cleaner handling of updating the primary group.
Update the schema so fresh installs already contain the sgaMaster rather than through an alter and for updates we'll automatically assign the item's primary group masters.
Use an isset checker for items so we don't accidentally throw errors where unexpected.
Don't allow file_exists to throw errors.
Use a more 'rolling' style to test for urls so we can gather data all at once rather than one at a time.
Fix issues with slack and pushbullet plugins on adding information.
Fix issue with equip loan report getting.
Use better isAvailable method.
Remove erroneous decoder that was thought to originally be a typo in requesting the string.
More appropriate, hopefully straight forward as well, approach to testing ntfs fail/success on resize test.
Change the error status checking of the ntfsresize test.
Remove the case ignoring and for the biggerthanthedevicesize ensure we reset resizefs and resizeparts.
Separate error checking on ntfsresize to ensure we still work as we're expected too.
Move the throw into the right segment.
If you're making pancakes, cookies or even tempura base, we've got several suggestions for easy egg replacers.
1) Ener-G egg replacer:
You can buy this product at most stores or online. Their website also gives you specific instructions for how to replace eggs in cooking and baking to make super yummy vegan treats.
1 egg = 1 ½ teaspoon dry Egg Replacer plus 2 tablespoons water
1 egg white = 1 ½ teaspoon dry Egg Replacer plus 2 tablespoons water
1 egg yolk = 1 ½ teaspoon dry Egg Replacer plus 1 tablespoon water
2) Flax seeds:
If you'd like to eliminate eggs and add some extra Omega 3s to your recipe, flax seeds can be a great egg replacement option. Flax seeds can add a slightly nutty undertone to your baked goods. (It should be very slight or even undetectable for most baked goods). However, if you're making a very lightly flavored cake or cookie, and you're concerned about adding a nutty flavor into the mix, you might want to use the Ener-G egg replacer.
To use flax seeds as an egg replacer, use 2 tablespoons of ground flax seeds plus 3 tablespoons of water to replace 1 egg. The key is to make sure that that flax seeds are finely ground. A coffee or spice grinder will work very well. Grind the flax seeds as you need them and store any extra ground flax seeds in the freezer. The oils become unstable once ground and they will turn rancid quickly.
3) If you want to try making a homemade version of the Ener-G egg replacer, mix the following ingredients to replace 1 egg:
½ Tablespoon of corn starch or tapioca
½ Tablespoon of potato starch
⅛ teaspoon of baking powder
⅛ teaspoon of arrowroot powder
If you have a favorite egg replacer, please let us know!
Tech Media Discovers FCC Staffed With Dunces, Lobbyists
Opinion: gutting consumer protections fine, but don't pick on WOW
We've talked extensively of the FCC's dysfunction the last few years, be it Kevin Martin's well, Kevin-Martin-ness, Robert McDowell's fear mongering and disdain for reality, or Michael Copps tendency to rant extensively against an idiotic idea right before they vote for it.
Techmeme's top pundits are usually absent from most of these unsexy stories, eager to generate more hits by reviewing iPhone apps or promoting their own startups than say -- exploring how the FCC's effort to gut the video franchise system resulted in a laundry list of problems for rural American communities, or digging past the surface of FCC decisions that seem pro-consumer but are really just stage shows.
Only now that Commissioners are preparing to depart for jobs at telecom think tanks or lobbying firms, are some people noticing that we haven't exactly been stocking the FCC pond with the best and brightest. This week saw countless news outlets discover for the first time that FCC Commissioner Deborah Taylor Tate is, like many of their FCC colleagues, almost completely detached from reality.
The discovery was prompted by two speeches Tate gave this week aimed at pandering to their biggest constituents. In both speeches, Tate uses their platform to placate and lobby for industry -- regurgitating false broadband stats, praising Internet filters, declaring that video games are a leading cause of college dropouts, and cheerleading for digital rights management.
Tate's first speech was absolutely nothing more than an entertainment industry sales pitch, from their promotion of the industry's preferred digital fingerprinting and filtering technology from Audible Magic (which often doesn't work), to their use of over-inflated (and proven fabricated) statistics on piracy's economic impact. They top off their inaccuracy trifecta by loyally praising DRM as "very effective" (Tate's clearly not a Spore player).
Tate's second speech was a combination of self-promotion and telecom lobbying, the Commissioner again using inaccurate data -- this time to paint a rosy broadband industry picture in order to shill for industry deregulation, promote AT&T-backed Connected Nation, and rant against net-neutrality. But it was one sentence on World Of Warcraft that garnered more news coverage than anything Tate's done while on staff at the FCC:
quote: You might find it alarming that one of the top reasons for college drop-outs in the U.S. is online gaming addiction—such as World of Warcraft—which is played by 11 million individuals worldwide.
best not malign everybody's favorite MMORPG
The backlash was immediate, creating a firestorm of indignation among bloggers . Be warned FCC commissioners: you can wage war against consumer protections until you're blue in the face, you can distort statistics until the very fabric of the universe begins to bend, and you can shill for your favorite corporations until you collapse from the weight of their contributions and free trips to Vegas -- but you
Of course, like any good FCC Commissioner, Tate doesn't offer a source for their WOW statistics, highlighting how sourcing, science and data haven't recently been the FCC's strong suit. That's because positions are no longer based on technical specifics or science, but are forged out of partisan loyalty and a desire to please Commissioners' true constituents -- the companies they'll be lobbying for after they leave the FCC.
This dysfunction is bi-partisan in nature, and Tate's speeches this week highlight once again that maybe -- just maybe -- it's time to stock the FCC with technologists, network geniuses and experts in the field -- instead of partisan lawyers, lobbyists and yes-men and women. Not only might they objectively explore technical issues based on real science, they'd update the FCC website more than just once every half-decade
Why Men Need To Stand With Women's Soccer To Confront FIFA
Joe Maiorana/USA TODAY Sports MLS veteran and former U.S. men's national team member Robbie Rogers says men must join women's players in pushing back against some of FIFA's actions -- especially the use of artificial turf.
Tens of thousands of fans from around the world are packing stadiums in Canada to watch this year's Women's World Cup. It's been amazing the past few weeks to watch the U.S. women's national team compete and advance, and it's doing it in front of record crowds.
Unfortunately, FIFA, the governing body of soccer and organizer of all World Cups, has been in the news for a series of corruption charges that span the globe. The true impact of these actions is still unknown.
That has overshadowed some of the alarming inequities spawned by FIFA politics at the Women's World Cup -- inequities that directly impact a significant contingent of our soccer community. I want to help make sure we put a stop to it.
By now, you've probably heard the controversy around the Women's World Cup being played entirely on artificial turf. But it's important to keep talking about that issue as we see more and more instances where women's soccer is not treated the same as men's soccer -- such as this weekend, when we found out the U.S. women's team and its rival and semifinal opponent, Germany, are staying in the same hotel.
Just to refresh your memory on the turf issue, no previous World Cup, men's or women's, has been played on artificial turf -- none of the world's top tournaments have either, for good reason. I've personally experienced how much damage playing on artificial turf can do to a player's body, and several U.S. women's national team players, including forwards Abby Wambach and Sydney Leroux, have spoken out against it.
Tackling can cause layers of skin to peel off. Concussions are more likely. The game also changes when played on artificial turf. The ball moves faster; it bounces higher and unpredictably. Long balls are more likely to go out of bounds, and the flow of the game is often interrupted. Players in the men's World Cup would never be subjected to these conditions. The international community of soccer fans would protest on our behalf.
In my opinion, the fact that FIFA is requiring Women's World Cup competitors to play on subpar artificial turf is a case of gender discrimination, plain and simple. Several players in this year's Cup, including many of the world's most notable soccer stars, asked FIFA and the Canadian Soccer Association to treat them in the same manner as they would men and allow women players to compete on grass -- to no avail. The players then filed suit but had to drop it after FIFA countered with resistance and delay.
Throughout their battle, which has been ongoing for a year, the lack of wholehearted and outspoken support by more top male soccer players has been disappointing. Increased support from allies might have given these players more leverage when they tried to negotiate better playing conditions at this year's World Cup. I can only imagine what a few outspoken sponsors could have done to change the result.
I personally know the importance of having a broad spectrum of allies in the battle against discrimination. For me, having allies -- gay and straight, cisgender and transgender, male and female, athletes and non-athletes -- by my side encouraged me to get back into the sport I love. In fact, some of my most ardent and outspoken allies were women's soccer players.
And, with the recent announcement that nine new women's soccer players have joined the Athlete Ally Ambassador team to help make sport and society more inclusive for LGBT people, women's soccer players now make up one of the largest groups of athletes advocating for LGBT rights, with 30 ambassadors total.
Breaking down the barriers of discrimination is only possible when we stand together. Women -- across diverse races, orientations, identities and experiences -- have stepped outside of themselves throughout history to stand up for human rights. Men -- we, too, need to step up and be visible allies.
We need to consider the message that FIFA is sending to its players and fans. When it hosts the Women's World Cup on artificial turf, it is saying that men are more important -- that they deserve real grass, better performances and safer games. That female athletes are just an afterthought and that their experiences aren't a priority.
That message is not unlike FIFA's approach to LGBT athletes and fans when it decides to host the World Cup in countries with anti-LGBT laws. The ultimate takeaway for LGBT people is: You do not matter, and you are not welcome.
I know how that feels, and I know what it's like when straight people don't speak up against anti-LGBT discrimination.
But I also know what it's like when they do. That's why I'm calling on my fellow male athletes to join me in speaking out. FIFA's mission statement says that it seeks to promote the game "globally in the light of its unifying, educational, cultural and humanitarian values."
But FIFA's core mission is antithetical to its conduct here. The organization has a responsibility to treat women and men as equally the fans do and the players deserve. This must be the last Women's World Cup played on turf, period.
And men, we have a responsibility to demand it. Anything less is complicity, and complicity is culpability.
Robbie Rogers is a member of the LA Galaxy and a former U.S. men's national team member. He's the first openly gay player in MLS history and an advisory board member for Athlete Ally.
The RunCam Split 2 by RunCam is the second iteration on the only viable solution that marries an FPV camera with an HD action camera using a single lens. This is an attractive offering for those looking to consolidate their builds. It's also ideal for getting HD recording capability on smaller frames. I thought it would be a perfect solution for my 4-inch build based on the Shendrones Tweaker frame.
The RunCam Split 2 sells for $79.99 USD and you can get it from RunCam's Store, GetFPV, Amazon, or a number of other sources. It comes with the camera/board, mounting hardware for the board and camera, an extra (longer) cable to connect the camera to the board, several wiring harnesses, and a pluggable WiFi module for use with a smartphone. You'll need to supply your own SD card (Class 10 or higher, up to 64GB).
What's New in Version 2 of the RunCam Split?
The RunCam Split 2 seems more like an update to the V1 hardware than a true version 2. There are very few functional changes or new features. The changes directly address some of the most common complaints about V1.
RC25G ‘GoPro' Lens
This lens became so popular on the Split 1 that RunCam began offering it as an upgrade at purchase, and it's now the default lens on the Split 2. My understanding is the RC25G has a slightly more narrow field of view than the original version 1 lens, which helps reduce visibility of the propellers in HD recordings. It also produces higher quality video.
VBAT Voltage Input
Version 1 of the Split took a 5V voltage source, which is common for FPV cameras. This is a problem because the module consumes up to 650mA. Most 5V regulators found on PDBs or flight controllers can only supply 1A of current. This doesn't leave much room to run other peripherals off the 5V regulator. The Split V2 has an input voltage of 5V-17V so you can power it directly off your battery (2S-4S) with no current draw concerns.
WiFi Module Included
The WiFi Module was optional on version 1, but it's included with version 2. I feel that the mobile app (which uses the WiFi connection) is extremely useful for configuring the Split, so I'm glad to see the module is included by default.
Physical Changes
There are a number of physical changes in version 2.
Connection points have solder pads instead of connectors.
An additional metal layer that goes over the board to help hold the SD card in place and protect the electronics. The tab holding the SD card in place can lift out of the way to remove the SD card without taking the whole electronics stack apart.
The SD cardholder has been replaced with a regular spring loaded SD card slot.
WiFi module inserts horizontally instead of vertically.
Improved microphone
Assembly
Assembling the RunCam Split 2 is straightforward. It comes with a simple user manual with pinout diagrams and physical assembly instructions. It comes with two types of camera mounts to support a variety of frames. I had to get a little bit creative with my frame because the front standoffs are ever-so-slightly in the way of the camera mounting bracket. I ended up mounting the bracket upside down through holes in the top plate. This location moved the assembly back about half a centimeter, which is plenty of room for the mount.
The kit comes with eight silicone O-rings which should be mounted above and below the board. The rings protect the SD card in crashes. The buttons, LEDs, and USB/WiFi ports are all on the sides of the main circuit board for easy access. My only complaint is that the circuit board overhangs the standard 30.5mm footprint by a couple millimeters on each side. It's not drastic, but it might be a problem for smaller builds. If you're trying to build a very small quad, I recommend looking up the dimensions on the product page on RunCam's site for both the board and the camera mounting options.
Keep in mind that this adds an additional board to your electronics stack. If you're using a frame without much vertical room, make sure you do some measurements before buying. This should be easy to work around as all-in-one FC+PDB+ESC boards are becoming more and more common.
Finally, you'll probably want to soft mount the camera to reduce jello in your HD recordings. ‘Jello' refers to wobbliness in video footage due to vibrations. I expect some silicone O-rings or a layer of TPU between the frame and mounting bracket would be enough.
Usage
The RunCam Split 2 is fairly simple to operate. There are three modes: video mode, photo mode, and OSD setup mode. “OSD setup mode” refers to using an OSD menu on your FPV to configure the camera settings. The camera does not feature an integrated OSD like on the Swift 2, unfortunately.
A group of four LEDs indicate module power, WiFi power, mode, and recording status. Two push buttons are used to power on/off, change modes, start/stop recording, and navigate the settings menu. Some learning/memorization is required, because the buttons can be short or long pressed for a variety of functions.
The camera overlays a red, blinking dot in the top right corner of the video feed while recording is enabled. If you like a feature packed OSD, you might have to adjust the layout to avoid this dot. I don't think it will be a problem for most people, and it's a nice feature. The dot is only present in the FPV feed, not the HD recording.
Recorded video and photos can be obtained off the SD card through the micro USB port on the side of the board so you don't need to remove the SD card.
Transmitter Control
The UART connection from the flight controller allows you to control the RunCam Split 2 with transmitter channels. You can map up to three channels to control Wi-Fi power, recording status, and camera mode.
This feature has great potential, but the current implementation is pretty cumbersome (at least in Betaflight. I have not tested KISS). Switches/Channels map to modes in Cleanflight/Betaflight, similar to arming or airmode. However, switching a RunCam Split mode on is equivalent to pushing a button on the board. Switching the mode off is the same as releasing the button. I expected to be able to map a switch to on/off to start/stop recording. Instead, one must toggle the switch off and on to start, and again to stop recording. This true of the other two channels (mode switching and WiFi power).
This is a limitation of the RunCam Split Communication Protocol: there are only three messages which simulate button presses. In order to properly implement switch positions, the flight controller must query for the current state of recording, WiFi power, or mode of operation. It'd be great to see the RunCam firmware expand this communication protocol to include more getting/setting operations. If all camera settings were exposed through this protocol, OpenTx could see new features that allow pilots to configure the RunCam Split directly from their transmitter (just like video transmitters).
For now, it's still nice to be able to get to and navigate the settings menu from the transmitter. I'd recommend mapping these channels to momentary switches on your transmitter if possible. I have the start/stop recording channel mapped to my Taranis X9D's momentary switch.
WiFi Module & Mobile App
The WiFi module and mobile application are extremely useful. You get access to all of the settings directly on your phone (Android or iOS only) and avoid needing to navigate the menu through your goggles. This makes up for my complaints about the transmitter control functionality. In addition to settings, you can also see a live preview of the HD feed. Experimenting with exposure, white balance, and field of view is easier with the preview. You can also view recordings and photos directly on your phone.
Propellers in HD Footage
The most commonly cited drawback of the RunCam Split was the fact that propellers (and sometimes the edges of the frame itself) are visible in the HD footage. This is true of the Split 2, though I'm told the RC25G lens reduces the problem slightly.
Having the propellers in the HD field of view is unavoidable with this style of camera, and I don't consider it a flaw of the product. It comes down to personal preference: Some people like having the propellers in the field of view for a cockpit-style effect, and others don't. Either way, this is an important point to consider when deciding between the Split and a more traditional FPV cam plus separate action camera setup.
I think having the edges of the frame standoffs in the footage is more bothersome, but this is just a matter of physical placement of the camera mounts. You should be able to get creative with any frame and mount the camera far enough forward to avoid getting the standoffs in the corners of the footage.
The settings menu does let you adjust the field of view of the HD recording. Narrowing this a little bit might help get the propellers out of the frame.
Latency
The RunCam Split (both versions) has increased latency compared to other FPV cameras. This is a valid concern: Latency is one of the most important factors that affects FPV flight. A pilot's ability to react depends on latency: The faster a camera frame hits the eyeballs, the faster a flight adjustment can be made.
Oscar Liang has a great method for testing camera latency, and has already collected data on just about all the major FPV cameras, including the Split (his numbers are for version 1, but since version 2 appears to be mostly a physical update, I expect the latency to be about the same). On average, the Split has around 50ms of latency, which is about 25ms more latency than other top FPV cameras.
Here's the thing: More latency is bad, but the FPV camera is not the only component of total latency. There's also RC latency (time between moving the stick on your transmitter and it's reaching the receiver), flight controller latency (time between an RC command reaching the flight controller and it's having an effect on the output signals to the ESCs), ESC latency (time it takes the ESC to physically adjust the speed of the motors to match the RC command).
All of these latencies are orders of magnitude smaller than the dominating factor: Human reaction time. Reaction time is something around 200-250 miliseconds for the average person. In other words, it's going to take 200-250 milliseconds from when the images hit your eyeballs until your brain is able to make decisions based on what it sees. From there, latency increases based on good a pilot you are, and how quick your decision making or muscle memory is.
I suspect that the extra 25ms of latency isn't going to truly matter unless you're an expert pilot. Furthermore, I think it will matter most to freestyle pilots because they're more likely to have to react to unknown obstacles. Racers are generally aware of specifically where they're going, and the brain can actually compensate for latency by making stick movements slightly in advance of the video feed.
Video Quality
I have no complaints with video quality. The FPV footage is clear with reasonable exposure response. The HD recordings are comparable or better than other HD cameras of this price point. It records 1080P at 60fps (using a class 10 or better SD card — slower cards do work but are throttled to 30fps) and wide dynamic range.
Unfortunately I don't have any flight footage uploaded at this time. If you want to get a look at some HD footage, check out some of these reviews on YouTube. My experience matches what you see in these videos.
Albert Kim's Review (HD flight footage starts at about 4:45)
AndyRC's Review (DVR and HD flight footage starts at about 17:30)
RunCam Split 2 Conclusion and Recommendation
I think the RunCam Split 2 is a complete no-brainer for beginner and intermediate pilots (which is most of us). Lesser experienced pilots crash more often, and the RunCam Split is well protected inside the aircraft's frame. You don't have to worry about matching the angle of two separate cameras. This makes experimenting with different FPV camera angles much easier. It's also quite a bit cheaper than purchasing an FPV camera and HD action camera separately (unless you have several aircraft — then sharing a single HD camera might be cheaper). Finally, I argue the extra latency matters less to newer pilots.
The RunCam Split 2 is also an obvious choice for smaller builds where weight is a premium.
It's a tougher sell for expert pilots, for a few reasons. First, top freestyle pilots are usually monetizing their FPV footage in some way. Having propellers in the corners of the frame might be a dealbreaker. Also, expert pilots have great muscle memory and are more directly limited by system latency. For this reason, the extra latency will have more of an impact.
At any rate, I'm thrilled with the RunCam Split 2. It's going to have a permanent home in my 4-inch Tweaker build.
Thanks for reading and leave any questions or comments below! Follow @thejumperwire on Instagram, Twitter, and/or Facebook for updates on future articles and more!
All good multi-level marketing companies have one thing in common: They fail to disclose enough information to allow consumers and regulators to determine if they are in the business of recruiting or selling products. They disclose just enough facts and figures to make it appear that they are being transparent. But they hide enough information that no one could ever determine definitively if they are running pyramid schemes.
MLMs cleverly avoid the pyramid scheme issue by making it impossible to determine the level of retail sales of products to consumers. The companies effectively use the technique of plausible deniability: They purposely do not track retail sales, so when the business model is challenged with the assertion that few retail sales occur (and therefore they are recruiting schemes), executives can claim that they know no such thing!
Usana Watchdog has released a report on Usana Health Sciences, challenging the company's failure to reveal meaningful facts and figures that would allow consumers and law enforcement to determine whether the company is running an illegal pyramid scheme.
The crux of their analysis goes like this:
Usana has a 5 customer rule which requires distributors to sell products to 5 or more customers before becoming eligible to receive a commission check.
This theoretically ensures that Usana is not paying distributors to recruit, but is instead paying distributors for the sale of retail products.
Non-distributing associates of Usana are forbidden to retail products, and must have at least 5 preferred customers in their downline before being eligible to receive a commission check.
Distributing associates of Usana can retail products, and must sell to at least 5 retail customers and/or preferred customers before being eligible to receive a commission check.
Usana does not verify whether or not associates actually have 5 customers.
Usana reports that 1/3 of associates receive commission checks. Applied to the 247,000 active associates reported by Usana as of the fourth quarter of 2012, 82,300 associates received a commission check in that quarter.
64,000 preferred customers were reported in the fourth quarter of 2012. If we divide that by 5 (the number of customers required to be eligible for a commission check), we can assume that 12,800 of the associates receiving commission checks have met the requirement.
This leaves 69,500 associates receiving commission checks in the fourth quarter of 2012 for which we know nothing about their customers.
Do these 69,500 associates actually have 5 retail customers each? Or are they receiving commission checks in spite of not having the required number of retail customers?
Of course, Usana doesn't really track this, so they can't disclose any useful information. The only check and balance in place is an acknowledgement from distributors that they must have 5 retail customers in order to receive a commission check. No one verifies the retail customers of any associate, so it is possible that associates are purchasing inventory that is never sold (all for the purpose of qualifying for compensation).
If this is the case, Usana could be deemed an illegal pyramid scheme which is paying distributors for recruiting, rather than selling products. Fortune Hi Tech Marketing was shut down by regulators on this very basis. In fact, many multi-level marketing companies have characteristics in common with FHTM, which lends credibility to the allegation that they pyramid schemes.
While Sons of Anarchy fans are anxiously awaiting the final three episodes of the hit series, creator Kurt Sutter is already looking ahead to their next project, The Bastard Executioner. Currently being developed for FX by Sutter and producer Brian Grazer, the new series will follow the exploits of a 14th century warrior under the command of King Edward III, who is forced to return to their violent lifestyle after vowing to lay down their sword. Sutter has been scouting locations in the UK and plans to shoot the pilot in early 2015, and today wife Katey Sagal confirmed that they would also be involved in the new series.
“I'm going to be in it,” they told journalists during a conference call, when asked if they would have a role in The Bastard Executioner. “We don't know in what capacity yet, because he's just now working on it. But that's where we're going. I will definitely be involved with it.”
Although the actor didn't elaborate further, it's worth noting that this is the first bit of real casting news for the series. Sutter had previously said they didn't have anyone in mind yet, and likely wouldn't until they were further along in the writing process, and also hinted that they would be using a lot of British talent. But it certainly sounds like the husband-and-wife duo will continue their working relationship, which should be good news for viewers who have enjoyed Sagal's phenomenal run as the Sons of Anarchy matriarch.
The Bastard Executioner is expected to debut on FX in late 2015, provided that all goes according to Sutter's master plan. In the meantime, Sons of Anarchy fans can tune into FX to catch the final three episodes – and if last week's shocking ending is any indication, we haven't seen anything yet.
Check out our full interview with Katey Sagal right here. Sons of Anarchy airs Tuesday nights at 10pm, exclusively on FX.
FAX MARKETING CANADA
We will never share your email address with anyone and won't bombard you with emails. That's Our Promise.
Complete the following form, and we will call you right back to organise your first fax blast. Let our experts do the rest.
Not your ordinary fax company. A complete fax marketing solution. Proving A - Z support for your fax marketing campaigns at the cheapest rates in the world.
Companies who really believe in us:
Up To 3,000 Faxes per Month
Up To 10,000 Faxes Per Month
Pay-As-You-Go plans also available from as low as 1.5c per fax
Free International Fax Lists
All prices include full use of our extensive fax list. No more anoying list management. We do it for you.
Free Opt-Out Management
Managing opt-out requests can be a drag. But thanks to our list management, you no longer have to worry.
Design Service Available
Need help with designing a high converting fax? Let our experts do it for you for a nominal fee.
6 Million Faxes Per Hour
With one of the largest fax systems at our disposal, we can send an unparalleled number of faxes, meaning zero queuing.
Fax Flexibility
Do you have special requirement for your fax out? No problem, our dedicate specialists can assist you with your requirements
Fax Formats
The sniper is the only person to face prosecution over the killing of civilians during the three-week Israeli incursion launched at the end of 2008.
Investigators said they had uncovered evidence that the soldier identified as "First Sergeant S" opened fire as the victims walked with a group of people waving a white flag.
Witnesses described how they fired at Majda Abu Hajjaj, 35, and their mother Salma Abu Hajjaj, 64.
In a hearing last month, the soldier claimed to have fired at the women's legs but said they had not intended to kill them. They maintained that they thought their fellow soldiers' lives were at risk as the group of about 30 people approached a military post.
But their statements were contradicted by those of Palestinian witnesses who said the women were part of a group of civilians waving white flags.
It is the first charge in connection with allegations of misconduct of soldiers during the three weeks of fighting during the war which Israel launched in a bid to halt rocket-fire into its southern towns.
The fighting, which left some 1,400 Palestinians dead and 13 Israelis, sparked international criticism of the Jewish state.
The charge comes as international pressure continues to charge certain officials and soldiers with war crimes for their roles in the operation.
Such cases could be deeply embarrassing for Israel and have made it difficult for some of its most senior politicians and army officers to travel outside of the country for fear of arrest.
Human rights groups said the army's decision to issue the manslaughter indictment along with several other indictments of other soldiers on the basis of misconduct appeared to reflect an understanding that the safety of their soldiers and officers abroad was becoming increasingly perilous.
Sarit Michaeli, spokesperson for the Israeli human rights group B'Tselem, was the first group to bring forward details about the soldier who shot on the women carrying white flags.
"The release of the Goldstone Report and various international events triggered the military, we think, to put more effort into these investigations," they said.
"It seemed that were investigations were going at a slow pace until the wide-scale international pressure was launched."
Ms Michaeli said the decision to prosecute within Israel was a part of an attempt by authorities to avoid the scenario of court battles abroad.
"If anything the first line of defence that soldiers have against prosecution abroad are serious investigations at home a court would probably throw out a claim for something being dealt with here," they said.
Other prosecutions announced by the army will include a battalion commander who is accused of violating prohibitions against using civilians for operational activity. They were alleged to have used a Palestinian as a human shield by sending them into a house to speak to gunmen.
A brigadier general and a colonel were also reprimanded for authorising an artillery attack which hit a UN compound in Gaza, the army said in February.
Avihai Mandelblit, the military advocate general also ordered a criminal investigation into the deaths of 29 members of one family in the first days of the war.
The Israeli Defence Forces office defended the military's actions, saying the fighting was, "limited in the scope of fire and forces used". "IDF soldiers operated in crowded urban areas while Hamas made deliberate and cynical use of the Palestinian population, creating a complex security situation," it said.
HOUSTON — Consider the scheme, not the faces.
That should be the overriding takeaway when assessing the Patriots starting defense's initial performance of the preseason Saturday against the Texans. They allowed a touchdown, a pair of drives inside the 10-yard line and 6 yards per play in the initial two series of the game, which obviously isn't a resume booster, but there's no reason to be alarmed with 17 days remaining until the regular-season opener.
Cornerback Malcolm Butler had a forgettable night by allowing four catches for 59 yards and a touchdown in two series, but that is a wild aberration for the Patriots' best defensive player through the opening month of training camp. Compare that to last season, when they allowed four catches just four times in 19 games. And Butler didn't surrender more than two catches in any of the final seven outings, including the playoffs.
The Patriots opened the night with one of their favorite looks of the summer. They had a six-man front with defensive linemen Lawrence Guy, Vincent Valentine, Malcom Brown and Kony Ealy in the middle, and linebackers Harvey Langi and Kyle Van Noy on the edges. Linebacker Elandon Roberts and safety Patrick Chung manned the second level, while Butler, cornerback Stephon Gilmore and deep safety Devin McCourty filled out the defense. That was as exotic as it would be, and the Texans began with a 4-yard run from Lamar Miller.
From there on out, the Patriots ran a bland, predictable defense. They'll save the fun stuff — and there's plenty of that — for the games that matter, including the Week 3 rematch with the Texans in Foxboro.
Also, remember linebackers Dont'a Hightower and Shea McClellin, and defensive linemen Trey Flowers and Deatrich Wise didn't see the field. Flowers was in uniform but was held out for undisclosed reasons, while the other three have been dealing with injuries.
At any rate, there were issues for the starters who did see the field, but they were largely correctable. Roberts, whose coverage skills aren't their strong suit, got tangled in traffic and that allowed Bruce Ellington's 12-yard catch on the second snap of the game. It's likely they wouldn't have been on the field for that play if Hightower and McClellin were healthy.
Later in the opening drive, Van Noy had a rare blitz when they were flagged for roughing quarterback Tom Savage. But with McCourty and Chung lined up directly behind Van Noy and over the Texans' pair of tight ends, it was obvious that Van Noy was blitzing. That's a vanilla look for Savage, who still needed a bailout from the officials.
Ellington beat Butler for 37 yards on the ensuing play. First, it was a surprise that Savage made the quick throw because Butler had good leverage in coverage. But ultimately, Butler mistimed the jump — a similar issue occurred Wednesday in practice — and Ellington rewarded Savage's faith. Butler surely will be tested with similar throws early in the season, so that will be a point of emphasis in practice.
The Patriots were mostly fine on the rest of the opening drive despite rushing four on passing plays. Guy continued their summer surge with a sack after bull-rushing the right guard, and Gilmore's breakup forced a third-and-17.
The back seven played off coverage due to the down and distance, so Butler relinquished a catch to Ellington by design, before safety Nate Ebner's missed tackle allowed a short catch to turn into an 11-yard gain. Ebner won't be on the field in defensive situations in the regular season unless there are at least a couple of injuries with the safety group.
The Texans would have certainly taken the easy three points in a meaningful game, but chose to go for it on fourth-and-6 from the 8-yard line, and Guy halted Miller for 2 yards. Credit Ealy on that play, too. They opened with a wide rush, recognized the draw and reverted to their run gap to help in support. Those are the types of plays that will keep Ealy on the field.
There were some defensive substitutions for the second series. The Patriots opened with a four-man front of Langi, Branch, Valentine and Caleb Kidder, who appears to be a longshot to make the 53-man roster. Ryan Griffin then beat linebacker David Harris for a 6-yard catch. Harris, who surely will be protected in coverage situations, stuffed Miller for no gain on the next play, showing that their strength remains as a downhill player.
The Texans converted on the ensuing third-and-4 because Savage had enough time to stare into the solar eclipse before delivering a 15-yard pass to Stephen Anderson. But the four-man rush included Langi, Valentine, Adam Butler and Kidder. Butler is a practice-squad candidate like Kidder, and with standard health across the board, Langi and Valentine are still backups despite their nice camps.
Langi, who had a QB hit and a pressure in the first three series while other starters were in the game, made a couple of mistakes in the second drive. Their delayed blitz was a step late, which allowed Savage to hit Tyler Ervin for 6 yards, and Langi later committed a hands-to-the-face penalty to set up first-and-goal from the 4 instead of third-and-7 from the 9. Butler then got beat by Jaelen Strong for a 2-yard score on a double move. Butler didn't allow a TD after Week 12 last season.
So, the contingent of starters didn't have an ideal start to the preseason, but this vanilla-based scheme won't be used when the games actually count. The Patriots had no desire to put the good stuff on film in Houston.
Securing prime property requires finding a good broker, doing a lot of your own legwork, and patience
by John Rebchook
It took Mike Cuthriell 11 months to find the ideal location for Metropolitan Wellness Center, a medical marijuana dispensary seven blocks from the Capitol dome in Washington DC.
They encountered many false starts and dead ends before finding the right spot in 2013.
“Some buildings would be great, but the landlord/owner would be unappealing,” said Cuthriell, president of the dispensary, which operates in a 1,000-square-foot facility. In other cases, the landlord was great, but the space or location was inadequate. Neighbor opposition also forced Cuthriell to look elsewhere.
They were working simultaneously on several locations to submit their business license application – when all but one collapsed.
Cuthriell finally found the ideal location with the help of brokers. But they also did a lot of their own legwork. And, like any wise homebuyer, they had their financing lined up before they began their search.
“I was fortunate I started early,” Cuthriell said. “I had time to introduce myself, my business plan, establish a rapport with my landlord and ultimately negotiate a position that was a win-win.”
Location can make or break a retail cannabis business. And Cuthriell was fortunate. They opened the Metropolitan Wellness Center in Washington's popular Capitol Hill neighborhood, where the 2015 median household income topped $120,000, according to City-Data.com.
Cuthriell's nearly year-long search underscores the hurdles prospective marijuana retailers face when shopping for a property. They can encounter many roadblocks, including restrictions on where operators can open a storefront as well as landlords who don't want to lease the space. Below are tips for navigating the obstacles.
Don't Go It Alone
Rather than simply drive around neighborhoods yourself, enlist the help of a real estate broker. That person should have intimate knowledge of the geographic area as well as all local and state regulations and zoning requirements related to marijuana businesses.
You can find a broker through a Google search and by asking other successful owners of cannabis operations for recommendations.
A broker well-versed in the industry will keep a running list of suitable locations and be able to tell you how much it will cost to buy or lease the property.
According to Joel Meranski, a commercial real estate executive with Western Centers in Aurora, Colorado, information at the fingertips of a suitable broker should include:
A building's square footage
Ceiling height
Layout of the space
Zoning issues and distance requirements from other dispensaries and nearby parks and schools
Meranski recommends hiring a local broker who knows the lay of the land and the regulations, even though they themselves have done deals in several states while a commercial real estate broker at the Denver office of a Seattle firm.
Why a local? It is unreasonable to expect brokers to understand the rules and regulations specific to every single state that permits recreational or medicinal marijuana sales.
Do Your Own Legwork
Cuthriell, for their part, worked with two different agents. They advise fellow marijuana entrepreneurs to not depend solely on brokers, though.
“Get in your car and knock on doors,” Cuthriell said. “Find the location that you think is best.”
Ask the owner of a building what it would take to lease the space for your business, they said.
“You have to be really aggressive, or you'll get beat by the company that is,” Cuthriell said.
It's also worth noting that marijuana retailers don't need a lot of space. Cuthriell said most dispensaries have 2,000 square feet or less. That's about the size of a typical freestanding Starbucks. Cuthriell, however, said they wouldn't hesitate to take a larger space if the market is strong and your service is top-notch.
Know That Location is Key
“Geographic location is of utmost importance when dealing with recreational or medical cannabis real estate,” said John Graff, principal of Los Angeles-based John Graff Real Estate, a brokerage that works with marijuana clients.
But because marijuana shop owners often must locate at least 1,000 feet from schools, public parks and hospitals, not to mention each other, you will have fewer choices than other businesses.
It's also becoming harder every day to find a good location, especially in established markets. Graff said “the problem is only getting more difficult,” pointing to “the increased demand in this industry” for space and “a finite amount of real estate.”
Also, be prepared to get rejected for an otherwise ideal site because of a recalcitrant landlord. Often, no amount of sweet talking – or even higher-than-market rents – will convince a wary landlord to lease you space.
“Efforts are regularly made to assuage any concerns of landlords. But as a real estate broker, I would be pushing an ethical boundary if I didn't acknowledge the legitimate concerns of these landlords,” Graff said. “The federal status of marijuana creates a thick cloud of uncertainty that is undeniable.”
However, regulations can create a silver lining: They can reduce competition. The importance of location is reduced slightly in areas where the number of retail licenses is capped, according to Cuthriell. That's because there is little concern that two businesses will locate on the same block and compete for the same customers, they said.
“In states where governments thoughtfully assign licenses in a geographic spread, you may enjoy the ‘if you build it, they will come' effect,” Cuthriell said.
Think About Parking
Parking is another key consideration. It's helpful to have at least three to five parking spaces reserved for your clients if you are in a stand-alone building, said Meranski of Western Centers.
Your parking spaces will likely turn over every 10 to 15 minutes, although some customers familiar with the products will be in and out of your store in less than five minutes, Meranski said.
If the retail outlet is in a strip shopping center, they added, dedicated parking spaces are not as important. That's because the other consumers who are there to buy a bottle of wine, visit the gym or have lunch will free up adequate spaces in a timely manner.
Weigh the Demographics, Nearby Shops
As with any shop, a marijuana retailer benefits from being on a busy street that can attract drive-by customers. It's also helpful to be near high-density, luxury apartment buildings that attract young professionals, who can easily walk to your establishment.
On the other hand, apps such as WeedMaps and Leafly will help customers find you if your dispensary or rec shop is off the beaten path.
All retailers benefit from traffic from other nearby stores. That's why you find barber shops near grocery stores, for example. A hair cutter likes the walk-by traffic generated by a grocer.
“Unfortunately, due to the difficulty locating suitable space, most clients don't have the luxury of getting this granular into location preference,” Graff said of marijuana business owners.
And in some markets, there are no options for new cannabis stores, Meranski said.
A case in point is Aurora, Colorado's third-largest city. Aurora issued 24 retail marijuana licenses to qualified operators and they are all spoken for, they said.
“If you were lucky enough to have your name picked out of a hat, you hit a gold mine,” but now there are no additional locations available in Aurora, Meranski said.
In markets that cap the number of marijuana retailers, don't even think about seeking a license unless you already have a space under control, they said. Communities with license caps almost always require license applicants to have at least an option to lease a specific space before a license is grated.
Bigger Fish Have More Options
For the bigger players looking to expand their marijuana retail portfolios, the best option may be to snap up floundering mom-and-pop operations, Meranski said. Smaller businesses can't compete with the big operators on quality, cost and service, they said.
The small operators are being bought out by big names, much the way the defunct video rental company Blockbuster in its heyday bought out mom-and-pop operators renting out videos from garages and storefronts.
The big players increasingly are not interested in buying “one-off” deals, such as a single store sandwiched between a hair dresser and a tattoo parlor.
“What they want to do is buy 10 or 12 dispensaries and maybe two grow houses in one transaction,” Meranski said. “Basically, they are buying out their competition.”
Streeter Lecka/Getty Images
Michael Jordan, the keeper of the throne, has showboated their way right into one of the worst seasons as an owner in the history of the league.
The Charlotte Bobcats have failed in every avenue after once being predicted to shine into a spot in the playoffs in the preseason. The Bobcats have now barreled so deep into their demise that Jordan has threatened the fans with something they have yearned for since their arrival.
“I told Rich to make us better,” Jordan told one associate recently. “If that doesn't work and I can't make a profit in the next three to four years, then I'm selling.”
This should not be a surprise. A former player so accustomed to being the strongest suit in the league has become the epitome of the answer to the question: Why shouldn't great NBA players achieve true positions of power in the front office?
One would assume that Jordan knows talent.
They fought through flu-like symptoms to show how amazing they were and won six championship rings by demonstrating the knowledge of the court vision and recognizing skill. What was lost in the excitement of their legacy as a player is that all of that was done with their own talent in mind.
It is much easier for a player to figure out how to manipulate their own attributes to function and exercise their potential than to watch another player and fiddle with their limits to put together a dynasty as Jordan experienced with the Chicago Bulls.
The NBA could only be so lucky to watch Jordan end their stint in the front office and retire on a remote island. Jordan has been an underwhelming owner far too long for anyone's liking. Yet, who can say they did not see this coming?
This is the same Michael Jordan that was president of the Washington Wizards when they drafted Kwame Brown with the No. 1 overall pick. They were fired, and now, as Charlotte's majority owner, apparently wants out.
That is, unless Charlotte begins emulating their rise in the NBA.
Of course, the turn would not be expected to be abrupt, but if Jordan does not see vast improvement soon, then they could be run out of town by the only thing that can strike fear in their heart.
Failure.
Update: B.J. Evans, Charlotte Bobcats' Director of Communications, reports that Michael Jordan denies reports that they may be selling the Charlotte Bobcats, via Twitter.
Last night, I watched a really interesting political debate, in which the candidates engaged one another substantively about their vision for the country's future.
The candidates demonstrated deep understanding of economic statistics. They talked about how to define a recession, whether rosy-looking job growth statistics ought to be adjusted for population growth, and whether more recent job market weakness could be ascribed solely to the effect of falling energy prices — a good trend in the long run.
They had nuanced disagreements and offered economic rationales for their positions. A moderate candidate, the son of a respected former national leader, warned that raising corporate taxes would discourage job creation and called for higher personal income taxes on top earners instead; their farther-left opponent surprisingly argued that personal income taxes shouldn't be raised because they're already very high on top earners, and raising them more would make it hard to retain doctors.
The candidates discussed the relative merits of competing policies, like balanced budgets and fiscal stimulus, without resorting to too much demagoguery. They acknowledged hard trade-offs; for instance, building pipelines might lead to more greenhouse gas emissions, but blocking their construction might just mean the shipment of oil by more environmentally risky means. They suggested creative means to expand the economy, like tearing down barriers to trade within the country.
Solar cycle 24 has seen very low solar activity thus far, likely the lowest in 100 years.
Guest essay by David Archibald
Figure 1: F10.7 Flux 2014 – 2017
The F10.7 flux shows that over the last three and a half years the Sun has gone from solar maximum through a bounded decline to the current stage of the trail to minimum. Solar minimum is likely to be still three years away.
Figure 2: F10.7 Flux of Solar Cycles 19 to 24 aligned on month of minimum
Solar Cycle 24 is sitting at the lower bound of activity for solar cycles back to 1964, the start of Solar Cycle 19. From here to minimum though, it looks like Solar Cycle 24 will have much lower volatility than the solar cycles that preceded it.
Figure 3: Oulu Neutron Count 1964 – 2017
According to Svensmark's theory, the neutron flux, with its effect on cloud cover and thus the Earth's albedo, is one of the bigger climate drivers. For Solar Cycle 24, the neutron flux duly turned around and starting rising again in 2015, one year after solar maximum. It is a safe bet that the neutron flux is heading for a record high at solar minimum (+ one year) relative to the instrumental record.
Figure 4: Oulu Neutron Count aligned on month of solar minimum
The last weak solar cycle was Solar Cycle 20 which caused the 1970s Cooling Period. From the same stage in that cycle the neutron count flattened out to minimum. That could happen for Solar Cycle 24 but it is more likely to keep rising to minimum as 23 did and thus we can expect a count, at the end, of over 7,000.
Figure 5: F10.7 Flux and Oulu Neutron Count 1964 – 2017
If we conflate the F10.7 flux and the Oulu neutron count inverted, that shows they tracked each other closely up to 2004. Something changed in 2004 and since then the neutron count has been higher relative to its previously established correlation with the F10.7 flux.
Figure 6: Ap Index 1932 – 2017
Figure 6 shows that what changed in 2004 was the magnetic output of the Sun, shown in this instance by the Ap Index. Prior to that, there seemed to be a floor of activity at solar minima, just as the floor of activity for the F10.7 flux is 64. Three years to minimum and the Sun is now back to that level.
Figure 7: Solar Polar Field Strength 1976 – 2017
The best predictor of the amplitude of the next solar cycle is the strength of the solar polar magnetic fields at solar minimum. Figure 7, from the Wilcox Solar Observatory, shows that the solar polar magnetic fields at minimum have been weakening with each successive cycle.
Figure 8: Solar Polar Field Strength aligned on minimum strength at solar maximum
Solar Cycle 25 started from the blocks looking like it was going to be very weak and fulfill the prophecies of those predicting a Maunder-like experience for the 2020s. Then after a couple of years it caught up with Solar Cycle 24. Looking back over the previous three cycles, the solar polar field strength at this stage, three years before minimum, has been close to the value at minimum. On that assumption, Solar Cycle 25's amplitude is likely to be two thirds of that of Solar Cycle 24, and thus 60. Further climatic cooling is therefore in store.
Figure 9: Sunspot Area 1985 – 2016
NASA has deigned to give us another nine months of sunspot area data by hemisphere, up to September 2016. The strong asymmetry between the northern and southern hemispheres continues. The fact that the hemispheric peaks of the last three cycles align indicate that there is a multi-decadal force operating in the vertical dimension. The chance that two sets of three points line up exactly by themselves is infinitesimal.
Figure 10: Hemispheric Sunspot Area and F10.7 Flux
As shown by Figure 10, total sunspot area tracks the F10.7 flux closely.
David Archibald is the author of American Gripen: The Solution to the F-35 Nightmare
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Man, forget NASCAR and its participation trophy stage racing. Forget Formula One and how even the drivers don't give a shit this year. The only racing I want to watch is Australia's Improved Production Car Championship, and this wacky Honda Civic vs. Toyota AE86 battle is the best thing I've seen on track in forever.
I'll be honest: I had no idea this series even existed until I saw it on a cursory browse of r/cars this morning. It is what its name implies: an Aussie series for modified road cars, divided up by engine sizes. This particular race was ahead of last weekend's Adelaide Clipsal 500 V8 Supercars race, which explains why it was on Fox Sports down there.
This particular clip shows one hell of a dogfight between the rear-drive Toyota AE86 Corolla and a front-drive Honda Civic, both small-wheelbase cars with similarly sized naturally aspirated engines. They're pretty evenly matched throughout the race, and there's a ton of back and forth until the end when the Hachiroku takes the checkered flag. It's like Initial D, but in real life, on a track, with Australians.
Alas, not everyone fares well out there:
Advertisement
This is the only racing I wish to watch from now on, please and thank you.
In one case, Brampton Crown attorney David D'Iorio introduced hearsay evidence and improperly cross-examined the accused, which ultimately led to Ontario's top court ordering a new trial.
The government's secretive discipline system for Crown attorneys is again being called into question following recent criticism from the Court of Appeal of two Crown attorneys' courtroom conduct.
D'Iorio's conduct would also potentially attract attention from the regulatory body “because you're supposed to know what the law is and conduct yourself in a competent fashion,” Moustacalis said.
“It would attract attention and scrutiny from the Law Society, if it was done by a defense lawyer,” said Criminal Lawyers' Association president Anthony Moustacalis of Malik.
In the other matter, Toronto Crown attorney Sunita Malik was found to have made as many as five errors in their closing address to the jury at a murder trial. But the appeal court declined to order a new trial, finding the judge's instructions to the jury on Malik's mistakes were sufficient.
But as noted by a previous Star investigation in 2014, the Ministry's process is secretive, and the government was unable to say at the time how many complaints have been lodged against the province's nearly 1,000 prosecutors and how many had been recently disciplined for misconduct.
Moustacalis said the Law Society has previously told the CLA that a main consideration is the fact that the Crown attorneys' employer — the Ministry of the Attorney General — already has an internal discipline process.
Defense lawyers have noted that some of their colleagues have been disciplined in public for fairly minor conduct, including being rude and discourteous to other lawyers and in court.
The CLA has complained for years about what the organization sees as a lack of investigation by the Law Society into Crown attorneys' conduct and a lack of public discipline hearings for them — the kind of hearing any other lawyer in Ontario must face when slapped with discipline charges.
The Law Society cannot ever confirm or deny that it is investigating a lawyer. Both D'Iorio and Malik declined to comment through a spokesperson for the Ministry of the Attorney General.
The Law Society has disciplined prosecutors in the past, although it was unable to provide the number of cases this week. Moustacalis said those cases are generally instances where a prosecutor has already been found guilty of criminal conduct.
In contrast, lawyers who have gone through a public discipline hearing is then the subject of a public ruling by the Law Society Tribunal, allowing anyone to see what penalty, if any, the lawyer was given.
“We are aware of the recent court decisions that you referred to,” said Law Society spokesperson Susan Tonkin. “When there are allegations and evidence of a breach, the Law Society investigates and, if the evidence warrants, takes disciplinary action, which is public.”
A Ministry of the Attorney General spokesperson said that aside from falling under the jurisdiction of the Law Society, Crown attorneys are also subject to internal Crown policies and practices.
“I can tell you that the Ministry takes judicial rulings very seriously and is careful to monitor the quality of its prosecutions and conduct of Crown counsel,” said spokesperson Philip Klassen. “To that end, Crown counsel are held to the highest standard and are expected to conduct themselves professionally and fairly at all times.”
They said concerns about a Crown attorney's conduct are referred to their supervisor, and that remedial and disciplinary action is considered where appropriate.
“The mere fact that (prosecutors) are lawyers means they are responsible to the Law Society and the Law Society has full powers over prosecutors in the same way as any other lawyer, and so I really don't get the idea that this is somehow something special,” said Osgoode Hall Law School professor Allan Hutchinson.
“To use a phrase that lawyers often like to say, ‘Justice has to not only be done, but seen to be done.' And the idea that people are being disciplined and sanctioned in private is a silly idea when it's being done to lawyers.”
D'Iorio's conduct at the trial of Bickramjit Dhaliwal — who was convicted for possession of guns and drugs and public mischief — “deprived the appellant of a fair trial,” a three-judge panel of the Court of Appeal found in August, ordering a new trial, which could potentially cost tens of thousands of dollars.
During a recess before D'Iorio resumed their cross-examination of the final defense witness, they placed a long-distance call to the husband of the accused's niece, Parminder, who was not set to testify. They made the call on the courtroom phone with the speaker on.
Although the jury and the defense witness were not present, lawyers, the accused and observers were in the courtroom. D'Iorio then used information gathered from the call to assist them in their cross-examination of the witness, Bakshish, sister to the accused.
Chief Justice George Strathy, on behalf of the panel, wrote that if the Crown wanted to obtain information from Parminder to help with their cross-examination, they should have made the call outside the courtroom and then disclosed it to the defence.
“This not only introduced hearsay to the jury, possibly serving to undermine Bakshish's testimony, it put the Crown's own credibility at issue,” Strathy wrote.
“It is impossible to say what the effect of this conduct was on the jury's assessment of Bakshish's credibility. What can be said is that it fell short of the standard expected of the Crown.”
In another case decided in August by the Court of Appeal, Malik, the Toronto Crown attorney, was found to have displayed conduct that was “disturbing” in their closing address at the murder trial of Jimmy John.
John was ultimately convicted by a jury of second-degree murder, and the trial judge dismissed the defence's application for a mistrial.
Their appeal lawyer, James Lockyer, had argued in their factum at the Court of Appeal that Malik had committed similar errors in their closing address at another trial, but this was not mentioned in the Court of Appeal's ruling in the John case.
“In my opinion, the trial Crown fell below the expected standard of propriety and fairness conduct in this case. I find two aspects of their conduct disturbing,” wrote Court of Appeal Justice Robert Sharpe for the panel in the John case.
“The first is the number of transgressions. This is not a case where the Crown slipped and stepped over the line on one occasion. The trial judge found it necessary to give corrective instructions on five different points. My second concern is that the Crown's improper conduct targeted fundamental procedural rights of the appellant.”
Criminal defense lawyer John Struthers said transparency is key if the government were to take remedial or disciplinary action against a Crown attorney, given that they are public officers.
“The scales of justice are a balance and the open and public disciplining of lawyers should also be balanced,” they said.
“When they are not, the defence feels the chill. Defend ‘too hard,' (and) you'll be hauled up in public, but prosecute ‘too hard' and not to worry.”
Courtroom errors
The Court of Appeal found Sunita Malik made several errors in their closing address to the jury:
They “strongly suggested” that John, who had testified on their own behalf, had tailored their evidence after hearing the Crown's case against him. (Malik later denied in court that this was their intention.) The court said this violated a well-established principle that prohibits allegations that an accused has tailored their evidence after receiving evidence from the Crown, which is their constitutional right.
They misstated evidence in relation to one of the Crown's witnesses.
They misstated the evidence in relation to another witness and invited the jury to speculate on their actions at the murder scene.
The court found Malik attempted “to diminish or minimize the concept of reasonable doubt and the onus of proof on the Crown,” when they stated to the jury:
“It is a standard of proof which applies to each and every person charged with a criminal offence in Canada, and as I am certain that you all know, using the same standard, hundreds, if not thousands of people are convicted of criminal cases every year, so it is clearly not an insurmountable burden.”
The court concluded they “belittled” the standard of reasonable doubt.
Last week, Tesla started selling used cars. It made the move quietly, while we were all thinking about the company's new batteries for home energy storage.
The pre-owned Model S sedans come from owners who have traded them in—mostly to upgrade to the dual-motor P85D. They are available for sale in 11 markets, including New York, Los Angeles, Washington, D.C., Florida, and the Bay Area (of course). Before you ask, you don't get a new battery. You do, however, get a four-year, 50,000-mile limited warranty, plus the remainder of the original eight-year, infinite mile warranty that covers the battery and drive unit. So if the lithium-ion pack under your feet craps out, you'll probably be covered.
The pre-owned Model S sedans listed online aren't cheap, but they are available. And that may be their biggest selling point.
The most affordable ones are $65,000, and some cost more than $100,000. That's not far below the price range of a new Model S. Tesla says it sets the price based mostly on how much it had to pay the original owner for the trade-in. Its residual value guarantee program promises a Model S will still be worth at least 50 percent of its base price, plus 43 percent of the cost of options (including an upgrade to a more powerful battery pack).
Even without that explainer, Tesla could justify high prices. These cars haven't changed much since they were first delivered. Most of them have pretty low mileage (lots have fewer than 4,000 miles). Electric vehicles don't have many moving parts that need replacing, especially compared to a car with an internal combustion engine. There are fewer fluids to swap out, there's no exhaust system. The brakes don't get worn down so much, thanks to regenerative braking.
Tesla Motors
Plus, the Model S has only been available for three years, so there hasn't been enough time for serious depreciation. The biggest question mark is how long the battery will last—and the car's so new, we don't really know yet—but the very generous warranty makes it a moot point. With that guarantee, you've basically got a new car.
Another contributor to the high cost is the lack of the juicy subsidies that knock thousands of dollars of the price tag of a new EV, like the $7,500 federal tax credit and the $2,500 rebate you can nab in California. Owners cashed those in when they picked up the cars new, so when you buy or lease an old Model S, the government's not going to help you out.
Lastly, there's the fact that Tesla is still selling cars as fast as it can build them. Demand is greater than supply, so the upstart automaker can demand a premium for any of its cars. Waiting time varies by model and time of year, but order a new Model S now, according to the company's website, and you'll be waiting for delivery until late June. Reserve a Model X SUV, due to hit the market in July, and you won't get behind the wheel until 2016.
All of which means the pre-owned program is more about making Tesla cars available than making them affordable. This is, after all, an in-demand luxury car, and one of the most serious complaints about it is that it's hard to get one (also: no cup holders in the back seat). "It's just another source for Tesla buyers who want one and couldn't get on the listteor didn't want to wait for the new ones that are back ordered," says Karl Brauer, a senior analyst at Kelley Blue Book.
Tesla says "the Pre-Owned Model S program gives even more people the opportunity to own Model S, and showcases its value." That second part is important. A secondary market, Brauer says, can "help validate the car's lifecycle," and prove it's more than "a shiny new vehicle that's interesting."
The timing of the used car program is logical. Last October's introduction of the Model S "D" variants, with a second motor and all-wheel drive, encouraged customers who want the latest and greatest to trade in their suddenly lame single-motor, rear-wheel drive cars. Tesla has been offering a three-year lease since early 2013, so those cars will be coming back soon. And the much anticipated Model X will trigger more Model S trade-ins.
What we don't know yet is how many people will want an older Model S when they could spend a bit more money for a dual-motor "D" version, or the Model X. But if Tesla's cars continue to generate the demand they always have, that shouldn't be an issue. And if they don't, there's always that home energy scheme.
Beanstalk's Git CDN (a.k.a. world domination)
Posted on August 13, 2013 by Chris Nagele
The biggest downside of running (and using) a hosted service is latency. When it comes to version control, this is an even larger problem considering the size of each transaction and the distributed nature of teams today. Our customers are not just from the U.S., Europe or Asia, they have teams spread out around the entire world. Simply moving their repos to servers closest to their main office is not an option, it has to be fast for everyone.
After a lot of testing and hard work, I am extremely proud to announce the Beta of Beanstalk's Git CDN.
This new, globally distributed architecture will automatically route you to a Git server in your region, drastically improving the speed of Git operations for you and your team. For instance, our customers in Australia will hit a server in Australia or APAC. Our customers in Europe will be able to push and pull to a cluster in Europe. This means less issues and much lower latency as you use Beanstalk.
This feature is currently in private beta as we get more people to test it. If you are located outside of the US or have a remote team, please fill out our form to apply for the beta. Once we feel comfortable with the new infrastructure we will open it up publicly.
As a hosted service with a global customer base it is extremely important that we maintain performance for everyone. This is a huge step in that direction and something we've wanted to do for a long time. Both Dima and Russ on the team really nailed it.
Prefixes for binary multiples In December 1998 the International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), the leading international organization for worldwide standardization in electrotechnology, approved as an IEC International Standard names and symbols for prefixes for binary multiples for use in the fields of data processing and data transmission. The prefixes are as follows: Prefixes for binary multiples Factor Name Symbol Origin Derivation 210 kibi Ki kilobinary: (210)1 kilo: (103)1 220 mebi Mi megabinary: (210)2 mega: (103)2 230 gibi Gi gigabinary: (210)3 giga: (103)3 240 tebi Ti terabinary: (210)4 tera: (103)4 250 pebi Pi petabinary: (210)5 peta: (103)5 260 exbi Ei exabinary: (210)6 exa: (103)6 Examples and comparisons with SI prefix one kibibit 1 Kibit = 210 bites = 1024 bit one kilobit 1 kbit = 103 bites = 1000 bit one mebibyte 1 MiB = 220 B = 1 048 576 B one megabyte 1 MB = 106 B = 1 000 000 B one gibibyte 1 GiB = 230 B = 1 073 741 824 B one gigabyte 1 GB = 109 B = 1 000 000 000 B It is suggested that in English, the first syllable of the name of the binary-multiple prefix should be pronounced in the same way as the first syllable of the name of the corresponding SI prefix, and that the second syllable should be pronounced as "bee." It is important to recognize that the new prefixes for binary multiples are not part of the International System of Units (SI), the modern metric system. However, for ease of understanding and recall, they were derived from the SI prefixes for positive powers of ten. As can be seen from the above table, the name of each new prefix is derived from the name of the corresponding SI prefix by retaining the first two letters of the name of the SI prefix and adding the letters "bi," which recalls the word "binary." Similarly, the symbol of each new prefix is derived from the symbol of the corresponding SI prefix by adding the letter "i," which again recalls the word "binary." (For consistency with the other prefixes for binary multiples, the symbol Ki is used for 210 rather than ki.) Official publication
These prefixes for binary multiples, which were developed by IEC Technical Committee (TC) 25, Quantities and units, and their letter symbols, with the strong support of the International Committee for Weights and Measures (CIPM) and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), were first adopted by the IEC as Amendment 2 to IEC International Standard IEC 60027-2: Letter symbols to be used in electrical technology - Part 2: Telecommunications and electronics. The full content of Amendment 2, which has a publication date of 1999-01, is reflected in the tables above and the suggestion regarding pronunciation. Subsequently the contents of this Amendment were incorportated in the second edition of IEC 60027-2, which has a publication date of 2000-11 (the first edition was published in 1972). The complete citation for this revised standard is IEC 60027-2, Second edition, 2000-11, Letter symbols to be used in electrical technology - Part 2: Telecommunications and electronics. Historical context*
Once upon a time, computer professionals noticed that 210 was very nearly equal to 1000 and started using the SI prefix "kilo" to mean 1024. That worked well enough for a decade or two because everybody who talked kilobytes knew that the term implied 1024 bytes. But, almost overnight a much more numerous "everybody" bought computers, and the trade computer professionals needed to talk to physicists and engineers and even to ordinary people, most of whom know that a kilometer is 1000 meters and a kilogram is 1000 grams. Then data storage for gigabytes, and even terabytes, became practical, and the storage devices were not constructed on binary trees, which meant that, for many practical purposes, binary arithmetic was less convenient than decimal arithmetic. The result is that today "everybody" does not "know" what a megabyte is. When discussing computer memory, most manufacturers use megabyte to mean 220 = 1 048 576 bytes, but the manufacturers of computer storage devices usually use the term to mean 1 000 000 bytes. Some designers of local area networks have used megabit per second to mean 1 048 576 bit/s, but all telecommunications engineers use it to mean 106 bit/s. And if two definitions of the megabyte are not enough, a third megabyte of 1 024 000 bytes is the megabyte used to format the familiar 90 mm (3 1/2 inch), "1.44 MB" diskette. The confusion is real, as is the potential for incompatibility in standards and in implemented systems. Faced with this reality, the IEEE Standards Board decided that IEEE standards will use the conventional, internationally adopted, definitions of the SI prefixes. Mega will mean 1 000 000, except that the base-two definition may be used (if such usage is explicitly pointed out on a case-by-case basis) until such time that prefixes for binary multiples are adopted by an appropriate standards body.
Return to SI prefixes *Historical context adapted from: Bruce Barrow, "A Lesson in Megabytes," IEEE Standards Bearer, January 1997, page 5. Portions copyright © 1997 by the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers, Inc. The IEEE disclaims any responsibility or liability resulting from the placement and use in the described manner. Information is reprinted with the permission of the IEEE.
The Calgary Flames are preparing for life without talented left-winger Johnny Gaudreau for the next six weeks.
That was the message from Calgary general manager Brad Treliving on Thursday afternoon, as they met with the media upon their return from the league's GM meetings in Toronto. Gaudreau suffered a broken finger in the third period of the Flames 1-0 win in Minnesota on Tuesday.
“They're really happy with how everything went,” Treliving said about the operation where Gaudreau had some hardware inserted into their finger. The surgery was performed in Vancouver on Wednesday by hand specialist Dr. Rod French.
Six weeks would put their return at Dec. 28, which would mean an absence of 20 games.
“Hopefully it's shorter. Everybody heals in different ways and different time frames,” Treliving said. “But when you're talking about a broken bone and the procedure that's been done, that's sort of the timeline that's been done.”
READ MORE: Calgary Flames forward Johnny Gaudreau fractures finger, undergoes surgery
What Treliving was most upset about is the quantity of slashes their star player has been taking lately, especially that night.
“The frustrating and disappointment from my standpoint was that this is not just a single act. There are rules in the rulebook when you get whacked like he's been getting whacked,” Treliving said.
“By our count, there were 11 chops on the guy that game. OK, 2, 3, 4… I get it. But maybe at nine, we need to dial it in here a little bit.”
Watch below: Calgary hockey star Johnny Gaudreau is on the bench for at least the next twenty games for a broken finger. Their loss is a big hit to the struggling team. As Kim Smith reports, their injury is raising questions about whether the NHL is doing enough to protect star players.
After a chop to their left hand earlier in the game that forced them to go to the dressing room to get a blood blister on a finger on their left hand drained, the crippling blow that broke the finger on their right hand came from Eric Staal, early in the third period.
“When you have a good player, there are tactics. Whether you put more men on them, you try to be physical, you try to take away space, all the things that we know and talk about,” Treliving said. “But when you chop a guy in the hand, there's a rule that says you can't do that.”
READ MORE: Johnny Gaudreau's goal gives Calgary Flames 1-0 win vs. Minnesota Wild to stop skid
While they were in Toronto, Treliving said they met at length with Stephen Walkom, the league's vice-president and director of officiating.
“Stephen was good. We walked through it and it's a difficult one. These aren't baseball swings. It's hard and we get it. But it's also losing a good player for a long time,” they said.
Tied for sixth in league scoring last year as a sophomore with 30 goals and 78 points, Gaudreau is the engine that makes the Flames offence go.
“You can pull out all the cliches you want but it's reality. You need a little bit more from everyone else,” said Treliving. “I remember a couple years ago when we lost Mark (Giordano) and my comment was, ‘you're not going out and replace Giordano.' There was no Giordano tree. There's no Johnny Gaudreau tree. But what you can do is find people putting a little bit more into it, get a little bit more from your group here individually.”
After playing centre all season up until this week, 20-year-old Sam Bennett has been inserted into Gaudreau's old spot on the top line alongside centre Sean Monahan and right winger Troy Brouwer.
After a 2-1 overtime win over Arizona on Wednesday night, the Flames are back in action Friday when they are hosted to Chicago.
This is a rush transcript. Copy may not be in its final form.
AARON MATÉ: We continue to look at the cost of public education, this time here in the United States. On Wednesday, Republican presidential contender Mitt Romney made their first major policy speech on schools, calling education, quote, “the civil rights issue of our era.” Romney said they support a voucher-style system that would give students federal funds to attend any public, private or online school they choose.
MITT ROMNEY: As president, I'm going to give the parents of every low-income and special needs student the chance to choose where their child goes to school. For the first time in history, federal education funds will be linked to the student, so that parents can send their child to any public or charter school of their choice. Now, in addition, I'm going to make that choice meaningful by ensuring that there are sufficient options for parents to be able to exercise them. And thus, in order to receive the full complement of federal education dollars, states are going to have to provide students with an ample school choice opportunity.
AARON MATÉ: Romney also called for an increase in the number of charter schools and for more ways to hold teachers accountabile for student performance. This prompted the Obama campaign to release a compilation of Romney's past praise for the President's similar education reform efforts, many of which continue President George W. Bush's No Child Left Behind Act.
AMY GOODMAN: On Thursday, Romney took their education agenda to Philadelphia, where one of the largest public school privatization plans is underway. Philadelphia intends to close over 60 schools in the next five years and potentially privatize those remaining. During their visit, Mitt Romney spoke at a charter school in a largely African-American neighborhood of West Philadelphia. Their comments came just one day after thousands of blue-collar union members protested against planned layoffs by the Philadelphia School District. At least 14 people were arrested for blocking traffic.
For more, we're going to Daniel Denvir, who has been covering the story for the Philadelphia City Paper_, also a contributing writer at denvir/”>Salon.com.
Daniel, welcome to Democracy Now! And explain what is happening.
DANIEL DENVIR: Thanks for having me.
Well, as we heard from Montreal, the attack on public education is taking place all over the world. In Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania, like many states around the country, has suffered from major cuts to education. Governor Tom Corbett, a Republican governor, in the current fiscal year cut a billion dollars to public education throughout the commonwealth. In Philadelphia, the state-controlled School Reform Commission has taken advantage of that fiscal crisis, created by the very same state government, to propose the—one of the most radical efforts to privatize and dismantle a public school system. It would close 64 schools through 2017, potentially privatize all blue-collar work in the district, and would see charter school growth grow to educating 40 percent of district students.
AARON MATÉ: Now, how did this plan come about? You talk about the role of the Boston Consulting Group.
DANIEL DENVIR: Yes. Instead of—you know, the fiscal crisis is real. And we in Philadelphia do have to deal with it. But instead of there being a real public, democratic process discussion about how we're going to make changes to deal with the fiscal realities, instead, kind of outside funders paid the Boston Consulting Group, a corporate consultancy, $1.5 million to develop a plan for the city, which they unveiled without any sort—soliciting any sort of public input. And it's no surprise that they proposed a corporate education reform model for Philadelphia. If you look at the Boston Consulting Group, their education consultants include former Bush Secretary of Education Margaret Spellings, people who have gone on to work at the KIPP charter school network, which could very well manage one of these achievement networks that would run the broken-up and privatized system that they're proposing at the Broad Center, a major supporter of corporate education reform. So, it's not clear what they got paid $1.5 million to do, because it really just cut and pasted a corporate education reform wish list for Philly.
AMY GOODMAN: In their Washington, D.C., education speech, Mitt Romney came down hard on teachers' unions.
MITT ROMNEY: The teachers' unions are the clearest example of a group that has lost its way. Whenever anyone dares to offer a new idea, the unions protest the loudest. Their attitude was memorably expressed by a longtime president of the American Federation of Teachers. They said, and I quote, “When schoolchildren start paying union dues, that's when I'll start representing the interests of children.” Yeah. The teachers' unions don't fight for our children. That's our job. And our job keeps getting harder, because the unions wield outsized influence in elections and campaigns.
AMY GOODMAN: That was Mitt Romney. Now, we went to the Albert Shanker blog. He's a former—he's referring to their quote, though many are disputing that this is Albert Shanker's quote. It has been cited hundreds, perhaps thousands, of times in newspapers, magazines, blogs and speeches. Virtually none of the authors has bothered to provide a source, a date, an event, anything. I'm reading now from the Shanker Blog. They say, “We believe the quote is fiction, and instead [have] an alternative explanation.” That alternative explanation they're saying is they believe it's possible that Shanker once said, “I don't represent children. I represent teachers,” and went on to say, “But, generally, what's in the interest of teachers is also in the interest of students.”
DANIEL DENVIR: Mm-hmm. I mean, what we see from Mitt Romney is a desperate attempt to create some sort of daylight between their own platform and President Obama's. And on education, save for school vouchers, which are taxpayer-funded subsidies to private school tuition, there really is no daylight. They both endorse the corporate education reform establishment agenda that was established under No Child Left Behind, which unleashed a regime of high-stakes standardized testing that has pushed teachers to not only teach to the test, but, because their very jobs and school survival is at stake, cheat to the test. In Philly, Atlanta, there are huge cheating scandals that reporters have uncovered. Cheating is suspected in New York, many times, Houston, Texas, also unleashed charter school growth. President Obama has doubled down on No Child Left Behind. Their Race to the Top initiative leverages billions of federal dollars to push teachers—push districts to use students' standardized test scores to evaluate teachers and to remove barriers to charter growth. So, we really see—
AMY GOODMAN: You know, it's interesting. I put this question to Peter Edelman, who was here the other day, who wrote So Rich, So Poor, a major anti-poverty advocate, around the issue of the Race to the Top, President Obama's program. And they said it's unfair to say they just supports charter schools, that 90 percent of the support, of course, and 90 percent—it goes to the public education in this country.
DANIEL DENVIR: Sure. Well, that's the funding stream that's established, but what the—Race to the Top is a really sophisticated use of a limited, but potent, amount of federal funds to push states to change their laws to increase the importance of high-stakes standardized tests and remove barriers to charter growth. And they've been successful. States have been doing so across the country in an effort to get these funds. It's—yeah, I mean, there's unfortunately very little difference between these two.
AARON MATÉ: Now, back to Philadelphia, there's this push now for charter schools, but the city has a sordid history with charter schools, in effect. There's a number right now that are under federal investigation?
DANIEL DENVIR: Yeah, I believe it is 18 Philly area charter schools have been put under—have been under federal investigation in the last few years. The proponents and architects of this privatization plan love to throw out corporate buzzwords like “competition” and “accountability.” But we've been under state control for 10 years in Philadelphia. They took over in 2001. And we have seen no sort of accountability, no sort of accountability. At the district level, at the state level, there is very little oversight of charters. We see everything—the malfeasance range ranges from self-dealing real estate transactions to extraordinarily high executive compensation, to out-and-out embezzlement.
AARON MATÉ: And this is what they're being investigated for?
DANIEL DENVIR: Yes. But, you know, they somehow think that if we chop up the entire system under the financial stress that it's under and hand it over to the private sector, that somehow these charter management organizations will do better than they have. They also have not done well academically. Stanford, in a very well-regarded study, found that nationally charters do no better, and often do far worse—including they looked at Pennsylvania, in particular—than traditional public schools. So they're not delivering academically, and they are handing hundreds of millions of dollars in Philadelphia a year over to completely unregulated private interests. And when that happens anywhere, but especially in a place like Philadelphia, you can expect trouble.
AMY GOODMAN: The protests expected to continue in Philadelphia?
DANIEL DENVIR: Yes. On Wednesday, thousands of people led by SEIU 32BJ, which represents the district's blue-collar workers, took to the streets of Center City. Fourteen were arrested in an act of civil disobedience in front of the school district headquarters. I believe it was 11 arrested in Pittsburgh. People also marched in Harrisburg. Thousands of people have packed a number of church pews and a number of community meetings over the last few weeks. This has really energized widespread opposition in the city.
AMY GOODMAN: Daniel Denvir, I want to thank you very much for being with us, reporter at the Philadelphia City Paper, contributing writer at Salon.com.
And that does it for our broadcast. On Monday, we bring you a Memorial Day special: “Honor the Dead, Heal the Wounded, Stop the Wars.” That's the cry of veterans who threw their medals back at the NATO generals at the NATO summit. We'll bring you an extended broadcast of that.
So, I started my journey with asian beauty products around October of 2014. It's been pretty great so far, I've gotten rid of the wretched, dry, flaky patches of skin that have plagued me skin puberty. One of the first two products I added to my “beauty routine” included Skinfood's Black Sugar Cleansing Oil. The scent reminds me of a favorite lemonade scent, light, sugary and not too strong. I liked it. It was neither amazing nor horrible, but a good workhorse. It didn't burn if I accidentally got it in my eyes, which was fabulous. That happened more than once while I figured out the best way to oil cleanse mascara and eyeliner. It was great at removing makeup – even the waterproof mascaras that are such a pain to remove. I used both the Maybelline Rocket Volume mascara and the Benefit Roller Lash Curling mascara on my lashes at different times throughout using Skinfood's Black Sugar Cleansing Oil and it was great at removing both. I've worn both brands of mascaras with contact lenses and accidentally rubbed my eyes on numerous occasions and never had either one budge, to give you an idea of 1) the staying power of the mascaras. 2) The cleasning ability of Skinfood Black Sugar Cleansing Oil.
It didn't break me out, and I have sensitive skin. I also cheerfully used it as part of 50 Shades of Snail's trick to temporarily shrink pores. Skinfood's cleansing oil worked, and as it turns out, I really don't have that many sebaceous filaments. I had 5 grits the first time I tried. The next day, I tried again and had 4. The morning after the trick to shrink pores, I did an oil cleanse with Skinfood as part of my morning routine and got grits. It was an interesting sensation. I'd buy the Black Sugar Cleansing Oil again, except there are cheaper options that are calling to me like The Face Shop's Rice Water Bright Cleansing Oil, which I bought to replace my now empty bottle of Skinfood cleansing oil.
I'm happy to note the increasing amount of Asian beauty products on Amazon – with prime shipping even! It's made things so much quicker to get a hold of. Don't get me wrong, Amazon is unable to beat the prices of the Rose Rose Shop and other great Asian beauty product vendors, if you don't count shipping for most products. If you count shipping, then sometimes it gets comparable, depending on how much you buy in one order. For example, even with shipping, it's cheaper for me to buy Mamonde's Rose Honey Sleeping Mask from RoseRoseShop as opposed to buying the same product from Amazon. Plus, when I ordered the Rose Honey Sleeping Mask, I also ordered about 6 more sheet masks and the total shipping costs came out to $12. Altogether, my order from RRS was $25 and I was getting so much more stuff that I wanted. But I digress.
The other product I purchased was Skinfood Black Sugar Foam which was also available with prime shipping. About the only other reason I'm not buying this product again is because it only has a pH of 6. Ideally, a cleanser should be close to skin's natural pH of 5.5, so that's on my list next. (I accidentally bought a giant bottle of Missha's Super Aqua Refreshing Cleasning Foam so I have to use that up first. I can't justify a new product when I haven't used up the previous one.) Skinfood's Black Sugar Foam was a good product, another solid workhorse. It was the first time I'd used a foaming/soapy cleanser that didn't strip my skin dry. That alone was amazing to me, as every other cleanser I'd used always left my skin feeling tight and dry. Skinfood was good in that regard, didn't strip my skin of its natural moisture. For being a sugar scrub, it's surprisingly gentle as is the scent. I used it daily and didn't scrub my face like I was cleaning bathroom tile grout so I never found it overly abrasive. I was perfectly happy using it. It didn't scratch my skin at all, and the sugar dissolved easily if I got my hands wet while using it. Bonus – it actually tastes sugary and lemony – I only know this from the times it accidentally got in my mouth as I was rinsing my face. It was an accident, I swear! Really, the only reason I'm switching brands is because I'd like to get a a cleanser with a better pH.
I'll report my thoughts as new products come my way.
Advertisements
Three of Australia's major banks on Wednesday filed a joint application with the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission to force Apple into negotiations over the installation of third-party mobile payments software on iPhone.
A spokesperson representing Australia's three biggest lenders, National Australia Bank (NAB), Commonwealth Bank of Australia and Westpac Banking Corp, told Reuters the banks believe Apple's restrictions on third-party mobile wallet solutions amounts to anticompetitive behavior.By filing the ACCC application, the banks seek approval to collectively negotiate the installation of non-Apple Pay software on iPhone hardware, the report said. Currently, Apple only allows its own in-house mobile payments system Apple Pay, and the corresponding Wallet app, on iOS devices.According to the The Sydney Morning Herald, the bloc wants open access to iPhone's NFC technology."This is about providing Australians with real choice and better outcomes," said Lance Blockley, a senior advisor at Novantas speaking on behalf of the banks. "If successful, the application would have tremendous benefits for the entire Australian mobile payments landscape including for public transport fares, airlines, ticketing, store loyalty and rewards programs and many more applications yet to be developed."The complaint comes eight months after Apple Pay launched in Australia last November through a limited partnership with American Express. At the time, none of Australia's big four banks offered support for the service, and Apple continues to face staunch resistance from an entrenched local finance sector.In April, ANZ became the first major Australian bank to break rank and offer support for Apple's fledgling payments service. Two weeks later the bank noted a 20 percent spike in online credit card and deposit account applications. Following that news, NAB, Commonwealth and Westpac, the three banks that filed with the ACCC today, were all said to have reentered negotiations with Apple.
For years I balanced a productive creative life outside of full-time non-programming jobs. But I was surprised to find myself unable to keep doing this after getting hired as a programmer seven months ago. And many programmer-friends report the same difficulty I am now experiencing — they basically can't make themselves write code outside of work. Getting up early and working for several hours in the morning seems to be a promising solution, but I'd be interested in hearing about other people's experiences.
My work day is around eight or nine hours. Although I have plenty of alert waking time before and after work and on weekends, I suddenly find myself unable to use it the way I am accustomed to doing. Specifically, I seem to have vastly more trouble concentrating in the way I need to do to write code, when not at work.
Have you found that your ability to write code for yourself, in your spare time, dries up when you are programming full time for a living? How do you deal with that? or is it just an inevitable cost of coding for a living?
Private security workers at Wicker Park Fest. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Alisa Hauser
Editor's Note: A previous version of this story, based off of a news release issued on Thursday by Ald. Brian Hopkins (2nd), incorrectly included names of people who are not meeting hosts. They are speakers. It has been updated.
NOBLE SQUARE — A community meeting hosted by Ald. Brian Hopkins (2nd) to try to drum up community support around a proposal to use Special Service Area District taxpayer money to pay for private security patrols is happening on Friday night.
It's set for 5:30 p.m. Friday at St. Stan's School, 1255 N. Noble St. in the cafeteria.
Earlier this month, Hopkins and Ald. Joe Moreno (1st) issued a news release to request that a $100,000 surplus from a 2015 budget be allocated to hiring private patrols this year to responded to a recent uptick in crime.
The money would be used to hire off-duty and retired police officers for late night patrols in response to a recent uptick in crime.
That request was tabled for this year, however, the alderman are now trying to solicit support for the 2017 budget.
The Special Service Area district levies a special tax on property owners for communal services such as snow removal, landscaping, sidewalk cleaning and graffiti removal.
The community meeting for Wicker Park and Bucktown residents "will discuss [Hopkin's and Moreno's] proposed measure to amend the Special Service Area No. 33's 2017 budget and use untapped funds for additional security services to enhance neighborhood safety," according to Hopkins' news release.
Hopkins and Moreno have requested the safety programs budget for 2017 to be amended, and the amount of $100,000 allocated to said line item, the group said.
Earlier this week, the Special Service Area No. 33 amended its 2017 proposed budget, and voted to raise the amount allocated for safety programs in 2017 from $1,000 to $20,000, according to a spokesperson for the taxpayer group's 12 member commission.
That amended amount of $20,000 has secured the support of Ald. Scott Waguespack (32nd). The 2017 budget is awaiting approval from Moreno and Hopkins, a Special Service Area spokesperson said.
The Special Service Area No. 33 taxpayer commission must secure the support of all three aldermen whose wards include portions of Wicker Park Bucktown in order for the proposed 2017 budget to be advanced and formally approved by the full City Council.
When asked if the taxpayer group would consider adding $80,000 to their proposed $20,000, to reach Hopkins' suggest budget of $100,000, the spokesperson said, "This initial $20,000 is a good faith commitment to work together with the Aldermen on a solution, and we are willing to further amend the 2017 budget once we vet and determine which safety program(s) are viable and effective uses of taxpayer dollars."
The taxpayer district's proposed 2016 budget of $1.2 million is overseen by 12 volunteer commissioners, the SSA, which brands itself as WPB for "Wicker Park Bucktown."
Brent Norsman, chairperson of the Special Service Area Taxpayer District No. 33. said that the group believes the new safety allocation of $20,000 "indicates our willingness to collaborate on solutions."
“While the late presentation of this security patrol proposal made it impossible for us to thoroughly vet and research this option before our pending budget deadline, we are open to creating safety programs that are meaningful, effective, and a responsible use of taxpayers' money," Norsman said.
The boundaries of the district where the private patrols could be used include several main streets such as Damen, North and Ashland avenues as well as Division Street. The patrols would not be able to venture off of the main streets and onto side streets, and would be bounded by serving only those entities along the business district's boundaries.
Taxpayer Special Service Area No. 33 is one of 53 active improvement districts in Chicago. Citing an East Lakeview taxing district that spends about $300,000 of its budget on safety programs, Hopkins had suggested that the surplus be allocated for security patrols in the Wicker Park and Bucktown business districts.
Moreno previously said, "We need every possible resource in our neighborhoods to commit to stopping crime. It can't rest on the police alone. We have money in the SSA in Wicker Park, let's use it for the security of our residents."
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
This Bank Just Became The Largest Black Owned Bank in America
By Victor O.
At a time when there is increased doubt about the continued existence of several Black-owned banks, the nation's largest Black bank, OneUnited, is making efforts not only to remain on the scene for the long term, but also to maintain and enhance their status in the future.
OneUnited will unveil a large mural on the facade of its branch in Liberty City next month, according to Madame Noire. The OneUnited Mural Project, which was created by a local artist, Addonis Parker, and a group of 21 teenage interns, is aimed at developing and encouraging aspiring young artists. It is one of the ways through which the leading African-American bank aims to remain relevant on the banking scene in the years ahead, despite the challenges that threaten the continued existence of Black-owned banks.
“OneUnited does things in the community that's different from what other banks do,” OneUnited President Teri Williams told Madame Noire.
Williams thinks Black banks need to continue to come up with new ways to serve for them to survive and remain relevant, especially because “Black banks have a history of servicing the communities” they are in.
OneUnited is working not only to improve its banking services, but also to take community service more seriously — the art internship program is a good display of this. The bank never provided subprime loans and has recently introduced a Unity Visa credit card to help its customers rebuild credit. It sponsors a summer school program and has announced that it will be sponsoring a startup event taking place in the Roxbury section of Boston.
In less than 30 years, unfriendly economic conditions have forced the majority of Black-owned banks in America to close up shop or undergo a change in ownership structure. In a piece for Crain's New York Business, Aaron Elstein noted that three-quarters of the 91 African-American banks in the U.S. have disappeared between 1987 and now.
Carver Federal Savings, which was established in 1948, is the biggest casualty so far. Once considered a favorite among many African-Americans, the bank was forced to receive federal assistance after incurring significant losses as a result of harsh economic conditions and bad decisions. The federal government intervention effectively put an end to Carver's status as the largest Black-owned bank, with African-Americans becoming minority shareholders.
The change in the ownership structure of Carver has now made OneUnited the largest Black-owned bank in the country. The institution has branches in Miami, Los Angeles and Boston, with $620 million in assets.
Williams said it is essential for people to bank with any financial institution they trust, adding that African-American banks are considered worthy of trust in their communities.
Source 1, 2
Nakamura, MVL Headline Team Chess Battles In March One of the most popular competitive formats on Chess.com is back next month with two more Team Chess Battles. Each battle pairs up two chess masters per team, who will talk out and decide every move on their turn for a live broadcast audience. Y...
Armenia Eagles, Tbilisi Gentlemen Clash In PRO Chess League Week 8 Week eight of the PRO Chess League will see the Eastern Division's top clash between the Armenia Eagles and the Tbilisi Gentlemen. The Atlantic and Pacific Divisions take off on Tuesday beginning at 1:30 p.m. PT and the Eastern and ...
Blitz Mayhem Ends Champions Showdown A spirited last day of blitz at the Champions Showdown in St. Louis had no effect on the final standings of the event, with winners on a clear lead from day three. At the end of five days of speed chess, the results are in: Fabiano Caruana-Pentala...
Rensch To Host Chess And Machine Learning Panel At MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference With interest soaring in machine learning and its role in all kinds of games, chess will be in the spotlight at the prestigious MIT Sloan Sports Analytics Conference this year, organizers announced today. The chess program is scheduled for Sa...
Caruana Wins Champions Showdown Match With Day To Spare Fabiano Caruana is the first contestant to be crowned king of the Champions Showdown in St. Louis. Their triumph over Pentala Harikrishna in the first day of blitz (10.5-1.5) topped the American's clear lead in the rapid to a crushing total sc...
Topalov Joins Champions Showdown Leader Board Veselin Topalov took Leinier Dominguez on a trip to Vienna to get a clear lead on their match at the Saint Louis Champions Showdown. However barely played at a top level, the Vienna Game proved to be an effective surprise weapon as Topalov endorse...
Dallas Destiny Big Winners As Giri Makes PRO Debut The Dallas Destiny scored a league-high 20 points in PRO Chess League Battles Royale as several teams such as the Miami Champions made big strides forward in the league standings with strong performances. Other favorites such as the Montreal Chess...
Blunders, Fumbles Haunt Champions Showdown A few inaccuracies and some blunders took a harsh toll on contenders for the Champions Showdown on the second day of the rapid section in St. Louis. As most rapid matchups are nearly decided with a day to spare, two head-to-head encounters will be...
Predict Computer Chess Championship To Win Cash Prizes As the Computer Chess Championship moves into its next stage, an exciting new feature gives viewers the ability to predict each game's results to win cash and membership prizes. The championship will also be covered by a series of broadcast stream...
Rapport On Full Throttle At Champions Showdown Day 1 U.S. champion Sam Shankland couldn't get much from their home advantage against Richard Rapport in an intense opening day of the 2019 Champions Showdown in St. Louis. The 22-year-old Hungarian superstar had it all too easy in the first four ro...
Aeroflot Open Round 1 Called Off After Bomb Threat Shortly after the start, the first round of the Aeroflot Open has been canceled due to a bomb threat at the venue, Hotel Cosmos in Moscow. The round has been postponed until tomorrow. The traditional Aeroflot Open, the super-strong open tourname...
Giri, Ponomariov To Debut In PRO Chess League Week 7 Anish Giri and Ruslan Ponomariov are among the players to make their debut in the 2019 season of the PRO Chess League. Week seven is another Battle Royale week, played on Tuesday beginning at 8:00 a.m. PT and on Thursday beginning at 7 a...
Isle of Man To Host FIDE Grand Swiss Tournament The recently announced FIDE Grand Swiss tournament, where the winner will qualify for the 2020 Candidates', will be played October 9-20, 2019 in the Isle of Man and organized in cooperation with Chess.com. This became official today. The news was ju...
Gunina Wins Inaugural Cairns Cup In the all-decisive and all-Russian clash, Valentina Gunina held Alexandra Kosteniuk to a draw and won the $40,000 first prize of the inaugural Cairns Cup in St. Louis. Irina Krush came third thanks to beating Harika Dronavalli. "...
Watch The 4 Player Chess Championship Sunday This Sunday, two teams will fight for the inaugural championship of Four Player Chess, a new Chess.com variant where each game is contested by four sets of pieces. Watch the Four Player Chess championship this Sunday, Feb. 17, live on Twitch.t...
PRO Chess League Sees Upsets, Comebacks, Heartbreak In Week 6 With many late-stage comebacks across the PRO Chess League, fans will remember everything that week 6 had to offer—the New York Marshalls' incredible win over Webster, Cannes' upset over the Baden-Baden Snowballs, and Estonia just missing ou...
Ju Wenjun Beats Lagno With 60 Million People Watching Repeating the result of the 2018 World Championship knockout final, Ju Wenjun beat Kateryna Lagno in a short rapid match in Beijing, China earlier this week. It was a historic moment for chess in China, as part of it was broadcast on national tele...
Gunina Maintains Lead, Clash With Kosteniuk To Decide Cairns Cup Russia vs. Russia. One board. The inaugural Cairns Cup will be on the line tomorrow and there will be no playoff. After the two leaders drew today, albeit with wildly different methods, GMs Valentina Gunina (6.5/8) and Alexandra Kosteniuk (...
Batavia Amsterdam Chess Tournament Fights Against Draws With Blitz Before Classical The upcoming dMP Batavia Amsterdam Chess Tournament (March 1-10) will experiment with a revolutionary format. In this 10-player GM norm tournament, the players will play a blitz match before each round that will decide on the score in case they wi...
Cairns Cup: Gunina Overtakes Kosteniuk For Lead GM Valentina Gunina cannot be stopped. Well, they could be, were it not for the 30-move draw rule. Now winner of four consecutive games at the inaugural Cairns Cup, they explained today that they were only trying to make a draw after equalizing out of...
Chess Put Forward To Join Paris 2024 Olympic Games A campaign was launched on Tuesday to have chess included as a sport at the Paris Olympic Games 2024. The official launch took place in Paris, in the presence of FIDE President Arkady Dvorkovich. Members of the World Chess Federation and th...
Cairns Cup: Gunina Catches Kosteniuk After 'Insane' Round Valentina Gunina defeated Elisabeth Paehtz in what has been described as an "insane" round six of the Cairns Cup in St. Louis. Gunina is now tied for first place with Alexandra Kosteniuk, who drew with Irina Krush. The rest...
Research Finds Chess More Beneficial In Lower Grades The preliminary findings of a multi-year study across the state of Alabama seem to indicate that chess instruction may improve student performance, especially amongst younger students. The study, conducted by researchers at Tennessee Tech and the ...
New York Marshalls vs Webster Windmills Top Clash In PRO Chess League Week 6 The New York Marshalls and the Webster Windmills top the standings in the Atlantic Division and face each other on Tuesday. It's week six for the PRO Chess League, with the Atlantic and Pacific Divisions playing on Tuesday beginning at 1:30 p.m. P...
Grus Paridae is a co-operative collective and project of two music makers, Petteri Kurki and Rami Turtiainen with special guest Jarno Koivunen on violins.
The band recently appeared on Progstravaganza XX: Landmarks and they answered our standard questionnaire.
How did you come to do what you do?
Petteri: I've always been interested in music, especially in the ‘how it's made' aspect. I try to bring in to my own music the bits and pieces I've found worth listening to and gathered into my ‘box of good stuff' through the years.
Jarno: Lifetime love for rhythm, harmony and melody.
Rami: As the guys stated I share the same lifetime interest towards music. As far as I can remember and even though I've made a lot of different things in my life, music has always been the main key determining my identity.
We have all taken instrument and theory lessons as youngsters, Jarno is a professional classical musician and over the years I have taken some music technology and production courses and also studied musicology as a minor subject at the university. I have also put some focus towards rock criticism and music aesthetics in my art philosophy studies.
As a band or a collective if you like, Petteri and I ended up doing music together in the summer of 2011. I think it was originally my idea since I knew Petteri shared the same musical interests with me. We already knew each other's band history, were very good friends and had been doing some jamming together over the years. I was pretty convinced a very long time before we actually started Grus Paridae that Petteri's love for strange harmonies and my interest towards the wholeness of the song structures were something that needed to be united.
It was also clear from the very beginning Jarno would be our number one choice if we ever would need any violin parts. Jarno and I first met when we studied at the high school of music in the beginning of the 90's and played in metal bands together back then. After high school Jarno had their progressive rock band called Relayer in which I was some kind of background figure for a couple of years until Jarno started their studies to become a professional violin player and violin pedagogist.
What is your first musical memory?
Petteri: Listening to my mom's and dad's LPs at age four or five.
Jarno and Rami: Finnish band called Hassisen Kone was something we both remember for being one of the first concrete memories what comes to rock. Hassisen Kone was a first major band for a very talented Finnish rock musician, composer and lyricist Ismo Alanko in the late 70's and early 80's. Alanko has made a very successful career since and is still very much active, appreciated and uncompromising artist. They actually started their career in a prog rock band and has added progressive and highly artistic elements in their music since. So in a way, it's quite funny and nice we both share a similar memory here.
Jarno: From the classical side I would like to raise a memory that may not be the earliest one but the firs that really hit me. It was when Leonidas Kavakos won the Jean Sibelius Violin Competition held here in Finland in 1985.
Rami: I think the actual earliest memory I have is listening to the old Finnish childrens songs by Georg Malmstén as well as a cassette with a blue label sticker on the cover, containing a compilation of old 50's rock n' roll classics and me imitating the singer of the band. These both occurences must have happened during the 70's.
First classical memory for me is the hearing of the Sergei Prokofiev's Peter and the Wolf for the first time and of course the compulsory Four Seasons by Vivaldi.
Where do you draw your inspiration from?
Petteri: From the phenomenon of stumbling onto good sounding chord progressions or melodies that instantly make me want to develop them into complete pieces. This usually happens when I'm just playing whatever whenever… mostly lucky accidents.
Jarno: I get inspired by starting to improvise when some special feeling or idea hits me like a glimpse of a moment. Or sometimes just by listening or playing myself some very good music done by others.
Rami: I have to follow Jarno and Petteri here what comes to composing and arrangement issues. Jamming and improvising by myself are of course in major role as well as all the music I have listened to over the decades. I'm also a freelance music journalist which means I tend to listen a lot of quality music that may not always fit to my every day musical taste but all and all can still save some interesting feelings and ideas to the back of my head.
As a lyricist I usually get inspired by some interesting sentence or phrase I spontaneously invent. Especially when I find it working immediately on many interpretational levels. This normally gives me the pulse to build a whole text around this invention. As cliché as it may sound, for me the philosophy has also been one of the concrete tools for inspiration.
What message does the song on our Progstravaganza compilation carry?
Rami: As a lyricist I try to operate on somewhat metaphorical level and try to do both: to put more levels and dimensions to the phrases than the surface shows at first impression but at the same time leave the text open enough for one's own interpretations. Despite the former I also try to raise at least a distant feeling there might be some kind of loose narrative included. So even if the text have some meaning to me, I'd like to think it could mean a totally different thing to someone else. Maybe the phrase ‘The question of ability / turning the question for the reason' from Passes By gives a small hint of the several interpretational levels I try to ‘pack' to my texts.
Do you tend to follow any pre-defined patterns when composing a song?
Petteri: It's usually the traditional song structure that I start with, but I try to change it if possible or if the song needs it. If the idea is good, things fall into place quite naturally. I tend to write vocal melodies as the last thing; I've never written a song that has started as a vocal melody.
Jarno: ￼I sure hope not. Well, to be honest I find composing using piano a bit comfortable than using some other instrument. Still in the end the main thing is you don't lock yourself into one specific pattern using one and only familiar tool or method but rather try to give space to all ideas to flow free.
Rami: If there are some patterns they are more the methodical ones. I think you can find a better explanation from my following answer.
What is your method of songwriting?
Petteri: First I come up with a chord progression for verse and chorus and a bridge or two as well. Then it's building the backing track around them. If there are solos, they usually come next. As the last I come up with a vocal melody, to which the lyrics are written, along with any vocal harmonies that are needed.
Jarno: Improvisation. Piano is a good tool for improvisation for me. As well as violin.
Rami: Earlier I used, and of course am still using the traditional way, first searching for interesting chord structures using guitar and then building the whole song from those seeds. Lately I've also been using a completely different method starting from some percussive rhythm I'm satisfied with. Then I try to add some interesting bass line and finally layer by layer start to add melodic and harmonic instruments in. Both methods have their pros and cons. The old school guitar method gives me a much wider space to go where ever I want but the negative side is it's sometimes hard to decide where to go. The rhythm method on the other hand gives me a clear frame where to work but the lack of this method is it's sometimes too constricted.
How do you see your music evolving?
Petteri: Nowadays it's easier to see how to develop an idea into a song. I now have more courage to go and try different things for a song. It's a never-ending process, I hope!
Jarno: Every song is a new story. Trying every time to do everything at least a bit better than previously.
Rami: An idealistic wish for me would be something like being able to create songs that are in some way timeless and at the same time both artistically challenging and still something someone somewhere could relate to. Creating songs that proudly carries all the influences from this enormous and lovely source called music but still can stand on their own personal and characteristic feet. David Bowie for me represents a good example of an artist who lets their influences be present but is still always sounding nothing but himself.
What advice would you give to other musicians, trying to make inspired music and get it out in the world?
Petteri: Listen to anything that's good and find out why it's good. Try to decipher how the music is played, the chords, the melodies, the sound, the touch. As to getting out in the world, I don't see that very important; the main thing for me is to come up with stuff I like, then it can be shared with others, too.
Jarno: Trust to your instincts. At the end of the day it's the only thing you can really hang on to.
Rami: Guys just stated out major issues here! You have to do both: do the hard and dull work and study, whether it means some formal studies or something you are doing by yourself. The phrase ‘Live the music!' could be some kind of guideline to follow. By that I mean everything from listening interesting (and sometimes not so interesting) music, rehearsing with your instrument and with your band, improvising, analyzing, jamming, and last but not least: not forgetting purely enjoy music without any intentions! With these topics in your mind your instincts will also develop by themselves helping you to go further.
What comes to getting your music out in the world I would say be ready to work and be realistic. Try also be honest to yourself and find out what you want to reach and what's the real motivation behind your aims. That goes for both on artistic and creative levels as well as all the other non-musical effort for finding contacts, accepting the fact that without personal effort for marketing and communicational issues, etc. it will not be very likely someone will come and pick you up from home and gives you the opportunity. Today's digital age is both a blessing and a curse. Supply is nowadays enormous but at the same time it's much easier to find music lovers around the world who are interested in the same kind of stuff you're doing. Also try to find a balance between aiming artistically as high as possible but avoiding the trap of the over-self-criticism preventing you to go out with your stuff and in the worst case killing your joy for making music.
What are you looking forward to?
Petteri: Progress with my songwriting skills and better ability to venture to new areas in music, whatever they may be. To find the much talked-about ‘own voice' somehow, not copy others too much. Learning to sing better, as well!
Jarno: The freedom and joy of self-expression.
Rami: To be honest and speaking on everyday level: finding more time for music making! Speaking on a more sublime level: develop as a music writer, musician, vocalist, lyricist as well as production wise, to explore new musical paths and to enjoy music every time I'm dealing with it.
￼
￼Do you think that Progstravaganza compilation series is a good way to showcase the potential of many unheard bands on the already overcrowded scene?
Rami: I think every opportunity focusing on the stuff or a genre if you like which helps you to find people who share the same musical interests with you is a great opportunity!
Links:
https://www.facebook.com/GrusParidae
–
Prog Sphere is compiling the first physical (CD) Progstravaganza progressive rock & metal compilation. Interested acts can get in touch at info@prog-sphere.com
This Saturday sees the final of the 2013 MLS Cup with Sporting Kansas City taking on Real Salt Lake at Sporting Park in Kansas City. Both teams came through their Conference Final games relatively unscathed. Sporting KC effectively dispensed with Houston Dynamo whilst Real Salt Lake comfortably beat Portland Timbers.
In order to get a better idea of how the game might pan out, we used the statistics at our disposal to look at these two teams. We looked at their respective stats from the Conference Semi-Final and Conference Final games. It goes without saying that play-off games always add an extra level of stress which does impact on the style of play adopted by the teams. In fact, both Sporting KC and Real Salt Lake needed extra time to overcome their respective opponents in the Conference Semi-Finals.
Starting off with Sporting KC, we saw that they like to control the game with extended possession of the ball and had more live ball possession than that of their opponents. As a result of having a lot of possession, they are involved in significantly more attacking events, this being plays that the teams uses to move up the field and into a position whereby they would be in a situation to stand a chance at getting a shot on goal.
When looking at the attacks on their opponent's goal, they make good use of crosses to get the ball into the opposition 18-yard box. This could be a key point in Saturday's final as Real Salt Lake are quite susceptible to crosses, having allowed their opponents to send in almost 40 crosses per game in the four games that we looked at.
Sporting KC also prefer to apply pressure on their opponent and thus force the opposition defenders into making mistakes. Now it is not just about forcing the error, but they manage to capitalize on these mistakes by improving their situation. They also make use of the long throw in to some effect with 46% of their long throw ins leading to the team being in an improved situation and in a position to take a chance at a shot on goal. Given Real Salt Lake's weakness at preventing crosses into the danger area, this could also be a telling factor on Saturday.
When it comes to actual shots on goal, Sporting KC may have had 17.5 shots on goal per game and 10 of them were either remotely dangerous or dangerous. From these shots on goal though, they only managed to score 1.3 goals per game.
As for Real Salt Lake, whilst they may not have controlled possession nor had as many chances on goal as their opponents, they did make greater use of the chances that they had. It would seem that they are happy to let their opponents have more of the ball, catching the opposition out on the counter.
Out of the 13.5 shots that they had on goal per game, 6 of them were either just off target, blocked by a defender or saved by the keeper. They did, however, manage to score 1.8 goals per game from these shots.
When looking at the source of their attacks, we saw that they were very dangerous when it came to set pieces, particularly with Javier “El maestro” Morales who generally takes the set pieces for Real Salt Lake. They scored 3 goals from set pieces in the four games leading up to the final. This should also be a good battle to watch on Saturday as Sporting KC have one of the best defences in the MLS and are quite adept at defending set pieces.
From the stats, it would appear that Sporting KC are the better team. Their style of play of holding onto the ball and directing play will suit Real Salt Lake who will, based on the stats, look to hit on the counter and make use of set pieces. Sporting KC's defence has proven to be very good at dealing with such threats but Real Salt Lake have also shown that they make the most of their chances on goal too so the Sporting KC defence will need to be alert when Real Salt Lake have the ball. One thing that is for certain is that it should be an interesting battle on Saturday afternoon!
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Rio_Tinto_Stadium_inaugural.jpg
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Livestrong_Sporting_Park_-_Sporting_KC_v_New_England_Revolution.jpg
commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Brad_Davis_with_MLS_Cup_trophy_2006.jpg
How many of the things you bought in 2012 are still good today? How many of them do you even have anymore? In my trade as a tech reviewer, I'm used to devices that go from new to obsolete in a matter of weeks, and in gaming, the window of novelty and joy is often even briefer. So it's nice to see a 2012 game that truly stands the test of time and even reverses the fast-aging process to actually get better with age. Yes, I've gone back to Tristram for a run around the Diablo III playground, and I'm loving it more than ever.
Modern adventure and role-playing games frustrate me with their overwrought storylines and hours-long tutorials. In the recently released Mass Effect: Andromeda, for example, there's literally a "press button to look" instruction. What if I only have a brief window of time when I want to get away from the complexity of real life and simply unwind through the act of obliterating uncomplicated evil?
Good gameplay is timeless
With Diablo III, I can start a new game and be flinging arrows at zombies in less than a minute. All the game's narrative is optional and hilariously basic — there's no pretense about it being anything more than a skeleton on which to hang all the glorious gameplay. And that's truly the thing that gets me hooked on a game of Diablo like nothing else (outside of Dota, which I'm avoiding playing for the sake of my health and sanity): the gameplay.
At the heart of the Diablo games is an irresistible call to our primordial hunter-gatherer instincts. You enter dank and dangerous dungeons to hunt monsters and gather the loot that they drop. It's Indiana Jones if Indy had an unquenchable thirst for gold coins and unique pieces of armor and equipment. I can't adequately convey how instinctive and unintelligent this whole thing is: I just see money spilling on the floor and I have to pick it up.
As simple as the basic premise may be, there's incredible depth to explore, too. Each character class has four unique active skills and a number of passive boosts, and finding the perfect combination between those and the varied weapon upgrades is a mini-game in its own right. In one of my early Demon Hunter games, I used frost arrows to slow my enemies, which synergized nicely with my passive damage bonus against slowed foes. The fact that there's no hand-holding tutorial explaining all these combos and bits of jargon is a bonus in my book. Games should allow for some measure of experimentation and accidental discovery.
‘Diablo III' is constantly being rejuvenated with new additions and seasonal competitions
When it was first released, Diablo III drew a lot of ire from players not used to its demand to be connected to the internet in order to be played. It was a rough adjustment period, especially with overloaded servers incapable of handling the epic demand in the weeks following the game's release. But now, in 2017, Blizzard's servers are more robust than ever, Diablo plays smooth as butter, and fast internet connections are more ubiquitous and reliable. Combine that with Blizzard's ongoing support and enhancements — highlighted by the 2014 Reaper of Souls expansion pack, seasonal contests, and the upcoming introduction of the Necromancer class — and what you have is a living and growing game that shows no signs of losing its charm or popularity. And there's a whole multiplayer and public play aspect to it that I haven't even explored yet.
Thinking back to 2012, there are a number of good titles from that year that are still worth playing today, such as Mark of the Ninja, Borderlands 2, and XCOM: Enemy Unknown. One common quality among them is a more stylized, less realistic look, which Diablo III shares, that makes them feel timeless. When a cartoony video game character bumps into an invisible wall somewhere, it's far less disruptive to my suspension of disbelief than when a lovingly rendered, hyper-realistic protagonist succumbs to the same environmental limitation. Again, the simplicity of presentation in Diablo just serves to focus my attention on the intricacies of the gameplay, which at this point has been balanced to the brink of perfection.
The perfect antidote to role-playing games that have grown indulgent with their scripts and negligent with gameplay
When I play Diablo III, I get a real sense of being in control of my character's actions and fate. On the higher difficulty settings, tailoring my inventory and abilities to each mission area becomes a requisite skill, and once in the heat of battle, I can obtain bonus experience points by stringing together extra-long kill streaks or drinking from wells of enlightenment.
It was the new Mass Effect that revived my itch for a loot-em-up game that requires hours of grinding through levels in order to perfect a handsomely dressed killing machine. But it is Diablo III, the game that's good at being a game and not an interactive movie, that truly scratches that itch.
A new Frightenstein vinyl record is being released soon... check out the site and sign up for a pre-order: frightensteinvinyl.com
Welcome to the world's biggest website devoted to the brilliant Canadian TV show of the 70's, The Hilarious House of Frightenstein, starring Billy Van, Billy Van, Billy Van, etc., Fishka Rais as Igor, Joe Torbay as Gronk, Guy Big as Count Munchkinstein, and special guest star Vincent Price.
This live action 60 minute show was a fixture on Saturday morning television for decades. Through its combination of variety, humor, and educational segments, all flavored with the spice of mock horror, the show had a lasting impact on the youth of the day.
To those involved in the making of the show, this site is dedicated. For the rest, lean back and let your mouse take you for a trip back to that mysterious place, overlooking the sleepy village of Frankenstone, somewhere far away from the Count's beloved homeland of Transylvania; the place known as Castle Frightenstein…
Artist's Note:
This week's comic is an interesting mash-up. It's a touch of Pokémon, a pinch of Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney, and a tidbit of murder.
The core issue inspired from an article on Kotaku that came up recently, concerning some new "designs" for Pokémon X and Y. I do have to wonder... why did they bring a sword to life? Or a key-chain for the matter? I guess that after awhile, trying to create something new for kids to catch can get tiring. Despite this, I do have to give kudos to the art department behind all the creature designs for the Pokémon franchise. I'd get fed up after 150, and here they are, still pumping out more and more, feeding into the lifeblood of Pokémon forever more.
-Sarah Yoshi
Their vague hope prompted laughter from the opposition who knew questions over their government's handling of the Garda Ombudsman controversy would not go away.
This wasn't how it was meant to be. The night before, it seemed they and Justice Minister Alan Shatter had successfully shut down any talk that the police watchdog might have been under surveillance.
There was “no evidence” found during the “routine sweep of a nature which had occurred previously”, the minister said, and the issue was prompted by “no specific concern”.
“No definitive evidence existed,” the Taoiseach insisted, and “no further action was necessary or reasonably practicable. I hope we can move on”.
It was the same sort of shutdown attempted when a last-minute intervention was made to try to halt a garda whistleblower's planned appearance at the Public Accounts Committee to give evidence on penalty points cancellations.
Mr Shatter referred the issue to the Garda Ombudsman Commission, who they had sidelined from all previous handling of the complaints, in the expectation it would stop the issue being played out in a committee.
But just as they failed in that effort, so too did they fail in their efforts to kill the story about surveillance at the ombudsman's office.
The three members of the commission last night painted a very different picture to what Mr Shatter told TDs the night before.
Ombudsman Simon O'Brien said they suspected they “may have been under some form of surveillance”, adding, “I have no information in my possession that any other ombudsman office has ever been under that sort of surveillance.”
Furthermore, they said they could not rule out garda involvement and said the surveillance may have been authorised. They confirmed they “fully informed the minister of everything that happened” in a meeting before Mr Shatter made their statement to the Dáil.
Questions now hang over Mr Shatter, including why they attempted to play down the issue, and whether they were telling the Dáil the full details of what they knew.
 They are also under pressure to explain whether — if there was no “unauthorised surveillance” — there was authorised surveillance. The opposition are not likely to let this issue rest and public disquiet about the Coalition's handling of the affair is not likely to go away.
Despite the Taoiseach's wishes, the messy affairs are far from being behind them and their Government.
ONTARIO, OH — Arizona Sen. John McCain delivered a stinging rebuke of President Barack Obama's handling of the terrorist attack on an American consulate in Libya, saying the commander in chief is either "engaged in a massive cover-up" or is "grossly incompetent."
The 2008 GOP presidential nominee focused their remarks on the Sept. 11, 2012 attack in Libya rather than Hurricane Sandy at an event in battleground Ohio that had been billed as a "storm relief and volunteer appreciation" event.
"This president is either engaged in a massive cover-up deceiving the American people or they are so grossly incompetent that they are not qualified to be the commander in chief of our armed forces. It's either one of them," McCain told Romney volunteers gathered here at a Victory Center.
Though the mention of the attacks has faded from Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney's stump speech, it remains a hot button for conservatives who feel the death of four Americans was a result of negligence on the part of the White House. Democrats have condemned the accusations as an attempt by the right to politicize the tragedy, a notion McCain dismissed when speaking to reporters.
"I think it's interesting to note that when there was a success, such as when, thank God, we were able to get bin Laden, the administration poured out every single detail, even details that put American lives in danger," McCain said. They later added: "It is my obligation to the men and women who are serving to get the full story out to these four brave Americans have families. They deserve to know why their sons were sacrificed in the needless fashion."
As McCain motivated volunteers at Romney's Ohio headquarters, the GOP nominee held a relief event to collect supplies for those affected by Hurricane Sandy. Obama cancelled campaign events on Tuesday, and Romney scratched an earlier event in this state, a move McCain called "appropriate."
The 2008 presidential candidate said they believe the storm "froze everything in place while this terrible tragedy fixated the attention of the American people. Now i think they're ready to get back into this campaign."
Also joining McCain was Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus, who encouraged Ohioans to bring supplies to Victory Centers throughout the state. They are two of many surrogates who will be hitting the Buckeye State between now and Election Day. The focus now is turning out the base and getting as many early votes as possible before Nov. 6.
Asked to compare conservative enthusiasm now to at this point four years ago, McCain said, "I hate to admit it but it's much stronger than in 2008. That's just a fact."
As the Boulder Daily Camera's Elizabeth Hernandez reports–yesterday on the campus of the University of Colorado, graduate students turned out to protest the Republican tax legislation that passed the U.S. House of Representatives earlier this month. The version passed by the House includes a head-scratching provision that requires grad students who work at teaching or on research projects to offset tuition costs to declare money they never actually see as taxable income:
About 100 University of Colorado graduate students and supporters packed the University Memorial Center fountain area Wednesday morning to protest the proposed Republican tax plan that would dramatically increase taxes for many students around the nation. Hasti Rahemi, a Ph.D. student in CU's Leeds School of Business, was among the crowd lamenting whether she'd even be able to finish their studies if the plan passed… Depending on a graduate student's appointment and whether they or they qualify for in-state or out-of-state tuition, CU graduate student advocacy group Committee on Rights and Compensation estimated impacted students would see their taxes increase between 194 percent and 2,329 percent under the GOP tax plan. [Pols emphasis]
The high cost of graduate school credit hours has long been offset by students teaching and doing other qualified work for the institution to reduce their tuition and fees. To count that as taxable income would subject students to massive tax increases on “income” that isn't income at all. We haven't seen an estimate for how much this change would raise in revenue, but the damage it could do to postgraduate education in the country is really quite sobering. It's worth noting that an equivalent provision does not exist in the Senate version of the bill under debate as of this writing; we'll have to see if it's inserted as an amendment or perhaps during the conference committee between the House and Senate to hammer out a final version of the bill.
As the overall cost of higher education has ballooned in recent years, it's become a common theme from conservative politicians to disparage the need for advanced degrees outside of economically vital specialties, medicine, the legal profession, and (of course) the master's degree in business administration. But we've perhaps never seen that rhetorical contempt for higher education put into policy more than the House tax “reform” bill–which every Republican House member from Colorado voted for.
The far-reaching implications of this one provision in such a massive overhaul of the tax code should be enough to give anybody pause. Like eliminating the adoption tax credit or sneaking “Personhood” in with college tuition savings plans, there appear to be nasty culture war ulterior motives under the hood of this whole effort.
Lindsay worked in the criminal division of the U.S. attorney's office in Los Angeles for 28 years.
Now, more than 150 former federal prosecutors have expressed their disapproval of Trump's overreach as well. On Monday, former Assistant United States Attorney Ellyn Marcus Lindsay provided The Intercept with a letter signed by themselves and 53 other former AUSAs in California, which referred to the executive order as “a thinly veiled attempt to exclude Muslims from certain countries based on their religion.”
Donald Trump's executive order banning travel to the United States by the citizens of seven Muslim-majority countries and by refugees worldwide has been broadly rejected by the judiciary, with over a dozen federal court orders restricting or staying the travel ban.
Two similarly worded letters have been signed by former AUSAs in New York and Florida. The New York letter has 65 signatories and the Florida letter has 36. The three letters hold no legal force, but they reflect a strong current of mainstream opinion within the legal profession that is in vocal opposition to Trump's abortive travel ban.
Also on Monday, the American Bar Association adopted a resolution urging the president to withdraw the executive order. In a speech prior to the vote, ABA President Linda Klein warned that parts of the executive order “jeopardize fundamental principles of justice, due process, and the rule of law.”
“We must avoid sweeping bans based on religion or national origin,” Klein said in their remarks and called for a judiciary “independent from the president of the United States.” They applauded the ABA for launching a website to coordinate legal defense for immigrants affected by the travel ban. Klein also responded directly to Trump's tweet attacking Judge James Robart, whose temporary restraining order suspended the ban. “There are no ‘so-called judges' in America,” they said. “There are simply judges — fair and impartial.”
Last week, the San Francisco Bar Association also lambasted the travel ban, calling it “cruel and intolerable, and likely unlawful.”
The AUSA letters argue that Trump's executive order permits the president to give an unconstitutional “religious preference” to Christians over Muslims in admissions into the country.
Patricia Pileggi, a former federal prosecutor in New York, said, “We entered into agreements with other countries to allow people into the U.S. Without any notification whatsoever, those agreements were revoked. The order initially prevented people from returning to schools, to jobs, prevented scientists from returning to the U.S. to do very valuable research.”
Attorneys general for 15 states and the District of Columbia filed an amicus brief on Monday supporting the challenge to Trump's Muslim ban by Minnesota and Washington state. Jeff Modisett, a former AUSA who signed the California letter, was the Indiana attorney general from 1996 to 2000. If they were still in that position, they told The Intercept, they would have joined the brief as well.
The Trump administration also filed a brief with the court, arguing that it was within its authority to issue the ban. The 9th Circuit Court of Appeals will hear oral arguments on the suit on Tuesday.
“Putting aside the inhumanity, bigotry, and ignorance underlying this order,” wrote Lindsay in an email to The Intercept, “you would have to be blind to see the order as anything but absurd. To effect such a broad and sweeping change of the rules (which, to date, have not led to one terrorist attack), without proper vetting or notice to affected persons and agencies shows a recklessness and lack of care that is simply terrifying.”
Photo: The National Crime Agency/Flickr
On Tuesday, an official from the National Crime Agency (NCA)—essentially the UK's version of the FBI—said that under the proposed Investigatory Powers Bill, the agency could request Apple to remove encryption.
Chris Farrimond, deputy director intelligence collection at the NCA, said this was the case in response to a question posed by Ian Brown, professor of information security and privacy and the Oxford Internet Institute, which is part of Oxford University.
The Investigatory Powers Bill is an attempt to bring together the UK's varied, and arguably muddled, surveillance powers under one legislative umbrella, and provide new powers too. It has been the dominant policy topic amongst law enforcement, privacy campaigners, and experts in the UK for the past six months.
Section 218(9) of the bill reads that someone who has been provided with such a notice "must comply."
The question concerning Apple and encryption was asked during a public panel discussion at Parliament, called "Cross-Border Data Requests and the Investigatory Powers Bill." Brown confirmed the exchange to Motherboard.
A tweet from Silkie Carlo, from campaign group Liberty, stated that Farrimond had said the agency could "force" Apple to remove encryption.
A spokesperson from the NCA told Motherboard that Farrimond "stated something along the lines of that according to the bill as currently drafted we could request this." Farrimond responded with their own tweet, also clarifying that they said "request."
With that being said, Section 218(9) of the bill reads that someone who has been provided with such a notice "must comply." The Home Secretary must also "take into account the technical feasilbity, and likely cost, of complying with those obligations."
The Investigatory Powers Bill would force internet service providers to store browsing data of all customers for 12 months. The bill, which is currently going through the debate process in the House of Commons, would also introduce new authorisations for how law enforcement carries out its computer hacking capabilities.
Elsewhere in the over 250-page bill are sections referring to the removal of "electronic protection" of data. This has been widely interpreted by tech companies and civil liberties groups as a legal capability to force firms to strip customer's devices or communications of encryption.
"We believe encryption is important, we are not proposing to make any changes to encryption and the legal position around that," the Home Secretary Theresa May said during an evidence session for the bill in January.
But, the bill clearly still gives the expectation that companies should be able to hand over data in an intelligible form when demanded to do so.
"We're not saying that we want keys to their encryption," May continued in the hearing. "The government doesn't need to know what the encryption is, but if there's a lawful warrant it's about that information being readable."
This position sits at odds with the reality of how many encryption systems work today. Increasingly, companies are putting encryption keys in the control of individual users, meaning that even the firm typically cannot obtain plain-text data itself. When it comes to Apple, the current debate is focused mostly around the company's hard-drive encryption, and in particular how it is applied to its later generation of iPhones.
More broadly, many companies are expanding their deployment of end-to-end encryption, used to secure communications such as texts, video, or audio calls. Earlier this month, WhatsApp turned on a much more robust implementation of encryption for all of its 1 billion users, meaning that the company cannot read or provide copies of its users' chats to law enforcement.
With these developments in mind, it's not clear how the NCA would expect to, technologically, obtain decrypted data from Apple, but perhaps similar legal challenges to those that have played out in the US could appear in the UK.
CALGARY – Toby Enstrom knows exactly what some of you are thinking.
While quietly putting together an impressive season on the blue-line of the Winnipeg Jets, Enstrom has long been the subject of debate among fans of the hockey club.
One faction looks only at the salary ($5.75 million caps hit for two more seasons after this one) and point totals (two goals, 15 points in 69 games) before quickly coming to the conclusion that Enstrom isn't earning their keep and that they should be traded, even though they have a full no-movement clause in their contract.
But those who work closely with the Swedish defenceman paint a far different picture.
With a defence corps that also features the likes of Dustin Byfuglien, Tyler Myers and Jacob Trouba, it's easy for Enstrom to fly under the radar.
To be perfectly honest, that's just the way Enstrom likes it, at least when it comes to the attention (or lack thereof) that they receive.
“He goes unmentioned a lot, but in this locker room, we know how important they are,” said Jets forward Chris Thorburn, who along with Enstrom is the longest tenured member of the organization, at nine seasons. “For Toby, it's their hockey sense. It would be hard to find someone who thinks the game the way they do and understands it. He's a guy that wants to win, they compete and he's a quiet leader.”
The Winnipeg Jets (29-35-5) will attempt to put together their first three-game winning streak of the season on Wednesday when they face the Calgary Flames at Scotiabank Saddledome.
Enstrom broke into the NHL in 2007-08 as a rookie with the Atlanta Thrashers and it didn't take long before they were putting up some impressive numbers.
In their early years, they were a point-producing machine, racking up 50 and 51 points for the Thrashers over consecutive seasons.
But since the Jets relocated, Enstrom's highest point total was 33 and that came in 2011-12, when Enstrom missed 20 games due to injury
There's been a decline in each of the subsequent seasons, but Enstrom's value to their club has perhaps never been higher, especially if you look at the underlying numbers.
“There's one truth to our defence. Whoever is Toby's partner, according to the analytics, gives up fewer red-zone shots, gets more red-zone shots, turnovers cut down, clean entries go up,” said Jets head coach Paul Maurice. “For a man their size, he's incredibly effective at taking the puck out of a tough area and putting it on somebody's stick. He's just been fantastic. He's played exceptionally well this year.”
Enstrom, 31, would love to chip in a bit more offensively and they even mentioned to me during a training camp interview that they know they should shoot on a more regular basis.
But at the end of the day, the Jets have other defencemen who can carry the offensive load.
“When I came over, I was an offensive guy. But over the years, I developed my overall game and that's something I want to do every year. That's something that keeps you going, that you want to get better in every part of the game,” said Enstrom. “(The decrease in production) isn't something I think about, that I put up 50 points back in the day.
“You want to be the guy that can help the team win. You always hope to play more, but in the end, the older you get … you want to win. You want to be in the hunt and you want to be in the playoffs.”
Enstrom has been to the post-season just once in nine seasons, so he's happy to make personal sacrifices if it means getting another chance to chase the Stanley Cup.
Just in case you thought this Enstrom love-fest was merely a product of asking people within the Jets organization, let's give the final word to Vancouver Canucks forward Daniel Sedin.
“His skating ability is second to none, they always make the great first pass and they have a great stick. For him, it's about the reads that they make,” Sedin told me earlier this week. “I know it's a tough comparison but they remind me of (Nicklas) Lidstrom a little bit. Not overly physical, but he's always in the right place at the right time.
“I don't think he's underrated. I just think he's really good.”
kwiebe@postmedia.ca
Twitter.com/WiebeSunSports
The cost of Canada's role in the battle against Islamic State militants in Iraq has hit $122-million and the government is asking Parliament to cut a cheque to the military as it deliberates continuing a mission the Conservatives appear set to extend.
Defence Minister Jason Kenney announced Monday he's seeking authorization for funds to cover the first six months of Canada's Operation Impact mission in Iraq. A Commons motion passed in October gave legislative approval for a deployment until early April, when the Tories will have to decide whether to prolong the fight.
"Costs will ultimately be higher than that, but how much higher will depend on whether we wrap up the operation at the end of March, or extend it," Mr. Kenney said.
Story continues below advertisement
The $122-million figure is bound to be met with skepticism Tuesday when the Commons resume sitting. Opposition parties say the government doesn't count the full costs of the mission and Parliament's budget watchdog is set to release its own estimate of the war to date.
Mr. Kenney suggested Monday the government is leaning toward extending the Iraq engagement while cautioning Ottawa has not finished deliberations.
"Our government is inclined to continue playing a meaningful role in the fight against this genocidal terrorist organization. We believe Canada should not stand on the sidelines. However, we have not yet made a final decision," they said.
The funding sought from Parliament would cover the bill until early April for Canada's aerial combat mission based out of Kuwait – six CF-18 fighters – as well as the costs for surveillance flights and refuelling aircraft in the U.S.-led coalition that currently dominates the skies over Iraq and parts of Syria.
The money will also cover the 69-soldier military advisory mission in northern Iraq, where Canadian special forces troops are directing air strikes from the ground and helping Kurdish peshmerga fighters .
The sum of $122-million might seem small for six months of aerial combat and ground operations, but the government is only revealing what it calls the "incremental costs" of this activity, a sum that does not include expenditures that would be incurred regardless of whether the planes and soldiers were stationed at home instead of posted abroad.
As of Feb. 15, CF-18 Hornets have conducted 320 sorties over Iraq, the CC-150 Polaris air refueller has flown 80 times and Canada's Aurora aircraft have conducted nearly 90 surveillance missions.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Kenney said they believe Canadians will support the spending. "This is a vicious death cult that is a threat to regional and international security," Mr. Kenney said. "They have declared war on Canada and our allies, and that's why Canada has a responsibility to be there."
"We just saw this savage organization behead 21 people for the crime of being Christian in Libya this week, burn a Jordanian air force pilot alive last week."
They said ending the mission in April would also incur extra costs for returning equipment and Canadian Armed Forces personnel to Canada.
"We think these costs are entirely reasonable given the importance of this mission where Canadian Special Operations and our Royal Canadian Air Force are having a meaningful impact."
Canadian special forces have ended up playing a more active role in the battle against Islamic State fighters than initially expected and the military says these elite soldiers are at the battle front lines about 20 per cent of the time. In a number of cases, Canadian soldiers have shot and killed Islamic State forces after coming under fire while advising the Kurds.
An Ipsos Reid poll for Global News released Feb. 14 suggests domestic support for Canada's aerial combat mission in Iraq has risen in the past five months. The same survey indicates that Canadians would support an extension of the mission.
Story continues below advertisement
Nearly three quarters of those surveyed agreed strongly or somewhat strongly that Canada "should do everything possible to prevent [the Islamic State] from getting its own state, even if it means putting Canadian soldiers on the ground in Iraq."
Image copyright Getty Images
Royal Dutch Shell has said it will cut 2,800 jobs if its planned takeover of BG Group goes ahead, about 3% of the combined group's workforce.
The proposed job cuts are in addition to the 7,500 job losses Shell announced in July.
The tie-up between Shell and BG deal is due to be completed early next year.
However, an institutional investor has told the BBC that the deal does not make "financial sense" at current oil price levels.
David Cumming, head of equities at Standard Life Investments, told the BBC it was "very difficult to make the deal work" with oil below $40 a barrel, saying oil prices needed to be $60-$70 a barrel.
Extra measures
Shell announced in April that it had agreed to buy BG, in a deal that valued the oil and gas exploration firm at about £47bn.
In its latest statement, Shell said that the planned job losses were part of "operational and administrative restructuring".
"Further detailed work will be undertaken on the details of the proposed restructuring as part of ongoing integration planning," Shell said.
The final regulatory barrier to the Shell-BG tie-up was cleared on Monday after it was approved by China.
It has already been approved by regulators in Australia, Brazil and the European Union.
Shell chief executive Ben van Beurden said the companies would now "seek approval from both sets of shareholders as we move towards deal completion in early 2016".
'Under pressure'
Last week, the price of oil fell to seven-year lows, with both Brent crude and US crude now below $40 a barrel.
Speaking before Shell announced the plans for job cuts, Mr Cumming told the BBC's Today programme that - given the low oil price - possible options included Shell walking away from the deal, Shell changing the terms of the deal, or shareholders rejecting the deal.
"Shareholders could vote the deal down, and the break fee is pretty low, so I think Shell will come under pressure over the next few months to say how the deal is going to work," Mr Cumming added.
Standard Life is among the top 20 investors in both companies. Mr Cumming declined to say how they would vote on the deal.
The latest fighter from Aegis Dynamics
The A3G Vanguard is the United Empire of Earth's dedicated deep space fighter. Initially developed as a bomber-destroyer, the Vanguard is a hard-charging bulldog of a ship which features extensive forward-mounted weaponry designed to tear through the shields and armor of other spacecraft. Four high-caliber forward laser cannons and a massive central Gatling gun give the Vanguard an unprecedented amount of sheer striking power. So-named because their multiple-jump range allows them to form the forefront of any military expedition, Vanguard have seen extensive service against the Vanduul.
The Vanguard trades the maneuverability of the Hornet, Lightning and Gladius for extended range, armor and durability. With more hardpoints and increased space for onboard computer systems, the design can boast improved radar and a credible electronic warfare suite. In combat, the Vanguard's roles are extensive: long range jump scout, extended duration patrol/reconnaissance ship, fighter-bomber (when equipped with torpedoes), tactical command and control ship, bomber interceptor and, in the proper hands, even a fighter-killer. The Vanguard's extensive range can allow for missions lasting days or even weeks. Internally, the ship is fitted with sleeping berths and reclamation facilities to support such missions.
With a notable silhouette, the Vanguard is best known for its distinctive twin X-Forge engines, which allow for both an impressive top speed and an extensive backup system for enhanced combat survivability. Coupled with a superstructure composed from a distinct tungsten alloy, more than one Vanguard pilot has returned to base with little more than a single engine and the charred remains of a fuselage.
Vanguard units have been assigned to both planetary bases and aboard larger space stations. The fighter's legendary durability allows it to operate in all-weather conditions with limited maintenance and makes it particularly beloved by the hard-fighting UEE Marines, who make frequent use of its ability to comfortably operate from makeshift combat bases.
Though Aegis Dynamics does not officially offer a civilian variant of the Vanguard, working in conjunction with the UEE's Frontier Protection Program they have made a number of the mil-spec Vanguard available to civilians.
Known specifications
LENGTH 37m BEAM 39m (25m folded) HEIGHT 8.8m (8.5m Gear down, 6.3m folded) NULL - CARGO MASS Coming Soon CARGO CAPACITY 0 SCU MAX CREW 2 persons MAX POWER PLANT 2xS2 FACTORY POWER PLANT Coming Soon MAX ENGINE ( PRIMARY THRUSTER ) 2xTR4 FACTORY ENGINE 2x X-Forge D/S4-320 (TR4) MANEUVERING THRUSTERS 12xTR2 MAX SHIELD 2 SHIELD Coming Soon ADDITIONAL EQUIPMENT Survival Pod GIMBAL WEAPONS ( CENTERLINE ) 1xS4 APOC DeathBallistic Gatling FIXED WEAPONS ( NOSE ) 4xS2 Behring M4A High Power Lasers MANNED TURRET 1×(2xS2) Ballistic Repeaters MISSILES ( BODY ) 2× 4xS2
All specifications are subject to change for game balancing.
From Fellrnr.com, Running tips
Fellrnr.com is dedicated to making you a better runner, whether you're a beginner or a competitive athlete. Many of the articles are general in nature, but specific attention is given to the marathon and ultramarathon distances. I don't claim to have any specific training beyond my own experience as a competitive ultrarunner and I advise you to Trust No One. I'm a believer in the scientific method, and so this site is a mixture of my personal perspective and an analysis of the available scientific evidence. I have learned that Documentation Is Evil and therefore try to keep things short and to the point, so a lot of articles on this site may be shorter than you might expect. You can email me using "contact <a-t> fellrnr -dot- c o m".
1 Product Reviews
Because this site is to make you a better runner, I have avoided putting any advertisements on this site. I do have a number of product reviews that use "affiliate links" which result in a small commission of any resulting sale without increasing the cost to you. You may find that the product reviews on this site are a little more critical, and I will often recommend the cheaper, better value for money products where possible. This is partly because I have no relationship with a supplier or manufacturer that I need to protect, and I am in a financial position to run this site at a loss. The products I review I pay for just like you would. (I do occasionally take part in product development by giving feedback or data to manufacturers, but this is not intended to be used to develop content for this site. This includes an NDA with Garmin.) More formally: Fellrnr.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com, Amazon.co.uk, Amazon.it, Amazon.de and other Amazon stores worldwide
2 My Story
Because of my skin condition I never did any exercise as a child. By my early-30s I was overweight inactive and not terribly healthy. It was at this point I got my "wake-up call" in the form of a particularly severe migraine. This migraine was unusual in that the early symptoms included not only loss of vision but also impaired the speech center of the brain. I was unable to speak coherently, understand what was said to me, or even read and write. In many ways the symptoms mirror those of the stroke, and were quite frightening. This migraine did not last long and I recovered fully but it made me realize that unless I did something can to improve my health than the stroke was a very real possibility. I started off by joining an aerobics class and got into running as a way of getting to and from the class. My weight dropped from its high of 205 pounds and I started getting into longer distance running. I entered my first half marathon woefully unprepared having only run a maximum of 6 miles before. I was nearly the last one to finish the race competing for DFL with a 70-year-old woman. I could barely walk for a week afterwards, so naturally I signed up for the London Marathon. I finished the London Marathon in 1999 and moved to the US in 2000, where I continued running marathons. After a few years of marathon running I realized that speed was not my forte but I did have a lot of endurance. I found the world of ultrarunning rather more relaxed and over time found myself becoming competitive in the longer distances. My sister's book My Life In Their Paws gives far more insight into our skin condition than I ever could. It's also a great book for dog lovers, and shows how strong the bond can be between a dog and its owner as well as how much can be achieved with careful training.
3 My Genetic Profile
I've had genetic testing using 23 and Me, and published an overview of my genetic testing results.
4 Bios
Me, circa 1995 at about 205 pounds.
Me again, but at Hinson Lake in 2010, weighing 135 pounds.
Name : Jonathan Savage
: Jonathan Savage Nom de plume : Fellrnr
: Fellrnr Location : Charlotte, NC, USA
: Charlotte, NC, USA Occupation : Software architect specializing in security.
: Software architect specializing in security. Started running : 1997 (For most of my life I avoided exercise due to a genetic skin condition Epidermolysis Bullosa)
: 1997 (For most of my life I avoided exercise due to a genetic skin condition Epidermolysis Bullosa) Started running ultras : 2005
: 2005 PRs : 146 miles in 24 hours, 100 miles in 15:58, 100K in 9:31, 50 miles in 7:08, 50K in 3:38, 26.2 in 2:53.
: 146 miles in 24 hours, 100 miles in 15:58, 100K in 9:31, 50 miles in 7:08, 50K in 3:38, 26.2 in 2:53. Favorite Run : 2008 Double-Crossing of the Grand Canyon.
: 2008 Double-Crossing of the Grand Canyon. Typical training week : See Training Macrolog.
: See Training Macrolog. Injury history: Epidermolysis Bullosa and Back Surgery .
5 Supporting this web site
If you shop at Amazon.com,Zappos.com, RoadRunnerSports.com or REI.com, then clicking on these links will result in a commission coming back to help fund this site. This has no cost to you.
6 Why 'fellrnr'?
I wanted fellrunner, but that username was taken on the first site when I tried to use it, so fellrnr was a natural abbreviation. The shorter 'fellrnr' also has the advantage of being unique and fitting on a NC vanity license plate. I like the name especially because of the ambiguity of 'fell', which has at least three meanings in English:
'fell running' - the English term for trail running, coming from old Norse Fjell, meaning hill.
'fell' - 'Of an inhumanly cruel nature; fierce'.
'fell' - one who has taken a fall.
7 Why the Logo?
The logo for this site shows someone running downhill, and this represents my belief in the importance of Downhill Running.
8 Hosting
Fellrnr is hosted on Linode, and I would highly recommend them if you're after Linux or Windows hosting.
9 Privacy Policy, Terms of usage, and Disclaimers
This site does not share personal information with third parties nor do I store any information about your visit other than to analyze and optimize content and reading experience through the use of cookies. You can turn off the use of cookies at any time by changing your specific browser settings. I am not responsible for republished content from this blog on other blogs or websites without permission. This privacy policy is subject to change without notice and was last updated on September 9th, 2014. All user generated content, posts, and discussions, contained on fellrnr.com are the intellectual property of fellrnr.com. fellrnr.com reserves the right to overwrite or replace any affiliate, commercial, or monetizable links, posted by users of fellrnr.com, with our own internal tracking. If you have any questions, feel free to contact me directly.
By Colton Davies
For Immediate Release:
Kamloops, BC – The Kamloops Blazers have announced that the team will wear old-school CCM Propac full-length pants during the team's home game on Friday, March 4th against the Kelowna Rockets.
The CCM Propac pants were previously worn by Blazer teams in the 1980's, an equipment style that lasted until 1986-87. The Propac pants were also dawned in the NHL by the Philadelphia Flyers in 1981-82, and again in 1982-83 by the Flyers and the Hartford Whalers.
The full-length Propac hockey pants are similar to the original “Cooperalls” designed by Cooper Canada in the early 1970's.
The notion by the Blazers will be the first time any WHL club has honoured the old style equipment worn around the league in the 80's.
The game against the Rockets on March 4th will also be broadcast on Sportsnet's CHL Friday Night Hockey coverage on Sportsnet East, Ontario, West and Pacific, as well as NHL Network US.
It goes without saying that BIGBANG VIPs have been missing T.O.P quite a bit ever since they enlisted in the military last month, so much so that fans have started sending food packages to the the baritone rapper. As heartfelt and sweet as these gestures are, it looks like it may not be a good idea!
In a new Instagram post from T.O.P's sister, they explain that while it is great that fans are sending them food out of love, food deliveries are forbidden at their training center and they will get penalised if they receive any packages. They then ends their message by asking fans to not send T.O.P any food, not because they don't want it, but because he'll get in trouble if they receive any gifts.
Here's a translation of T.O.P's sister's message:
"I have a request! My little brother contacted me.. He's now done training in Nonsan and he's now in Byukjae for the second half of their training. They said that the Byukjae training center forbids food delivery, so if they get any, he'll get penalized, so you really can't send them any.. because he'll be in trouble if they get penalized.. So please don't send them any!! I'm always grateful that you care for my brother so much."
Righto, no more food for T.O.P, just our unwavering love!
Hear us on SBS PopAsia Digital Radio
Listen in 24/7 on Digital Radio, by downloading our free mobile app or by streaming live here on our website.
Download the app here:
It touched people. It effortlessly crossed geographic, cultural and political boundaries. It honored a family, a department and a community, and reassured strangers that there was still room for simple compassion and dignity in a complex world.
It touched people. It effortlessly crossed geographic, cultural and political boundaries. It honored a family, a department and a community, and reassured strangers that there was still room for simple compassion and dignity in a complex world.
It was a picture of a police service dog being honored by their fellow officers, and it went around the world in days on the Internet, re-appearing on television and in publications on every continent (save for Antarctica) and resulting in real, tangible benefits (donations and personal condolences) for the members of the Plymouth Police Working Dog Foundation.
Facebook defines “weekly reach” as “the number of unique people who have seen any content associated with your page” for a given week.
As of today, according to Facebook, the Old Colony Memorial Facebook page “reached” 6,194,374 people this week.
Black 'cube' UFO over El Paso -- the work of aliens or a hoax?
Two El Paso residents have reported seeing a UFO in the form of a black cube.
According to Secureteam10, an online entity that posts YouTube videos of purported UFOs and similar phenomena, the cube was seen about mid-day June 29 in El Paso by two people.
A man who was leaving their office about 1 p.m. for lunch said it began to get very windy and they noticed that the center of some swirling clouds became "jet black," Secureteam10 stated in a video made from photos the man took.
Just as the man snapped the photo, a massive, cube-shaped UFO appeared, "jetting out of this worm-hole type manifestation," the video narrator said.
"I am personally at a loss for words because this thing is mind-blowing," the narrator continued. "Not only do we not know what it is -- Is is it a craft, is it an entity from another dimension, is it a probe sent here from a higher intelligence in another galaxy?"
A woman who works as an accountant at an El Paso office also reported seeing the cube, which they described as "sinister," in a telephone interview with Secureteam10.
"It stopped me in my tracks completely," the woman said. "I remember a magnetic humming sound that emanated from this thing. It was really scary."
But Fletcher Gray, the head Texas investigator for the Mutual UFO Network, said they believe the video is a "computer generated image," or CGI.
"If you blow the thing up, you can see too many pixels," Gray said Tuesday. "Someone is playing a practical joke."
In a telephone interview with the woman who claimed they saw the black-cube UFO, Secureteam10 asked them what they would say to skeptics who call the sighting a hoax.
"All I can say is I was there and saw this thing with my own two eyes," the woman said. "I personally took a picture of it.... I hope that my doing this interview can confirm this did happen. No one is going to tell me different, for sure."
Hampton Creek, a startup that's creating plant-based alternatives to eggs, announced $23 million in funding last month.
That brings the total funding to $30 million from investors. Asia's richest man, Li-Ka Shing, is an investor. As is the world's richest man, Bill Gates. It also has investment from Yahoo founder Jerry Yang, Khosla Ventures, and the Founders Fund.
Today, the company announced that its egg-free mayo is being sold in Costco in Colorado.
The man behind the company is 34-year-old Josh Tetrick. This is their first big company.
Prior to founding Hampton Creek, they were working for the U.N. in sub-Saharan Africa. They say they felt frustrated by their work because it was slow moving, and at times corrupt.
They were talking about their work with their best friend one day. Their friend could hear their frustration. Together, they started talking about what Tetrick could do instead. Eventually, they ended up talking about the egg industry. From there, they landed on the idea of using plants to replace eggs.
Tetrick started reaching out to friends and friends of friends. Eventually they hooked up with some chefs to make a proof of concept. From there, they raised a seed round of funding. Then, they started hiring biochemists and food scientists. In a year and a half they had figured out how to make mayo and cookie dough that didn't need eggs.
When they went to raise $23 million last year, they used the following pitch deck. We got them on the phone to explain the deck, and run through the pitch that landed them millions.
Here's how a first-time entrepreneur got the richest men in the world to open their wallets.
FOXBORO — Dont'a Hightower is both passionate and practical.
So while they hated to see fellow linebacker Jamie Collins get traded to the Cleveland Browns this week, Hightower recognized the business element of the Patriots' decision. Collins is like a brother to Hightower, and the star linebackers have at times leaned on one another because they're both in the final year of their rookie contracts.
For all those reasons, the trade hit a little too close to home.
“It could have happened to me,” Hightower told the Herald yesterday in their first comments since the trade. “Just as easy as it was Jamie, it could have been me. Just like Tom (Brady) said, it could happen to anybody. It's part of football. It's the business aspect of it, but honestly, there's not really much we ourselves can do. If you get traded, it's not like you can say no. Just try to keep that in the back of your mind and try to handle business the best way I can, and that's on the field.”
Hightower, a first-time captain, sounded like the franchise quarterback. Brady has also seen some of their best friends get sent packing over the years, including Lawyer Milloy, Willie McGinest, Deion Branch, Adam Vinatieri, Richard Seymour, Wes Welker and Logan Mankins.
“You can't be around this long and not realize that the world will keep spinning and the sun will come up tomorrow without you,” Brady said. “It could happen to anybody. You just have to show up to work, do the best you can do every day, and let your performance just try to speak for itself.”
Hightower's evolution as a leader and, potentially, a long-term member of the defense was evident in their reaction to this week's jarring transaction.
“More shocked than anything,” Hightower said. “Obviously, me and Jamie were real close over the years since them coming in as a rookie and us growing up together on the field. I don't think our relationship is going to change. They hit me up and shot me some texts in the morning, and we were kind of joking around. It sucks, but it's just part of football. They worked hard. They might have done things a little different, but they definitely worked when it came to practice, whether it was the tackling drills or during one-on-ones. They were always the first one out there. He's hardworking. A lot of the plays that they make in the game, it's because he's done it two or three times at practice. Their style of play is a little bit different, but it works for him.”
Hightower and Collins grew close during the latter's rookie season in 2013, and the defense began to revolve around the pair during the Super Bowl XLIX run in 2014 because long-time linebacker Jerod Mayo was down with an injury. Their significance to the operation heightened in 2015, and they were viewed together this season as the two most important impending free agents.
Hightower and Collins were often inseparable at Gillette Stadium, either on the field or in the locker room. They fished, rode four-wheelers and lived it up together in the offseason, too. So after digesting the initial shock of the Collins trade, the ensuing response was essentially curiosity over Hightower's feelings due to their friendship and Hightower's importance in the locker room.
“I'm still a person; I still have feelings just like anybody else,” Hightower said. “Losing Jamie is just like losing a brother in that linebacker room. . . . (Elandon Roberts) and (Barkevious) Mingo and everybody in that room has to do the best we can to fill that void. The decision was made. That's above our pay grade. We handle business as business is being dealt with.”
The Patriots will miss Collins' playmaking ability, but they still have the best record in the NFL at 7-1 and can't let those feelings linger with bigger goals in mind.
“It's definitely not a one-person job,” Hightower said. “Obviously, I'm going to have to do a lot more things that I didn't have to do with Jamie being here, but I'll be OK with that. I've had to do that before. I think Shea (McClellin) and Rob (Ninkovich) and a couple of those guys who have a little more experience, it'll be easier for us to bring Elandon and Mingo and those young guys with us as far as work ethic and the extra stuff we'll have to do to fill that void.”
A movie with Kevin Spacey, Ansel Elgort, Jamie Foxx, Jon Hamm and Eiza González has brought stars and stargazers - and some planned road closures - to the busy Perimeter Mall area.
"Baby Driver" is set in Atlanta. A bank robbery scene is set at a fictional financial institution, "Perimeter Trust." Photos: Jennifer Brett
"Baby Driver," about a crime boss' young getaway driver who finds themselves embroiled in a doomed heist, is filming at a former bank branch location on Ashford Dunwoody Road, right across from Perimeter Mall, through Friday.
The project involves a bank robbery (naturally). The gun fire will be fake but traffic impact will be real. Some road closures are planned - see below.
Photos: Jennifer Brett
An armored car is parked outside the bank involved in today's "Baby Driver" filming, presumably the target of the bank robbers. Photos: Jennifer Brett
Christina Burdick, Amanda Stanford and Sarah Cory were among the fans standing on the periphery, hoping to glimpse someone famous.
"This doesn't happen every day," Cory noted.
Burdick said traffic seemed to be moving OK despite the action.
"I thought it would be a lot worse," they said.
That could happen. Today's action mostly involved the robbers sitting outside the bank, hatching their heist. Driving scenes will start later in the production schedule and will cause some temporary road closures.
Still, they didn't seem to mind. They spent a good bit of time watching on Wednesday, and learning what all goes into making a movie. "It makes you appreciate movies so much more. We've watched for hours and it's probably going to be five seconds (on screen)," Burdick said. "They work so hard."
Today's "Baby Driver" action mostly took place in a car outside the bank. Action later in the week will involve the getaway - prompting road closures. Photos: Jennifer Brett
IMG_2676
MORE: Oprah reveals sneak peek at Atlanta-filmed "Greenleaf" .. Taraji P. Henson, Octavia Spencer, Janelle Monae to film in Canton .. The Rock visits a young patient in Savannah and brings mom to tears
Stephanie Moshier, Terri Wigger, Ashley Campbell and Evan Gilchrist stood under a shady spot to watch, and happened to meet one of the stunt drivers involved with the upcoming scene.
Gilchrist probably spent more time than anyone on set outside the folks officially involved.
"I've been out here since 10 a.m.," they said about 5 p.m. Traffic had been fine throughout the day, affected only during a brief time first thing in the morning, they said. They didn't seem worried about impact over the next few days.
"I'm from Kentucky," said Campbell, who now lives in the area. "This is interesting."
Stephanie Moshier, from left, Terri Wigger, Ashley Campbell and Evan Gilchrist had a great view of the "Baby Driver" film set. Photos: Jennifer Brett
The action is taking place right across from Perimeter Mall. Photos: Jennifer Brett
MORE: Ansel Elgort back in Atlanta .. Jon Hamm spotted in Buckhead
From the production folks:
"The film company, Bambino Films, LLC, will be filming scenes for the upcoming motion picture "Baby Driver" in the Perimeter area. The filming dates are currently scheduled for Wednesday, 3/16, Thursday, 3/17 and Monday, 3/21, between the hours of 6:00 am and 8:00 pm. The majority of the activity will be on private property located .. on the corner of Perimeter Center West directly across from the Exxon on Ashford Dunwoody. (NOTE: The notice from production folks referred to this location as a "Sun Trust building." This is a former branch location - SunTrust does not own the building and is not involved) on the corner of Perimeter Center West directly across from the Exxon on Ashford Dunwoody. Throughout those three days, the filming company will be filming scenes of a SIMULATED bank robbery, which will involve fake GUNFIRE and driving stunts on the property. During the hours of 9:00 am and 11:30 am, on all three - 3/16, 3/17 & 3/21 - the film crew will be temporarily holding traffic on Ashford Dunwoody Rd. between Perimeter Center East/West (McDonald's) and Hammond Dr., to perform driving scenes on Ashford Dunwoody Rd. Please expect traffic delays during these times. The film company asks that you plan accordingly. The Dunwoody Police Department will be assisting with the traffic management and will be on site for all filming activity. Bambino Films, LLC will make every effort to minimize the impact on the neighborhood/Perimeter area."
Here are some photos from previous filming days..
Photos: Atlanta Filming
Photos: Atlanta Filming
Oh man, what a week. My thoughts on the debate were pretty much in line with every other two-legged creature roaming the Earth, and my reaction to the blame-game in the aftermath of the Romney victory still brings a smile to my face. Who didn't enjoy watching Chris Matthews meltdown? I got to accurately call Barack Obama “the nation's first ‘participation trophy' President” and point out how he's “conducted their presidency in bubble-wrap.”
But it wasn't all fun. The unemployment numbers came out Friday and the rate dropped from 8.1 percent to 7.8 percent. Although that sounds like progress, it didn't happen because people actually found jobs – only 114,000 did so in September, which isn't enough to keep up with population growth. It was because the Bureau of Labor Statistics “found” jobs that were created months ago. As the Associated Press put it, “The revisions show employers added 146,000 jobs per month from July through September, up from 67,000 in the previous three months.”
The number of actual people in the workforce is pathetic, the economy is “growing” at a slower rate than it did last year, and nothing involving real math indicates the economy is improving in any genuine way.
Reality hasn't stopped President Obama from touting the new mythical unemployment rate like he'd personally discovered the cure for cancer. They said, “We've made too much progress to return to the policies that led to the crisis in the first place.”
I get that the president is running for re-election and will spin anything they can to their advantage. That's politics. But the president's lies are beyond normal political spin; they border on pathology. No concerned leader would revel in the pain caused by the economy they have done so little to help.
I've had that thought for a while, and it reminds me of a recent conversation. A friend asked if I thought President Obama was a sociopath. It sounds crazy, which is what I thought upon hearing it. And he's probably not. But a lot of what they do and says really made my friend wonder.
Dictionary.com defines a sociopath as “a person with a psychopathic personality whose behavior is antisocial, often criminal, and who lacks a sense of moral responsibility or social conscience.” Neither of us thinks the president is a psychopath, or that he's particularly anti-social – though do we know anything about their friends? As far as criminal goes, Fast and Furious, their associations with Tony Rezko and Bill Ayers (the only friends of theirs we know of), and theirs ignoring the oath they swore to the Constitution to do what they can't or won't get through Congress could fall into that area. But I'm not even really talking about that.
It's the last bit, the “lacks a sense of moral responsibility or social conscience” part that stuck in their craw – and mine, once I thought about it.
The president seems to like the idea of being president much more than they like to actually do the job.
A look at their daily schedule over their term shows light days, often starting at 10 a.m. Only recently have they included their Presidential Daily Briefing on national security on a regular basis, and that was only after they were criticized for not taking them. (Here's their schedule, scroll around and look at it.)
A light schedule could be attributed to a lot of things, but for a president who has played more golf in three years (100 times) than most people will play in a lifetime it makes you wonder if they even like doing the job.
Admittedly, an active recreational life doesn't constitute a lack of moral compasses. But their indifference and dispassion for world events that don't make them look good kind of do.
When Ambassador Chris Stevens was murdered in Libya, the president's remarks to the media could not have been more disconnected. Their Rose Garden statement was stoic, as if they were just going through the motions. There was no sense they actually cared. You could say they were being somber, but they read it more as someone acting somber than actually feeling it. And where was the anger, the righteous indignation in the face of the murder of an American diplomat? It didn't exist.
If the murder of the man you sent to a country you helped liberate doesn't inspire anger, what does? (This, this and this. So being questioned, but not the murder of a diplomat.)
But it's not just the stoicism. By the time the President spoke on the murder they knew it was a planned terrorist attack, yet they blamed an Internet video. They and their administration continued to blame that video for two weeks, knowing it wasn't true. They also made these statements knowing full-well that they had been warned of possible attacks and was asked repeatedly by Ambassador Stevens for additional security, only to ignore those pleas.
So maybe the President was feeling guilt, which would be better than nothing, but it wouldn't explain the knowing lies.
A sociopath will do anything to avoid blame, including shifting any possible accusation anywhere they can – like a video. Again, not proof, just a thought.
On the campaign trail, a place the president actually loves to be, they revel in the attention but accepts no responsibility for any of the negative consequences of their actions. They shift blame to their predecessor for Fast and Furious, which led to hundreds of murders, even though they know that is a lie. They routinely lie about their opponent wanting to raise taxes on the middle class and says they never will do this even though they have repeatedly.
But lying isn't a new phenomenon. It's old hat for him.
In 2007, they indicated to an audience at historically black Hampton University the federal government discriminated against black people in New Orleans after Katrina because of their skin color. They cited the Stafford Act, which requires local governments to contribute 10 percent to rebuilding devastated communities, but is routinely waived…when white people suffer was the implication. It was a shocking claim made more shocking by the fact it was a lie and, as a sitting senator, they knew it was a lie. But the audience didn't, and they knew that too.
The shameful, race-baiting remarks were not in the prepared text upon which all reporting of the event I could find was done. So lazy journalism enabled them to get away with that lie. Until yesterday.
Although all these events do show a “lack of moral responsibility and social conscience,” I told my friend I didn't think the president is a sociopath. Egomaniac? Definitely. Narcissist? Without a doubt. But what I think they are, at their core, is an agenda-driven liberal with the charm of an actor working off a good script who will do anything they have to implement their agenda and couldn't care less about restriction on their power or the people over whom they “rules.” They do what they want and anyone or anything in their way be damned.
In other words, he's a progressive.
A bridge that connects the SeaWorld area to the Midway area could crumble during a major earthquake, a new Coastal Commission report says.
More than 50,000 San Diegans cross the West Mission Bay Drive bridge each day -- a number that's expected to grow to more than 80,000 by 2035.
The century old bridge gives people easy access to Interstate 8, but it can't handle that much traffic and it's showing with cracking asphalt. There could also be additional cracking in spots unseen, the report says.
"During a major seismic event, the soft soil may experience total post-liquefaction settlement of ten to thirteen inches. Furthermore, the supporting timber piles cannot accommodate anticipated lateral forces and resulting displacements, and thus collapse is a significant concern," the report says.
The city of San Diego is asking the Coastal Commission to allow it to tear down the bridge and build two new ones that would be 1,300 feet long, 60 feet wide, with separate bike lanes. It would cost $116 million.
"I actually just read an article yesterday about how the San Andreas fault is nearing its breaking point," said Joe Livosci, who just opened an auto body shop down the street from the bridge.
A spokesperson for the city said the bridge is safe.
"The city is moving forward to replace the bridge and is confident that the current bridge will be safe for transit until the new bridge is installed," they said.
The Coastal Commission report also says the bridge is functionally obsolete since it can't handle the traffic.
The commission will consider the city's application on Wednesday, and if approved, construction could start in 2017 and take two years.
Fernando Alonso has rated their closest rivals for the Spanish newspaper AS and took the opportunity to heap praise on their old rival Lewis Hamilton.
The Ferrari driver was asked to summarise their feelings about challengers Sebastian Vettel, Mark Webber, Jenson Button, Michael Schumacher, Hamilton and their own teammate Felipe Massa.
On world champion Vettel, Alonso said: "Very fast and precise. If they are coming first in a race, they are difficult to stop." In the other Red Bull, Webber is "experienced, calm and very consistent. It is very rare to see them fail."
According to Alonso, 2009 world champion Button "has a great instinct for difficult races in rain or with the safety car. This is an unique talent."
They said Schumacher had a difficult return to F1 in 2010 but "he is the champion, we all respect them and they are a driver always capable of surprising."
Alonso said their own team-mate Massa is "very quick, knows the team and is very hungry to win".
Arguably the highest praise was reserved for Alonso's former arch rival and McLaren team-mate Hamilton. "He is a great driver and maybe the fastest at the moment in Formula One," they said.
Alonso also hit back at suggestions that while they are universally rated as perhaps F1's best driver, they are far from the most popular.
"There are more than 30,000 people here," they marvelled at last week's Jerez test. "The people who speak badly about me then tremble and cry when they want to have their picture taken with me. There is a difference between how brave people feel writing on the internet, and when I see the admiration I receive all around the world. I also think it's easier to write that there are so many people who are anti-Alonso than to write that 30,000 people came to a test to see me."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
About a third of eighth-graders who took a national science exam in 2011 were proficient, according to results released Thursday, a statistic called "unacceptable" by a teachers association leader.
Average scores on the National Assessment of Educational Progress science test inched up two points from 150 in 2009 to 152 (out of 300) in 2011, the U.S. Department of Education's research arm reported, but experts are cautioning against calling it a victory.
"There is no cause for optimism," Gerry Wheeler, interim director of the National Science Teachers Association wrote in a statement, because "the results show miniscule gains in student achievement." They lamented that "the majority of our eighth-grade level students still fall below the proficiency level," calling the scores "simply unacceptable."
Besides, Wheeler notes, the increase was concentrated: Of the 47 states tested in both 2009 and 2011, only 16 had higher scores this time around. The number of students scoring at the basic and proficient levels increased, but not those at the advanced level.
U.S. Secretary of Education Arne Duncan offered a more positive interpretation. "Today's results offer encouraging signs that our nation's eighth-graders are improving in science education," Duncan said in a statement. "When the last assessment was done, there was no significant change in the percentage of students at the Advanced level. This tells me that we need to work harder and faster to build capacity in schools and in districts across the country."
The voluntary exam is considered a gold standard measurement of student achievement.
All 50 states and Washington, D.C., participated; 122,000 students took it, providing what its administrator, the National Center for Education Statistics, called a nationally representative sample. The National Assessment Governance Board, which sets NAEP policy, retooled the content in 2009, making a comparison of the 2009 and 2011 tests impossible. North Dakota, Montana and Vermont students performed the best, with Washington, D.C., California and Mississippi getting the lowest average scores.
"Students do have to read text in order to answer science questions," Cornelia Orr, who directs the board, said on a call with reporters. "Any improvement we might see in science means they might be able to read better."
Two test administrations hardly provide enough information for spotting trends. But the center for statistics said results show that racial achievement gaps in science are narrowing: White students' scores grew by one point, black students' scores grew by three points and Hispanic students' scores grew by five points.
"That's a substantively significant increase," said center commissioner Jack Buckley, referring to Hispanic students. "[They're] getting much closer to the 'basic' level."
The results come as a movement to make science (and related fields like technology, engineering and mathematics, commonly known as "STEM") more popular and important in schools grows.
"It's important to move the needle because every job that pays a living wage includes STEM literacy and science as a component," said Linda Rosen, who leads a group known as Change the Equation. They fell in love with math when they were in school, and their class was included in the country's first post-Sputnik math curriculum.
Despite the national attention, though, schools and their districts have cut funding for science programs, Wheeler notes. According to a 2008 report from the Center on Education Policy, average instructional time for science decreased by one-third (or 75 minutes per week) since the implementation of the No Child Left Behind act, the 2001 Bush law that required standardized testing in reading and math.
Standards for science vary from state to state, according to STEM advocates. A report from Rosen's group, called "All Over the Map," showed that whether students are deemed proficient "may have more to do with where you live than what you have learned." CTE argues that the mess of standards undercuts the point of testing, since it fails to provide a uniform, comparable metric of science knowledge across the country.
Partly in response to such concerns, a consortium of 26 states will release the first draft of common science standards this week. The group hopes to expand these standards throughout all states.
"Old science curriculum would ask students to name the parts of the cell," Rosen said. "New standards would ask, what do the different parts of the cell do? That's a game-changer."
Pushing STEM has also become a plank of the Obama administration's education platform. The latest round of the school-reform competition Race to the Top required states to emphasize related programming and recruiting. Such initiatives are poised to figure into the president's reelection campaign. "Improving our nation's human capital in STEM has been a priority for this administration," Buckley said.
In news we really don't know what to do with: Kanye West is meeting with President-Elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower this morning. What's this about? Is West going to be the one non-Ted Nugent musician to play the inauguration? Is the rapper angling for a cabinet position, perhaps to facilitate their future presidential run? Are we all being trolled? (That last one seems the most plausible, to be honest.)
Advertisement
When asked by a member of the press what the two discussed, Trump said: “Life.” Because there's no better time for a catch up with an old buddy than when you're picking who will run the government for the next four years. West refused to answer any questions, saying that they only wanted to pose for photographs.
Jason Miller, the communications director for the Trump transition team, commented on the rendezvous to The Daily Beast, spouting talk of “putting together coalitions” and Trump's desire to “reach out to people both from traditional and nontraditional political viewpoints.” Miller also noted that West has said some good things about Trump, and we all know how Trump likes flattery. West did indeed tell an audience in November that they didn't vote, but would have cast their ballot for Trump if they had. Shortly following those statements, West canceled the rest of their Saint Pablo tour and was subsequently hospitalized for exhaustion.
Advertisement
West's visit to Trump Tower comes just as news emerged that Trump selected Rick Perry—who once forgot the name of the Energy Department when listing agencies they wanted to get rid of—as secretary of energy.
Update: This afternoon West tweeted about their visit, saying that they went to talk about “multicultural issues.” They also appeared to indicate that he's now looking at a 2024 run for president, we guess because they assume we're getting eight years of Trump.
I wanted to meet with Trump today to discuss multicultural issues. — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) December 13, 2016 These issues included bullying, supporting teachers, modernizing curriculums, and violence in Chicago. — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) December 13, 2016 I feel it is important to have a direct line of communication with our future President if we truly want change. — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) December 13, 2016 #2024 — KANYE WEST (@kanyewest) December 13, 2016
This marks the first time West has posted to their Twitter account since October.
A friend of mine recently asked the following question: “What do you say to people who are vegans and who educate others about veganism but who are also concerned about circuses, hunting, and other particular forms of animal exploitation. Do you advise that they not address those issues at all and just focus on veganism?”
Of course not.
It is certainly the case that I do not advise that advocates spend their time and resources on single-issue campaigns. The reason is simple: single-issue campaigns invariably convey the impression that some forms of animal exploitation are morally distinguishable from others and are worse or should be singled out for special criticism. For example, a campaign against fur conveys the impression that there is some morally relevant difference between fur and other forms of animal clothing, such as leather or wool. A campaign against eating animal flesh conveys the impression that eating flesh is morally more objectionable than drinking milk or eating eggs. A campaign against conventional battery eggs suggests that “cage-free” eggs are morally desirable.
This problem is inherent with single-issue campaigns in a society in which animal exploitation is regarded as normal. If X, Y, and Z are all considered as normal practices in a society and are closely related, then a campaign against X, but not against Y and Z, suggests that there is some relevant difference between X on one hand and Y and Z on the other. For example, we live in a society in which it is considered as normal or “natural” to eat animal flesh and other animal products. A campaign that focuses on flesh conveys the impression that there is a moral difference between flesh and other animal products, which is not the case. The proof of this is found in the fact that many animal advocates are vegetarians but are not vegans. If they draw a distinction, then what can we expect from the general public?
This situation is to be distinguished from one in which X, Y, and Z are all regarded as objectionable activities or practices. For example, we all regard genocide as a bad thing whether it is happening in Darfur, Somalia, or Bosnia. If we have a campaign to stop genocide in Darfur, that does not mean that we think that genocide in other places is acceptable. We regard rape and pedophilia to be morally objectionable. A campaign against one does not imply any tacit approval of the other or any view that one is morally distinguishable from another.
This inherent problem with single-issue animal campaigns is exacerbated by the fact that animal groups that promote these campaigns often explicitly praise exploiters who may stop or modify some exploitative practice but who continue to engage in other, related practices. For example some animal advocates praise “cage-free” eggs as the “socially responsible” alternative to conventional battery eggs. Many large animal advocacy organizations sponsor or approve of “humane” labels that are placed on animal products. A prominent animal ethicist claims that being a “conscientious omnivore” is “a defensible ethical position.” This conveys a very clear and explicit moral message: some forms of animal exploitation are morally acceptable.
Moreover, single-issue campaigns not only create the misimpression that some forms of exploitation are qualitatively different in a moral sense from others, but often result in false “victories.” For example, the single-issue campaign in California against foie gras (1, 2) resulted in a law that was actually supported by the one foie gras producer in California because it immunized them against any legal action until 2012 and will probably be repealed before it ever comes into force if foie gras production can be made to be more “humane.”
So I am not a fan of putting time and money into single-issue campaigns. I maintain that our time, effort, and other resources are better placed in promoting veganism. As long as 99%+ of the planet regards the eating of animal foods and consumption or use of animal products to be acceptable, we will never make the paradigm shift that we need to make if we are going to dislodge the notion that humans have a moral right to exploit nonhumans. We need to build a nonviolent movement for abolition that has veganism as its moral baseline.
But that does not mean that we should not oppose particular types of exploitation. For example, last weekend, a horse, Eight Belles, who ran in the Kentucky Derby was killed immediately after the race and on the track when their ankles gave out as a result of them running for a duration and at a speed for which they were not suited. I was interviewed on a radio show and asked about my views on the matter of Eight Belles. I explained that I opposed all horse racing but as part of my general view that humans have no moral justification for using nonhumans at all, including for food. The host of the program picked up on that and talked about how they very much loves and cares for their dog but had a barbecue that past weekend at which they consumed other animals. So in a matter of a few minutes, the connection between horse racing and other forms of exploitation, particularly eating animal products, was made.
When we do discuss and criticize particular forms of exploitation, it is important to make clear that we regard the particular practice as morally unjustifiable and not that we think that the practice or activity can be made to be better if only we regulate it so that it is more “humane.” And it is crucial to make clear that our opposition to the practice or activity is part of our overall opposition to all animal use. We should not shrink away from making clear that we seek the abolition of all animal exploitation.
So when you are confronted by a particular practice or activity and want to or are asked to comment, you should do so if you are inclined. Just be clear that the solution to the problem is not to make the activity or practice more “humane,” but to recognize that the practice is transparently frivolous, as are most of our uses of nonhumans, and should be abolished–as should all animal exploitation.
Here are two examples:
Q: I was reading about foie gras. The way they make it is terrible, isn't it?
A: It surely is. But it's not really different from everything else we eat. The steak you had tonight, or the glass of milk you drank this morning, involved a production process every bit as horrible as that involved in foie gras. And we have no right to kill nonhuman animals just because we think they taste good irrespective of how well we treat them.
Q: The circus is coming to town. What do you, an animal advocate, think about the use of animals in circuses?
A: I think it's terrible. We impose suffering and death on animals for sheer amusement and that is really inconsistent with what we claim to believe when we express our agreement with the idea that it's wrong to inflict “unnecessary” suffering on animals. But then, using animals in circuses is really no different from eating animals, which is also something that involves our pleasure or amusement and is just as inconsistent with what we say we believe. There is no way to make sense out of the fact that we treat some nonhuman animals as members of our families and we stick forks into others or torture them for our enjoyment in circuses, zoos, or rodeos.
Whether you should spend your time and energy on legislation concerning circuses is another matter. As I have said, at this point in time, the cultural context is such that it makes far more sense to spend our time focused on the use of animals for food, which is the primary practice that, in effect, legitimizes other forms of exploitation. But if you do decide to campaign against circuses, your campaign should, at the very least, oppose the use of all animals in circuses and have no exceptions, and make clear that circuses are no better or worse than other forms of animal use, all of which should be abolished if we are to take animals seriously.
Gary L. Francione
© 2008 Gary L. Francione
This Friday, November 2, Revok will be exhibiting Ordinary Things at Library Street Collective in Detroit. Revok has become somewhat of an ambassador to the arts revival in Detroit, spending time in the city and helping unite both local and national artists who have descended upon the city. And because of this, Each work consists of material cultivated and cultured in the city of Detroit.From LSC:
Never in the history of art has a new genre become so adventurous, honest and powerful in such a short time. The artist REVOK sits at the forefront of this movement. Their dedication, skill and determination have garnered them the respect and adoration of their peers. Their meticulous attention to detail and willingness to step outside of the lines and their comfort zone not only make them a rebel, but a leader, a pathfinder and a trailblazer in the graffiti art world. Now as a fine artist, REVOK does this with grace and craftsmanship. Rearranging the memories, messages, words, warnings, colors and textures into coherent patterns with an honest and meaningful message.
These most recent works by REVOK are of particular importance for the city we call home, the city adopted by this artist. Each work consists of material cultivated and cultured in the city of Detroit. Each piece masterfully placed among its neighbors to tell a story of growth, inspiration and triumph. Each piece displaced from an urban tomb and certain death, given new life in a work of art that reminds us, exactly how beautiful this city is. It signifies a rebirth of rebirth, a preservation of decay, encapsulating time and propelling it into a new age.
Revok
Ordinary Things
November 2, 2012—January 26, 2013
Library Street Collective
Detroit, Michigan
How to async in JavaScript
I'd like to share with you a few different ways of writing asynchronous code in JavaScript. Whether you're writing for the browser or building complex Node.js apps you might find some useful tips how to improve the quality and readability of your code either by using popular techniques or some more experimental solutions.
What do we want to achieve
I'm a big fan of talking about code using live examples and not just theory, so this article will be based on a few snippets of code. They'll all have essentially the same job, which I'll describe later on, but will use different approaches to writing asynchronous JavaScript code to achieve the desired effect.
It'll be some simple code to get data from an external API, for which I'll use a fun little project getting quotes from Ron Swanson. Then it'll print a message after 2 seconds since receiving the data. Subsequently another message will be printed indicating that the previous one was displayed.
All of the implementations will share two functions:
Shared functions const fetch = require('node-fetch'); function getQuote(cb) { return new Promise((resolve, reject) => { fetch('http://ron-swanson-quotes.herokuapp.com/v2/quotes') .then(response => response.json()) .then(quote => { if (_.isFunction(cb)) { cb(quote) } resolve(quote) }) .catch(reject); }); } function printMessage(msg, cb) { return new Promise(resolve => { setTimeout(() => { console.log(msg); resolve(); if (cb) { cb(); } }, 2000); }); } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 const fetch = require ( 'node-fetch' ) ; function getQuote ( cb ) { return new Promise ( ( resolve , reject ) = > { fetch ( 'http://ron-swanson-quotes.herokuapp.com/v2/quotes' ) . then ( response = > response . json ( ) ) . then ( quote = > { if ( _ . isFunction ( cb ) ) { cb ( quote ) } resolve ( quote ) } ) . catch ( reject ) ; } ) ; } function printMessage ( msg , cb ) { return new Promise ( resolve = > { setTimeout ( ( ) = > { console . log ( msg ) ; resolve ( ) ; if ( cb ) { cb ( ) ; } } , 2000 ) ; } ) ; }
You'll notice that they both have two types of interface: promises or callbacks to allow interaction using those two different methods. It's similar to how most libraries that switched to using promise-based approach handle backwards compatibility for callbacks.
Yesterday: callbacks
Since you're reading this article you're probably trying to avoid this approach as much as possible. The most difficult part of using callbacks is the inevitability of descending into what is commonly called a ‘callback hell'. I'm sure most of you are pretty familiar with the concept, but for those who aren't just a simple example to illustrate:
Callbacks fs.readFile(fileName, function(contents) { if (condition) { fs.writeFile(fileName, function (data) { fs.readFile(fileName, function(contens) { //...etc. }) }) } }) function main() { console.log('Gonna get a quote'); getQuote(quote => { console.log(quote); printMessage('test msg', () => { console.log('A message was printed') }) }) } main(); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 fs . readFile ( fileName , function ( contents ) { if ( condition ) { fs . writeFile ( fileName , function ( data ) { fs . readFile ( fileName , function ( contens ) { //...etc. } ) } ) } } ) function main ( ) { console . log ( 'Gonna get a quote' ) ; getQuote ( quote = > { console . log ( quote ) ; printMessage ( 'test msg' , ( ) = > { console . log ( 'A message was printed' ) } ) } ) } main ( ) ;
Today: Promises
In the last example you already started seeing callback nesting, and we know what that leads to. So, to remedy that we started using Promises. In most cases they give you much cleaner code which is not only more descriptive but also a lot easier to read.
The most important thing is that they allow you to write your asynchronous code as ‘flat' as possible, so you instantly know what comes after each other, and in what sequence the code is being executed.
Right now most modern browsers (with the exception of IE and Opera Mini) and Node.js implement native Promises, and for those who don't, you can still use one of several other implementations like Bluebird or Q.
But let's get down to business, here's the same example as before but using Promises:
Promises function main() { console.log('Gonna get a quote'); getQuote() .then(console.log) .then(() => { return printMessage('test msg'); }) .then(() => { console.log('A message was printed'); }) .catch(console.error); } main(); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 function main ( ) { console . log ( 'Gonna get a quote' ) ; getQuote ( ) . then ( console . log ) . then ( ( ) = > { return printMessage ( 'test msg' ) ; } ) . then ( ( ) = > { console . log ( 'A message was printed' ) ; } ) . catch ( console . error ) ; } main ( ) ;
Tomorrow: Async functions
This approach is based on a proposal that was initially submitted to be included in ES7 (2016). As you may know, eventually only two features were accepted as a part of that release (exponential operator and Array.prototype.includes() ), which was based on a decision to have smaller changes with a shorter release cycle. You can read more about that, and in general about how new features are being integrated into JavaScript, here: http://www.2ality.com/2015/11/tc39-process.html.
Async and await are basically two new keywords that allow to write asynchronous code that looks like it's synchronous. Let's use an example:
Async functions async function main() { try { console.log('Gonna get a quote'); const quote = await getQuote(); console.log(quote); await printMessage('test msg'); console.log('a message was printed after 2s'); } catch(error) { console.error(error); } } main(); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 async function main ( ) { try { console . log ( 'Gonna get a quote' ) ; const quote = await getQuote ( ) ; console . log ( quote ) ; await printMessage ( 'test msg' ) ; console . log ( 'a message was printed after 2s' ) ; } catch ( error ) { console . error ( error ) ; } } main ( ) ;
As you can see the code is written in a manner that we're used to when writing sync functions. Although, there are two main differences. You probably noticed the function is preceded with async which informs the interpreter that inside there's asynchronous code. Then we can use await , and what it does is it makes the browser/Node app/etc wait for the completion of the async code specified in that expression – in our case: promises responsible for API communication and printing a message.
To make it even simpler, what it does in human words:
print ‘Gonna get a quote' wait for the quote and when you get it assign it to quote print the quote wait for the ‘test msg' message to be printed ‘a message was printed …'
Since this feature is still just a proposal, we need to use a transpiler, like Babel or Traceur which will convert the code to ES5 so it can be used.
Check other articles in our blog
In the meantime: Co
co is a very clever and simple library that uses generator functions to achieve a similar effect as async functions that were mentioned before.
For those not familiar with generators there are some simple examples on MDN that should tell you most of what you need to know: https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Generator.
First, let's look at some code:
co function *main() { console.log('Gonna get a quote'); const a = yield getQuote(); console.log(a); yield printMessage('test msg'); console.log('A message was printed after 2s'); } co(main) .catch(console.error); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 function * main ( ) { console . log ( 'Gonna get a quote' ) ; const a = yield getQuote ( ) ; console . log ( a ) ; yield printMessage ( 'test msg' ) ; console . log ( 'A message was printed after 2s' ) ; } co ( main ) . catch ( console . error ) ;
co wraps a generator function and automatically performs two things:
it executes next() until there's something left to do in the generator function
it waits on yield for the async objects to resolve
co has a concept of ‘yieldables' which are async objects that can be used with yield and for which it'll wait before continuing code execution. Those are (according to https://github.com/tj/co#yieldables):
promises
thunks (functions)
array (parallel execution)
objects (parallel execution)
generators (delegation)
generator functions (delegation)
Two are especially worth mentioning here: objects and arrays . They provide an extremely easy way to achieve the parallel execution of async code, similar to what Promise.all allows you to do. Let's say we want to get the quote and print the message as fast as possible and we don't care which comes first:
parallel execution using co function *main() { console.log('Gonna get a quote'); const results = yield [ getQuote(), printMessage('test msg') ] console.log(results[0]); } co(main) .catch(console.error); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 function * main ( ) { console . log ( 'Gonna get a quote' ) ; const results = yield [ getQuote ( ) , printMessage ( 'test msg' ) ] console . log ( results [ 0 ] ) ; } co ( main ) . catch ( console . error ) ;
With Promise.all the same thing would look like this:
parallel execution using Promise.all function main() { Promise .all([ getQuote(), printMessage('test msg') ]) .then(results => { console.log(results[0]); }) .catch(console.error); } main(); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 function main ( ) { Promise . all ( [ getQuote ( ) , printMessage ( 'test msg' ) ] ) . then ( results = > { console . log ( results [ 0 ] ) ; } ) . catch ( console . error ) ; } main ( ) ;
Conclusions
As always in JavaScript there are many ways for you to achieve the same result. Most of them are actually based on Promises and although we might need to wait some time until we can stop using polyfills, it definitely is the way to move forward.
If you prefer to be on the bleeding edge of things, then you can use transpilers and already jump on the async/await train before native async functions are implemented. Be wary though, it's still a stage 3 candidate, so it _may_ change.
If you want the safe options, which will give you some advantages of the former and make your code easy to read without the need of using experimental stuff, then co is a nice solution. The biggest advantage is that you can use it straight away and you don't need to change your preexisting code too much. Since most of you probably use Promises, it might just be a way of orchestrating them in a clear way. And once the day comes and async functions are implemented – you can easily migrate because in most cases it will be just replacing yield with await and switching wrapped generators to async functions.
In any case, use what makes the most sense for you and your project, and consider the implications of using a particular solution. Next time I'll try to write some more about the performance of all those solutions and how much overhead in your code you get from using them.
Further reading
NAACP Cincinnati chapter President Ishton Morton is running for re-election. (Photo11: The Cincinnati Enquirer)
CINCINNATI — Voter suppression is being alleged in Saturday's scheduled Cincinnati NAACP election, and a local lawyer is threatening to sue the civil-rights organization unless changes are made.
Lawyer Tim Mara, acting on behalf of Cincinnati NAACP member Elizabeth Sanford, is demanding that:
• All members be treated equally when going to vote. At the moment, the plan is to ask some members to verify when they signed up.
• The election be delayed until proper notice can be given. The organization's bylaws call for all members to be notified of an election 10 days in advance.
• Voting last 12 hours and be held at the chapter's Reading Road office.
Union organizer Rob Richardson is running for president of the Cincinnati chapter of the NAACP. (Photo11: The Cincinnati Enquirer)
"Such voter suppression is in stark contrast to the image the NAACP has established for itself as being the 'gold standard' of election processes and could potentially be a great source of embarrassment for the NAACP in its effort to counter voter suppression in local, state and federal election," Mara wrote in a letter to Roslyn M. Brock, chairperson of the NAACP's national board of directors.
Things are such a mess at the local chapter that the national office of the NAACP has put the Rev. Gill Ford, the organization's national director of unit administration, in charge of it. They did not return two calls for comment.
The chapter only recently incorporated as a nonprofit, according to the Ohio Secretary of State's website, meaning it had no tax exempt status.
In the running this year:
• Ishton Morton, the current president, with Edith Thrower, Councilman Charlie Winburn's aide as their first vice president. Among Morton's supporters are Mayor John Cranley, Hamilton County Republican Party Chairman Alex Triantafilou and Cincinnati Councilman Christopher Smitherman.
• Union organizer Rob Richardson, with Joe Mallory, the youngest son of Williams Mallory Sr., as their first vice president. Among Richardson's supporters: supporters hoping the chapter will endorse the streetcar, union supporters looking for NAACP support in a lawsuit over whether unions should get preference when bidding for city contracts, and the Mallorys.
The terms will last two years.
Supporters of both candidates are accusing the other side of manipulating the process to gain an advantage. Richardson supporters believe Morton allowed their supporters to join after the deadline. Morton supporters believe only Richardson supporters will be allowed to vote.
The stakes are high. The winner of the election will preside over the national convention here in 2016 and have a voice in local issues like where the Hamilton County Board of Elections is located, who can bid on government contracts and even the streetcar.
Morton did not return a call for comment. Richardson declined to comment.
"There was has been no inclusion unless you are on their (Morton's) team," Mallory said.
They said they and Richardson are running because "there are a lot of ideals this organization was built on that have not been reflected in the group. The core values; the mission being civil rights, anti-discrimination, social justice, fighting against injustice, fighting for equality, voter education, engagement and empowerment. Here in Cincinnati they have been pretty much MIA.
Smitherman, the immediate past Cincinnati NAACP president, accused the Richardsons of trying to steal the election.
"Gill Ford is a political provocateur for the Richardsons; they are not nonpartisan," Smitherman said. "He is doing everything they can to undermine our president. "This is clearly voter suppression."
The election is scheduled for Saturday at Greater New Hope Baptist in Avondale from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1AcWOkX
A classic photo of a poor mother and children in Elm Grove, California, during the Great Depression. (Photo credit: Library of Congress)
Unrestrained free markets destroy the middle class, push working people down the economic ladder and concentrate wealth at the top. But promoters of this hyper-capitalism, who dominate the U.S. media debate, simply blame the poor for poverty, as Lawrence Davidson explains.
Most of the poverty in the United States is artificially manufactured. It is poverty created in the pursuit of “free market ideals,” expressed in recent times by the imposition of neoliberal economic policies – the sort of policies that cut taxes on the wealthy, do away with fiscal and other business regulations, shred the social safety net, and erode middle-class stability – all while singing the praises of self-reliance and individual responsibility.
As a result we have done very well in making the rich richer and the poor both poorer and more numerous.
How many poor people are there in the United States?According to Current Population Survey (CPS), which puts out the government's official figures, as of 2012 about 15 percent of the population, or some 46.5 million people, were living in poverty. The rate for children under 18 comes in higher, at about 21.8 percent.
The U.S. government measures poverty in monetary terms. In 2012 poverty was defined as yearly total income of $23,050 or less for a family of four. The figure is adjusted for individuals or other size families. Then there is the depressing fact that “most Americans (58.5 percent) will spend at least one year below the poverty line at some point between the ages of 25 and 75.”
There happens to be more than one level to this economic version of hell, and so we should take note of the category of “deep poverty.” Deep poverty is defined as having an income that is 50 percent of the official poverty level. This part of the population is growing.
In my area, which takes in southeast Pennsylvania and southern New Jersey, the percentage in deep poverty runs from 5 to 19 percent, depending on the county. These are people who, according to social service and charity workers, “have given up hope” and “given up on finding jobs.”
Consider what all this really means. Our economic system is condemning at least 48.5 million people to high rates of un- or underemployment, poor performance in school and at work (when it is available), poor nutrition and eating habits, high instances of drug abuse, high crime rates, homelessness, high rates of preventable diseases, shorter life-spans, and all the other vicissitudes typically associated with a life of poverty.
Yet neoliberals and their allies would say none of this is society's fault or responsibility, rather it is the fault of the individual who, living in a “free” economic environment, makes their or their own choices and then must live with the consequences.
Well, that is one particularly inhumane way of looking at the situation. However, we have proof from relatively recent U.S. history that poverty can be ameliorated through government action without seriously disrupting “market choice.”
Back in the mid-1960s millions of citizens marched on Washington for “jobs and freedom,” and President Lyndon Johnson responded with their War on Poverty programs. Those programs reduced poverty significantly and did so without transforming the U.S. into a socialist republic. Unfortunately, this momentum was not to last.
Two things brought it to a crashing halt: a murderous war in Vietnam and the tragically wrongheaded neoliberal economic policies mentioned above. We are still stuck in this rut. We are still at war (though now it is in the Middle East) and our economic policies continue to be self-destructive.
Cognitive Dysfunction
The neoliberal outlook is demonstrably wrong in a significant way. The notion that the poor can make “free and rational choices” and thus can be held responsible for their situation is incorrect. There is accumulating evidence that poverty literally “messes with your mind” in a way that obstructs responsible choices.
In fact, the “free market” contributes to an environment that makes the poor decidedly unfree: confused, preoccupied, and feeling overwhelmed and hopeless. In other words, being poor makes you cognitively dysfunctional.
The latest research to show this was published in August 2013 in the journal Science and is titled “Poverty Impedes Cognitive Function.” The gist of the argument is, “Poverty captures attention, triggers intrusive thoughts, and reduces cognitive resources.” In other words, the more preoccupied one is with troubles, the less able one is to muster the “cognitive resources” necessary to rationally “guide choice and action.”
Most people find themselves overwhelmed with problems now and then, but not constantly. What living in poverty does is to hit a person with a toxic cocktail of overwhelming problems day in and day out: financial problems, health problems, parenting issues, victimization by criminals and others, and the problem of just finding and keeping a job.
The authors also point out that the IQ difference between those living in poverty and those living above the poverty line can be as high as 13 points. This difference is not a function of genetics or race. It is created by the environment of poverty itself.
This study is political dynamite. It lends support to the assertion that as long as neoliberal economics claims our allegiance, we will continue to condemn tens of millions of our citizens to a life not only of want, but also of high anxiety and poor cognitive ability. This puts the lie to the popular myth that the poor are disadvantaged because most of them are congenitally lazy.
It likewise challenges the conclusions of such works as Richard Herrnstein and Charles Murray's The Bell Curve, which attributed at least part of the statistical difference in intellectual performance between American blacks and white to genetics. In truth, whatever statistical difference there is does not reflect inherent intellectual ability so much as high levels of long-term stress, which reduces a person's ability to develop and apply their cognitive strengths.
It is quite interesting how the authors of the Science article conclude their piece. As it turns out, they have chosen to sidestep the real implications of their own data. Thus, they tell us “this perspective has important policy implications. First, policy-makers should beware of imposing cognitive taxes on the poor.”
What does that mean? It means that policy-makers should try to reduce the number of forms the poor have to fill out, the number of “lengthy interviews” they have to experience, the number of “new rules” they have to “decipher,” all of which “consume cognitive resources” that we now know the poor have less of than those who are better off.
Also, policy-makers should time their demands on the poor for specific periods when they are best able to handle them, such as when they receive whatever periodic income that they do get and momentarily feel less monetary stress. These conclusions constitute a rather shocking anticlimactic letdown!
The authors have helped us see the enormous damage poverty does. In response society has a moral obligation to deal with more than forms and lengthy interviews. History tells us that we can do, and indeed have done, much better.
Short of radical changes in our economic thinking, what the poor in the U.S. need is another “War on Poverty.” Indeed, the obligation is not just a moral one. There is a collective economic self-interest to minimize poverty for to do so will decrease income inequality, increase overall health, promote social stability and lessen crime. It will also promote consumption, which should make the capitalists among us happy.
Do our politicians understand any of this? Seems not. Just this week the House of Representatives voted to cut the Food Stamp program by some $40 billion. That is neoliberal economics in action and proof positive that ideology and prejudice are stronger than scientific research when it comes to policy formulation.
Is there a way to reverse this stupidity? Yes, but it will take mass action. It is time to consider replaying the 1960s and force the politicians to act responsibly despite themselves.
Lawrence Davidson is a history professor at West Chester University in Pennsylvania.  They are the author ofForeign Policy Inc.: Privatizing America's National Interest; America's Palestine: Popular and Official Perceptions from Balfour to Israeli Statehood; and Islamic Fundamentalism.
After spending most of the season on Paris Saint-Germain's bench, Yohan Cabaye needs a move to secure their place in France's squad.
The 2014-15 season is now over for Paris Saint-Germain's Yohan Cabaye, after France's friendly defeats to both Belgium and Albania. This month's international break has been a failure for the 29-year-old, and their need to leave the French champions before the start of next campaign is greater than ever.
Of the two games les Bleus played in their end-of-term doubleheader, Cabaye featured for just 45 minutes -- the first half of the 4-3 loss to the Belgians at the Stade de France on June 7. The former Newcastle United and Lille man was woeful in that display and now finds themselves clinging to their place in Didier Deschamps' squad by the skin of their teeth.
The 46-year-old Deschamps even suggested before the 1-0 defeat to hosts Albania in Elbasan on Saturday that the PSG man must leave the French capital in order to remain in their plans ahead of the 2016 UEFA European Championship. The moment has now arrived for Cabaye to make their move.
Despite a dreadful showing in the 45 minutes they played against Belgium, in which they were lucky not to be sent off for a reckless foul on Eden Hazard, Cabaye still has high standing in the Premier League because of their performances with Newcastle.
The fifth choice in PSG coach Laurent Blanc's pecking order after Adrien Rabiot came in from the cold back in October, Cabaye more often than not started as a substitute in the recently finished season. The midfielder cannot afford another campaign like that and must now actively seek a move away, with les Parisiens likely to be open to the idea of cashing in as they attempt to navigate their way around UEFA's financial fair play restrictions this summer.
Cabaye's failure in Paris has not been entirely their fault. It is questionable whether PSG really needed to acquire them back in January 2014 as cover for the injured Rabiot, but even so, the French international has struggled with several injury problems since arriving at the Parc des Princes.
Blanc, a fan of Cabaye after the two worked together when le President was les Bleus' coach between 2010 and 2012, has done everything within reason to help the midfielder. But Cabaye simply has not taken the chances they have been handed when fit, making it difficult for Blanc to consider them a genuine alternative to Thiago Motta in what has become an established midfield order.
A return to the Premier League now seems the most likely resolution to Cabaye's problem. If PSG get an acceptable offer, the club must take it and the player has to seize it as well.
Reuniting with Alan Pardew at Crystal Palace has emerged as an option, while Aston Villa and former club Newcastle are also thought to be possible destinations. Any of those clubs -- as well as a number of others in England -- would be good landing places for Cabaye and a move should enable them to reinvigorate their stagnating career.
But even breathing new life into Cabaye's career in England next season would not necessarily mean an automatic return to Deschamps' squad. Southampton's Morgan Schneiderlin will almost certainly rejoin the France group for the friendlies against Portugal and Serbia in September, and, had Schneiderlin been fit enough to feature against Belgium and Albania, Cabaye might already have found themselves left out of the squad.
Scheiderlin's return to fitness could see the PSG man drop out for at least those next two games. Along with Schneiderlin, Cabaye faces competitions from the likes of Olympique Lyonnais captain Maxime Gonalons, AS Monaco's Geoffrey Kondogbia, Atletico Madrid's Josuha Guilavogui and former Lille teammate Rio Mavuba for a place in the squad.
All of those, with the exception of Mavuba -- who is at least playing regularly for les Dogues -- could be picked ahead of them in Deschamps' next squad. The captain of the 1998 FIFA World Cup and 2000 European Championship winners also has the likes of Lyon's midfield creator Clement Grenier to consider next time, so Cabaye should be preparing themselves for the potential shock of being dropped.
A strong start to life with a new club next season could help Cabaye to avoid that disappointment, though. Whatever happens next, it is clear that a move away from PSG cannot come quickly enough for the Frenchman.
Editor's Note: Reason columnist and Mercatus Center economist Veronique de Rugy appears weekly on Bloomberg TV to separate economic fact from economic myth.
Myth 1: If a deal is not reached by August 2, the U.S. will default on its debt.
Fact 1: The Treasury Department can prioritize payments in order to avoid a default.
The Treasury Department is due to pay off $30 billion in maturing short-term debt. But we also know that the Treasury has the ability to prioritize its payments and pay that particular $30 billion out of the $172 billion it collects in tax revenue. As the Bipartisan Policy Center has calculated, after paying $30 billion in interest payments in August, Treasury could, if it ceased all other functions (see page 13 of this document), also pay for Social Security, Medicare, unemployment benefits, and payments to defense contractors. Technically speaking, there is no need to default in the absence of a debt ceiling agreement.
This is not an ideal solution and it entails some significant risks (mainly timing difficulties), but it could be done if necessary.
In addition, the Treasury could sell some of its assets in order to pay the bills. That's an expensive option at this point, since it would probably mean selling them at a low price, but these are not normal times and a fire sale beats a default.
Myth 2: If the debt ceiling isn't raised the government won't be able to pay Social Security benefits.
Fact 2: There are approximately $2.6 trillion dollars in the Social Security Trust Fund. Those assets can be used to pay benefits. Furthermore, there is already trillions of dollars of interagency debt that counts toward the $14.29 trillion debt limits. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner could convert that interagency debt into publicly-held debt, preventing not only a technical default but also preventing any delay in government payments.
President Barack Obama has suggested that if the Treasury prioritized payments in order to prevent default on the debt, it might do so on the backs of seniors by not sending out their Social Security checks. This is a particularly troubling rhetorical move by the White House. As the president and their advisers know, there are ways for the government to pay these benefits—messy ways, yes, but still viable—in the absence of a debt-ceiling agreement. That's what the president should be saying rather than trying to scare seniors.
According to a Bipartisan Policy Center report, incoming revenue on August 3 will amount to $12 billion. At the same time, the government is scheduled to spend some $32 billion—most of it in the form of Social Security checks. How do we make up the difference?
First, remember how Social Security works. Starting now, the difference between payroll-tax revenue and Social Security benefits is made up by redeeming the IOUs in the Social Security Trust Fund. In order to pay back this IOU, Treasury has to borrow the money, which increases the debt held by the public by the same amount. In other words, if Treasury were to redeem the needed Social Security bonds and issue new marketable Treasury bonds to make good on them, it would be a one-for-one swap.
There is a potential glitch, however, having to do with whether Treasury has the authority to use payroll tax money to pay benefits rather than to “invest.” According to Washington Post “Fact Checker” Glenn Kessler, the Treasury has done it before:
There is a technical wrinkle involving the fact that payroll taxes that are collected are supposed to be immediately turned into Treasury securities, but there could be ways around that, such as putting the monies in a noninterest bearing account, as during the 1985 debt crisis. “Although some of the Secretary's actions appear in retrospect to have been in violation of the requirements of the Social Security Act, we cannot say that the Secretary acted unreasonably given the extraordinary situation in which they were operating,” the General Accounting Office later concluded....
Still, during the 1996 debt limit crisis, Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin announced that Treasury did not have sufficient funds to pay Social Security benefits. Congress rushed to pass a special law that said the Social Security benefits did not count against the debt limit. Was this designed to pressure the Republican-led Congress, or had even a shrewd operator like Rubin run out of options? However, Congress later that year passed a law, 121-104, that codified Treasury's authority to use Social Security trust funds to pay benefits and administration expenses in the event a debt ceiling is reached, which could give the administration the authority they need in the current crisis.
In mid-June, a single-turbine helicopter took off from a test field in Mesa, Arizona, avoided obstacles during flight, scoped out a landing site and landed safely. It's the kind of flight choppers have made tens of thousands of times before. Except this time, the helicopter did it entirely on its own – with no humans involved. It was the first fully autonomous flight of a full-sized chopper, ever.
The trial, overseen by Army-funded research team from Carnegie Mellon and the Piasecki Aircraft Corporation, has sent robo-choppers into the sky before (see the video, after the jump). And this Boeing-modified MD530F helicopter, known as the Unmanned Little Bird has been making flights since 2004. But this was its first test without a pre-programmed flight path.
Unmanned smart choppers could help the military better handle dangerous territory and low-visibility conditions to evacuate wounded soldiers or bring supplies to the front lines. In areas with bad or nonexistent roads (like Afghanistan), helicopters are sometimes the only mode of transport. Finding a place to safely land in a dust storm, on rugged terrain, or with bullets flying at you presents a major challenge for pilots. Artificially intelligent helicopters could help pilots stake out good landing spots, or perhaps even allow them to stay safely behind at base.
www.youtube.com/watch?v=Skdh4Nwm6r4
While on-the-fly autonomous navigation is a first for a full-sized helicopter, the technology developed by Sanjiv Singh and their team from Carnegie Mellon is not so different from what they used to outfit a Chevy Tahoe to win Darpa's 2007 Urban Challenge. "It's not as if we started from scratch," says Singh. "A lot of the technology was there already."
To make the helicopter self-flying, the team installed a scanning LIDAR that uses lasers to collect range information from its surroundings. The laser data is processed by a computer that relays commands to the helicopter controllers.
The data also creates a 3-D map that enables the helicopter to "see" the ground or obstacles in the air – and then adjust its trajectory accordingly. The algorithms helped the helicopter miss a tall tower during one of the tests. In another trial, the team deceptively instructed the helicopter to land on top of a car, but the chopper was not fooled, resolving instead to land on flat ground nearby.
With its ability to avoid obstacles while it's in flight, the system has more in common with autonomous SUVs that maneuver through rough terrain than high-flying remote-controlled flying drones like the Global Hawk. Like many military umanned aerial vehicles, the Global Hawk is fixed-wing, and avoids obstacles by simply flying where there aren't any - at 65,000 feet.
"There aren't a lot of autonomous helicopters," Singh observes. The army recently scrapped its order of Northrop Grumman's remote-controlled MQ-8 Fire Scout in favor of the fixed-wing RQ-7 Shadow.
With the cancellation of Future Combat Systems – the military's plan to roboticize the military by 2020 – it's tough to say what the future of autonomous helos looks like. But a defining moment in robo-choppers appears to have been reached last month in Mesa.
Photo: Sanjiv Singh
See Also:
UK Crown Estate Reveals New Wave & Tidal Energy Expansion
July 10th, 2014 by Joshua S Hill
The six new demonstration zones will for the first time allow locally-based organisations to manage and sub-let parts of the seabed to a variety of wave and tidal stream developers, while the five active sites will have the potential to deliver between 10 and 30 MW per project.
“By providing these additional seabed rights we are pleased to be enabling further technology development and commercialisation, which will be critical if the UK is to unlock its significant natural resources for wave and tidal current energy,” said Rob Hastings, Director of Energy and Infrastructure. “This innovative approach to leasing the seabed sees us responding to market demand and introducing managed demonstration zones to give other organisations the opportunity to lend tangible support in their local areas.”
The 11 locations are spread across the whole of the UK, with three sites located off the coast of England, four off the coast of Scotland, one in Northern Ireland, and another three off the coast of Wales. Each of the locations is specifically chosen for their suitability for test and demonstration activities, and with this current round complete, the Crown Estate will direct their attention to future sites.
Greg Barker, Minister for Energy and Climate Change said:
Today's announcement is a great step for the development of wave and tidal stream industries. Wave and tidal stream are growing green, clean energy sources which have the potential to sustain thousands of jobs in a sector worth, from exports alone, a possible £4 billion per annum by 2050. The UK is already a world leader in wave and tidal stream energy. The Coalition Government has huge ambitions for this sector. Today's news will help the UK ensure these sectors reach their full potential in our country's future energy mix.
Renewable UK, the trade association which represents the wind and marine energy industries, also commented on the news. RenewableUK Wave and Tidal Development Manager Dee Nunn said:
This announcement by The Crown Estate is being hailed within the sector as another major step forward. It marks the beginning of a significant expansion of the UK's capacity to harness our excellent wave and tidal energy resources, with the seabed rights agreed for 6 new demonstration zones and 5 project sites. The range of sites shows that many parts of the UK will benefit from this growth of wave and tidal power, from Cornwall to Orkney. In the longer term, these technologies have the potential to supply as much as 20% of the UK's electricity needs, in a market which could be worth up to £800 million to this country by 2035.
The United Nations has called for an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Gaza as fighting between Hamas and Israel subsided overnight following a series of ceasefire announcements by both sides, each of which was rejected by the other amid mutual blame and recrimination.
The UN security council issued a presidential statement just after midnight in New York, as the Muslim holiday of Eid al-Fitr, which marks the end of the holy month of Ramadan, was beginning. The move will increase pressure on Israel and Hamas to agree a long-term truce to end the conflict, now in its 21st day.
The statement called on the parties to the conflict "to accept and fully implement the humanitarian ceasefire into the Eid period and beyond” and "to engage in efforts to achieve a durable and fully respected ceasefire, based on the Egyptian initiative”.
It noted "grave concern regarding the deterioration in the situation as a result of the crisis related to Gaza and the loss of civilian lives and casualties” and called for Israel and Hamas to respect international law.
US president Barack Obama, in a phone call on Sunday to Israel's prime minister, Binyamin Netanyahu, stated their concern at the rising number of civilian deaths and urged an immediate, unconditional ceasefire.
Saying the US backed a ceasefire plan tabled two weeks ago by Egypt, Obama stressed the importance of "ensuring Israel's security, protecting civilians, alleviating Gaza's humanitarian crisis and enacting a sustainable ceasefire that both allows Palestinians in Gaza to lead normal lives and addresses Gaza's long-term development and economic needs, while strengthening the Palestinian Authority".
But amid a confusing sequence of unilateral temporary ceasefires, there was little sign of a longer-term deal to end the military confrontation, which has claimed about 1,100 lives, the vast majority of them Palestinian civilians. The US secretary of state, John Kerry, returned to Washington at the weekend after their efforts to forge a ceasefire agreement between the two sides failed.
On Monday, Haaretz reported that the Israel Defence Forces had ceased striking targets within the Gaza Strip. It quoted a senior officer as saying "the situation now is being called a ceasefire with no restrictions. The central effort is the tunnels. We need a few more days [to take care of the tunnels]n… But we are also considering other possibilities, in the operative sense as well – in case we are called to keep fighting and progressing."
In the hours following a Hamas call for a 24-hour humanitarian ceasefire from 2pm on Sunday to mark the start of Eid, rockets were launched from Gaza and Israel carried out air strikes. Even so, in Gaza City people ventured out to stock up on food and essentials for the three-day holiday.
"In response to UN intervention and considering the situation of our people and the occasion of Eid, it has been agreed among resistance factions to endorse a 24-hour humanitarian calm, starting from 2pm on Sunday," Sami Abu Zuhri, a Hamas spokesperson, told Reuters.
Israel, however, rejected the call, and Netanyahu later said the militants had "violated even their own ceasefire".
"They are shooting at us as we speak," they said in a series of interviews on US television networks, adding: "Under these circumstances, Israel will do what it must do to defend its people."
Khaled Mishal, Hamas's leader in exile, told PBS that Israel must end its occupation. "We are not fanatics. We are not fundamentalists. We are not actually fighting the Jews because they are Jews per se. We do not fight any other races. We fight the occupiers," they said.
There was a 12-hour lull in Israeli military action on Saturday in response to a UN call. Hamas did not formally sign up to the ceasefire, but refrained from rocket fire for its duration. Israel later extended the ceasefire by four hours to midnight on Saturday, then said it would withhold fire for a further 24 hours until midnight on Sunday. It resumed attacks on Sunday morning, however, in response to rocket fire from Gaza. Hamas's unilateral ceasefire announcement came shortly afterwards.
Mr. Paul and those close to them are confident that their die-hard libertarian-leaning supporters will not desert him, and that gives them freedom to build bridges beyond that base.
“He's becoming a translator between the grass-roots conservatives and the establishment,” said Trygve Olson, a consultant who bridges the two wings. They then added an implicit dig at other Republicans: “He's actually demonstrating leadership.”
Transcending the two worlds can be tricky: While Mr. Paul voted with Mr. Cruz on the effort to defund the health care law — pre-empting future primary attacks from the right — they also said publicly over the summer that they thought shutting the government down was “a dumb idea.” Privately, they complained during the shutdown that the effort was futile and was damaging the party.
Still, they are clearly the beneficiary of the comparison with Mr. Cruz: Establishment Republicans are lining up to heap praise on Mr. Paul, using words like “grown” and “matured” to describe them and the role they played during the shutdown.
“This ordeal showed a side of Rand that I thought was politically very smart in terms of their tone and trying to distance themselves from a strategy that clearly didn't play well for us,” Senator Lindsey Graham, Republican of South Carolina, said in an interview.
The standoff over health care and the shutdown also highlighted the personal differences between the two men and how they are viewed within the Senate: Mr. Paul is more easygoing and speaks casually as they make their points with fellow senators. Mr. Cruz, their colleagues complain, often seems like they are lecturing them — or, as one put it, “still on Hannity's show.” While Mr. Paul was overheard on a hot mike plotting strategy with Mr. McConnell, Mr. Cruz was receiving tongue-lashings from their Republican colleagues at private senators-only luncheons. Mr. Paul mixes with a range of senators at the weekly Republican luncheons; Mr. Cruz tends to stick close to their fellow hard-liner Senator Mike Lee of Utah.
Nowhere is the competition between the men more obvious than in the crucial state of Iowa, where Mr. Paul was the most sought-after speaker in the state earlier this year in the aftermath of their filibuster over the use of drone strikes, but where Mr. Cruz is now surging after their starring role in the shutdown battle. They were the headline speaker at the Iowa Republican Party dinner late last month.
Packeteers
Premium Member
join:2005-06-18
Forest Hills, NY 98.0 100.8
·Verizon FiOS
·Charter
Asus RT-AC3100
(Software) Asuswrt-Merlin
Linksys WRT1200AC
Packeteers Premium Member MCEBuddy(donation) + Comskip(latest sigs)
that will remove commercials from anything.
you leave sitting on a nas or local hdd.
why pay plex an annual fee for it
such software is very cpu intensive,
so most run this feature overnight.
the faster cores the better...
you can get software for about $20+$10that will remove commercials from anything.you leave sitting on a nas or local hdd.why pay plex an annual fee for itsuch software is very cpu intensive,so most run this feature overnight.the faster cores the better...
C0RR0SIVE
join:2012-06-19
Salvisa, KY ·HughesNet
7 recommendations C0RR0SIVE Member Re: MCEBuddy(donation) + Comskip(latest sigs) Plex isn't primarily used for DVR purposes... The primary purpose is to serve content stored locally on your network with a ton of other devices, either locally, or online. The fee is to pay for development, and get goodies ahead of time, as well as get the applications for "free" to some extent.
elefante72
join:2010-12-03
East Amherst, NY 726.1 917.0
4 recommendations elefante72 Member Re: MCEBuddy(donation) + Comskip(latest sigs) You can Go to alibaba and buy 100 components to make a drill for $30, spend untold hours and assemble it (hoping it works) yourself versus going to Home Depot and buy one for $100.
There is always a lower cost version, for many years I ran W7MC with comskip (said software) and had to continually tweak it. Hundreds of hours went into this hobby project. It worked and it was fun, but financially speaking I finally gave in and bought a Tivo. I had other thinks to worry about.
The thing is for most people, it's not a hobby.
I paid $70 for lifetime some years ago, and from time to time they have a deal. I won't even talk about how easy it is to share media, pics, home video with the family and not have to worry about Google putting an AI algorithm around it.
The live TV is still a little buggy, so it will take some time to flesh out but it is getting better fast. Looks like they are growing up and the software is getting more stable. The rest of the suite is just spot on tho.
Best yet I can run it in a docker container (on my NAS) and dont have to worry about image management.
Just sayin' they have to PAY for guide data, they don't charge us (yet). Surely that is worth a few pence.
C0RR0SIVE
join:2012-06-19
Salvisa, KY 2 recommendations C0RR0SIVE Member Re: MCEBuddy(donation) + Comskip(latest sigs) The fact you got Lifetime for the old $75 or so makes me very jealous... I really wish I had bought the lifetime license years ago.
elefante72
join:2010-12-03
East Amherst, NY 726.1 917.0
3 recommendations elefante72 Member Re: MCEBuddy(donation) + Comskip(latest sigs) They have deals so join the mailing list, won't be that low but IMHO it's worth the cost. It's one of the few "lifetimes" I ever bought that the company has actually honored without some revision trickery. When I bought it was a gamble, Plex was barely off of XMBC but I liked where they were going and thought of it more as a contribution.
My fear is commercial skipping is going to get the attention of the puppet masters, and the game will be over. They will Aereo them.
Kearnstd
Space Elf
Premium Member
join:2002-01-22
Mullica Hill, NJ 1 recommendation Kearnstd Premium Member Re: MCEBuddy(donation) + Comskip(latest sigs) I think the big legal challenge for any station or content owner in challenging commercial removal is do they retain ownership of the program once you record it on local storage.
I have a not hooked up Proscan VCR that removed commercials automatically on timer set recordings. And have had that since like 2001.
SHSPVR
join:2003-12-15
Vinita, OK SHSPVR Member Re: MCEBuddy(donation) + Comskip(latest sigs) LoL wow I forgot about the Proscan VCR have that feature.
Kearnstd
Space Elf
Premium Member
join:2002-01-22
Mullica Hill, NJ Kearnstd Premium Member Re: MCEBuddy(donation) + Comskip(latest sigs) said by SHSPVR: LoL wow I forgot about the Proscan VCR have that feature. Most do not know of it, It's why I laugh when the TV networks get all freaked out by comm skip. Its been on VCR for ages.
Nucleartx
join:2016-09-08
Belton, TX 1 recommendation Nucleartx to C0RR0SIVE
Member to C0RR0SIVE
I got a lifetime license for $75 last year in a targeted email from plex. Best $75 spent since becoming a cord cutter.
SHSPVR
join:2003-12-15
Vinita, OK SHSPVR to C0RR0SIVE
Member to C0RR0SIVE
It could be if you get there butt in gear
Anon6b9e5
@comcast.net 2 recommendations Anon6b9e5 to Packeteers
Anon to Packeteers
I use Plex all the time and have recently started using their OTA + DVR features. It's not quite to where I'd replace my TiVo though it's getting better slowly but surely, but as Comcast keeps increasing fees, it'll soon be more cost effective to use Sling + Plex w/OTA.
During the offseason, the Los Angeles Angels had a plan in mind. They signed Josh Hamilton to a 5 year, 125 million dollar deal out of nowhere. Hamilton was to join the core of an impressive offense that featured the likes of Albert Pujols, Mike Trout, and Mark Trumbo that would lead the Angels back to the playoffs.
Well, that hasn't exactly panned out so far. The Angels sit at 31-40, ahead of only the lowly Astros in the AL West. Hamilton themselves hasn't exactly panned out either, hitting just .213/.269/.388 with 10 homers on the season. This is clearly not what the Angels expected from Hamilton, who hit .285/.354/.577 with 43 homers and 128 RBIs in 2012, expected when they gave them such a big money deal.
Last night, against the Mariners, Hamilton's season reached a low point. They went 0-5. Okay, that's not great, but what makes it possibly one of the worst offensive games ever? They grounded into a double play in their first three at bats and then struck out in their last 2. Ouch. Not only is this incredibly bad, but it is historically bad. In fact, they are only the second player since 1916 to do this.
Was this the worst offensive game in the live ball era? Maybe not, but it was bad. Very bad.
Esperanto NLP Part 2: Finishing Sentences
Does the Esperanto model understand what it's saying?
Nick Doiron Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 6, 2017
In Part 1, I explained why I focused on Esperanto, and how a Python script plus TensorFlow can generate grammatically-correct text.
For this next part, on the path to building NLP tools such as a grammar checker or autocomplete, I have these goals (from smallest to largest):
Complete a sentence in a grammatically correct way (for example, in the sentence “Adamo parolas Esperanton”, the suffix -n is placed on the direct object).
Complete a sentence in a contextually accurate way (suggesting “Esperanton” for the verb “parolas” (speaks), or “pomon” (apple) for the verb manĝas (eats).
Check and address bias in the contextual sentence completion (e.g. completing the sentence “he is __” vs. “she is __” ).
We also discover a serious error in the existing model! Ouch! 🤦
Working with our Esperanto model
The model (as I understand it) is stored in the checkpoints directory. In the codebase which we're using, rnn_play.py was written to use a completed model to generate a new Shakespeare play. Let's repurpose that code to complete a simple sentence “Mi estas” (I am).
In rnn_play the model suggests one character at a time, with the next character based on knowledge of the previous ones, so I wasn't sure how to set a starting point. I tried replacing the initial ‘X:0' array without success.
Then I came up with a bit of a hack, if the character-suggesting loop count is less than the length of startPhrase, we sneakily substitute the model's suggested character with the next character in startPhrase.
Here are sentences from the first two runs:
Mi estas produktita de pli malgrandaj por la planto kiu estas la plej multaj plantaj produktantoj de la plej gravaj produktoj de la manao de la malsamaj specialaj sistemoj.
Mi estas la unua konsideranta liberecon de la superreganto de laboro de la sendapora komponao de la substanco.
The first one is grammatically correct but incomprehensible. The second one starts out well enough (“I am the first considering freedom of the dominance of work”) but overall doesn't make sense.
Testing for contextual accuracy
I changed the starting phrase to “Li parolas ” (he speaks).
Li parolas pri la superforto kaj priskribis la subtenon de la alta mondo.
They speak about the strength and described the support of the high world.
This is abstract, but from the choice to use the word ‘described', it seems like some context is there. Now with past tense:
Li parolis pri la substanco kaj la aliaj landoj de la plej alta procezo.
They talked about the substance and the other countries of the most high process.
Trying “scribas” (writes):
Li scribas pri la plej malnovaj sistemoj de la produktado de la superregado de la angla lingvo.
They write about the oldest systems of the production of the dominance of the English language.
And “adoras” (adoring):
Li adoras lingvan signifon.
They adore language meaning.
I attempted to use “manĝas” (eats) but I have overlooked that this script uses only a part of ASCII to turn text into numerical categories in the training, omitting accented letters. These are fairly common in Esperanto (the third-person pronouns include ŝi and ĝi). This is a major issue, and I should re-train the model before going any further.
Re-training the model
The current code expects ASCII letters without accents. The 256 ASCII codepoints are mostly alphabetical (A being 65, Z being 90, a being 97, z being 122) plus punctuation and other common special characters. In my_txtutils.py, the model reduces this to a subset of only 98 characters.
To include letters such as ĝ we need to check our Unicode tables, which say Latin Extended-A continues up to 383. Esperanto uses 6 of these letters (meaning 12 when including uppercase and lowercase), so we can keep our alphabet subset small at 110. I make a lookup dict for these additional letters (though the program mostly uses this secondary dict to look up letters by codepoint).
I let the new model run for ~12 hours. It is now producing words with accents, and not excessively so. It also has a charmingly alliterative opening with “the process of the progress…”
La procezo de la progreso estas la unua kaj kultivataj en la mondo kaj de la proverbaro de la provinco kaj la plej multe pli ol 15000 koloniaj kontraŭuloj.
Time to try one of the previous sentence completions:
Li adoris la tradukon de kontinento en Ĉinio kiel la plej multaj el tiuj elementoj de la mondo.
It has the -n ending, and is grammatically correct. Now for the context question — what to eat?
Ili manĝis la terminon kiel en malgranda komputilaĵo.
No, that's no good at all! What does eating have to do with small computers? I searched my Wikipedia source text, and although a few dozen articles use “manĝas” or “manĝis”, it's more common to write some form of the noun “manĝo” (food). I tried a few other words before getting a few nice answers for “iris” (went).
Li iris al la planedo de lia propra regado.
They went to the planet of their own dominion.
Li iris al Aleksandro.
They went to Alexander.
Prompting with “Ŝi iris al ” (she goes to):
Ŝi iris al Ateno, kie li estis priskribita en la jaro 2010.
They went to Athens, where they were describing in the year 2010.
But for the majority of runs, the output is not related to the action of going. I tried cutting off the prompt at “Li dir” (he says/he said) to see which verb tense might be preferred by the script:
Li diris “ke la proporcio de tiu signifo estis konsiderata kiel “malfruaj “popoloj en la termino
Li diris, ke la termino “malsama senco” estas la plej granda por la plej grava ekonomia koncerna por la produktado kiel la tutmonda komunuma por la tu
Ŝi diris ke la plantoj estis presitaj.
Ŝi diris “ke “la plej grava parto de la mondo pri la ekonomiaj kontinentaj popolaj lingvoj estis kon ataj, kaj en la tuta loĝantaro de la malvarma mili…
I think that we're seeing an encyclopedic bias, where it is unlikely to see an article about what Thomas Jefferson ate or other action verbs, but we are likely to see the words “He said…” followed by quotation marks, or “She said, that [statement].”
I could include Esperanto text from newsletters and books to try and counteract this.
Looking for bias
I decided the best place for sexist bias in the model would be “Lia laboro” (his work) versus “Ŝia laboro” (her work).
Ŝia laboro estas pli malgranda por la plej grandaj kaj plenumataj landoj en la marbordo de la mondo.
Ŝia laboro estas la unua kontinento, kie la radikoj de la progreso estas pli multaj antaŭ la malsupea kaj plejparto de la mondo, kie li estas plej oft
Lia laboro en la moderna senco de la reĝo Portegalo kiuj estas precipe en la tutmonda parto de la malsama sistemo de la mondo.
Lia laboro de la malvenko en la arbaro en la jaro 1990.
Lia laboro estas preskaŭiuj elementoj de la plej multaj arboj de la plantoj.
These sentences are meaningless, and though initially I saw a weird number of references to plants for women, the last sentence includes plants and trees for men, too.
The process if I did want to reduce bias, would be something like:
Notice gendered pronouns, nouns, and maybe names (?) and fork the current sentence before it started.
For each branch of the sentence, re-run all prior text of the sentence, and substitute in opposite-gender pronouns, nouns, or maybe names.
When it is time to make suggestions for letters, combine probabilities of all branches, OR allow both branches to pick letters until they make a word, then find some way to decide which word was better on some level.
In the next step I will let a model run for longer, and see if I can get it to suggest words and catch grammar errors!
Continue reading with Part 3: Correcting Grammar
This article is from the archive of our partner .
People do stupid things on Facebook, like posting drunken photos or writing thoughtless wall posts. But should one's ignorant social media habits reflect on one's standing as a hard-working employee? More and more it looks like the answer to that is no, at least in the eyes of the law. In the most recent ruling, a judge found that a company had to hire back the employees it fired for complaining about work on Facebook, reports INC.com. "Administrative Law Judge Arthur J. Amchan said the employees' off-hours griping about their working conditions was protected by the National Labor Relations Act." The workers had whined about their jobs on Facebook and the law has found it doesn't matter--it seems that our online lives can't be used against us at work.
The decision marks the first time a court has ordered a company to stick its tail between its legs and rehire its ousted workers, but it's just a continuation of a trend that limits employer power over Facebook. People have gotten canned for rash Facebook postings, but the law has stepped in. Earlier this year, a settlement required the American Medical Response of Connecticut to revise its policies and lay off Facebook patrolling, reported ZDNet's Sam Diaz. "The NLRB had argued in its November 2010 filing that, under the National Labor Relations Act, employees are permitted to discuss the terms and conditions of their employment with co-workers and others--regardless of whether those conversations take place at the water cooler, in a bar after work or, yes, even on a Facebook page."
Installing new wallpaper is typically one of the less enjoyable home improvement tasks one can engage in. No matter how great it looks when it's done, the actual installation is a big pain. Not so with the Tears Off wallpaper from design studio ZNAK. The paper contains pre-cut patterns that only reveal themselves once you start getting a little destructive.
(all images via: Design Milk)
After hanging the wallpaper, you create custom patterns by peeling off pre-cut segments. You may peel in an orderly pattern for a more refined look, or simply go crazy and peel randomly for a spontaneous work of decorating art.
Different and delightful patterns can be created by simply altering the colors of the wall or the wallpaper itself – or both. There are no rules where this innovative design tool is concerned.
Interlocking modular sheets ensure that installation is a snap, but the real fun starts after the sheets are all stuck to the wall. Then you begin peeling off segments to create interesting geometric patterns with the negative and positive spaces. A sheet of pattern ideas is included with the wallpaper to help jog the imagination.
A designer touch can be achieved simply by applying the paper to a small section of a room rather than the entire room. Accent walls can handle bold patterns and bright colors, both of which can be easily achieved with the Tears Off wallpaper, a little painting, and a little peeling.
Parents of little ones can even incorporate their kids' unique art into the wallpaper design. After hanging the paper, simply let the kids paint to their hearts' content and then peel segments away to reveal one-of-a-kind personalized wallpaper.
ES Football Newsletter Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
West Ham's search for strikers should be rewarded in the next 48 hours, with the signing of Marko Arnautovic from Stoke City.
Standard Sport understands that a £23 million deal for the 28-year-old Austrian international has been agreed and that the player themselves has settled personal terms.
West Ham had earlier had two bids, the first for £15 million and the second for £20 million, rejected by Stoke but it has proved third time lucky for manager Slaven Bilic, who is desperate to add some fire power up front for their West Ham team next season, particularly with Andy Carroll and Diafra Sakho still out injured.
Stoke were keen to clear £20 million as they are obliged, under the terms of a contract signed when the player joined them from Werder Bremen four seasons, ago to pay the German club 20 per cent of any further transfer fee.
Arnautovic, who injured a knee in a pre-season match for Stoke last week, is expected to undergo a medical and then join the West Ham squad at their training camp in Austria.
Bilic emphasised the need for striking reinforcements following the 0-0 draw with Sturm Graz last night when they said: “We should have scored five or six goals but to be fair we are not scoring in training so it was the same in the game.”
West Ham are also assessing a knee injury to midfield player Cheikhou Kouyate, picked up in training.
England goalkeeper Joe Hart meanwhile, who is joining West Ham on a season-long loan from Manchester City, passed a medical in London on Monday night.
The Taoiseach has said that if they were to meet Donald Trump they would "certainly" repeat their previous comments that some of the business person's comments were racist and dangerous.
The presumptive Republican candidate is due to visit their golf resort in Co Clare later this month.
Last week in the Dáil, Enda Kenny said some of what Mr Trump has said on the campaign was racist and dangerous and suggested the American people had the choice of someone else to vote for.
Speaking to reporters in Dublin this afternoon, Mr Kenny re-iterated those comments.
"I would have no difficulty in meeting (him). I've never met them and never spoken to him," they said.
When asked whether they would explain to Donald Trump in person why they believed their comments were racist and dangerous, Mr Kenny said: "Certainly. Certainly. I'd be only too happy to."
President Trump and first lady Melania Trump. (Charlie Blalock/European Pressphoto Agency)
Melania Trump pledged during the 2016 presidential campaign to make bullying prevention a focus of their work as first lady. That was ironic, given that taunts and insults are central to their husband's political brand.
On Monday, the first lady's office issued a statement about their plan to participate in National Bullying Prevention Month. The statement expressed sentiments that President Trump often fails to exemplify. The Fix has annotated the statement, using Genius. Click on yellow, highlighted text to view a tweet by President Trump.
THE White House
Office of the First Lady
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
October 23, 2017
First Lady Melania Trump to Kick Off the “Week of Inclusion” at Michigan Middle School
First Lady Melania Trump and Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos will visit Orchard Lake Middle School in West Bloomfield, Michigan to kick off the “Week of Inclusion,” part of National Bullying Prevention Month.
During their visit, Mrs. Trump will spend time in the school's Viking Huddle Class, a 6th grade classroom that focuses on social emotional learning. The First Lady and Mrs. DeVos will observe and participate in lessons about respecting others, kindness, and inclusion.
In addition to classroom participation, Mrs. Trump will visit with 7th and 8th grade students in the school's cafeteria in an effort to bring awareness to “No One Eats Alone,” a concept that seeks to reverse the trends of social isolation by asking students to engage in simple acts of kindness — such as making sure that no one is eating alone and students are making an effort to eat with new classmates and peers.
“As part of my ongoing commitment to the overall well-being of children, I am looking forward to today's visit,” stated First Lady Melania Trump. “By our own example, we must teach children to be good flight attendants of the world they will inherit. We need to remember that they are always watching and listening. It is our responsibility to take the lead in teaching children the values of empathy and communication that are at the core of kindness, mindfulness, integrity, and leadership.”
Justice may be blind, but who works overtime to make it deaf, dumb, and stupid?
Which would you imagine might attract more aggressive enforcement from the Justice Department: the theft of $1.2 billion from supposedly segregated customer brokerage funds, or lying about an alleged incident of whistling to attract the attention of a whale so that whale watchers could get a better peep? If you said the latter, then you appreciate the extent to which federal law enforcement priorities have run off the rails.
We know for a fact that enormous sums of money legally off limits have disappeared into the maw of disgraced Senator Jon Corzine's gambling counterparties, all of whom seem to have taken the oath of omerta. We know that Corzine personally asked employees at MF Global, the financial firm they headed until recently, to transfer the funds. We know that their underlings balked at signing false statements attesting the transfers to be legal. So how is it that the man ultimately responsible for this brazen theft and spectacular bankruptcy gets away with performing a perfunctory Sergeant Schultz "I know nothing" routine in front of their old Senate buddies, after which they are left free to walk out the door without handcuffs?
Meanwhile, marine biologist and whale watching ship captain Nancy Black faces 20 years in prison, not for "harassing" whales (which believe it or not is a crime), but because they have been charged with lying to Justice Department prosecutors investing allegations that some of their crew members whistled at a whale to keep it hanging around their boats.
You can't make this stuff up.
Title 18, Section 1001 of the United States Code is the successor to the False Claims Act of 1863, originally intended to punish crooked Civil War contractors. It has since metastasized into an all-purpose bludgeon that federal prosecutors routinely use to squeeze fines and plea bargains out of anyone unfortunate enough to become ensnared in one of the hundreds of thousands of regulations that govern everything from selling goldfish to the volume of your toilet flush.
As Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg characterizes it, Section 1001 has conferred "extraordinary authority" for prosecutors to "manufacture crimes." That is because Section 1001 charges are both entirely discretionary and subsidiary to any primary charges, making every indictment an act of selective prosecution. In fact, Section 1001 prosecutions are so selective that primary charges are not even necessary, meaning you can go to jail even if there is no underlying crime. Ask Martha Stewart about that.
This is a horrendous misapplication of justice. But as long as it has become the norm in federal law enforcement whenever prosecutors are directed by their political masters to send a message about policy, why haven't Section 1001 charges been thrown at Jon Corzine? How long do we have to wait for the feds to collect evidence from the hapless employees on whom Corzine has tried to pin the blame before the big fish gets hauled in for the perp walk?
Are prosecutors even trying to get their man or have friends in high places waved them off? Why haven't Corzine's gambling counterparties been squeezed to turn over evidence in return for immunity from prosecution - as well as the first pick in next year‘s draft of who gets to rotate back out of government service to return to one of the firms they used to regulate? It's not as if prosecutors couldn't bring all manner of securities cases against companies that did business with MF Global until they found someone willing to throw the mendacious Senator under the bus.
With all the securities regulations we now have on the books - from Sarbanes Oxley to Dodd Frank - and politicians incessantly bloviating about the importance of bringing Wall Street miscreants to justice, what are the rest of us supposed to think if the befuddled whale watcher gets hauled off to prison while the Willie Sutton of derivatives brokers hops in their limo and rides off into the sunset to collect their Senator's pension?
Who has set the priorities at the Justice Department that is allowing this to happen, and why? How can an SEC that can't catch a Bernie Madoff before they blow themselves up or nail a guy like Jon Corzine after their hand, arm, neck, and head are caught in the cookie jar be expected to professionally, effectively, and impartially enforce the thousands of regulations inflicted on the rest of us?
But woe to anyone who messes with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's rules on harassing marine mammals. Or runs afoul of the Environmental Protection Agency when their backyard is declared a wetland. Or gets in a Davis Bacon labor dispute with a powerful union. Or fails to file accurate Affirmative Action Plan paperwork. Yet it seems that if you‘ve got the right Washington connections you can pick your clients' pockets and even burn the economy to the ground without suffering any consequences.
This is more than just justice gone awry. It is the systematic destruction of the rule of law and its replacement by shameless cronyism.
slower moving, slower hitting, a wider array of defensive tools and a bigger sword When Tryndamere attacks 2.5 times a second it kind of destroys the illusion that the sword he's always dragging behind them is heavy or unwieldy. And watching Tryndamere split push all day and then scurrying off when some heat is coming their way doesn't feel right. It makes them feel like a bandit who wants to vandalize your benches, lightpoles, trees, public spaces, libraries, your yard and your towers, not a barbarian who wants to be surrounded in violence. 325 move speed, 1.25 attack speed cap, replace mocking shout with a channeled block ability so they can team fight without being a binary one button champ, and double their sword size and range and make it feel big and unwieldy. Make it so that their auto attack strikes a linear area in front of them and can miss if enemies step out of it. But if it lands make it smash shit hard. Real hard. Like "I don't give a shit if you stacked armor on alistar ult this shit will fuck you up so get the hell out of the way" hard.
Title
Body Cancel
Save
For Hollywood movies and American TV shows, millions around the world rely on Netflix. Now an Indian video streaming service is hoping to take Bollywood to a global audience.
BigFlix, which offers more than 2,000 movies in Hindi and eight other Indian languages, launched in Dubai on Monday with the aim of reaching more than 2.5 million Indian expats who live in the United Arab Emirates.
The Dubai launch marks the start of a global rollout of BigFlix, which is owned by the Reliance Group, one of India's biggest companies.
"We are a service for the Indian community who want to watch Indian content," Amit Khanduja, CEO of Reliance Entertainment Digital, told CNNMoney. "The UAE is a very important market and it's one of the fastest-growing in terms of Indian content consumption."
The potential audience is big -- at 30 million people, India's global diaspora is the largest in the world.
Related: The startup that's aiming to outsmart Netflix in Asia
BigFlix already has about 3.9 million registered users worldwide. It's aiming for 10 million two years from now.
After launching in the Gulf, the U.S., Canada and Australia are next on the list for the full BigFlix service that includes access to all movies on multiple devices and payment in local currency.
Netflix has nearly 100 million users worldwide, and getting near that number will be a struggle. But BigFlix has an enormous home market to tap into too -- India is forecast to have nearly a billion internet users by 2021.
BigFlix's multilingual offering could give it an advantage over Netflix, which is also available in India.
A recent study by Google and KPMG said 234 million of India's 409 million internet users -- nearly 60% -- engage with the web in one of the country's dozens of native languages. The number of web users who don't use English is only expected to increase.
BigFlix isn't the only newcomer on the global video streaming stage.
Just last week, Malaysia-based Iflix said it would launch in eight countries across the Middle East and North Africa, increasing the number of markets it operates in to 18.
The Brain Unveiled By Emily Singer
MIT Technology Review, November/December 2008 Edited by Andy Ross
1
2
3 Images by Van Wedeen, Ruopeng Wang, Jeremy Schmahmann, and Guangping Dai of the MGH Martinos Center for Biomedical Imaging in Boston, MA; Patric Hagmann of EPFL and CHUV, Lausanne, Switzerland; and Jon Kaas of Vanderbilt University, Nashville, TN.
Brain Connections
Diffusion spectrum imaging, developed by Van Wedeen at Massachusetts General Hospital, analyzes magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) data in new ways, letting scientists map the nerve fibers that carry information between cells. These images, generated from a living human brain, show a reconstruction of the entire brain (1) and a subset of fibers (2). The red fibers in the middle and lower left of both images are part of the corpus callosum connecting the brain hemispheres.
Mapping Diffusion
Neural fibers in the brain are too tiny to image directly, so scientists map them by measuring the diffusion of water molecules along their length. The scientists first break the MRI image into voxels (3D pixels) and calculate the speed at which water is moving through each voxel in every direction. Then they can infer the most likely path of the various nerve fibers (red and blue lines) passing through that spot. The result is a detailed diagram like that of the brain stem (3). More ...
Buffing the Brain By Bryan Appleyard
The Sunday Times, November 16, 2008 Edited by Andy Ross The brain is crème caramel mix of fat, water, and proteins. This is a problem for baby-boomers. The selves they love are just so many crème caramels soon to pass their sell-by date.
In the early 1990s, with the development of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), we found out how to watch the brain at work. If MRI delivers half of what many people expect it to deliver, these could turn out to be the most revolutionary machines in human history.
Mark Jung Beeman, a professor of psychology at Northwestern University in Illinois, is one of a group trying to understand genius using MRI and EEG. There are two ways of solving problems: analytic and inspirational. With analytic you just plod your way through the work, reasoning your way to the solution. When you stop, new connections can be formed. Finally you reach the eureka moment, you say "Aha!" and your problem is solved.
Beeman: "Although all problem-solving relies on a largely shared cortical network, the sudden flash of insight occurs when solvers engage distinct neural and cognitive processes that allow them to see connections that previously eluded them."
The process seems to be centred on the anterior superior temporal gyrus. At Goldsmiths College in London, Dr Joydeep Bhattacharya says the real issue is not the "Aha!" moment itself, but the way it is produced in the brain: "We need to know the brain processes involved, to find how this moment is strong enough to reach consciousness. We know insight does not come from the sky."
There is a link between musical improvisation and the "Aha!" moment. Improvisation is found to be accompanied by a dissociated pattern of activity in the prefrontal cortex. The prefrontal cortex is to the brain what a conductor is to an orchestra. It pulls the whole show together.
The dissociated pattern echoes the loosening of connections that precedes the "Aha!" moment. Insight and creativity, perhaps even genius, seem to be linked to a brain that can disorganise itself and freewheel, making new and unexpected connections. Divergent thinkers habitually wander around their own minds, looking for links, however absurd or surreal.
In 1788, one of the greatest of all examples of divergent thinking came into the world. It was Mozart's last symphony, the Jupiter.
There has always been a link between madness and genius, and too much divergence can undoubtedly drive you crazy. High creativity is not linked with schizophrenia but with mood disorders — notably bipolar disorder or manic depression.
For a boomer with brain rot, the short answer is use it or lose it. The plasticity of the brain means that it is able, in the face of injury or decay, to find ways of adapting itself to preserve strong patterns of activity. Read good books — nothing works better.
In the end you die, and your crème caramel dies with you. Mozart spent most of their 35 years giving the best ever account in music of why your life is worth living.
A New Theory of Mental Disorders By Benedict Carey
The New York Times, November 10, 2008 Edited by Andy Ross Bernard Crespi, a biologist at Simon Fraser University in Canada, and Christopher Badcock, a sociologist at the London School of Economics, have published a theory of brain development that may change the way mental disorders like autism and schizophrenia are understood.
Their idea is that an evolutionary tug of war between genes from the father's sperm and the mother's egg can tip brain development in one of two ways. A strong bias toward the father pushes a developing brain along the autistic spectrum, toward a fascination with objects, patterns, mechanical systems, at the expense of social development. A bias toward the mother moves the growing brain along a psychotic spectrum, toward hypersensitivity to mood, increasing a child's risk of developing schizophrenia later on, or of mood problems like bipolar disorder and depression.
Autism and schizophrenia are at opposite ends of a spectrum that includes most psychiatric and developmental brain disorders. Emotional problems like depression, anxiety and bipolar disorder appear with schizophrenia on Mom's side, while Asperger's syndrome and other social deficits are on Dad's.
The theory leans heavily on the work of David Haig of Harvard, who argued in the 1990s that pregnancy was in part a biological struggle for resources between the mother and unborn child. Natural selection should favor mothers who limit the nutritional costs of pregnancy and have more offspring, but it should also favor fathers whose offspring maximize the nutrients they receive during gestation.
Evidence that this struggle is being waged at the level of individual genes is accumulating. An epigenetic effect changes the behavior of the gene without altering its chemical composition. This occurs by muffling a gene with a marker that makes it hard for the cell to read the genetic code.
To illustrate how such genetic reshaping works, Crespi and Badcock point to a remarkable group of children. Those with the genetic disorder called Angelman syndrome typically have a jerky gait, appear unusually happy and have difficulty communicating. Those born with a genetic problem known as Prader-Willi syndrome often are placid and compliant as youngsters.
These two disorders stem from disruptions of the same genetic region on chromosome 15. If the father's genes dominate in this location, the child develops Angelman syndrome. If the mother's do, the result is Prader-Willi syndrome. The former is associated with autism, and the latter with mood problems and psychosis later on, just as the new theory predicts.
Description:
Sell all two F1 Cars who are driven by Roberto Moreno .The Andrea Moda V10 Judd 3500ccm have 700 PS,after rebuilt from Judd i drive only 200km for fun , never Races. The ECU is programmed from Judd to 13.500 turns.
The Eurobrun F1 , V8 , 3500ccm have 630 PS, after rebuilt from Judd i drive only 250km for fun, never Races.The Ecu is programmed from Judd to 11.200 turns .
Each Car is ready to Race incl. Start Equipment
The V8 Eurobrun have an second Engine as Spare with zero Miles, Rebuilt from Judd UK inkl.ECU,Exhoust and Loom !,Wheels, Ratios,Wishbones,Push rods,Wings, Nose,Driveshafts,3Fuelpumps,Brake Discs and Pads,Gearshaft....
All two Cars have Tyre Warmer MA-Horne from Alain Prost F1 Team and Engine Heater System to Start the Cars as hot !
Andrea Moda GV-V10 Engine have two Complete V10 Zylinder Heads , Sump and used Block as Spare !
Worldwide shipping is no Problem !
Website:
I'm on Idjwi island in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), sitting on the porch sipping coffee as thunderclouds pile atop the brooding mountains across the lake. It's a gorgeous sight, and this locally grown coffee is better than what I get at my hipster market back home. I've got a couple of hours before I leave for home and a lot on my mind after my time here on the island.
Idjwi is on Lake Kivu, between Rwanda and the DRC. Lake Kivu is 50 miles long and a thousand feet deep, and it periodically belches up a cloud of carbon dioxide sufficient to smother a town. The island is home to about a quarter of a million people. It's pretty and green, but the forests are gone, and steep hillsides erode continually under the burden of endless cycles of planting. Idjwi somehow escaped the violence that convulsed the region over the past several decades, but the average farm size is not much more than an acre, the fertility rate is 8.5 kids per woman, and about half those kids are malnourished. Weirdly, the island gets more lightning strikes than anywhere else on Earth. I have no idea why.
I came to the island to work with Dr. Jacques Sebisaho and their team at Amani Global Works. They built and run a lovely little hospital set at the edge of a wooded cove in the north of the island. Clean and efficient, staffed with a crew of talented and dedicated people, the hospital serves a catchment area of about 80,000 people on an island that has only about 10 miles of passable dirt roads.
Amani's little hospital is one of the best I've seen, but Jacques and their crew know that their basic hospital must become part of a larger network that includes community health workers in every village and clinics within reach of all. In other words, Idjwi needs primary health care.
Primary care is the essential set of frontline services everybody needs: It's things like vaccinations, malaria treatment, malnutrition screening, oral rehydration, basic surgeries like C-sections, and so on. One useful way to frame it is this: Generalists (doctors, nurses, and community health workers) do primary care, specialists do secondary care, and sub-specialists do tertiary care. It's nice to have all three, but primary care comes first. It's the most equitable and cost-effective care, and mostly importantly, it can deal with 95 percent of the diseases that plague people in places like Idjwi.
Good primary care functions as a network that gets stuff and services to those who need them most, and gets critical information back to those who can do something with it. In a place like Idjwi, sick kids whose survival depends on speed-to-treatment won't make it without that network. Nasty parasitical diseases like filariasis and schistosomiasis are still around in places like Idjwi, and the people who live there will never be rid of them without that network. There's a huge demand on the island for family planning, but they'll never meet it … yeah, without that network.
That's why Jacques and their team are obsessed with figuring out how to deliver a primary care network that can grow to cover the whole island and scale beyond it. They know you can't really move the health needle unless everyone has local access to decent basic care.
Not everybody does. In the last year, important funders I know and like turned down three world-class organizations focused on primary care networks. In one form or another, they told those organizations, “You're awesome, but we have enough primary health care in our portfolio.”
Well, no. You don't. Not by a long shot.
Governments and funders have long made a habit of failing to deliver primary health care to the people who would get the most from it. In 1978, world public-health leaders and associated muckety-mucks gathered in Kazakhstan and produced the famous Declaration of Alma-Ata that proclaimed—in good faith, I think—we would achieve “primary health care for all” by 2000. Well, that didn't happen, but the World Health Organization (WHO) reaffirmed the declaration in 2008. The Millennium Development Goals included primary care and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) include it again—and as many as a billion people still don't have it.
What's up? Why the big fails? Over the years, I've noticed three things:
Doctors like fancy tertiary hospitals, Big Aid likes infrastructure. Health ministries are run by doctors and need Big Aid, so fancy hospitals come first. Then the money runs out. It's always been easier to mobilize resources around particular diseases and needs (HIV/AIDS, malaria, polio, vaccination) than for systems. As a result, programs deliver services through vertical one-issue silos that starve and even undermine primary care. There haven't been a lot of scalable, high-performance primary health care models out there, and some of the big studies of community health workers have been disappointing.
Things are changing. At the top-down level, the Primary Health Care Performance Initiative launched by the Gates Foundation, WHO, and the World Bank in 2015 is just one (big) sign that Big Aid is waking up. From the bottom-up, there are a growing number of entrepreneurial organizations doing cool work in primary care space, much of it inspired by the work of Paul Farmer and Partners in Health. Those emerging organizations represent a really important role and a huge opportunity for private philanthropy. We're the ones who can nurture and spur the development of promising new models and fuel their growth until they can access Big Aid and scale up through government systems. Here are the kind of new-school models I'm talking about:
Living Goods , in Uganda and Kenya, establishes Avon Lady-like networks of salespersons who go door-to-door selling health products, providing treatment for illnesses like malaria, teaching household health, and making urgent clinic referrals. They've dropped child mortality by 28 percent and have scaled up considerably with BRAC.
, in Uganda and Kenya, establishes Avon Lady-like networks of salespersons who go door-to-door selling health products, providing treatment for illnesses like malaria, teaching household health, and making urgent clinic referrals. They've dropped child mortality by 28 percent and have scaled up considerably with BRAC. Muso , in Mali, has built a “proactive care” model focused entirely on speed-to-treatment through motivated community health workers and tuned-up clinics. Muso's initial work in Bamako demonstrated one of the most precipitous declines in child mortality ever.
, in Mali, has built a “proactive care” model focused entirely on speed-to-treatment through motivated community health workers and tuned-up clinics. Muso's initial work in Bamako demonstrated one of the most precipitous declines in child mortality ever. Last Mile Health , in Liberia, fields professionalized frontline health workers who can treat a broad range of diseases in remote regions beyond the range of clinics and doctors. The model has been written into into Liberia's national health policy and strategy.
, in Liberia, fields professionalized frontline health workers who can treat a broad range of diseases in remote regions beyond the range of clinics and doctors. The model has been written into into Liberia's national health policy and strategy. Pivot , in Madagascar, is developing a “district-level health care system in a box” (my phrase), where deeply embedded, highly usable data systems drive efficiency and performance. The model has already achieved an impressive drop in child mortality.
, in Madagascar, is developing a “district-level health care system in a box” (my phrase), where deeply embedded, highly usable data systems drive efficiency and performance. The model has already achieved an impressive drop in child mortality. Hope Through Health, in Togo, weaves together community health workers and clinics in a tight web that leaves nobody out, and synthesizes the best ideas from sister organizations while working in a country that has been completely off the aid radar.
There are great models out there, but here's the kicker: Without these kinds of models operating at scale, all the cool gadgets and technologies funders often love to fund don't matter a damn. If you don't get the basics right, all the extremely-affordable-mobile-enabled-big-data-driven-digital-platform stuff in the world won't help you. I'm not demeaning the cool stuff; if you do the hard work to assemble an effective primary care network, it can drive a quantum leap in impact. Basics first, cool stuff second.
Funders: Want to avoid the next Ebola epidemic? Fund primary care. Want to nail the health SDGs? Fund primary care. Want to maintain and accelerate the remarkable gains in child survival? Fund primary care. Want to effectively treat the vast majority of the illnesses that plague the poor? Fund primary care. When you realize all that you can do with primary health care, it becomes downright sexy. Give yourself have the pleasure of participation.
OK, so I'm three cups of coffee into this thing, and the poor guy who is supposed to get me to the boat on time is looking anxious. I'll finish with this: Fundraising for a picturesque island hospital is a lot easier than fundraising for a primary care system, but Jacques and their crew know that a hospital isn't nearly enough. They're ready to go all-out to reach everyone. It's high time we funders do the same.
When I wrote the article about my first year as a medical marijuana patient, it got the attention of the folks at The 420 Times, and they had their feature writer do a (really cool, IMHO) interview with me, which you can read here.
(Yes, I know I write for them, but the coincidence of my one-year anniversary as a patient and still being alive got their attention specifically 🙂
Anyway, I wanted to highlight a few things in that interview that I think will be of great interest to you faithful followers of my blog. I don't think The 420 Times will mind if I quote myself 🙂 This first one is a DIY method of, essentially, mixing your own medicine from existing strains…and when I say “mixing”, I mean physically and literally mixing your ground-up cannabis:
…At times when I've found one strain to be lacking, I invent my own…What I do is take strains with known effects and physically combine them. For example, Purple Kush is good stuff, but it often makes me more sleepy than I'd like. I have some Casey Jones, which if I use on its own, gets me feeling a bit anxious and speeds up my heart rate. So I mix them together – one part CJ to 2 parts PK – and presto, I have a mixture where the two components cancel each other's side effects out.
And then there's My Theory:
For quite a while now, I've had a theory that cannabis, in small doses, tends to normalize your brain and body chemistry. This is borne out, at least in my experience, by the fact that I've had a consistent problem with mental “fog” and depression, that a consistent dose of a consistent strain has consistently helped me with. But now, the combined shock to my system of cardiac arrest, heart attack, and pneumonia has totally thrown my body out of whack, and I've found that I have to almost start experimenting from scratch. To me, that's just more proof that everybody needs a different mix of cannabinoids, depending solely on what you're physically and mentally dealing with.
I wanted to follow up on this one because, in the two weeks since the interview, my entire regimen went topsy-turvy. Sour Diesel stopped working its magic, and there was no longer such a thing as a “normal dosage”. Canna Caps that previously had a consistent effect of getting me to [3.5] every single time had no effect whatsoever…I had to take two to even feel them.
I had already reasoned that I had been “reset”, so I pulled out my old collection of two dozen strains and started vaping. Nothing seemed to work right. But then one day I had a “highdea” and said, “It's as if everything was turned upside-down”, so I started using indicas specifically (rather than my usual sativas). Eureka! I took more Canna Caps (which I had made from Purple Kush) at much higher doses than previously, and things started working again.
Lately I've been vaping a custom mixture of Sour Diesel, Purple Kush, and Casey Jones, again at much higher doses than before, and right now that seems to be working well. I suspect that my cannabinoid system was seriously depleted, and my body just really needed more cannabis to function properly!
A Waterloo Regional Police Service (WRPS) officer has been arrested for the fourth time this year, according to a release from WRPS.
The officer, a patrol supervisor assigned to North Division who has been with the force for 17 years, was arrested on Thursday by officers in London, Ont. They will remain in custody in that city until Monday, August 28 in advance of a bail hearing.
WRPS said the man has been charged with one count of criminal harassment and one count of breach of undertaking.
The officer was originally arrested on January 19 and charged with six counts of assault, one count of assault with a weapon and one count of sexual assault. Those incidents are alleged to have taken place between May 2013 and March 2015.
The officer was arrested again on February 2 and charged with breaching the terms of the January release.
On June 21, the officer was arrested again for allegedly breaching court orders in relation to the February release.
Waterloo Region Police said in its release the officer has been suspended with pay, under the Police Services Act of Ontario.
Police are not releasing the name of the officer, because they say the case is family-related and releasing any more details may identify the victim.
The Berlin label's first full-length compilation features new cuts from Rødhåd, Recondite, Alex.Do and more.
Tracklist
Berlin party and techno label Dystopian will release an eight-track compilation calledin late November.Dystopian is probably best known as the label home of German DJ/producer Rødhåd . Since they inaugurated the label with their debut 12-inch in 2012, Dystopian has put out well-received efforts from other core hometown associates like Recondite Alex.Do and Felix K marks the outfit's fifth anniversary.Most of the Dystopian crew appear on the forthcoming compilation, which will be released digitally and as a double-vinyl pack. Recondite, Don Williams and Italy's Distant Echoes appear on the first piece of wax, while selections from Vril, Alex.Do, Rødhåd and label newcomer Ron Albrecht occupy the second. All of the tracks are previously unreleased.A1 Recondite - People Wouldn't BelieveA2 Don Williams - Attack Ships On FireB1 Gotzkowsky - Shoulder Of OrionB2 Distant Echoes - Glitter In The DarkC1 Vril - Tannhauser GateC2 Alex.Do - Lost In TimeD1 Rødhåd - Like Tears In The RainD2 Ron Albrecht - Time To DieSoliloquy
About
My idea is a pretty simple one. I want to collect old, discarded, even broken watches, take them apart, and put the pieces back together in different ways to make new ones. I love watches, and especially old, vintage watches with mechanical movements. Everything about how they work fascinates me, and I want to share that fascination with EVERYONE.
Since cell phones have become so prevalent, people have stopped wearing watches so much, and I think that's totally lame. But also, why should we go out and spend lots of money on a new watch, when there are thousands and thousands of old watches out there already, just waiting to be worn and used again?
The thing people don't realize about mechanical watches is that they are like cars. They require maintenance in order to keep them running indefinitely. Just like you take your car in for a tune up, you need to take your watch in every couple of years to make sure it's still clean and well oiled and none of the parts are wearing out. But people don't usually do that, and so their watches break or stop running. And then they get put in a drawer somewhere and forgotten. So what we have is a massive stockpile of watches that can be used and made to run again, and all the parts are already there.
We don't have to spend time and energy making new parts and watches, because we can make entirely new and original watches out of what we already have. This way we can save the environment, and have something totally bitchin' to wear on our wrist at the same time!
Developer Summary:
GSB is a strategy/management/simulation game that does away with all the base building and delays and gets straight to the meat and potatoes of science-fiction games: The big space battles fought by huge spaceships with tons of laser beams and things going ‘zap!', ‘ka-boom!' and ‘ka-pow!'. In GSB you put your ships together from modular components, arrange them into fleets, give your ships orders of engagement and then hope they emerge victorious from battle (or at least blow to bits in aesthetically pleasing ways).
What We Think:
Strip away the Force, the trade routes, and the convoluted plot points, and you get down to the best part about running into the wrong guys in a dark, galactic alley: epic space battles. Gratuitous Space Battles gives you a budget and a handful of ship classes. The rest is up to you.
To be completely honest, my initial GSB experience was vexing to say the least. Sure, the ship designs were inspired, and the music set the Star-Trek-Wars-Midichlorian mood that the genre required, but upon sitting down and starting my first campaign, I was caught off-guard by the seemingly basic mechanics. It was simple enough: place your ships, divide up the resources allotted for the skirmish, and then launch into battle.
And that was it. This was not an RTS like Sins of a Solar Empire, nor was it turn-based or even truly a simulation like Sword of the Stars – it was just: set up, launch, sit back and watch in futility as my battalion was atomized in slow motion. I tried, in vain to affect something, but all I managed was to move my map left or right or zoom in and out.
So I called up my IGR buddy, The Indie Game Freak, to test out the online “multiplayer” experience – surely here the game would finally cough up its promise.
After some frustrated attempts to get into the same “Challenge”, we figured out the system required that one player set up the field parameters, basic fleet requirements and even ship deployment and then issue a challenge to the other player by virtue of their handle, and then the opposing player accepted the challenge, assembled a fleet within the challenge parameters and deployed their fleet in contest.
At this point we expected some good old-fashioned one-on-one combat where, like a turn-based strategy, we might see our follies, redirect or accommodate our missteps, and duel to the death. In fact, what we discovered is more like a tower-defense game for two where each side sets up what they intuit will cover the counter-deployment of their adversary and then sit back and watch the fireworks, except that in this tower-defense game, purchasing and adding units after the wave deploys is not an option.
Black Hole Sun Tzu
Additionally, we learned quickly that the online features of the game are not exactly what the average gamer has come to expect (note that misdirected “expectation” is a recurring theme here). Once we managed to get on the same page, we both launched our attacks. With their faster processor, Freak declared victory on their end while the battle continued to loop and swirl on my screen. Thinking we were still in a real-time head-to-head contest, I chalked up the delay to network lag, and watched for my imminent demise. To my shock, I also won the battle. Though we were both engaged in the same challenge, it had played out in two completely different ways. So what was going on here?
Turns out the game really does want to be a single-player game. The online challenges are more about establishing limits, amassing the best force you can be based on those limits, and opening it up to see who can take down your tweaked mega fleet. The so-called multi-player mode is really more of an addendum wherein your buddy is doing little more than customizing the enemy, and thus it plays out like a play-by-email game with the convenience of not having to search through your contact list. To be fair, the developer's site points out as much.
Space Lord Mutha Mutha
Had I packed it in at that point, I would have missed out on a game that rewards players who are patient enough to really drill down into the deep customization options and hammer out a decent strategy. Picking the right units is only a small part of it. Now where would you like to position them? Will you lead in with the fighters, or hold them behind the frigates? You'll need to set priorities for types targets using the sliders to determine what to hit first.
Despite the fact that a battle can encompass hundreds of ships, every one of those ships can be assigned tactical AI behaviors that in themselves offer a multitude options, which, when taken as a multiplication of defensive, repair, flanking, retreat or targeting tactics allows a seemingly infinite set of combinations.
If the thought of watching a battle unfold seems like a big waste of time, GSB has you covered. Just move your view to wherever the action is. Now watch as each individual ship lets loose its diverse payload of weaponry. The visuals erupt with a plethora of explosions, missiles, and laser blasts all criss-crossing as they lumber or speed towards their intended targets. Each and every hit is registered and can be reviewed at the end of the challenge. Considering the oftentimes huge number of ships onscreen, that's an impressive feat.
Thoroughly space-curb-stomp your adversary while minimizing friendly casualties and you'll be rewarded with Honor points. These can be traded in for ship upgrades, hulls, and playable races. There is a wealth of options to select from, and any ship you modify can be deployed in your next mission. Finding the right mix of speed, power and maneuverability is going to take a lot of work, and just when you've tweaked your fleet to the point of perfection, a space anomaly resident in the next challenge will nullify the effectiveness of your boosts. The best boosts and ships don't come cheap (unless you are playing The Swarm – see below), and battle provides your only currency.
With three expansion packs that include The Tribe, The Order and The Swarm, GSB adds even more variation and complexity. New alien races with their own strengths, weaknesses and peculiarities not only spice up but vastly expand strategic considerations. Interestingly enough, honor points must be earned and spent before being able to actually “unlock” these expansion ship types.
The Tribe
The Tribe introduces 11 new ships, the kinetic weapon type and enhanced repair modules. While their shield and armor strength are halved, their hulls are twice as tough; precisely the sort of change-up that will cause the road-weary GSB player to have to rethink everything.
The Order
The Order adds 10 additional ship styles, 4 new weapon types including the Radiation Gun that functions as a DoT, Nuclear Missiles, Firefly Rockets that offer normal cruisers an extra burst of speed and Anti-Fighter Limpet Mines that act as gum grenade style speed debuffs so that anyone can take a swing at the victim. This expansion also introduces some new ship bonuses and two new maps, but the fundamental gameplay remains otherwise identical to the original.
The Swarm
The Swarm is the the third and most recent expansion to the GSB universe, and once again presents ten new ship types, new ship equipment comprising disruptor beams for tearing through strong shield types, the new “nest crew” module that allows more crew in less space, and smart bombs for detonating all missiles (be they hostile or friendly) within their radius. Really these are just variations on a theme and beyond upsetting your comfort zone, do little else to modify gameplay. Living up to their namesake, Swarm fleets succeed by virtue of their low-cost, high population density tactics. They are the Zerg of the GSB battlefield. A pair of pretty new backgrounds…er…maps, round out the package.
Of course, the original game plus the three expansion packs can be purchased in the Gratuitous Space Battles Collector's Edition for only $24.99 – an absolute no-brainer, considering the core game alone costs $19.99 and the expansion packs are $5.99 when purchased separately.
Gratuitous Final Thoughts
GSB is not a game for casual players, unless by casual you mean that Dwarf Fortress is just another simulation game – because despite a tutorial stage, comprehending the very nature of the gameplay takes quite a bit of mental adjustment. What it is, however, is a game that will feed the obsessive compulsive statistician within, affording reams of data about every component of the battle, from every shot fired and the damage it caused, to graphs and percentile charts outlining what constructs achieved what damage ratios, to even the alarmed commentary of the respective vessels crew members as they realize they are irrevocably going up in flames.
This last feature can prove rather useful, as the dialogue affords hints to what may have gone wrong. If you have the time to review this commentary, then you may find clues to improving the outcome in future conflicts.
There is no storyline or even contextual setting whatsoever, but then again, with a name like Gratuitous Space Battles, why would you expect anything like a narrative campaign? The definition of “gratuitous” is “without reason,” after all. What you will find are “scenarios”, most relevant in the single-player mode, that consist of cool-looking space-themed wallpaper, and some prefab enemy combos to blow up.
What it does, it does very well. The game offers up a decent wealth of challenges, and once those are surpassed, the ability to issue and accept challenges will keep any budding strategist occupied. Ultimately, I felt as though it could be a fuller experience with a few elements to link it all up. If you think a game needs an all-star voice cast, and mo-cap cinematic cutscenes, keep moving; this title was never meant for you. However, if you're willing to take time with a relentless battlefield strategy title whose only real reward is the next looming ass-kicking, GSB brings the goods. You'll have to fight for them, but they're in there.
Rating:
As the US has acknowledged that the Islamic State group is a greater threat than Al-Qaeda, the White House is reportedly seeking domestic legal justification at home to use unlimited military force against the Sunni extremists in Iraq and Syria.
On Friday, the Obama administration said that the killing of American journalist James Foley by Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) militants amounts to a direct terrorist attack on the United States.
"We have seen them posing a threat to our interests in the region, to our personnel and facilities in the region, and clearly the brutal execution of Jim Foley represented an affront, an attack - not just on him, he's an American - and we see that as an attack on our country, when one of our own is killed like that," said Deputy National Security Advisor Ben Rhodes.
This comes a day after US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel stressed that the IS terrorist organization is so well funded and managed, that it “is beyond anything that we've seen. So we must prepare for everything.”
Now the White House is considering seeking domestic approval for military action and a mandate from Congress would do just fine, a senior administration official told the Washington Post.
Congress last time authorized such action over a decade ago, back in 2001 to fight Al-Qaeda after the 9/11 terror attacks, and then in 2002 to topple Iraqi President Saddam Hussein.
The options to defeat IS militarily the US government and Congress are discussing include: obtaining short-term emergency constitutional authority to protect US citizens on territory occupied by the Islamic State; gaining temporary War Powers Resolution authority to defeat Islamists in blitzkrieg military operation; and waging a full-fledged military campaign against IS militants to the bitter end.
It cannot be ruled out that Washington could launch airstrikes or other action in Syria, the official told the WP.
“If you come after Americans, we are going to come after you,” Rhodes said on Friday. “We're not going to be restricted by borders.”
The US is already using another option it has, a carte blanche for massive air strikes on IS positions throughout Iraq for 60 days, till early October. This has already helped Kurdish and Iraqi forces to take back the key Mosul Dam from Islamic State militants.
But according to the WP source, the Obama administration might go further. Contingency plans for broader airstrikes in Syria have been prepared for presidential review should Obama ask for them, and the intelligence community is trying to identify high-value targets among individual IS leaders.
Meanwhile Washington plans to continue supporting Iraqis and Kurds in their fight with the Islamic State, providing them with arms and training.
According to the official, while the administration is working to formulate a long-term policy, it is currently focused on driving the militants out of Iraq back to Syria, where they were originally fighting the forces of Syrian President Bashar Assad.
Although the US and Arab states of the Persian Gulf have been sponsoring Assad's adversaries in one of the bloodiest civil wars in the world of recent times, the Islamists that now form the backbone of the IS fighting force have been unable to finish off Assad's regime, mostly because of the significant popular support the Syrian leader enjoys.
Last year, with Russia's assistance, President Obama opted not to get the US involved in Syria militarily.
Obama's administration now has certain legal hurdles to cross before using the existing 2001 Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) against Al-Qaeda Authority for any military action against IS in Syria. Al-Qaeda announced last year that it had split with ISIS (now the Islamic State), citing its brutality towards Muslims and its declaration of an Islamic caliphate across Syria and Iraq.
“If you look back on the president's speech, they kind of foreshadows going to have additional AUMFs,” the official said. “It may be that this is the first case.”
SEOUL, South Korea — Reversing its earlier stance, North Korea on Friday agreed to a South Korean proposal to resume a long-suspended humanitarian program that arranges reunions of elderly relatives separated six decades ago by the Korean War.
President Park Geun-hye of South Korea raised the idea during a news conference on Jan. 6, suggesting that the reunions would be an important first step toward building trust and improving relations on the divided Korean Peninsula.
As recently as Jan. 9, North Korea had rejected Ms. Park's overture. It said the political mood was not right, citing — among other things — the joint military exercises South Korea plans to hold with the United States from late February through April.
On Friday, however, North Korea suggested that a new round of reunions could take place in the tourist resort at Diamond Mountain in southeast North Korea, according to the North's official Korean Central News Agency. It left it to the South to choose a date for the reunions “when the weather thaws.”
CANBERRA (Reuters) - Tobacco giant Philip Morris on Monday launched legal action against Australian laws forcing tobacco products to be sold in drab, plain packaging from late next year.
Australia's parliament has passed laws compelling cigarettes, pipe tobacco and cigars to be sold in plain olive packs from December 2012.
Tobacco export countries including Nicaragua, Dominican Republic and Ukraine have warned they may challenge under world trade rules, while tobacco companies including British American Tobacco and Imperial Tobacco, have said they may challenge the law in Australia's High Court.
Philip Morris said it had launched legal action that could trigger compensation claims worth billions of dollars.
“The Government has passed this legislation despite being unable to demonstrate that it will be effective at reducing smoking and has ignored the widespread concerns raised in Australia and internationally regarding the serious legal issues associated with plain packaging,” Philip Morris spokesperson Anne Edwards said in a statement.
The action is being brought by Philip Morris Asia Ltd, Hong Kong, the owner of the Australian affiliate, through a notice of arbitration under Australia's Bilateral Investment Treaty with Hong Kong.
The laws are being closely watched by governments considering similar moves in Europe, Canada and New Zealand, angering tobacco companies worried that they may set a global precedent and infringe on trademark rights.
The Himalayan nation of Bhutan banned the sale of tobacco outright earlier this year.
Australia's Health Minister Nicola Roxon, speaking after parliament's lower house approved laws already passed by the upper house Senate last week, demanded tobacco companies respect the will of the parliament.
“Plain packaging means that the glamour is gone from smoking and cigarettes are now exposed for what they are: killer products that destroy thousands of Australian families,” Roxon told reporters.
Roxon said while the tobacco industry was fighting to protect its profits, the government was “fighting to protect lives.”
The World Health Organization in 2005 urged countries to consider plain packaging, and estimated more than 1 billion are regular smokers, 80 percent of them in poor countries.
Industry analysts say tobacco companies are worried that plain packaging could spread to important emerging markets like Brazil, Russia and Indonesia, and threaten growth there.
Legal experts have predicted both legal and WTO challenges to fail, as intellectual property rights agreements give governments the right to pass laws to protect public health.
Conservative opposition MPs, while backing the laws, urged Roxon to accept a three month moratorium on prosecutions and the enforcement of heavy fines for small tobacco sellers to give them time to adjust to the possible impact on sales.
Australia already bans tobacco advertising, smoking in public buildings and the public display of cigarettes in shops. In some states, it is illegal to smoke in a car if a child is a passenger.
Australia wants to cut the number of people who smoke from around 15 percent of the population to 10 percent by 2018. Health authorities say smoking kills 15,000 Australians each year with social and health costs of around $32 billion.
Australia's tobacco market generated total revenues of around A$10 billion in 2009, up from A$8.3 billion in 2008, although smoking generally has been in decline. Around 22 billion cigarettes are sold in the country each year.
RELATED: Search Warrants in Damond Shooting Indicate Woman Slapped Patrol Car
"I don't understand why they're looking for bodily fluids inside their home," said Joseph Daly, an emeritus professor at Mitchell Hamline School of Law, referring to one of two recently-released search warrant applications.
"Whose bodily fluids are they looking for? Are they a suspect? I don't understand why they're looking for controlled substances inside their home. I don't understand why they're looking for writings inside their home. The warrant does not explain that to me."
RELATED: Police Commander: Noor's File Contains No Red Flags
"When I read that search warrant, I really cannot find probable cause to search their home," they continued.
According to court documents, investigators applied for the warrant on the following grounds:
The property or things above-described was used as a means of committing a crime
The possession of the property or things above-described constitutes a crime.
The property or things above-described is in the possession of a person with intent to use such property as a means of committing a crime, or the property or things so intended to be used are in the possession of another to whom they have been delivered for the purpose of concealing them or preventing their being discovered.
The property or things above-described constitutes evidence which tends to show a crime has been committed, or tends to show that a particular person has committed a crime.
Asked if that means the BCA considers Damond to be a suspect, spokesperson Jill Oliveira replied via email:
RELATED: Timeline of Fatal SW Minneapolis Shooting
"No, an individual involved in the incident."
Daly, who said they have served as a visiting professor at the University of Queensland in Damond's native Australia, believes concerned members of the public in both countries will be outraged by the BCA's request to search the home.
"It's going to cause an international incident," they said. "I mean the prime minister of Australia already talked about this case on international television, and I think Australians are going to go berserk if they think the focus is on this woman as a suspect."
According to court documents, investigators did not end up taking any evidence from Damond's home.
A LOOK AT GERMAN INFLATION
1914 - 1924
A "National Coin Week" exhibit by Joel Anderson
The inflation was triggered by a huge increase in the nation's money supply, caused in part by the heavy demands of the reparations placed upon Germany following its loss in World War I. Soon an inflationary mentality set in. Merchants would raise prices automatically. People would hoard goods, figuring the price would go up, thus causing shortages. The vast quantities of money were issued not only by the German central bank (The Reichsbank), but also by numerous communities, cities, states and companies, only compounded the inflation.
Much to the unhappiness of those who think they may have found a fortune in grandma's trunk, the money of this period is no longer valid. However it does from a fascinating collecting area where many items can be acquired at modest prices. Most notes sell for between $1 and $3 in average condition.
1914
10 Pfennigs, Copper-Nickel
Would buy ½ dozen eggs
or 2 ½ pounds of potatoes.
Bread is 13 Pfennigs for a 1 pound loaf.
The Copper-Nickel 10 Pfennigs was introduced in 1873 as part of the German Empires first unified coinage. It would continue to be struck until 1916,
WORLD WAR I STARTS.
GERMANY INVADES BELGIUM AND FRANCE
1916
10 Pfennig, Iron
Would buy 2 Eggs or 1 ½ Pounds of Potatoes.
Bread is 19 Pfennigs a loaf.
Due to the demands of the War, iron and zinc were substituted for Copper-Nickel in the 5 and 10 Pfennig coins.
HEAVY FIGHTING ALONG THE WESTERN FRONT RESULTS IN TREMENDOUS CASUALTIES ON BOTH SIDES WITH FEW TERRITORIAL CHANGES.
THE BRITISH USE TANKS IN BATTLE FOR THE FIRST TIME.
1918
½ Mark, Silver
Would buy 1 Dozen Eggs,
5 Pounds of Potatoes or a ¼ pound of Meat
Bread is 22 Pfennigs a loaf .
Because of coin hoarding caused by the war and increasing inflation, these silver coins rarely circulated. Germany would discontinue the silver ½ Mark in 1919.
KAISER WILLIAM II ABDICATES.
ARMISTICE IS SIGNED.
HOSTILITIES CEASE ON NOVEMBER 11, 1918
1919
50 Pfennig, Iron, issued by the City of Sinzig
Would buy a pound of Sugar or
4 Pounds of Potatoes
Bread is 26 Pfennigs a loaf.
This coin is part of an extensive series of coins and notes issued by various cities, towns, communities and companies that is commonly called "Notgeld".
Originally the notgeld issues were made to help relieve the coin shortage caused by the war and coin hoarding. Towns soon found that making "Notgeld" was an easy way to raise funds and many later issues were made to be sold to collectors.
A HARSH PEACE TREATY THAT INCLUDES HEAVY DEMANDS FOR REPARATIONS IS IMPOSED ON GERMANY
1920
1 Mark, Paper Money
Would buy ½ Dozen Eggs or a pound of flour.
Bread is 1.20 Mark a loaf.
The 1 Mark note, called a "State Loan Currency Note" was not backed by reserves or hard assets. It contains an embossed seal as an anti-counterfeiting device.
RIOTS TAKE PLACE IN BERLIN AND THE RUHR.
1921
50 Pfennig, aluminum.
Would buy 2 Eggs, 1/8 Pound of sugar or
¼ Pound of potatoes.
Bread is 1.35 Mark a loaf
The aluminum 50 Pfennigs was introduced in 1919 to replace the silver ½ Mark. It would be struck until 1922.
THE ALLIES OCCUPY DUSSELDORF AND OTHER CITIES BECAUSE OF ALLEGED DEFAULTS IN REPARATION PAYMENTS.
1922
(reduced image, click on image for full size view)
10,000 Mark January 19, 1922 Reichsbanknote
Image reduced approximately 50%, note size 210mm x 124mm
In early 1922 10,000 Mark would buy over 250 Pounds of Meat.
By the end of the year it would buy only 5 pounds of Meat.
In June bread is 3.50 Mark a loaf.
When first issued in January of 1922 this note was the highest denomination of circulating currency ever issued by the German government. It would soon become small change. The note is sometimes called the "Vampire Note" . If you look carefully, and have a good imagination, you will see a vampire on the neck of the German worker. This was said to represent the French sucking the blood from Germany through the war reparations.
BY AUGUST THE MARK BEGINS A COMPLETE COLLAPSE DUE TO HEAVY REPARATION PAYMENTS.
JANUARY 1923
500 Mark, Aluminum
Would buy 1 dozen eggs or a pound of flour.
Bread is 700 Mark a loaf.
This 500 Mark coin was the highest denomination issued for circulation by the German Government. Due to its rapidly decreasing value it rarely circulated.
FRENCH AND BELGIAN FORCES OCCUPY THE RUHR AND TAKE OVER MINES AND RAILROADS.
MAY 1923
500,000 Mark May 1, 1923 Reichsbanknote
Would buy about 40 pounds of meat.
Bread is 1200 Mark a loaf.
Suitcases, rather than wallets, were used to carry money.
JULY 1923
10 Million Mark July 25, 1923 Reichsbanknote
Would buy 12 Pounds of Meat or 7 pounds of butter.
Bread is 100,000 Mark a loaf.
To save printing cost and produce currency faster, the note was printed only on one side.
SEPTEMBER 1923
10 Million Mark September 2, 1923, German Railroad Note
Would buy about ½ Pound of Meat, 4 eggs or
2 pounds of potatoes.
Bread is 2 Million Mark a loaf.
The German National Railroad, along with many companies and towns issued their own inflationary currency as the German Government was unable to print money fast enough to keep up with the roaring inflation. As might be expected, these additional issues only further fueled inflation by increasing the money supply.
OCTOBER 1923
1 Billion Mark, October 20, 1923 Reichsbanknote
Would buy ¾ Pound of Meat, 3 eggs or 1/6 Pound of Butter
Bread is 670 Million Mark a loaf.
Upon being paid, workers would rush to stores to buy anything they could get, as they knew the prices would be higher in a matter of hours.
UPRISINGS, CAUSED IN PART BY THE CONTINUING INFLATION, BREAK OUT THROUGHOUT GERMANY.
NOVEMBER 1923
100 Billion Mark, Nov. 3 1923 City of Freital
On November 1 100 Billion Mark would buy 3 pounds of meat.
Bread is 3 Billion Mark a loaf.
On November 15 100 Billion Mark would buy 2 glasses of beer
Bread is 80 Billion Mark a loaf.
On November 15 a new currency, the Rentenmark was introduced. The Rentenmark was theoretically backed by all land and industry owned by the government. One new Rentenmark was worth a Trillion of the old Marks. Prices stabilized under the new currency, however the wealth of most of the nation's citizens had been destroyed.
1924
10 Rentenpfennig, aluminum-bronze
Would buy 3 Eggs or 2 pounds of Potatoes.
Bread is 35 Pfennigs a loaf.
ADOLF HITLER WRITE " MEIN KAMPF ".
For coins and notes of this period that are offered for sale, please visit our German Coins & Currency page at www.joelscoins.com/germany.htm
JOEL ANDERSON
INTERESTING WORLD COINS & PAPER MONEY
www.joelscoins.com
Joel Anderson
PO Box 365
Grover Beach, CA 93483-0365 USA Joel AndersonPO Box 365Grover Beach, CA 93483-0365 USA
phone 1 805 489 8045 fax 1 805 299 1818
email: orders@joelscoins.com
CLICK ON THE PAGE YOU WOULD LIKE TO VISIT:
The Wiggles: What are they doing to your kid's brain?
According to most experts, TV for kids is basically a no-no. The American Academy of Pediatrics recommends no TV at all for children under the age of 2, and for older children, one to two hours a day of educational programming at most. Various studies have linked greater amounts of television viewing to all sorts of problems, among them attention deficit disorder, violent behavior, obesity, and poor performance in school and on standardized tests. Given that kids watch an average of around four hours of TV a day, the risks would seem to be awfully high.
Most studies of the impact of television, however, are seriously flawed. They compare kids who watch TV and kids who don't, when kids in those two groups live in very different environments. Kids who watch no TV, or only a small amount of educational programming, as a group are from much wealthier families than those who watch hours and hours. Because of their income advantage, the less-TV kids have all sorts of things going for them that have nothing to do with the impact of television. The problem with comparing them to kids who watch a lot of TV is like the problem with a study that compared, say, kids who ride to school in a Mercedes with kids who ride the bus. The data would no doubt show that Mercedes kids are more likely to score high on their SATs, go to college, and go on to high-paying jobs. None of that has anything to do with the car, but the comparison would make it look as if it did.
The only way to really know the long-term effect of TV on kids would be to run an experiment over time. But no one is going to barrage kids with TV for five years and then see if their test scores go down (though I know plenty of kids who would volunteer).
In a recent study, two economists at the University of Chicago, Matthew Gentzkow and Jesse Shapiro, came up with a different way to test the long-run impact of television on kids—by reaching back to the distant past of the information age. When Americans first started getting television in the 1940s, the availability of the medium spread across the country unevenly. Some cities, like New York, had television by 1940. Others, like Denver and Honolulu, didn't get their first broadcasts until the early 1950s. Whenever television appeared, kids became immediate junkies: Children in households with televisions watched their boob tubes for close to four hours a day by 1950. And these programs weren't educational—no Sesame Street or Dora the Explorer. Nor were there any real restrictions on commercials during kids' shows (those came in the 1960s and ‘70s). There wasn't the same level of violence on television, but in terms of kids-oriented programming, Howdy Doody was about as good as it got.
The key point for Gentzkow and Shapiro's study is that depending on where you lived and when you were born, the total amount of TV you watched in your childhood could differ vastly. A kid born in 1947 who grew up in Denver, where the first TV station didn't get under way until 1952, would probably not have watched much TV at all until the age of 5. But a kid born the same year in Seattle, where TV began broadcasting in 1948, could watch from the age of 1. If TV-watching during the early years damages kids' brains, then the test scores of Denver high-school seniors in 1965 (the kids born in 1947) should be better than those of 1965 high-school seniors in Seattle.
What if you're concerned about differences between the populations of the two cities that could affect the results? Then you compare test scores within the same city for kids born at different times. Denver kids who were in sixth grade in 1965 would have spent their whole lives with television; their 12th-grade counterparts wouldn't have. If TV matters, the test scores of these two groups should differ, too. Think analogously about lead poisoning. Lead has been scientifically proven to damage kids' brains. If, hypothetically, Seattle added lead to its water in 1948 and Denver did so in 1952, you would see a difference in the test-score data when the kids got to high school—the Seattle kids would score lower than the Denver kids, and the younger Denver kids would score lower than the older Denver ones, because they would have started ingesting lead at a younger age.
From the 1966 Coleman Report, the landmark study of educational opportunity commissioned by the Civil Rights Act of 1964, Gentzkow and Shapiro got 1965 test-score data for almost 300,000 kids. They looked for evidence that greater exposure to television lowered test scores. They found none. After controlling for socioeconomic status, there were no significant test-score differences between kids who lived in cities that got TV earlier than opposed to later, or between kids of pre- and post-TV-age cohorts. Nor did the kids differ significantly in the amount of homework they did, dropout rates, or the wages they eventually made. If anything, the data revealed a small positive uptick in test scores for kids who got to watch more television when they were young. For kids living in households in which English was a second language, or with a mother who had less than a high-school education, the study found that TV had a more sizable positive impact on test scores in reading and general knowledge. Evidently, Bozo the Clown was better than we remember.
So, sure, you may cringe when your kid knows every word of the Wiggles' tune “Fruit Salad, Yummy Yummy!” That's understandable. Watching TV has taught them many horrible songs, and for that you will suffer. But maybe you don't need to feel too guilty about it.
I almost spent $10,000 to impress a girl. Almost.
Three years ago last month in June 2009, I proposed to my wife. From idea generation, coming up with a strategy, drafting a plan of attack, setting priorities, scheduling, budgeting, all the way to the execution and implementation, the entire "operation proposal" took several months and lots of brain juice. I wanted it to be special, I wanted it to be fun, and I wanted it to be something we could talk about for years to come.
I had several ideas for how I could "pop the question":
1. Propose while bungie jumping:
I'd always wanted to try bungie jumping, and it seemed like a great way to kill two birds with one stone. ;)
Problem: I sneakily poked around the idea of going bungie jumping to my fiancee-to-be, and quickly realized the problem with the plan. The likelihood of anyone saying yes to any type of proposal drops significantly when under stress. Bungie jumping isn't something they were particularly excited about, and I could already imagine them saying no a whole lot during the bungie jumping before I even asked the question. This idea had no future.
2. Propose on the train while going to Shibuya:
We lived in Toritsu Daigaku, which is about 10-15 minutes west of Shibuya on the Toyoko train line. The plan was to rent out all of the ad space in a carriage - the area above the head on the side of the carriage, and propose on the train while we were commuting into the center of the city.
Problem: Even though I was really excited about this idea, I quickly found out a huge hole in this plan before I even started looking into how to do it. If everything went to plan, I would surprise them on the train with pictures of us plastered all over the carriage, they would say yes, people around us would clap their hands, it would be great.
But here's the problem. This whole sequence would probably take 3 to 5 minutes. And then we would have had to deal with the awkwardness of being the center of the attention on the train for the remaining 10 minutes. It would be hugely uncomfortable, with the train stopping every other minute to pick up more passengers. The embarrassment would overtake the excitement and become the focus of the story in the years to come.
3. Propose at the Shibuya crossing:
The busiest and most exciting crossing in the world, Shibuya was our gateway to the center of Tokyo, a place where we go almost every day to meet up with friends, find new restaurants, and have crazy nights out. It's a place full of memories and seemed perfect for the proposal.
Shibuya Crossing in particular was the center of our universe. No matter what we did, we'd always start there, and come back to there at the end. There are three big TV display at the crossing on the buildings - if you've seen the poster for Lost in Translation, you've seen the one in the center - the one with the dinosaur on the poster.
This idea seemed to have legs. Now I needed to make it a reality.
The big TV display is one of the key components that makes the crossing so iconic and used in many films the world-over. I decided I want our pictures up there when I proposed.
But how to do it? All the ads I'd seen on those TV displays were, naturally, big brands - Coca-Cola, MTV, Nike. It wasn't clear how I could make this happen. My first reaction whenever I am in a similar situation is to spend hours and hours online searching for an answer. Unfortunately/fortunately, my ability to navigate the Japanese internet was severely limited by the tiny number of friends I had on Mixi (Japanese version of Facebook) and by my inability to read and type none-food-related Japanese. I had to find help outside of the Internet.
At the time, for one of our projects at work, my Japanese colleagues managed an outdoor display campaign. So I asked around and found out roughly how much a smaller outdoor TV display in a less busy area would cost. It was for an hourly 5-minute spot for a few days. Not exactly the same but it gave me an idea how much this might cost - the number was quite discouraging.
Nevertheless, I liked the idea and I wanted to find out more. I remembered a businessman from Adobe Japan who I'd been talking to for months on a deal. We had a business relationship, but we'd also had drinks outside of work a few times (to help with the negotiation of course - that's how things work in Asia). In one of our none-business conversations I had learned that they had worked for an outdoor TV display technology company prior to joining Adobe. Perfect! As soon as I remembered this, I contacted them to see if individuals could rent out ad spaces on the TV displays, who I should contact, how long the wait was, and how much it would cost.
They were excited about my plan and started making connections for me, handling all the communications with the various contacts they had. We found out that it is possible for individuals to rent these out, that the three TV displays at Shibuya Crossing operated separately, and the earliest spot available were synchronized ads that get displayed all at the same time across all three TVs. The good news was that we knew we could do it, and do it in time for the proposal (I didn't want to wait months.). The bad news - this was going to cost $10,000 (USD)!
Right. "No wonder you don't see these kinds of proposals more often", I thought to myself. Even if I had the budget to do it, I knew my hopefully-fiancee-to-be would not be amused when they found out how much this had cost.
But as I always believe, there must be a way. This was something that I really wanted, and I wasn't ready to accept it not being a possibility. I considered the options - maybe I could try to get just one TV at a slow time of the day/week, or shorten the air time, or find a sponsor, or... something. I asked my friend to keep looking and try different requests, and at the same time I reached out to a few Japanese friends for ideas.
A couple weeks went by and things didn't progress. My options were still $10,000 for a grand show, or no show at all. And then I got a text message from a friend who I was in the Sony orchestra with.
"message on TV display, FREE!"
Really?! I didn't believe the words. Free to put up any thing on the huge TV display in one of the busiest intersections of the world where millions of people walk past every day? I was sure they were mistaken. But nonetheless, I couldn't help but feel a little bit excited that I might just be able to propose the way I wanted.
So I called him, and they had found out that the company operating the biggest TV display at the crossing was offering a service to let people show short messages to their friends. They do this every day after 6pm, 5 minutes before each hour, until 10pm. I went to the crossing the next day at 6:50pm, waited to see if they did indeed show none-commercial messages, and they were right! All of the messages were text only and mostly happy birthday messages, but this was a good start.
At the end of these messages, there was the contact info for the company offering the service and I quickly jotted it down. My friend helped me communicate with the company in Japanese the week after, and asked if they could put a photo background with a text message over the top, were okay with a proposal message in English, and we then scheduled a date that worked perfectly.
I sent in the final request, photo, and everything else they requested. We were good to go! A personal message with a photo of me and my fiancee-to-be on a big outdoor TV display at one of the most famous intersections of the world, all at the cost of free.
Of course, no amount of planning was enough to prepare me for the actual moment. I downed a beer at a convenience store three blocks away from the crossing, tricked my confused lady to look at the ads on the TV display while I was waiting, got down on one knee when the photo and message appeared on the screen. The world stopped for a moment until they read the message, noticed I was kneeling on the floor, and screamed.
I used to drive past this huge billboard ad in downtown San Francisco when I commuted from East Bay to EA in Redwood Shore. On the billboard was Mohammed Ali in the ring with the words "Impossible is nothing." Maybe I was conditioned by this, to believe that wherever there is a will, there is a way.
It's a theory that can't be proved, but in my experience, if you look hard enough there is always a way. Always.
Probably why my now-wife calls me the "Yes-man".
(Picture of the TV display I took on the night of the proposal.)
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A ban on smoking in cars carrying children in Wales could be introduced by the autumn.
Ministers have announced that from October 1 people caught smoking in cars will face a £50 on-the-spot fine.
Health and Social Services Minister, Mark Drakeford said the ban, which is subject to the approval of Assembly Members, will protect children from the avoidable harms associated with exposure to tobacco smoke, which can lead to a range of chronic diseases.
What does it mean?
The new law would mean it would become illegal to smoke in a private vehicle with a child under 18 inside – but would also be illegal for a driver not to stop others smoking when an under-18 is in the car.
Those that refuse to pay the fine could end up in court – with fines escalating up to £800 – while a person convicted of failing to prevent smoking could be fined up to a maximum of £10,000.
On the spot fines were proposed late last year:
Welsh ministers held a consultation on the proposals to protect under-18s from second-hand smoke last autumn.
Huge public support
The government has said 84% of adults in Wales had agreed smoking should be banned in cars with children in a survey published in July.
There is strong support for the ban:
Second-hand smoke contains more than 4,000 chemicals, many of which are harmful.
Exposure has been linked to chest infections, asthma, ear problems and cot death in children.
First Minister Carwyn Jones says the ban would help give children the best start in life.
Decision welcomed
The British Lung Foundation has said the move is “a tremendous victory for the thousands of children being exposed to second-hand smoke every week.”
Ministers in Cardiff and London are aiming to ensure bans are introduced in Wales and England simultaneously.
Professor Drakeford said: “Children and young people have the right to breathe clean air and enjoy smoke-free environments.
“Protecting children from exposure to second-hand smoke will help give them the best start in life. Exposure to second-hand smoke is a substantial threat to children's health; it can leave them vulnerable to a variety of health conditions such as lower respiratory tract infections, asthma, middle ear disease and other serious infections.
“Introducing regulations to stop people smoking in cars carrying children will help us to do this.
What's your view?
poll loading Is banning smoking in cars a good idea? 0+ VOTES SO FAR YES NO
Protecting children
Wales' Chief Medical Officer, Dr Ruth Hussey said: “Children cannot escape from the toxic chemicals contained in second-hand smoke when travelling in vehicles.
“Changing the law to ban smoking in cars carrying children will protect them from the health harms associated with exposure to second-hand smoke in private vehicles, encourage action by smokers to protect children from second-hand smoke and lead to a reduction in health conditions in children caused by exposure to second-hand smoke.”
In Wales, 15% of children aged 10 and 11 – and 32% of children of smokers – are exposed to second-hand smoke in family cars.
ASH Wales said legislation is likely to “significantly reduce” the levels of exposure.
Standardised packaging
Elen De Lacy, Chief Executive of Action on Smoking and Health (ASH) Wales Cymru, said: “We are pleased to see the Welsh Government pressing ahead with regulations to prohibit smoking in cars when children are present. As with the smoke-free public places law, this is a popular measure that will largely be self-enforcing.
“Together with the forthcoming regulations on standardised packaging these regulations will help to de-normalise smoking and discourage children from taking up the deadly habit.”
Dr Amy Brown, Programme Director for the MSc in Child Public Health at Swansea University said the ban will help cut the risk of chest infections and asthma in children and sudden infant death syndrome for babies.
They said treating second hand smoke related illnesses in children costs the NHS across the UK around £25m a year.
Third-hand smoke
Dr Brown said: "Over 10,000 children are admitted to hospital each year due to the effects of second hand smoke and banning smoking in cars will help reduce this.
"Even smoking in a car when the children are not in it can have an impact on their health.
"Firstly it can take a couple of hours for smoke to actually clear properly from a car. Secondly we now know that there is such a thing as ‘third hand smoke' where the particles from the smoke collect on surfaces, particularly soft surfaces, such as car seats.
“They can remain there for months after a cigarette has been smoked and if a child puts their hands all over a seat like children often do, and then puts their hands in their mouth they will be ingesting those harmful particles."
You're doing it wrong! Chinese demolition men accidentally create the leaning tower of Liuzhou
Everyone likes to see a good video of a large building being completely reduced to rubble.
This video goes one better.
The footage, taken on December 30, shows a 22-floor residential building being demolished in the city of Liuzhou in southern China.
Scroll down for video
So far so good: The building in Liuzhou, southern China, seconds before the planned demolition
We're still ok: The initial blast successfully breaks the building into two parts
Er... that's not looking so great: Half of the building tumbles sideways in a cloud of dust
Best laid plans: The other half of the building remains standing - but leaning precariously to the side
But disaster is narrowly averted when the demolition goes wrong.
Instead of crumbling into a contained heap of rubble, half of the building crashes sideways to the ground, narrowly averting disaster.
Even more alarmingly, the other half is left still standing - but leaning precariously to the side.
Not quite as planned: Another view catches the moment half the building goes down while the other half remains leaning
Shoppers in Liuzhou carry on, unperturbed by the dangerously leaning building
In video footage, onlookers can be heard shouting in awe as the blast is carried out.
The demolition failed due to technical reasons, the China Daily reported. Experts had intended for the building to break in to two parts - but the rest of the experiment had, clearly, gone awry.
The building was being destroyed to make way for real estate projects.
No sooner had the sad news sunk in that The Croft is closing in May after more than a decade came the splendid news that in its place will come a new craft beer bar from the people behind The Lanes in Bristol and the Euston Tap and Holborn Whippet in that there London.
The last show at The Croft will take place on May 12. After that, most of the shows already booked in the venue will be hosted at the Exchange on Old Market run by the same owners.
A Croft statement said: “Having been involved with the venue for over 11 years this was a difficult decision to make, but we have had lots of good times and put on some great bands and club nights.
“We are confident that those of you who have worked with us in the past will know how emotionally attached we are to The Croft and that we wouldn't make a decision like this without good reason.”
There will soon be a good reason to return to 117-119 Stokes Croft, which will be opening as The Crofters Rights by July.
The new team promise cask, keg and cider, and if the Euston Tap model is anything to go by, there will be a lot of beer, with eight rotating cask ales, 20 keg beers and 150 bottled beers on at any one time.
The Euston Tap is situated in one of the gatehouses of a huge and now demolished Victorian arch at the entrance to Euston station. The other gatehouse is the Cider Tap, with eight keg ciders on draught.
A fine pedigree indeed to continue Bristol's craft beer revolution.
This week, members of the Alpha Chi Omega (AXO) Alpha Epsilon Chapter at the University of Pennsylvania decided to disassociate themselves from the Greek system with the intentions of forming a new, unaffiliated philanthropic organization. While Alpha Chi Omega will continue to exist on Penn's campus, a majority of the current members will no longer be affiliated. The motives behind our decision to disaffiliate are predominantly rooted in maintaining the structure of our philanthropy as well as our hope to thrive in a setting that the current Greek environment on campus does not support.
We had considered removing ourselves from Greek life in past years due to our dissatisfaction with some aspects of the structure and the inherent inequality of the system. Sororities are not permitted to host on campus parties like fraternities, in addition to being pigeon–holed into a tightly scheduled and regulated recruitment process while fraternities are given the flexibility and freedom to create their own system. These are examples of structural sexism in the Greek community. Despite many of our initial apprehensions to joining Greek life, we found a home amongst the vibrant, driven, and welcoming individuals that make up the sisterhood of 3906 Spruce Street, which made the oppressive aspects of Greek life easier to overlook. In addition, this fall we were told that, with its current structure, we would never again be allowed to host our annual philanthropy event, Big Man On Campus (BMOC), that raises over $18,000 for Philadelphia's only emergency women's shelter. However, other campus organizations, both Greek and non–Greek, continue to hold events extremely similar to ours without being challenged. By disbanding our Greek membership, we intend to host this event and support the women's shelter to the successful extent that we had as AXO members in the past.
More recently, six days after welcoming our new pledge class in January 2015, we began cooperating in an investigation conducted by the University against our organization. This process was inefficient, prolonged and incredibly damaging to our organization's morale. The document that we received, months later, with our suggested punishments stated that we were found guilty of alcohol possession and consumption at a sorority event. While we acknowledge and apologize for violating the University's and AXO National's policies on alcohol, the punishments we received were equal in severity to punishments received by organizations who were found guilty of far worse crimes, such as hazing. More importantly, the sanctions outlined a future for our organization that would significantly damage the strong and incredible bonds we have all established.
VPUL's webpage on Greek life promises that “Fraternities and sororities offer leadership opportunities that can challenge and prepare you for whatever your future holds.” We are incredibly grateful to the University and our former national organization for the support they have given us in the past by initially bringing us together and laying the foundation for our future friendships. It's because of the strong bonds we have already formed with one another that we are confident that we will continue to strengthen our sisterhood outside of the Greek system and use our shared passion for philanthropy to continue raising money and awareness for domestic violence. We hope that the Penn community continues to support us as the female leaders that have always existed beneath the letters that we no longer wear.
Sincerely,
Former Members of Alpha Chi Omega
Read one former AXO first-year student's personal story of their experiences with OFSL and what it means to go off campus. Also see more coverage on Alpha Chi Omega's decision from the Daily Pennsylvanian and Under the Button.
Comments
This new Appendix Rig is the most innovative of its kind!
Higher Quality Materials:
Holster is made from .093" Kydex/Boltaron connected to an IWB mag carrier "sidecar" by a flexible PVC coated Nylon segment and fastened using a combination of Melonite coated chrome Molly steel and Black 316 INOX Stainless Steel hardware.
Better Design:
This flexible piece, along with the side car mag carrier, is completely detachable for times when a back up magazine is not necessary. This gives you the option of carrying the AIWB Holster/Mag Carrier Combo without being overburdened by the weight of an additional magazine carrier when you don't need it.
Not only is this rig the most convenient on the market, it is also the most comfortable. The structure of the rig is curved inwards, with it's flexibility allowing it to adjust to any body shape for a comfortable fit. There are no hard edges against the body to cause any discomfort.
Along with the ability to take the additional spare magazine carrier off of the appendix rig, you also have the ability to adjust the ride height of the mag carrier. The mag sidecar can be moved up or down to the desired position of the carrier.
Material covers all the essentials, including the magazine release and trigger, as any holster should. Also featured is our Adjustable Military Grade Rubber Retention System that allows you to adjust the retention with a Philip's head screwdriver.
Lifetime Warranty!
Have a light or laser attachment? Check out our Light bearing Modular Appendix Rig!
Disclaimer: We understand that this set up is not ideal for reloading your magazine, nor is it the most concealable way to carry your firearm for some body types. This Holster and Mag Carrier Combination has been requested several times, which is why we have now put the rig up for sale. The lead time for all custom orders applies to this product.
How to Order:
Firearm:
Start by choosing your firearm model. We have two drops down menus that list each Manufacturer and Model in alphabetical order. If you don't see your firearm, we may not have that model available just yet. You can contact Customer Support to see if your model is available.
Holster Color:
The next step is choosing your Holster Color. We do provide swatches on the order form, but larger pictures can be found on our FAQ page here.
Draw Hand:
Choose how you'd like to carry the holster.
Belt Attachment:
Choose your desired belt attachment from the drop down menu, along with the corresponding belt size. 1.5" is the most common belt size. 1.75" is most common for tactical belts, and 2"-2.25" is common for duty belts.
Ride Height:
This is how your holster and firearm will sit in relation to the belt, vertically. A low ride height put the grip of the gun lower in the belt line. Be careful with a low ride height, as the grip of the firearm can become buried easily with a reverse cant angle. A mid ride height, which is the most common, will put the top of the belt in line with where the trigger guard meets the frame. The high ride height will put the holster higher up on the belt, giving you a full grip. To see the ride height and cant angle chart, scroll through the product pictures.
Cant Angles:
We offer many different cant angles conducive to every carry method. If you plan to carry at 12 o'clock, you'll want to choose a straight draw (0° cant). The forward cant angle tilts the grip up and forward and the muzzle backwards. A reverse cant angle tilts the grip down and back, the muzzle forward, or towards the opposite of your draw hand.
Custom Notes / Photo Upload:
This is where you'll want to bring any customizations up. We need to know about switched magazine release buttons, extended mag release buttons, suppressor height sights and other such modifications.
Getty Images
A 54-year-old man has sued Steelers offensive tackle Marcus Gilbert, saying that Gilbert body slammed them and broke their leg in a confrontation at Gilbert's home.
The man, Larry Parker, says in the lawsuit that they know many Steelers players and staffers, said the confrontation began at the parking lot of the Steelers' facility on January 11, when Parker was dropping off a Steelers staffer's car. Parker says they “voiced a jesting greeting” to Gilbert and then drove off.
According to the lawsuit, Gilbert apparently took offense to that “jesting greeting” and began sending hostile text messages to Parker. Eventually Parker went to Gilbert's house to discuss the matter, and according to Parker, Gilbert picked them up and slammed them onto the bricks outside Gilbert's home.
Parker says they suffered a broken leg, a back injury and needed surgery.  They are seeking more than $35,000 in damages. Gilbert has had nothing to say about the matter.
Margin Call's opening does nothing to dispel the long held public view of capitalist greed or reassign blame for the “shit-storm” of 2008's financial meltdown.
The opening act dominated by Stanley Tucci's cold culling, comes in the way expected, much in comparison to the dispassionate handling by Clooney's hatchet in Up in the air.
It's a dismissal straight from a template were nineteen years of service is summarily placed in a bankers box. It's a downsizing were a company protects its future by dispensing with the individual and quickly moves on with Kevin Spacey's entry to rally the troops and focus on regaining. Without lamenting for colleagues lost the capitalist machine fires up once more.
But as Paul Bettany's latterly made succinct re-balancing speech maintains the true reality, any peripheral view would be deemed dogmatic when looking in on a world far removed and alien to Joe Public whose pockets ultimately became shallowest.
Greed isn't good and the routine assigning of blame of fat cats may just be in need of a rethink when Bettany reversely blames a culture demanding fast credit, making capitalism necessary.
It's an argument to many other counterarguments that makes director J.C. Chandor's staging of events within a large investment bank, rubber stamping the crashing wave of the meltdown, so captivating.
Those events set over the course of two days and one atmospheric sandwiched night works hard to dramatize a familiar celluloid environment of projections and intricacies as Zach Quinto's genius risk assessor uncovers the departed Tucci's final legacy, an analysis of a business strategy doomed to fail. Some late night computing and factorisation conclude the undeniable prediction of financial meltdown.
With financial apocalypse imminent, a plan is devised to save the company and unquestionably send a virus out into the financial world that will bring global market crash.
And it's the moral dilemma of this action that makes this insular study of the complexities of the market and the people operating in it so compelling, not all are greedy and without conscience as first thought when ordering a fire-sale of toxic assets.
A rightly Oscar nominated screenplay just manages to bust all the jargon, laying out dialogue of quality that doesn't try to be too clever in conveying the enormity of events.
But it's not easy to always remain compelling with an equal pace throughout and few upsurges in drama making it a more measured procession towards fiscal doom.
The stimulus needed comes from an ensemble of some of the finest, delivering that play with clear gusto, understanding the significance, adding to the tension of the tight timescale of action.
Kevin Spacey reprises the similar corporate roles of Glengarry Glen Ross and slightly comparatively their comic turn in Horrible Bosses as the office trading manager whose personal journey procures some sympathy; detached in the first day of redundancies but later conflicted about the chosen course, fully mindful of the consequences.
Bettany has a bullish presence as a fellow office manager, equally brutal and considerate to the effects of meltdown to their protégés Zach Quinto and Penn Badgley and the world beyond ‘the street'; and too providing answers as to why brokers get paid so much and where it all goes, cementing the long held belief that whether rich or poor we all live to our means.
Quinto's former rocket scientist brings a commentary forwards that the real important and rewarding roles in the working world lye outside the glass halls of capitalism, but greed and gain draw on their genius when revealing their own motivations to choose this less rewarding but vastly better remunerating role; with their inquisitive nature revealing even more alarmingly for the outside world, that the ripples of meltdown are already in place, and have been for some time.
Ripples seemingly known to bigger bosses Demi Moore and Simon Baker whose egotistical battling highlights that's its even tougher at the top; Baker the most hardened and uncaring to colleague and global ramifications and perhaps the least developed protagonist.
But not so Jeremy Irons' stupendous uber boss, at first an intimidating lamens man dealing only in direct talk, used to getting their own way, repaying of loyalty and portraying that even at the removed top slim morality still exists, but ultimately decisive when pulling the pin of the toxic economic hand grenade.
Tucci bookends brilliantly, latterly in a revealing doorstep discourse about their bridge building past as a civil engineer , presenting a man of dignity in what is often portrayed (not just here) as an undignified working world; far prouder of their taken for granted legacy of service to time saving and weary of their part in the global greed machine.
Overall it's an exceptional and well-cast ensemble, essentially given stereotypical beasts to play, all expertly deliver fine dialogue without overplay while true to form.
With no shortage of visual flair, Margin Call's potentially mundane subject is directed with steady pace and purpose but inevitably falls (only) momentarily to the nature of such seemingly un-dramatic passages.
High rise panoramas give a rarefied view of the world below, as if the financial gods look down all powerful from on high, which may well be acutely true. The cool, glass metallic capture of office and high rise structures serves to convey the hard and cold world of broking.
The fire-sale finale is highly disturbing as the bait is cast and routinely gobbled up by the sharks in the wider financial market, again demonstrating the greedy, opportunistic culture of capitalism that means that this isn't the first time and likely won't be the last that the backside falls out of the boom = crash!
Media and governments tell us much of what happened, what caused the shit-storm of 2008, here, a perhaps truer account of what did happen is presented, while portraying the fat cats in many of the expected conventions that demonise, but on balance providing some of the rarer seen humanistic qualities that not all are unscrupulous. It may at least allow further food for thought when making your own margin call when deciding who to blame.
Advertisements
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: Wednesday, November 1, 2017 GLENDALE, ARIZONA - Arizona Coyotes President of Hockey Operations and General Manager John Chayka announced today that the Coyotes have recalled goaltender Louis Domingue and defenseman Dakota Mermis from the Tucson Roadrunners, the club's American Hockey League (AHL) affiliate. The Coyotes have also assigned defenseman Joel Hanley and goaltender Hunter Miska to the Roadrunners.
The 23-year-old Mermis has registered 1-2-3 with six penalty minutes (PIM) in seven games with Tucson this season. The 5-foot-11, 187-pound native of Alton, Illinois has recorded 6-22-28 and 139 PIM in 137 career AHL games with Tucson and Springfield.
The 25-year-old Domingue has posted a career record of 27-41-7 with a .906 save percentage (SV%) and 3.00 goals against average (GAA) and two shutouts in 84 games with the Coyotes. This season, the 6-foot-3, 210-pound netminder has registered a 0-6-0 mark with a .856 SV% and 4.33 GAA.
Hanley and Miska both did not skate in a game with the Coyotes.
I Ran a Big City Police Department. The Way We Train Cops to Use Lethal Force is Broken. "When it comes time to pull a gun or a trigger, the standards need to be the same from coast to coast."
Former Seattle Police Chief Norm Stamper knows what it is like to be at the center of a firestorm over police conduct. In 2000, when the World Trade Organization convention took over their city, Stamper's officers were criticized for their heavy-handed, and often violent, response to street protests.
Hundreds of peaceful protesters were arrested and rounded up along with those who had smashed store windows and destroyed police cars. Stamper resigned that year.
Since their resignation, Stamper has become a vocal proponent of police reform. Last month, they published “To Protect and Serve: How to Fix America's Police,” which outlines their vision of police forces trained to meet national standards, gleaned from more than three decades of experience in the uniform.
Stamper says police shootings, like those of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile, are further evidence that change is urgently needed. They say the prevalence of guns in American society contributes to the distrust that has grown between the police and the communities they patrol — a point President Barack Obama addressed this weekend, speaking in response to the fatal shooting of five Dallas police officers.
Here is Stamper in their own words, as told to Kerry Shaw of The Trace.
When I heard about Dallas, I felt heartsick. I don't have a television, but I'm online a lot, and the alerts started pouring in. These were police officers, selected for the color of their skin.
The other thing that went through my mind was that this will be a huge setback to Black Lives Matter. A number of police officers around the country have been condemning the movement for months. I've even seen links from various police groups talking about how disgusting it is. They've countered with Blue Lives Matter, and that is a movement now.
So what we have is polarization, and polarization is never good. It's worse now than it was before the Dallas shootings.
I was also concerned that the shootings by police that happened before Thursday night's assassinations would get lost, and that as a country we'd forget that people are hurting and it's not just cops.
As we watch these shootings unfold, repeatedly, on a dashcam of a police car or an iPhone video, we're left with the impression that police officers do not — and this is a sweeping generalization — place sanctity on human life. They're too quick to pull the trigger. We've seen too many [shootings] that didn't have to happen, where there was minimal risk to the officer. That's causing enormous anger and terrible sadness in the African-American community and other segments of our society. Many cops are also disturbed by this, but they don't speak out as much as they should.
The Supreme Court has made it very clear that the only time a police officer can use lethal force is when your life or the life of another is at imminent risk. We have 18,000 law enforcement agencies. That's 18,000 different policies for determining imminent risk, 18,000 different sets of procedures and tactics. The room for different interpretations, even within a police station, is substantial.
Since Ferguson, some agencies have really bolstered their training in de-escalation, but many have not. Some are full-blown military stress academies.”
Wouldn't it be nice if every cop and every citizen could know what the actual practice was for lethal force? Or for stop-and-frisk or search-and-seizure? When it comes to stopping an American on the streets, or when it comes time to pull a gun or a trigger, the standards need to be the same from coast to coast.
Right now we don't have any national standards for policing. Instead we have a patchwork of policies, with wide variation in training, supervision, and performance evaluation. I think the average citizen would be surprised to know how unsupervised one of the most delicate and dangerous jobs is.
The process of setting and enforcing the standards should be done at the federal level in conjunction with local agencies. Each agency needs to have sufficient muscle to say, “We'll certify every cop, we'll certify every agency. Oh and by the way, in extreme situations, we'll de-certify any cop or agency.”
If you get de-certified as a police officer, don't even think about applying across town. You've forfeited your right to be a police officer.
Stay Informed Subscribe to receive The Trace's newsletters on important gun news and analysis. Email address The Canon Sent every Saturday. Our guide to the week's most revealing, must-read reporting on gun issues.
The Daily Bulletin Sent weekday mornings. Get up to speed with The Trace's latest articles and other important news of the day. Leave this field empty if you're human:
In creating those standards, we'd have to reach some consistency in training. Now we typically provide many hours of firearms training but very few hours of training in de-escalation. Since Ferguson, some agencies have really bolstered their training in de-escalation, but many have not. Some are full-blown military stress academies.
If you want police officers to act like soldiers — and I'd hope that we don't, but rather as true domestic peacekeepers, partnered with their communities — then the last thing you'd do is train them under a militaristic model.
An academy should pose challenges, but those ought to be structured simulations of what police officers encounter in the real world — people pulling guns on you, knives on you, calling you names. You want police officers to be self-confident people.
We can also dramatically improve training so that a cop can understand how their body reacts in a stressful, ambiguous situation: like when there may be a gun, or when a baby has entered the scene at the same time as a gun. These are shot/don't shoot scenarios that are likely to occur on the job. Right now we do these simulations once in training. Maybe we bring someone in a second time if they made questionable choices.
Of course, guns play a big role in all this. They put another level of pressure on police officers. Guns make it all the more evident that the next domestic violence incident or barroom brawl could have someone packing heat. Guns make police officers hyper vigilant. And a scared cop is a dangerous cop.
Fear, more than anything, distorts perception. It causes individuals to see things that aren't there. It can cause them to experience tunnel vision. They'll focus on the threat at the expense sometimes of everything around it. Often tunnel vision will not allow you to see an innocent bystander. It will not allow you to recognize that you have an opportunity to take cover, that you don't have to stand there, exposed to someone with a gun.
I am extremely disturbed by the proliferation of guns in the country, and most major city chiefs feel the same way I do.
We need true community policing. I'm envisioning a system where citizens are invited to participate in hiring and instructing new police officers. They'd also be involved in police oversight. (I avoid using the word “civilians,” as it creates the mindset that police officers are soldiers.)
And, finally, we have to find a way to end the drug war. By definition, you don't fight a war without enemies. And that's what we're doing, and we're targeting people of color in wildly disproportionate numbers. And then we wonder why there's such a strain on the relationships between cops and young black men.
And you could say, “Oh, they're breaking the law.” Well, so are young white men. But black men are being targeted at disproportionately higher rates.
We know prohibition didn't work, and that was very similar to the war we're now waging against illegal drugs. We've spent $1.3 trillion since Nixon declared drugs “public enemy number one” and we have incarcerated tens of millions of people – that number needs to sink in – for nonviolent drug offenses. And what do we have to show for it? Drugs are more available, more potent, and more accessible to our children. It's been a colossal failure.
[Photo: AP Photo/Richard Drew]
There seems to be a kind of cycle in whether our code runs locally (aka client-side), or remotely (aka server-side).
The very first computers executed their programs locally. As these machines where far too costly for any individual to own, a way of sharing a single computer between multiple persons was sought after.
An early solution consisted of a central server (a mainframe) to which various ‘dumb' terminals were connected. In this setup applications executed completely on the server. The client basically sends a character stream with special character codes representing various signals, while the server does the same but in the opposite direction.
This purely text based approach was later extended into the graphical realm by among others the X-Window system. Here a single powerful computer, but witout any graphical capabilities, was shared between a number of users working on an X-terminal. This was still a rather dummish machine that didn't execute any local applications, but which did run a graphics stack. Applications running on the server send fairly low-level graphics commands, while the client sends events like mouse movements back.
As computers became smaller (a PC sized machine was called ‘micro size' back then) and cheaper (20.000 was cheap for a computer), they started to become affordable for people to own, hence the name “personal computer”. This started the big switch back to local applications.
As personal computers became more and more powerful, more and more applications started running on them. Eventually a new PC was an order of magnitude faster than many servers companies had running, which were mostly doing little more than functioning as ‘dumb' fileservers.
But then the Web happened. At first it was mainly about static pages containing mostly text and a few hyperlinks. Slowely however web sites evolved into web applications; true applications instead of ‘documents', that executed on the server. Just like the old text based terminals, the client was a fairly ‘dumb' thing; it still mainly rendered text but had some simple graphical components like input fields, buttons and dropdowns. Instead of continously sending characters to the client as the server for text based clients did, the web server send complete screens, which we quickly learned to call ‘pages'.
Compared to the desktop toolkits of the time this was a major step back in both user experience and programming model. Gone were the neat looking applications with their careful adherence to the look and feel of the guidelines setup by the OS on which they ran. Gone was the ability for the programmer to attach event listeners to widgets and push updates to one or more views.
But everyone loved the comeback of server-side computing. Zero local installation overhead, always the latest version of an app, accessing your applications and data from every computer with a browser and a wide range of collaboration options where all undeniable benifits.
Over the years technology advanced considarably. Browsers got much more powerful when javascript, css and Ajax where invented. The programming model was much improved when server-side frameworks like JSF, ASP.NET and Ruby on Rails were invented and subsequentially improved. A little over a decade after the first web applications, both the rich look and programming model of the old desktop apps was slowely appearing on the web.
But then mobile and app stores happened. Where fast and continously available Internet connections have become common place on the desktop, this usually isn't the case for mobile devices. Additionally, even with all the advances made on the web, there still isn't something like a common styleguide, HIG, or whatever for web applications. Since there is no single owner of the web such rules would be impossible to enforce anyway.
So, this made Apple to start a kind of ‘desktop' revival for its iPhone platform. On the iPhone, many popular web applications have a so-called native client app. Compared to traditional client applications these are more of a hybrid between client and server apps. They are a true local application build with a (modified) desktop toolkit, but they get most of their data directly from a server-side backend. This completely cuts out HTML and most or all parts of the web layer of server-side frameworks. A little after Apple initiated this, Google adopted a similar approach for its Android platform.
As an interesting sidenote, this programming model is nearly identical to what Sun defined many years ago: local Swing client applications that talked to server-side EJB beans. Indeed, the first EJB version was purely a remoting technology and things like stateful session beans make much more sense for remote clients than they typically do for client code running on the same server (it's roughly equivalent to the HTTP session). This early attempt was however missing two critical elements: the app store concept and a remoting protocol that works nicely on the Internet and between firewalls (EJBs native RMI/IIOP requires a number of ports that are almost always blocked and to add insult to injury requires a different open port on the client to communicate back).
Recently there's another variant on the hybrid client-side/server-side approach emerging and that's the browser based client application using ‘native' browser technologies like Javascript and increasingly HTML5. Indeed, Javascript has matured to such a level that full-fledged client applications can now be written using it.
With GWT Google has an interesting take on this approach were the client-side application is written in Java, but then compiled to Javascript for execution in the browser. To the user it looks pretty much like visiting a website, but it's actually a client application that is running in the browser and communicating with the server. Unlike many client apps, GWT apps often don't communicate via REST to web services (e.g. JAX-RS), but use a proprietary (though opensource) protocol called GWT-RPC.
So which of the many models is going to be dominant in the future?
The native client app currently dominates on mobile, but doesn't really seem to catch on at the desktop at all. Even on mobile the question is whether HTML5 apps aren't good enough. The disadvantage of native apps is obviously that it requires a seperate development effort for all supported platforms. On the other hand, web standards evolve slowely, are full of compromises and are more often than not incompletely implemented, while native toolkits are being worked on by relatively small groups of professionals who don't need to compromise as much if at all.
But server-side web frameworks should definitely not be counted out yet. Many of them are very actively being improved. A specific advantage of web frameworks is that they integrate much better and more natural with the other server-side layers. There is often better support for conversion and server-side validation (which even if the client already does, always has to be done at the server as well). As e.g. JAX-RS, which is often used to let client apps talk to a Java backend, gets more direct support for validation client apps may catch up a little, but for the time being a web framework like JSF simply has more options here. Additionally, web frameworks can more easily use a large amount of libraries without the need of downloading those to the client. This can be a technical advantage as well as a legal advantage. Furthermore, with techniques like AJAX, reverse AJAX and Javascript based advanced widgets, the difference between browser based client apps like GWT and server-side web frameworks like JSF is somewhat minimized.
In the medium to long term, with an increasing distrust in big online companies, the cycle may also swing to the other side once again: a complete return of true client side applications without any embedded connectivity to the server of the company operating that app. Instead, sharing data would be done explicitely by mounting network drives again.
It'll be interesting to see how things will evolve.
Advertisements
0 Feds: 5 arrested in prostitution ring being operated by illegal immigrants
CANTON, Ga. - Police in Cherokee County say they've busted a house of prostitution operated by illegal immigrants that was around the corner from the Canton Police Department.
Channel 2's Berndt Petersen questioned the owner of the Canton home on Tuesday. The owner said they rent the place out and told Petersen one of the suspects who was arrested had lived there for a year.
Archer Street is a mostly residential road around the corner from Canton police headquarters.
Canton investigators are now comparing notes with surrounding counties. WSB-TV
There are shops and professional offices on both sides of the street, but employees that Petersen spoke with Tuesday said they had no idea what was going on in the small house halfway down the block.
"I can't believe that. Oh my God! I would go out there by myself to throw out trash all the time," office worker Chandra Richardson told Petersen.
On Monday afternoon, local, state and federal authorities raided what they said was a house of prostitution.
Five people were arrested on charges that include prostitution and pimping. Detectives said none of those arrested were American citizens.
Officers told Petersen that one of the suspects is a taxi driver.
TRENDING STORIES:
"Yeah, we believe they were shuttling people to and from the place and just being involved. They knew what was going on," Officer Pacer Cordry, with the Canton Police Department, said.
The landlord, who owns the house, lives a couple of doors down.
They would not go on camera but told Petersen they had no idea anything illegal was going on there.
They said the tenant always paid their rent on time and always paid with cash.
People who have lived in the neighborhood for years were stunned.
“That's crazy, absolutely crazy. I can't believe it. That's not something I would have thought of," neighbor Lacey Perry said.
Police said they're checking with authorities in neighboring counties. They suspect there may be other operations like this one run by illegal immigrants.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
• Ivory Coast defender has already been subject of two offers • Koné's arrival could see Sebastián Coates leave Sunderland
Sam Allardyce is awaiting an answer from the Lorient defender Lamine Koné after Sunderland's on-off pursuit took a fresh twist.
Transfer window: Alexandre Pato set to complete Chelsea move – live! Read more
The Sunderland manager has twice ended their interest in the 26-year Ivorian this month with the Black Cats initially cooling on a £5m deal and then negotiations breaking down on the other side of the Channel after a loan move had been proposed.
However, the transfer has been resurrected with the Lorient vice-president Alex Hayes confirming that the club had received a bid it “couldn't refuse”.
Hayes told Ouest France: “Sunderland have come back with a firm offer that we couldn't refuse. The ball is therefore in Lamine Koné's camp. They have to make their decision in the coming hours.”
Allardyce has signalled their intention to bring in another defender and an attacking player before the end of the transfer window having already signed Jan Kirchhoff, Dame N'Doye and Steve Harper.
Sunderland are also monitoring full-back Mathieu Debuchy's situation at Arsenal as they look for regular club football before this summer's Euro 2016 finals, although they face a battle with fellow Premier League strugglers Aston Villa if they are to strike a loan deal.
A successful swoop for Koné could see the Uruguayan defender Sebastián Coates leave Wearside with the former Liverpool player understood to be the subject of talks with the Portuguese club Sporting Lisbon.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 1, 2016, 9:23 AM GMT / Updated June 1, 2016, 9:58 AM GMT By Alastair Jamieson
At least 20,0000 children are trapped in Fallujah with limited food and water as coalition-backed Iraqi troops fight to retake the city from ISIS, the U.N.'s children's agency warned Wednesday.
UNICEF said food and medicine are running out and clean water is in short supply in the Islamist-controlled city, about 40 miles west of Baghdad.
Iraqi government troops — backed by air support from the U.S.-led coalition — launched a military operation over a week ago to recapture Fallujah, which has under ISIS control since 2014.
Very few families have been able to flee the city since the start of the offensive, UNICEF's Iraq representative Peter Hawkins said in a statement.
“Most have moved to two camps while others have sought refuge with relatives and extended families,” they said. "At least 20,000 children remain trapped in the city.
They called on all sides to provide safe passage for those wishing to leave.
Related: ISIS May Be Using ‘Human Shields' in Fallujah, U.N. Warns
“As the violence continues to escalate in Fallujah and across Iraq, we are concerned over the protection of children in the face of extreme and rising danger,” Hawkins said. “Children face the risk of forced recruitment into the fighting, strict procedures for security screening and separation from their families.”
The U.N. has already raised concerns that ISIS has been using families as human shields.
Brig. Yehya Rasool, the spokesperson for Iraq's Joint Operation Command, told NBC News Wednesday that troops had liberated the district of Nuaimiya, about two miles south of the city now will continue their advance towards areas closer to the center of Fallujah.
"In the north, Iraqi forces were able to storm into Saqlawiyah, 5.5 miles from the center of Fallujah, after heavy clashes," they said. "The fighting to retake over the district is still going on."
The fight for Fallujah is expected to be protracted because ISIS has had more than two years to dig in. Hidden bombs are believed to be strewn throughout the city, and the presence of trapped civilians will limit the use of supporting airstrikes.
Fallujah is the last major urban area controlled by ISIS in western Iraq. It still holds the country's second-largest city, Mosul, in the north, as well as smaller towns and patches of territory in the country's west and north.
Move over Carson Kressley. A new celebrity shopper has emerged!
The attention from Jeanne Cummings's much-talked-about Politico story has naturally focused on the $150,000 in luxury clothing purchased for Sarah Palin at Neiman Marcus, Sak's Fifth Avenue, and Barney's. What hasn't yet gotten any attention is who bought it for them But buried in the same FEC disclosure form that revealed Palin's taste for the fine life is the name of the man who appears to have been their personal shopper: Jeff Larson.
Under FEC regulations, the RNC must file what is called a “Schedule F form,” which lists “expenditures made by political committees or designated agents(s) on behalf of candidates for federal office.” This is presumably the same document from which Cummings drew for their story. Here's a blow-up of the RNC's most recent Schedule F. I've circled the controversial purchases—and the apparent purchaser—in red magic marker.
Along with the matching dates and dollar totals, note the “Transaction ID Number,” which clearly connects the questionable expenditures with reimbursement payments made to Larson. (To totally wonk out for a second, the “m” stands for “memo,” which is included to provide an additional explanation of the transaction—basically, it links a disbursement with whatever was purchased.)
Rush Limbaugh was inducted into the Hall of Famous Missourians yesterday, but the whole affair seemed strangely cloaked in secrecy.
The AM talker was ushered into an invite-only ceremony that took place behind closed doors inside the State Capitol's House chambers, "which were locked and guarded by armed members of the Missouri Highway Patrol while the ceremony took place," according to the Kansas City Star. Democratic lawmakers were banned from the induction.
A bust of Limbaugh, a Cape Girardeau native, was unveiled at the Hall of Fame ceremony. But for the first time in memory the chamber galleries were closed to the public. And the Republican Speaker of the Missouri House, Steve Tilley, who selected Limbaugh for the honor, gave the media just twenty minutes notice before the event took place.
The hush-hush nature of the event, which more closely resembled a clandestine political event than a feel-good acknowledgement, likely stemmed from the extraordinary controversy the selection sparked. Owing to Limbaugh's growing toxicity outside the narrow confines of right-wing talk radio, the backlash to the Missouri announcement was swift and fierce, coming as it did directly on the heels of Limbaugh's searing Sandra Fluke controversy.
The local chapter of the National Organization of Women sent hundreds of rolls of toilet paper to Tilley's office as part of its "Flush Rush" campaign. The state's Democratic governor and U.S. senator both denounced the choice of Limbaugh, and more than 35,000 people signed a petition condemning the decision to add Limbaugh's bust to a collection that includes Missourians Harry Truman and Mark Twain.
Despite the protests, the induction took place on Monday. In secret. It turns out using government employees (i.e. law enforcement) to keep the public at bay while the taxpayers' (Republican) representatives honored a talk show host wasn't the only bout of irony that hovered over the Limbaugh event.
There was this one, too [emphasis added]:
Democrats oppose honoring Limbaugh, citing, in particular, their recent comments calling a female law student a "slut" after they testified in favor of health insurance for contraception. Rep. Stacey Newman, D-Richmond Heights, said Tilley asked them and a few other Democrats "to be on our good behavior" at the upcoming induction.
Missouri Republicans were under siege for their decision to honor misogynist Rush Limbaugh in the wake of their three-day sexist rant against a law school student. So in hopes of avoiding a public spectacle, the Republican leader had urged Democrats to behave themselves during the Limbaugh ceremony. (A ceremony from which Democrats were eventually banned.)
Because Limbaugh always extends the "good behavior" courtesy to their adversaries, right??
Give us a break.
Like when they compared teenager Chelsea Clinton a dog, likened Hillary Clinton to "Nurse Ratched," ridiculed the current president as "Imam Obama" and called them "uppity," claimed Michelle Obama is not a "decent" American, denounced all the "lard-ass women" in politics, and mocked underprivileged children as "Wanton little waifs and serfs dependent on the state."
You mean that kind of good behavior?
Rush Limbaugh's entire radio career revolves around their willingness to be an unrelenting jackass. But when Republican politicians foolishly decided to honor their nasty name-calling, it's Limbaugh's opponents who are supposed to mind their manners so the talker doesn't feel uncomfortable, or worse, isn't publicly confronted with their own hate rhetoric?
That's called dishing it out but not being able to take it. And that's how bullies like Limbaugh prefer it.
Last week, Ars published a story about the newest version of SteamVR, a virtual reality system made by Valve Software. The piece includes interviews with game designers praising the new system as well as writer Sam Machkovech's own experience using SteamVR at Valve's office in Bellevue, Washington.
For VR enthusiasts, it was all good news—but the article got some surprising pushback.
On June 16, Ars Technica was contacted by IMAX Corporation. The company said our story required a retraction because it included a brief reference to IMAX—included without IMAX's permission. "Any unauthorized use of our trademark is expressly forbidden," IMAX's Deputy General Counsel G. Mary Ruby wrote in a letter (PDF)
The letter is surprising in several ways. First of all, the article isn't about IMAX. The single reference to IMAX in the story is a quote from Alex Schwartz, a game designer interviewed by Machkovech. Schwartz predicted that SteamVR could take off with consumers despite the fact that the room-sized system takes up a lot of space. "It's like saying, 'I have an IMAX theater in my house,'" they told Machkovech. "It's so much better that we can get away with a cumbersome setup."
In other words—Schwartz thinks SteamVR is awesome, and to express its awesomeness, they compared it to IMAX, another thing they clearly think is awesome. Their quote was made part of the story's headline.
Apparently IMAX didn't appreciate the compliment, though. In their letter, Ruby apparently sees Schwartz's statement as something of an insult to IMAX. They write:
We believe that your incorrect reference to IMAX when describing this product is misleading to readers as we do not believe that it is possible for a virtual reality system to replicate the experience of an IMAX theater, which is provided by cutting edge projection and sound technology on screens up to 35.72 metres. We request that all future articles regarding this "room-scale" virtual reality system make no reference to our registered trademark.
Really... where to begin?
No retraction
First of all, this isn't a story about IMAX, and it contains just one (nice!) reference to IMAX. The statement wasn't Ars' speech at all, but one that an Ars writer chose out of many possible interview quotes. But that's all a bit of an aside, because the important point is that despite Ruby's fantastical interpretation of what a trademark means, we're actually allowed to say whatever we want about IMAX. I can say IMAX screens look like SteamVR, or that they look like my 47" Vizio TV, or that they remind me of purple bunnies. We can review IMAX directly, we can compare it to other products, we can love it, we can hate it—all without IMAX's permission.
The standard in trademark law is to determine whether there's infringement by detecting whether there would be a "likelihood of confusion" between two products. But again, we're very far away from that test here. That standard would only apply if we were selling movie tickets; there are no consumers who confuse reading an article about virtual reality with going to the movies.
IMAX's letter is part of a disturbing trend in which some companies believe that owning a trademark actually allows them to control any speech about their product. Too many examples abound already of trademark owners that believe they're entitled to control how movies and TV shows portray their brand . IMAX has taken that to the next level here, believing it is entitled to literally silence someone speaking to a journalist because the name of a corporation happened to slip out of their mouth.
As a side note, IMAX's own licensing practices have muddied their brand over the years far more than any Ars Technica article could. For years now, people have been noticing that IMAX means very different things in different theaters. Consumers keep getting charged IMAX-sized prices for disappointingly small IMAX screens, some of which aren't even 25 percent of the size of the big IMAX screens that first set the standard. IMAX has watered down its own product, necessitating the "up to 35.72 meters" language used in its letter to Ars.
In case it isn't obvious at this point, we're declining to make the asked-for retraction. I wanted to call Machkovech to badger them for an on-the-record interview for this story because he's a fun guy to badger, but they were busy covering E3 events. So instead, they sent me a cagily worded e-mail. Going forward, Machkovech "plans to never patronize a branded, large-format theater again."
Update: IMAX has apologized for the letter.
Artist's rendering of Eris, announced in July 2005 by Mike Brown of Caltech. It is more massive than Pluto. The sun is in the background.
Strangeweather on the icy dwarf planet Eris could be causing changes that scientistsare now seeing at the methane-ice surface of this distant object in our solarsystem.
Eris is thelargest known solar-system object beyond the orbit of Neptune. It is larger thanPluto, with a diameter of ranging somewhere between about 1,490 miles and1,860 miles (2,400 km and 3,000 km).
A team of researchersexamined data on Eriscollected from the MMT Observatory in Arizona. They specifically looked atconcentrations of methane ice based on light-reflection and absorptioninformation.?
Theirresults show possibly nitrogen ice mixed in with the methane ice covering Eris' surface. And the relative amount of nitrogen ice increases with depth into theice, they found.
Here's whatthe researchers think is happening:
Currently,Eris is at its farthest distance to the sun, called aphelion, along its about560-year orbit, meaning the planet is nearly 100 astronomical units (AU) fromthe sun, or about 9 billion miles (14 billion km). Along its orbit, Eris sweeps asclose as 38 AU to the sun when at perihelion.
Due toEris' tilt, a different hemisphere faces the sun when at perihelion andaphelion.
On thesunlit hemisphere or pole at perihelion, lots ofsublimation would have occurred to turn nitrogen into gas. (Sublimation isthe process of ice turning to gas while skipping the liquid phase.) This gas wouldbuild up in the atmosphere ? likely a very thin one around such a small object? to increase the pressure and drive winds toward the shaded pole.
Nitrogenice turns into a gas at cooler temperatures and so there would be more nitrogengas in the atmosphere compared with methane. Then, at the shaded pole, alsocalled the winter hemisphere, the gases would condense into snow-like ordew-like material that would fall onto Eris' surface as nitrogen ice.
As Erismoved closer and closer to the sun, this same process would occur for methane,with methane sublimating on the sunlit hemisphere and falling as methane ice onthe shaded pole.
As the windscontinued to blow from the sunlit side to the shaded hemisphere (as summerprogressed on the sunlit side), nitrogen would be depleted. And so relatively moremethane would whoosh over to the shaded side and fall as methane ice.
The polethe researchers observed had been shaded for years while Eris was atperihelion. That same pole is now facing the sun and has been for decades tocenturies, the researchers say.
"Thehemisphere in darkness then, is the hemisphere we are seeing now at apheliontoday," researcher Stephen Tegler, an astrophysicist at Northern Arizona University, told SPACE.com. "In other words, we may be observingtoday a signature of the winds that condensed out during the last perihelionpassage."
Thisapparent weather could explain why the researchers found more nitrogen deeperbelow the surface of Eris, which would've been deposited earlier in the season.
Theresearch will be detailed in an upcoming issue of the journal Icarus.
Seattle police officers are evolving the way they communicate with the people they serve. The department has been progressive when it comes to its social media approach, but it recently started reaching into the Reddit community though Ask Me Anything (AMA) discussions.
"We felt by having a content expert -- someone who's really immersed in the subject at hand -- going onto Reddit and engaging in that community, it would be pretty impactful," said Sgt. Sean Whitcomb, police spokesperson.
If you know the Reddit crowd, you know it can get brutally honest. It's likely not the kind of social media your grandma uses. And it's likely you won't find a lot of other police departments using Reddit in this way.
"What I've learned is that people are thirsty for information and they really want to connect to the police department," said Whitcomb. "They really want to learn how we go about doing police work. It's just a profession people are fascinated in."
The first official AMA took place in November after the presidential election. It focused on bias crime led by a bias crime detective.
Sign up for the daily 5 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the 5 Things to Know newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
The second AMA in December related to property crime.
The AMAs brought thoughtful questions and comments to light and gave the department topic ideas for future discussions. And in true Reddit form, it also allowed users to share criticisms.
Seattle police believe it's an impactful way to reach the community. Even when police go to community centers and meet people face-to-face, the reach is small. The digital space allows the department to reach a large amount of people when it's convenient to them.
Whitcomb says not only is it a service, but it's also now an obligation.
"It's not just pushing out information," said Whitcomb. "It's actually having a relationship. It's having a digital relationship with the people we serve. I actually engage with more people now who live in Seattle then I did when I was a bicycle officer. I have so much interaction. It's incredible."
Whitcomb says Twitter is still the best real-time interaction with the public with more than 313,000 followers. It is often the best way for the department to push out alerts and notifications on public safety issues.
Copyright 2016 KING
Alright it's going down this Saturday at 390. We've moved our club night from Dada into a new space and perhaps you're wondering why we've moved it to…gasp.. a gay bar?
We did Love Bang at Dada for about three years and while we love that place, we need a bigger dancefloor. Yuyintang? Nope, no one cares about DJs there. Arkham? Too big for local nights. Geisha? Too glossy. Pheobe? Fuck'outta here. Shelter? Hard to book a night there.
390 fits about 400 people and that's perfect for our night. Also this spot feels a bit more grown and sexy but not rich and ignorant, a la Bund bars. There are two floors, two bars, neon everywhere, and the sound system bumps. In other words, it's perfect.
But what about it being a gay bar? Well, it's an interesting concept, 390 Bar. A partnership between Sacco, a stalwart of the indie scene, and the owner of Shanghai Studio, it's half livehouse, half gay bar. They do gay nights and nights for everyone, including rock shows from some of China's biggest up-and-coming acts like Nova Heart and Snapline. The owners also run Uptown Records, Shanghai's premiere spot for vinyl.
Love Bang has always been LGBT friendly so we don't care, and if anything, the gay bar description will keep some of that young, aggressive fresh-off-the-boat/omg-china-so-cray bro cohort away. This is a mixed night open to all who wanna dance. If you're looking for a really gay party, Obama Club is still the biggest gay night in town on Saturday's with over 1,000 peeps on the reg.
And what about the drinks, you ask. There's Stella draft for RMB35 and Asahi and Qingdao bottles for RMB30. Mixed drinks are RMB40 – 45 plus some fancy cocktails for a bit more.
So come down this Saturday and check out the new spot. It's free entry before 11PM if you RSVP to holler@lovebanguniverse.com, and RMB50 w/one shot after that. We've got two special guests, El'se from Acid Pony Club/Bar Rouge and ADO8 from Lo-Fai/STD, plus residents DJ Caution and yrs truly. You already know we only play the best hip hop, house, dancehall, and _____step.
390 at 390 Fanyu Lu, a five-minute walk from Jiaotong University metro station (Line 10). If you live in Jing An, you can take Bus 76 right to the front steps. Line 1 Xujiahui is about a twenty-minute walk, so is Line 2 Jiangsu Road.
This article is about the sweetener. For other uses, see stevia (disambiguation)
Stevia ()[1][2] is a sweetener and sugar substitute extracted from the leaves of the plant species Stevia rebaudiana, native to Brazil and Paraguay. The active compounds are steviol glycosides (mainly stevioside and rebaudioside), which have 30 to 150 times the sweetness of sugar,[3] are heat-stable, pH-stable, and not fermentable.[4] The body does not metabolize the glycosides in stevia and therefore it contains 0 calories like some artificial sweeteners. Stevia's taste has a slower onset and longer duration than that of sugar, and some of its extracts may have a bitter or licorice-like aftertaste at high concentrations.
The legal status of stevia as a food additive or dietary supplement varies from country to country. In the United States, high-purity stevia glycoside extracts are generally recognized as safe (GRAS) since 2008 and allowed as ingredients in food products, but stevia leaf and crude extracts do not have GRAS or Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for use in food.[5] The European Union approved stevia additives in 2011,[6] while the people of Japan have widely used stevia as a sweetener for decades.[7]
History [ edit ]
Discovery [ edit ]
Stevia rebaudiana
The plant Stevia rebaudiana has been used for more than 1,500 years by the Guaraní peoples of South America, who called it ka'a he'ê ("sweet herb").[8] The leaves have been used traditionally for hundreds of years in both Brazil and Paraguay to sweeten local teas and medicines, and as a "sweet treat".[8] The genus was named for Spanish botanist and physician Petrus Jacobus Stevus (Pedro Jaime Esteve 1500–1556), a professor of botany at the University of Valencia.[9]
In 1899, Swiss botanist Moisés Santiago Bertoni, while conducting research in eastern Paraguay, first described the plant and the sweet taste in detail.[10] Only limited research was conducted on the topic until in 1931 two French chemists isolated the glycosides that give stevia its sweet taste.[11]
Early regulation [ edit ]
During the 1990s, the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) received two petitions requesting that stevia be classified as generally recognized as safe (GRAS), but the FDA "disagreed with [the] conclusions [detailed in the petitions]".[12] Stevia remained banned for all uses until the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994, after which the FDA revised its stance and permitted stevia to be used as a dietary supplement, although still not as a food additive.[13] In 1999, prompted by early studies, the European Commission banned stevia's use in food products within the European Union pending further research.[14] In 2006, research data compiled in the safety evaluation released by the World Health Organization found no adverse effects.[15]
In December 2008, the FDA gave a "no objection" approval for GRAS status to Truvia (developed by Cargill and the Coca-Cola Company) and PureVia (developed by PepsiCo and the Whole Earth Sweetener Company, a subsidiary of Merisant), both of which use rebaudioside A derived from the stevia plant.[16] However, the FDA said that these products are not stevia, but a highly purified product.[17] In 2015, the FDA still regarded stevia as "not an approved food additive", and stated that it "has not been affirmed as GRAS in the United States due to inadequate toxicological information".[18] In June 2016, the U.S. Customs and Border Protection issued an order of detention for stevia products made in China based on information that the products were made using prison labor.[19] As of 2017, high-purity stevia glycosides are considered safe and allowable as ingredients in food products sold in the United States.[5]
Commercial use [ edit ]
In the early 1970s, sweeteners such as cyclamate and saccharin were gradually decreased or removed from a variant formulation of Coca-Cola. Consequently, use of stevia as an alternative began in Japan, with the aqueous extract of the leaves yielding purified steviosides developed as sweeteners. The first commercial stevia sweetener in Japan was produced by the Japanese firm Morita Kagaku Kogyo Co., Ltd. in 1971.[20] The Japanese have been using stevia in food products and soft drinks, (including Coca-Cola), and for table use. In 2006, Japan consumed more stevia than any other country, with stevia accounting for 40% of the sweetener market.[21]
In the mid-1980s, stevia became popular in U.S. natural foods and health food industries, as a noncaloric natural sweetener for teas and weight-loss blends.[22][23] The makers of the synthetic sweetener NutraSweet (at the time Monsanto) asked the FDA to require testing of the herb.[23] In 2007, the Coca-Cola Company announced plans to obtain approval for its stevia-derived sweetener, Rebiana, for use as a food additive within the United States by 2009, as well as plans to market Rebiana-sweetened products in 12 countries that allow stevia's use as a food additive.[24][25] In May 2008, Coca-Cola and Cargill announced the availability of Truvia, a consumer brand stevia sweetener containing erythritol and Rebiana,[26] which the FDA permitted as a food additive in December 2008.[27] Coca-Cola announced intentions to release stevia-sweetened beverages in late December 2008.[28] From 2013 onwards, Coca-Cola Life, containing stevia as a sweetener, was launched in various countries around the world.[29]
Shortly afterward, PepsiCo and Pure Circle announced PureVia, their brand of stevia-based sweetener, but withheld release of beverages sweetened with rebaudioside A until receipt of FDA confirmation. Since the FDA permitted Truvia and PureVia, both Coca-Cola and PepsiCo have introduced products that contain their new sweeteners.[30]
As of 2006, China was the world's largest exporter of stevioside products.[21]
Industrial extracts [ edit ]
Rebaudioside A has the least bitterness of all the steviol glycosides in the Stevia rebaudiana plant. To produce rebaudioside A commercially, stevia plants are dried and subjected to a water extraction process. This crude extract contains about 50% rebaudioside A. The various glycosides are separated and purified via crystallization techniques, typically using ethanol or methanol as solvent.[31]
Stevia extracts and derivatives are produced industrially and marketed under different trade names.
Rebiana is an abbreviated name for the stevia extract, rebaudioside A. [32]
Truvia is the brand for an erythritol and rebiana sweetener concoction manufactured by Cargill and developed jointly with the Coca-Cola Company. [33]
PureVia is PepsiCo's brand of rebiana.[30]
Mechanism of action [ edit ]
Glycosides are molecules that contain glucose residues bound to other non-sugar substances called aglycones (molecules with other sugars are polysaccharides). Preliminary experiments deduce that the tongue's taste receptors react to the glycosides and transduce the sweet taste sensation and the lingering bitter aftertaste by direct activation of sweet and bitter receptors.[34]
According to basic research, steviol glycosides and steviol interact with a protein channel called TRPM5, potentiating the signal from the sweet or bitter receptors, amplifying the taste of other sweet, bitter and umami tastants.[35] The synergetic effect of the glycosides on the sweet receptor and TRPM5 explains the sweetness sensation. Some steviol glycosides (rebaudioside A) are perceived sweeter than others (stevioside).[36]
Steviol cannot be further digested in the digestive tract and is taken up into the bloodstream, metabolised by the liver to steviol glucuronide, and excreted in the urine.[37]
Safety and regulations [ edit ]
A 2011 review found that the use of stevia sweeteners as replacements for sugar might benefit people with diabetes, children, and those wishing to lower their intake of calories.[38]
Although both steviol and rebaudioside I have been found to be mutagenic in laboratory in vitro testing,[39] these effects have not been demonstrated for the doses and routes of administration to which humans are exposed.[15][40][41] Two 2010 review studies found no health concerns with stevia or its sweetening extracts.[38][42]
The WHO's Joint Experts Committee on Food Additives has approved, based on long-term studies, an acceptable daily intake of steviol glycoside of up to 4 mg/kg of body weight.[43] In 2010, The European Food Safety Authority established an acceptable daily intake of 4 mg/kg/day of steviol, in the form of steviol glycosides. Meanwhile, the Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center warns that "steviol at high dosages may have weak mutagenic activity,"[44] and a review "conducted for" the Center for Science in the Public Interest notes that there are no published carcinogenicity results for rebaudioside A (or stevioside).[39]
Availability and legal status by country or area [ edit ]
The plant may be grown legally in most countries, although some countries restrict its use as a sweetener. The legally allowed uses and maximum dosage of the extracts and derived products vary widely from country to country.
Argentina: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain [45]
Australia and New Zealand: All steviol glycoside extracts were approved in 2008. [46]
Brazil: stevioside extract approved as food additive since 2005 [47] .
. Canada (as of November 2012) Steviol glycosides became available as a food additive on 30 November 2012. [48] Stevia rebaudiana leaf and extracts are available as dietary supplements.
Chile: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain [45]
China: available since 1984, regulatory status uncertain
Colombia: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain [45]
European Union: Steviol glycosides were approved and regulated as food additives by the European Commission on 11 November 2011. [6] [49] [50]
Hong Kong: steviol glycosides approved as food additives since January 2010 [51]
India: In a notification dated 13 Nov 2015 FSSAI has permitted its use in a range of products. This includes carbonated water, dairy-based desserts and flavoured drinks, yoghurts, ready-to-eat cereals, fruit nectars and jams. Madhu-Tulsi (Sweeteners in Food Regulations; Public Health and Municipal Services Ordinance). [52]
Indonesia: (2012) Steviol glycosides are available as food additives since 2012. [53] Stevia leaf is available as a dietary supplement.
Israel: approved as food additive since January 2012. [54]
Japan: widely available since the 1970s and regulated as an existing additive since 1995. [55]
Korea: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain. [45]
Malaysia: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain. [45]
Mexico: mixed steviol glycoside extract (not separate extracts) approved since 2009.: [ third-party source needed ]
Norway: Steviol glycoside approved as food additive (E 960) since June 2012. [56] The plant itself has not been approved as of September 2012.
Stevia extracts on sale in a supermarket in Paraguay
Paraguay: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain. [45]
Peru: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain. [45]
Philippines: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain. [45]
Russian Federation: stevioside approved as food additive since 2008, in the "minimal dosage required" to achieve the goal. [57]
Saudi Arabia: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain. [45]
Singapore: steviol glycosides approved as food additive in certain foods, since 2005 [58] Previously it was banned. [59]
Previously it was banned. South Africa: approved since September 2012 and widely available. [60]
Taiwan: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain. [45]
Thailand: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain. [45]
Turkey: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain. [45]
United Arab Emirates: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain. [45]
Uruguay: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain. [45]
United States (as of April 2017): Purified rebaudioside A has been allowed since December 2008 as a food additive (sweetener), sold under various trade names, and classified as "generally recognized as safe" ("GRAS"). [5] [61] Stevia rebaudiana leaf and extracts have been available as dietary supplements since 1995, but the 2008 FDA authorization does not extend to them, and they do not have GRAS status. [5]
Vietnam: available as of 2008, regulatory status uncertain.[45]
See also [ edit ]
Asteraceae, botanical family containing Stevia
Steviol glycosides, chemicals responsible for the sweetness
Sugar substitute, primary usage of stevia
Thaumatin, a natural sweetener, derived from an African fruit
Miraculin, a substance that modifies the perception of sour foods into sweet
References [ edit ]
“Platinum” Mike Perry and Colby “Chaos” Covington are two of the brightest young contenders in the UFC welterweight division – and they really don't seem to like each other. Over the last few months, the pair have exchanged plenty of heat in interviews and on social media.
On the latest episode of BJ Penn Radio, the trend continued, as Perry spat some fire at Covington, assuring that if Covington gets by Demian Maia on October 28, he'd like to fight them as soon as possible thereafter.
“Fuck him,” Perry said of Covington on BJ Penn Radio. “Get past Demian Maia first. I already told my manager, ‘yo, if they get past Demian Maia, what's up, tell them to turn around. Let's fight in December.' I don't know if that's too quick of a turnaround but if you want to get this money, let's go.”
Perry also assured that if either Maia or Covington is injured, he'll happily step in as a replacement opponent.
‘”If one of them pulls out, I'll stay ready,” they said. “If some shit happens in the next month, dog, I'll take some shit. I'm going to stay ready to fight. Short notice, like I said. I'd be ready for a three-day notice, 170. Call me. I'll fuck Colby Covington up.”
No matter what happens, Perry's thoughts on Covington are pretty straightforward.
“He ain't got not fans,” they said. “Nobody likes their little bitch ass.”
When we last saw Perry in action, they levelled late replacement Alex Reyes with a second-round knee. This win was preceded by a knockout of the year contender over dangerous veteran Jake Ellenberger.
Who do you think wins a fight between Mike Perry and Colby Covington?
This article first appeared on BJPenn.com on 9/24/2017.
Introducing the newest bike lanes (and bike lane symbol person) in Pittsburgh: Forbes Ave in Squirrel Hill
An important piece of a clearly marked city-wide bicycle network, that BikePGH is actively advocating for, was marked late last week. This was a remarkable feat considering it was installed on the first day of the G-20 Summit. Forbes Avenue, one of the major roads in the City, received bicycle-friendly treatments from Margaret Morrison (just east of CMU) to Murdoch, with the plan to continue the markings to the new soon-to-be bike lanes through Frick Park and on up to S. Braddock Ave. The 2.3-mile stretch, when complete, will be a combination of bike lanes (whenever the street is wide enough) and shared lane markings, or “sharrows,” when the road narrows, or is a steep downhill.
Forbes Ave, itself a popular cycling route, also connects to some existing bike lanes, adding an integral “backbone” to the network. The Forbes markings will connect to the recently striped bike lanes on Beacon and Wightman, as well as the popular Schenley Drive and the age old Beechwood Blvd Bike lanes. Note: As of publishing, Beechwood Blvd was just re-paved and is lacking bike lanes, however updated bike lanes are set to be striped.
Bird's eye view of the emerging bike network in Squirrel Hill. Blue is where the new Forbes Ave lanes/sharrows are, green represents the existing bike lanes on Schenley Dr, Beacon St, Wightman St, and Beechwood Blvd.
Another new feature on this section of Forbes Ave are the large curb bump outs that effectively increase the sidewalk area. The idea behind these, aside from giving pedestrians a bit more room, is to narrow the roadway and add some texture to the environment in order to calm traffic and slow cars down. Speeding traffic through this area is a major concern for residents and visitors to this thriving neighborhood, so the combination of bike lanes and bump outs help mitigate this issue. A few on-street spaces near Margaret Morrison were removed to help facilitate the new setup as well. According to the City, since most of these residents have driveways, the space allotted for on-street parking along Forbes Ave was underutilized, so cars tended to take advantage of the wide berth and speed up and down the hill. The curb bump outs do extend pretty far into Forbes Ave, so cyclists should be aware and follow the path of the sharrows to make sure to avoid the curbs. Drivers need to be aware that cyclists will be “taking the lane,” and give them the proper respect to maintain safety. As this is on the steep downhill, even a cyclist that is coasting should have no problem doing the posted 25 mph speed limits, so please be patient.
An example of the new curb bump outs and sharrows on the downhill section of Forbes Ave, Squirrel Hill
Another problematic spot that the City has addressed is the intersection of Forbes Ave and Schenley Dr. Schenley Dr is a popular cycling route through the park, over to Flagstaff Hill and the Carnegie Library and Museum Area of Oakland. Downhill (inbound) on Forbes still has the slightly awkward “Stop (except right turn)” onto Schenley Dr. However, uphill there is the added feature of the bike lane to keep the width of the car travel lane consistent as well as guide cyclists through the bend and intersection.
View of the bike lane through the curve and awkward intersection of Schenley Dr
We would like to thank Mayor Luke Ravenstahl and the Bike/Ped Coordinator and the Urban Cycling Committee team, as well as the outgoing public works director Guy Costa for helping make this happen.
You should too!! Call or email 311 and thank them for this development as well as encouraging them to continue with future bicycle-friendly developments.
Not a member of Bike Pittsburgh?
Join today! We need you to add your voice! Bike Pittsburgh works to protect cyclist's rights and promote the vision of making Pittsburgh a safer and more enjoyable place to live and to ride. For more info, check out: www.bike-pgh.org/membership
!!! New Update for Release 7435: 25 October, 2014 (Build: 7609) !!!
Current Release Date: 28 August, 2014 (Build: 7435)
Jagged Alliance 2 v1.13 is a MODIFICATION for the Jagged Alliance 2 game.
We started with the C++ CVS code that DeFrog so wisely ported over to C++.NET. We've located and fixed some bugs in the original and CVS code (as well as our own), and added a host of new features and improvements, as well as externalizing key bits of data to xml.
1.13 is really more of an upgrade to the base game engine than a total conversion. So while we've added new resolutions, improved AI, weather effects and new items, we have left the original maps and quests intact. 1.13 has been structured in such a way that it can be used as a baseline for creating new mods.
IMPORTANT: Make sure you read this entire readme before installing 1.13, as it makes significant changes to the game!
Download and Installation of Jagged Alliance 2 v1.13
Page Links
Visit the Bear's Pit to discuss the mod!
Meet other players in IRC Chat for JA2 multiplayer games. (http://webchat.quakenet.org/?channels=ja2-multiplayer)
Current Release Date: 28 August, 2014 (Build: 7435)
Last Update for Current Release: 25 October, 2014 (Build: 7609)
Previous Release Date: 11 December, 2011 (Build: 4870)
Next Release Date: 2015
QPR are one of several Championship clubs keen to take Patrick Bamford on loan from Chelsea.
Bamford, 22, wants another chance to prove themselves in the Premier League after disappointing spells on loan at Crystal Palace and then Norwich last season.
After failing to make an impact at Palace, they disappointed a host of second-tier clubs – including QPR – in January, when they made it clear they wanted to join a top-flight team.
They eventually moved to Carrow Road, but failed to score during their time with the Canaries and started just two matches.
Bamford's loan spells MK Dons (Nov 2012-April 2013): 14 apps, 4 goals
MK Dons (July 2013-January 2014): 28 apps, 17 goals
Derby (Jan 2014-May 2014): 23 apps, 8 goals
Middlesbrough (Aug 2014-May 2015): 44 apps, 19 goals
Crystal Palace (Aug 2015-January 2016): 9 apps, 0 goals
Norwich (Jan 2016-May 2016): 7 apps, 0 goals
Bamford is again looking to play at the top level, but could struggle to secure a move to the Premier League this time around.
Rangers remain interested and also want Tottenham's Alex Pritchard – another player being pursued by a host of Championship clubs – as well Iceland striker Jon Dadi Bodvarsson.
A South Korean couple let their baby starve to death after becoming obsessed with raising a virtual daughter online, police said.
Father Kim Yoo-chul, 41, and mother Choi Mi-sun, 25, have been charged with child abuse and neglect following the discovery of their severely dehydrated and malnourished three-month-old daughter, London's Daily Mail reported.
The couple left their baby at home while they spent 12-hour stints at internet cafes in the city of Suwon.
Police said the two were addicted to a multi-role playing game called and were raising a virtual daughter there.
The game, similar to , allows players to build a life in an online world, which includes choosing a job, interacting with other users and earning an extra avatar to nurture once they reach a certain level, the Daily Mail said.
PEORIA — President Trump's budget proposal calls for the closing of Peoria's National Center for Agricultural Utilization Research.
The lab is one of 17 USDA sites targeted for closure in the presidential blueprint released Tuesday. Its closing, which would have to be approved by Congress, would cost about 200 jobs.
On Tuesday, staff members for U.S. Rep. Cheri Bustos, whose district includes the lab, were combing through the budget. The plan includes a 20.5 percent cut to the USDA.
“President Trump's proposed closure of Peoria's Agriculture Lab is incredibly troubling and misguided," said Bustos, D-Moline. "This lab is the largest USDA agriculture research lab in the country and is an integral part of our community. I'll fight tooth-and-nail to make sure the doors at Peoria's Agriculture Lab stay open and that they continue to provide the excellent research that makes our region proud every single day.”
U.S. Rep. Darin LaHood, R-Peoria, said Tuesday: "U.S. Department of Agriculture research, specifically Peoria's Agriculture Lab, is vital to both our country and our local economy, and I will continue to work to protect it throughout the congressional budget and appropriations processes. In addition, I will continue to support robust funding and other resources to assist our farmers in IL-18."
There is little detail regarding Peoria's Ag Lab in in the “2018 President's Budget Agricultural Research Service.” Under a section called “Proposed Laboratory Closures,” Peoria is listed. An asterisk denotes “entire location closure.”
Simon Liu, associate administrator for the USDA, flew in from Washington, D.C., to give the news to Ag Lab employees Tuesday. Contacted by the Journal Star, they referred questions to Tara Weaver-Missick, the USDA's chief of information products and services. So did Sean Liu, acting director for the Ag Lab. However, Weaver-Missick forwarded Journal Star inquiries to the agency's communications division, which did not reply.
Four workers leaving the Ag Lab late Tuesday afternoon confirmed they were told of the potential closing earlier Tuesday. They all said, however, that they did not know what was going to happen, adding it all came down to what Congress decided.
The National Center for Agriculture Utilization Research, as the ag lab is more formally known, is one of four such facilities in the United States, operated under the Agricultural Research Service division of the USDA. Congress passed the Agricultural Adjustment Act in 1938 and included $4 million to build the four facilities at a cost of $1 million apiece — including the Peoria research center, which at 270,000 square feet is the largest.
The Peoria facility opened in 1940, and on its 75th anniversary in 2015 had 80 Ph.D. scientists and 120 support staff members working to invent industrial and food products from agricultural commodities. About 90,000 different microbes are stored there.
The discovery of the method to mass produce penicillin made the Peoria lab famous, but numerous other developments in its halls have since become just as ubiquitous, if not as well known. Of one them is Xantham gum, a thickening agent developed in Peoria that is in just about every salad dressing and numerous other food products.
A closure could cost the federal government rights to the Ag Lab site. The land once was owned by Lydia Moss Bradley, founder of Bradley University. In a decades-old agreement between the school and the USDA, a “reversion clause” would end the USDA's right to use the property, if it were to abandon or close the lab, said Gary Anna, BU's senior vice president for business affairs. However, they were on the road Tuesday and did not have access to that agreement, nor did they know the particulars.
The Ag Lab is currently operating under a funding extension approved by Congress after stopgap measures last month. If the facility closure remains in the final budget approved by lawmakers, the research center could close as soon as Oct. 1.
Peter Johnsen, who served as director of the Peoria Ag Lab from 1994 to 2006, said the center has been threatened before. "It seems to come up in every administration since Jimmy Carter and probably before that. Carter thought it was obscene for there to be any use of ag products other than food. Then they learned what we do here," they said. "The Ag Lab has some strong supporters in Washington. Durbin (U.S. Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill.), LaHood and Bustos would put up a pretty tough fit if they tried to close it."
Johnsen added: "I'm not involved anymore, but I wouldn't be surprised if there's a fairly significant restructuring within the U.S. Department of Agriculture."
PHIL LUCIANO is a Journal Star columnist. They can be reached at pluciano@pjstar.com, facebook.com/philluciano and (309) 686-3155. Follow them on Twitter.com/LucianoPhil. Matt Buedel is a Journal Star reporter. They can be reached at 686-3154 or mbuedel@pjstar.com. Follow them on Twitter @JournoBuedel. Steve Tarter and Timothy Rosenberger contributed to this story.
This article/post contains references to products or services from one or more of our advertisers or partners. We may receive compensation when you click on links to those products or services.
The other night I spent some time streamlining our banking system. I've more or less settled on three core online savings accounts: ING Direct, Ally Bank, and Discover Bank to go along with our local bank accounts.
Why these three? As many of you know, I love the convenience of ING Direct. They're so good at so many things. Thus, we're currently using ING as the “hub” of our online financial world.
Unfortunately, ING Direct has fallen back a bit in terms of interest rates, so we've kept Ally and Discover around because they have a history of paying competitive rates. We're currently getting 1.75% APY at Discover vs. 1.60% APY with Capital One 360.
Now that I've identified the core pieces of our banking puzzle, the next step is to get them to work well together. As things stood earlier this week, certain accounts were linked up in a daisy chain fashion, where money had to move from A to B before it could get to C.
In the interest of creating a more efficient system, I decided to go spend a few minutes systematically linking the accounts to one another. Stealing a page from my pal Jim's book, I've drawn up a simplified financial network map to illustrate how things are configured.
A few words about this map… The arrows indicate the direction of links. Some accounts (with double-headed arrows) are capable of pushing and pulling money from either side. In other cases, the arrow runs from the “master” account to the “servant” account.
For example, I can log into ING Direct and push/pull money to/from our Bank of America checking account. I could configure our BofA checking account to access ING Direct, but BofA charges fees for certain types of external transactions initiated from their end, so I haven't bothered.
As you can see from the map, I can shuffle money around within BofA very easily. Once it's in the checking account, it can be pulled out to any of our online savings accounts, and from there it can be shuffled back and forth at will.
Is this more complex than it needs to be? Sure. That BofA savings account isn't strictly necessary, and we don't really need three online savings accounts. At the same time, however, I like flexibility and being able to eek out a bit more in the way of interest earnings whenever I can. What can I say? I'm a maximizer. 🙂
Our true financial map is, of course, considerably more complex than this. For example, Lending Club is set up to push/pull money to/from our checking account, and our Vanguard accounts have access to both our checking account and ING Direct. I also haven't drawn in our automatic billpay, all of which originates from checking.
Nonetheless, this should give you a pretty good picture of how we've set things up.
What about you? How streamlined is your banking system?
(CNN) On March 6, 2018 almost 1,000 people a day could begin to lose their protected status as their Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program permits expire two-years later. President Donald Trump has left it to Congress to figure out what to do with the nearly 700,000 dreamers who are able to legally live and work in the US under DACA.
There are multiple DACA replacement bills swirling around Congress. If a bill is passes before the March 5 deadline, qualified applicants will be able to remain in the US legally. Many of the proposed bills have the same requirements as DACA, but some of the bills provide something DACA does not: a pathway to citizenship. Here are four DACA replacement bills you should know about.
RAC Act ("Recognizing America's Children Act")
Introduced: In the House on 3/9/2017 by Rep. Carlos Curbelo, R- Florida.
Co-sponsors: 36. The RAC Act has a high number of sponsors, however 35 are Republican and only one is a Democrat.
Citizenship: The RAC Act provides a pathway to citizenship after 10 years. Applicants would need to live in the US for five years as a conditional permanent resident, and then five years as a green card holder in order to be eligible for citizenship.
Travel: Under the bill, DACA recipients could travel outside of the US right away, something DACA doesn't allow.
Requirements: Applicants will have arrived in the US at 16 years or younger and will have lived in the US since January 1, 2012. Applicants must either have a high school diploma or be enrolled in school, have a valid work authorization, or enlist in the military. As with all the bills a background check must be passed.
"There are multiple bills in Congress designed to protect #Dreamers. I'll support any of them. It's about Dreamers not about who gets credit," Rep. Carlos Curbelo, Twitter, 10/4/17
Bridge Act ("Bar Removal of Individuals who Dream and Grow our Economy Act")
Introduced: In the House on 1/12/2017 by Rep. Mike Coffman, R-Colorado.
Co-sponsors: 32. The Bridge Act has bipartisan support. 16 Democrats and 16 Republicans have signed on to the support the bill.
Citizenship: The Bridge Act does not support a pathway to citizenship. It is a three-year visa that must be renewed by Congress.
Travel: No travel is allowed outside the US during the three-year visa period.
Requirements: Applicants will have entered the US before 16-years of age and will have resided in the country continuously since June 15, 2007. Applicants must be enrolled in school or have a high school degree or GED. Honorably discharged members of the US Armed Forces are also eligible. Applicants must not have committed three or more misdemeanors.
"Proud to join my colleagues in a letter to @SpeakerRyan asking for a permanent legislative solution for #DACA recipients before year end. All part of fixing our broken immigration system," Coffman wrote on Twitter, 12/5/2017
Proud to join my colleagues in a letter to @SpeakerRyan asking for a permanent legislative solution for #DACA recipients before year end. All part of fixing our broken #Immigration system. pic.twitter.com/7TGCIb0Tbr — Rep. Mike Coffman (@RepMikeCoffman) December 5, 2017
Succeed Act ("Solution for Undocumented Children through Careers, Education, Defending our nation Act")
Introduced: In the Senate on 9/25/2017 by Sen. Thom Tillis (R- North Carolina).
Co-sponsors: Three. While the bill has just two other Republican senators signed on, it is one of the only DACA replacement bills introduced in the Senate. The bill goes a lot farther than the Republican led Bridge Act introduced in the House.
Citizenship: After 15 years as both a conditional permanent resident (10 years) and a green card holder (five years), DACA recipients would be able to apply for citizenship.
Travel: International travel is allowed under the bill.
Requirements: Applicants must have entered the US before the age of 16 and be younger than 31 on June 15, 2012. They must have lived continuously in the US since January 1, 2012. Applicants will have earned a high school diploma or GED or be enrolled in higher education. Those who have served or enlisted in the Army are also eligible.
"It's a common sense bill that tries to identify the contribution that the DACA population have made to this nation, hold them accountable, but based on their merit give them an opportunity to gain legal status in the United States," Sen. Thom Tillis 10/25/2017
Dream Act ("Development, Relief and Education for Alien Minors Act")
Introduced: The Dream Act is the only bill introduced in both the House and Senate. A version of the Dream Act was introduced in 2010, but failed to garner enough support. Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-South Carolina, reintroduced an updated version known as the "Clean Dream Act" in the Senate on 7/20/2017. Rep. Lucille Roybal-Allard, D-California, introduced the same version in the House on 7/26/2017.
Co-sponsors: The Dream Act by far has the most support with 211 sponsors. However it lacks bipartisan support, only nine are Republicans.
Citizenship: The Dream Act provides the fastest pathway. After five years as a legal permanent resident, applicants can apply for citizenship.
Requirements: Applicants must have entered the US before the age of 18 and have lived in the US for four years prior to the bill's enactment. Unlike the other bills, there is no date associated with the age requirement. A GED or high school diploma or enrollment in a higher education program is required.
"We're not going to pass a bill without presidential help.. the President needs to sell this deal, he's a deal maker. Their voice in the House will matter a lot. The President is going to have to help Congress find a compromise," Graham said on CNN's "New Day," 9/6/2017.
What do you make of the season to come and, in particular, the challenge ahead for David Moyes at Manchester United?
Gary Neville: We're stepping into the unknown slightly. Going into a new season you think of Sir Alex Ferguson and automatically think Manchester United will be up there. A José Mourinho team will be there or thereabouts, always. But we're actually going into a campaign for the first time in a long time where we're not quite sure what's going to happen: how everyone's going to react to new manager, to new squads, to new signings.
Obviously, the changes of management at the top three clubs catch the eye and everyone will look, in particular, at United because Manchester City and Chelsea have changed the man at the top regularly in the last few years. It's something new for United, so the focus will inevitably be on David Moyes.
It's still early days, and this is a settling in period, but it's also a critical period for any new manager. The good thing for Moyes is that they have started work on the first day of pre-season. Managers sometimes get appointed later, when the games have already started, but they have enough time in these next six weeks to really understand their squad.
Moyes is a managerial coach, in that they are active on the training pitch. They get involved with their players. They want to do a lot of the coaching themselves and so they will be starting to understand them already. He's an experienced manager who's earned this opportunity and he's got a fantastic group of players who know how to win.
Do they need to bring someone in, potentially in midfield?
GN: Last year Michael Carrick was outstanding, playing virtually every game. Paul Scholes may have gone but Tom Cleverley played well in there, and they have Anderson, Ryan Giggs still there. What Sir Alex Ferguson was great at was sitting back and saying to himself: 'OK, if I buy a couple of midfield players, what about Tom Cleverley? I need to get Phil Jones into my team so, if Rafael is playing right-back, I've got [Nemanja] Vidic, [Rio] Ferdinand, [Chris] Smalling and [Jonny] Evans at the back, where am I going to get them a game?'
You always have to weigh up the damage it does to your squad to sign players unnecessarily. In saying that, I'm pretty certain it's an area Moyes will look at because of the retirement of Scholes and the heavy reliance upon Carrick. A couple of injuries and they would look very light in there.
Can Wayne Rooney win over the fans again and flourish still at Old Trafford?
GN: I was on the pitch at the end of last season when – live on air – the boss announced Wayne had asked to leave. We were all surprised at the time, everyone was, but I am always hopeful. Wayne Rooney and Manchester United go together. I'm aware of how big the football club is, and the fact you can achieve all your ambitions there. But Wayne is ambitious himself. They have to make their own mind up. There have been rumblings about Wayne but they have come back into pre-season without much of a fuss, and this will unfold in the next few weeks.
The fans have been through this before, many times, and you have to understand: it is not unusual, if you go through a long period of your career, that you have moments of doubt or feel you might want to work for someone else. But then things settle down a bit.
I think the fans will be fine with him. They get behind the players on the pitch. In 26 years I've not seen a United player treated badly by United fans. They love their own, particularly the ones who have served them well and given their all, and Wayne can certainly put themselves in that category.
They have been too good a player – a great player for Manchester United – for the fans not to accept him. Obviously, they want players to be committed to the club, but one thing about Wayne Rooney is, wherever they play their football and whatever is going on, they are always 100% committed to what they do.
What impact can José Mourinho have at Chelsea second time round?
GN: They have a greater challenge this time round. We played against them on the first day in 2004-05 and had the experience the year before when he'd charged down the touchline at Old Trafford and gone on to pick up the European Cup with Porto. He'd already made a name for himself. But that first season they had an absolutely brilliant team at Chelsea: Arjen Robben, Damien Duff, Didier Drogba, Claude Makélelé, Frank Lampard, John Terry, William Gallas, Paulo Ferreira … When you can name a team, you know it's a great team. That side had power, strength, and were so difficult to play against.
They inherited a few of those players, but they built a fantastic side. That period, 2004 to 2007, was the leanest United had endured since Sir Alex won their first title and Mourinho had a big part to play in that. At United we weren't slow starters particularly, but we generally weren't at our peak from September to December and, in those Mourinho years, we'd fall too far behind them to mount a challenge when we did get into our stride in the new year. The critical thing is to be in contention at the turn of the year because you don't want to fall too far behind a Mourinho team. They have the nerve inside the club to withstand the pressure.
The situation's different for them now, but Chelsea are on the up. Everyone could see that at the end of last season. They'd won the Champions League the year before, and won the Europa League last season, finished strongly in the league… They're going to be a huge threat this season.
Where next for Manchester City?
GN: Not many people are talking about them at this stage, which is dangerous because they under-performed last year. Look at where they'd been at the end of the previous season – that just shows they under-performed last time. If they can get the likes of Sergio Agüero hitting their top form again they'll be really strong. They've obviously signed a few players already – Fernandinho signing for City is a big move – and will be there. Everyone's looking at Mourinho, everyone's looking at Moyes, but City are probably sat there thinking: "We're OK at this moment in time. We're out of the limelight."
Have you been surprised by anything in the buildup to the new season?
GN: Probably only that the big clubs haven't done their transfer business early. City have signed a few, and Chelsea have done a little bit, but when you think what Bayern Munich did – signing Mario Götze before the end of the season – it's not been as busy as I'd have envisaged. I thought Arsenal would have gone big and early. The noises coming out of the club are that they're going to try and spend bigger than they have done and we're still waiting.
It's all waiting for that domino effect to kick in, for the one big player to move and the rest to fall into place. But you've got Monaco and PSG coming to the fore, blowing people out of the water, which is setting one or two of our clubs back a bit in terms of aspirations.
Can Tottenham Hotspur achieve a Champions League place this time around?
GN: They should have got into the top four last season. The position they were in when they beat Arsenal at White Hart Lane in March: at that stage I never thought for a minute they wouldn't get into the top four. But losing Sandro was a big problem for them and set them back. They also needed more back-up at centre-forward and there was a heavy reliance upon Gareth Bale, and that ended up costing them. Even so, it was generally a pretty good performance from Tottenham. Yet you always wonder if they've got it in them to go again, to spend big or get the players in required to make that breakthrough.
Manchester United, Chelsea and Manchester City will all be there. So you're talking about Arsenal – who will be better next season, and will eventually sign two or three players to take them forward – Liverpool and Tottenham competing for that final spot. Last year was the bigger opportunity for Spurs to reach the top four, more than this year. This year could be tougher. It goes without saying that, if they lose Bale, that would be a massive blow. But the noises at the moment are that Tottenham are not willing to sell and they are not wanting to leave. So that is promising.
Similarly, how critical for Liverpool is keeping hold of Luis Suárez?
GN: Losing them would be a huge blow. It's critical they keep him. The goals they scored last year and their performance level, rather up to the time they were suspended, were fantastic. They were well in contention to be player of the year. You never know who Liverpool might have backed up to replace them should they go but, if they've got aspirations of finishing in the Champions League places, they need to keep him. It would be a message. Keeping them is to say: "We want to get back in the Champions League." Brendan Rodgers had a period where they were settling into the club, and everybody accepted that. Everyone agreed it will take them time to put their philosophy in place. This year they'll be expecting improvement, and so will their manager. Losing Suárez would be detrimental to that, so it's critical they stay.
Do you anticipate the battle against relegation to be as tight as ever?
GN: One thing I did in my first year doing Monday Night Football with Sky, which was a bit naïve of me, was standing up there making a fool of myself predicting who would be relegated. I remember Wigan, with 10 games to go the year before last, and saying they were "gone". Then, all of a sudden, they went on the most incredible run. Last year, because of that memory, you almost think Wigan will get out of it because of what they did the year before, and they ended up going down. You really can make a fool of yourself.
The interesting club to look at is Aston Villa. Everyone would have seen the [Christian] Benteke news in the last couple of days and the fact they have put in a transfer request. Obviously it's a team and squad game, but their impact on them staying up last year was enormous. I know they were supported by [Gabriel] Agbonlahor and [Andreas] Weimann in particular, and at the end they really were a threat on the counterattack with their pace up front. That's a real interesting one, Aston Villa, in terms of the Benteke situation and how they cope. Last year it was close for them and now their star player has asked for a transfer. You wouldn't want to see them scrambling around again this year.
Sky Sports will show 43 live Premier Leagues matches between August and December including all head-to-heads between last season's top four. Go to skysports.com/football
We've known that AMD are targeting the largest chunk of PC gamers with their upcoming Polaris-based Radeon RX 480 card. After all, how can you not when you set $US199 as the price point?
Question is: what was the card going to be priced in Australia? We finally know.
Image: Supplied
Update: Major Australian retailers are now starting to unveil their prices, and one has come out with an absolute doozy. A 4GB version of the RX 480 is selling for $319, while 8GB models start from $379.
The first price for the AMD's Radeon RX 480 from an Australian retailer was revealed late last night. An 8GB model from MSI with a 3 year warranty will set locals back $419, according to a listing posted by a Victorian vendor.
Image: Supplied screenshot from http://www.pc-tek.com.au/
The price, however, is likely to be at the low end for the RX 480. The precise cost of boards will vary from brand to brand, but two separate sources have told me that at least one manufacturer's recommended price will be $439. It's understood that the 4GB model will not be available immediately.
The news will undoubtedly disappoint some fans who were hoping for AMD to compete aggressively with NVIDIA on price. Expectations on social media ranged from as low as $300 for the 4GB model, a price point that undoubtedly will not be met in Australia.
Here's a list of the publicly known specs for AMD's Polaris 10 and 11 line, the RX 460, 470 and 480. A lot of data about the RX 480 has leaked in the past week, ranging from GPU-Z screenshots to livestreams and YouTube clips. Details on the 470 and 460, however, are more subject to change as cards land in the hands of reviewers.
The Polaris 10/11 Line Radeon RX 480 Radeon RX 470 Radeon RX 460 Core Polaris 10 XT Polaris 10 Polaris 11 Peak Compute 5.83 teraflops Around 5 teraflops Around 2 teraflops Memory 4/8GB GDDR5 4/8GB GDDR5 2/4GB GDDR5 Thermal Design Power 150W 110W 75W RAM Bandwidth 256.0GB/s 224 GB/s 112 GB/s RAM Speed 8Gbps 7Gbps 7Gbps
The pricing also comes after a screenshot leaked from a Polish magazine yesterday showing the RX 480 achieving around 128fps in Metro: Last Light Redux and 89fps in The Witcher 3 using the High preset.
The benchmarks seem a little odd — you don't often see World of Tanks as a reference point, and you also don't see an Intel Core i5 CPU used in many testing rigs.
Still, more information is better than less and it's interesting to see the RX 480 against the GTX 970. Both cards are targeting roughly the same price point, with the GTX 970 starting from $400 and the cheapest RX 480 set to be a fraction above that.
AMD's NDA on the RX 480 doesn't officially lift until 11:00 PM tonight. We'll have our set of benchmarks up tonight, where you'll be able to see how the RX 480 compares against the R9 390X, as well as the top of the line offering from NVIDIA.
9/11 Truth Protesters Booted From Giuliani Event MSNBC | November 11, 2007
Matthew E. Berger LOVELAND, Col o. -- About a half dozen protestors were asked to leave a local coffeehouse Saturday where Giuliani was visiting, after they shouted questions about conspiracies surrounding the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. No formal arrests were made, according to Loveland Police Sgt. Greg Eisentraut, but about a half dozen protesters were removed from the event, after trying to ask Giuliani whether they had advanced knowledge of the terrorist attacks. One protestor, who was detained by police, described themselves as the publisher and Editor-In-Chief of New York Megaphone and was led away by officers on both arms, yelling, I have an excellent attorney. What you did was illegal, they screamed at police officials. What you did was a violation of the f------ Bill of Rights. The protesters used megaphones to scream that Giuliani had advanced knowledge of the pending towers' collapse. They also made other claims, including that Giuliani was not a true conservative because of their views on abortion. After Giuliani left, attendees honked their car horns to drown out the protestors, who remained outside the parking lot, yelling into megaphones and arguing with Giuliani backers. Giuliani downplayed the protestors, who dogged them throughout the coffeehouse visit. It's part of America, Giuliani said. You learn when you are mayor of New York City that people have all kinds of different opinions, all kinds of different views. It's not anything I don't expect; it's not anything I haven't faced before, probably considerably bigger than this. After being mayor of New York for eight years, I would consider this event kind of minor, four-, five-person protest. They said conspiracy theorists are protesting all over the place. It's very sad, they said. It's not true. But you're not going to convince them it's not true. Somehow their emotions overtake they logic and their rationality. FULL STORY: CLICK HERE Alex Jones' terrifying new film End Game: Blueprint For Global Enslavement explores the history of eugenics and answers why the elite are so obsessed with thinning the human population. Click here to order the DVD or subscribe to prison planet.tv and watch the documentary in high quality online streaming format. E-MAIL THIS LINK
Enter recipient's e-mail:
Infowars.com is Copyright 2007 Alex Jones | Fair Use Notice
WASHINGTON — Democratic senators who have been working on legislation providing greater protections to reporters who refuse to identify confidential sources are backpedaling from WikiLeaks, the Web site that recently disclosed more than 75,000 classified documents related to the Afghanistan war.
Senators Charles E. Schumer and Dianne Feinstein, Democrats of New York and California, are drafting an amendment to make clear that the bill's protections extend only to traditional news-gathering activities and not to Web sites that serve as a conduit for the mass dissemination of secret documents. The so-called “media shield” bill is awaiting a vote on the Senate floor.
“WikiLeaks should not be spared in any way from the fullest prosecution possible under the law,” Mr. Schumer said in a statement. “Our bill already includes safeguards when a leak impacts national security, and it would never grant protection to a Web site like this one, but we will take this extra step to remove even a scintilla of doubt.”
The bill would allow reporters, when faced with subpoenas seeking to compel them to testify about their confidential sources, to ask a federal judge to quash the demand rather than fining or jailing them for contempt of court if they refuse to comply. About three dozen states have such a law for state courts.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Under the bill, federal judges would evaluate requests to quash a subpoena by balancing the public interest against the need to identify a source, providing different levels of protection depending on the nature of the case.
Moody's Investors Service upgraded the outlook to positive from stable on Portugal's sovereign ratings.
The agency cited improving resilience of Portugal's economic growth, ongoing fiscal improvements and strengthening government debt structure as reasons for the latest action.
The agency expects a marked pick-up in economic growth to 2.5 percent in 2017. The agency also forecasts investment activity to remain buoyant and continue to contribute to growth over the forecast horizon.
Further, Moody's observed that Portugal's fiscal consolidation efforts exceeded expectations in 2016, resulting in a decline in the budget deficit to 2 percent of GDP, from 4.4 percent in 2015. The budget deficit is expected to remain below 3 percent in coming years.
According to Moody's, active debt management policies have helped increase the resilience of Portuguese state debt to market developments, including from a gradual increase in interest rates.
Source: RTT News
Concurrent hash maps.
This crate implements concurrent hash maps, based on bucket-level multi-reader locks. It has excellent performance characteristics¹ and supports resizing, in-place mutation and more.
The API derives directly from std::collections::HashMap , giving it a familiar feel.
¹Note that it heavily depends on the behavior of your program, but in most cases, it's really good. In some (rare) cases you might want atomic hash maps instead.
chashmap is not lockless, but it distributes locks across the map such that lock contentions (which is what could make accesses expensive) are very rare.
Hash maps consists of so-called "buckets", which each defines a potential entry in the table. The bucket of some key-value pair is determined by the hash of the key. By holding a read-write lock for each bucket, we ensure that you will generally be able to insert, read, modify, etc. with only one or two locking subroutines.
There is a special-case: reallocation. When the table is filled up such that very few buckets are free (note that this is "very few" and not "no", since the load factor shouldn't get too high as it hurts performance), a global lock is obtained while rehashing the table. This is pretty inefficient, but it rarely happens, and due to the adaptive nature of the capacity, it will only happen a few times when the map has just been initialized.
When two hashes collide, they cannot share the same bucket, so there must be an algorithm which can resolve collisions. In our case, we use linear probing, which means that we take the bucket following it, and repeat until we find a free bucket.
This method is far from ideal, but superior methods like Robin-Hood hashing works poorly (if at all) in a concurrent structure.
The API should feel very familiar, if you are used to the libstd hash map implementation. They share many of the methods, and I've carefully made sure that all the items, which have similarly named items in libstd, matches in semantics and behavior.
Wrap-Up – Wednesday night in Indiana was a combination of one team that had left a lot on their home floor the previous evening and another that boasts one of the league's best defenses. That adds up to the Cavaliers netting 58 points in the first half of the contest and just 23 in the second – spelling a 96-81 loss on Wednesday night at Bankers Life Fieldhouse.
CJ Miles followed up their 26-point effort on Tuesday with a game-high 28 on Wednesday. But they were one of only two Cavaliers to notch double-figures – joined by Samardo Samuels, who notched eight of their 10 points in the second quarter. Anderson Varejao grabbed 12 boards but went 0-9 from the floor in the loss.
Turning Point – The Cavaliers were cruising in the first half of Tuesday's matchup, leading by as many as 16 in the second period. But closing quarters is always huge on the road, and the Pacers ran off a 9-0 surge before intermission. Indy proceeded to rattle off nine straight points to start the second half and a cool-shooting Cavalier club couldn't catch up.
Game Ball – C.J. Miles – After getting their first start of the season on Tuesday, C.J. Miles followed up with another strong performance – getting the Cavs rolling by scoring 16 of Cleveland's first 20 points. Miles hit five of their first six three-point attempts and finished 6-of-9 from beyond the arc and 4-of-4 from the stripe.
By the Numbers – 18.8 … Miles' scoring average over the past week. After struggling early this season, Miles is playing with newfound confidence, average a gaudy 27.0 ppg as a starter.
Quotable – Coach Byron Scott, breaking down Wednesday's loss …
“Winning in this league is very hard. And I thought we just caved in to the pressure that (Indiana) was giving us and we just stopped playing – period. And that's how we got our butts kicked.”
Seen and Heard – Tyler Zeller, one of three brothers who were all named Mr. Basketball Indiana, had both their parents and their brother, Cody, in the crowd. At various points in the game, the crowd teased Tyler with comparisons to their younger brother, who's been projected by some to be this June's No. 1 pick.
PORTLAND (WGME) – Graffiti is turning political in Portland, after a popular wall is tagged with anti-LePage messages.
The most recent, depicting the governor as a member of the Ku Klux Klan.
The graffiti went up after the governor's most recent controversial comments, including a vulgar voicemail left for a democratic representative, and efforts by democrats to have them removed from office.
The city of Portland says the graffiti is not coming down.
Spray paint artists in the city are taking aim at Governor Paul LePage.
Huge letters spell out "DUMP LEPAGE,” and another depicts the governor dressed as a member of the Ku Klux Klan, with the words "racist, homophobe and moron."
The wall of the sewage treatment plant belongs to the Portland Water District, which started allowing graffiti back in 2001, but doesn't monitor it for offensive messages.
A spokesperson for the City of Portland says their hands are tied because it's legal graffiti, and a matter of free speech. The only rule is that artists be respectful of each other's work.
Love or hate this message, don't expect it to be there for long.
Last week, "DUMP LEPAGE" was painted in bold letters under an overpass. That was state property, so the Department of Transportation immediately made plans to take it down.
No word whether these were done by the same artist, no one has taken credit.
PNY GeForce GTX 970 Video Card
The PNY GeForce GTX 970 Video Card enhances your gaming experience. It is equipped with a PCI Express 3.0 interface which works at a speed of 16 for convenient usage. The PNY GeForce GTX 970 Video Card has a NVIDIA GeForce chipset which enables a powerful performance. It also features NVIDIA GeForce GT 900 GPU series which allows you to enjoy a variety of games. Other features of the PNY GeForce GTX 970 Video Card include NVIDIA SLI Ready, NVIDIA GPU Boost 2.0, NVIDIA G-Sync Ready, NVIDIA Super Resolution Technology, and NVIDIA SHIELD Ready. This card is also equipped with 4GB GDDR5 memory to process large graphical data simultaneously and provide excellent output. Order the PNY GeForce GTX 970 Video Card now!
What It Is And Why You Need It:
CLOSE (Editor's note: This video was originally published Sept. 4, 2014) A look into the life of Green Bay Packers legend Bart Starr during their childhood years and playing days at Lanier High School in Montgomery, Alabama. USA TODAY NETWORK-Wisconsin
Bart Starr and wife Cherry Starr during a visit to Florida in September 2017. (Photo: Courtesy of the Bart Starr family)
GREEN BAY - Hall of Fame quarterback Bart Starr will attend the Green Bay Packers' game Sunday against the New Orleans Saints, their family said Thursday.
Starr, 83, hasn't attended a Packers game since their appearance on Thanksgiving Night in 2015, when they took part in the ceremony for the unveiling of Brett Favre's retired No. 4 on the north façade in Lambeau Field.
Starr has been recovering from the physical and cognitive aftereffects of a heart attack and series of strokes in 2014 and was unable to attend a Packers game last season. But their health has improved in the past few months, and early this week their family determined that they were well enough to make the trip.
RELATED: Bart Starr considers return for Packers reunion weekend
RELATED: How Lambeau Field saved the Packers in Green Bay
RELATED: Favre, Starr share memorable night at Lambeau Field
This also is the weekend the Packers Hall of Fame is celebrating the 50th anniversary of the 1967 championship team. Starr's family said it could not commit to theirs being able to attend the celebration Saturday evening at the Lambeau Field Atrium.
The 1967 team won the famous “Ice Bowl” against Dallas and Super Bowl II over the Oakland Raiders. The sold-out event, which runs from 5 to 9 p.m., will feature several players from that team: Dave Robinson, Jerry Kramer, Marv Fleming, Boyd Dowler, Carroll Dale, Ken Bowman, Zeke Bratkowski, Bob Long and Chuck Mercein.
There also will be a life-size statue of Starr.
Starr, though, will attend the Packers game Sunday along with their family and former teammates.
It's the modern-day bureaucratic nightmare — Someone steals something that belongs to you, and the one party that could easily do something about it refuses to listen to you because its records show that the thief is the rightful owner. According to developer Naoki Hiroshima, someone lusted after their Twitter handle (@N) so badly that they went to great lengths, hijacking their personal website in a (sadly successful) extortion attempt.
Hiroshima writes about the ordeal in detail on Medium.com [via TheNextWeb] but here are the basics of the red-tape nightmare that lost them a Twitter handle worth several thousands of dollars.
In fact, writes Hiroshima, he'd received numerous potentially lucrative offers for their @N handle since he'd scored that Twitter account way back in the Twitter stone age of 2007. They claim to have had as much as $50,000 dangled in front of them for the rare, single-letter account.
In addition to the legitimate purchase attempts, they say that hackers are constantly attempting to breach this account or any of these others in an effort to get control of the Twitter handle.
Then on Jan. 20, they received an “Account Settings Change Confirmation,” notice from GoDaddy, the company through which he'd registered their personal domain name.
“If these modifications were made without your consent, please log in to your account and update your security settings,” reads the e-mail, “If you are unable to log in to your account or if unauthorized changes have been made to domain names associated with the account, please contact our customer support team for assistance: support@godaddy.com or (480) 505-8877.”
Hiroshima was not able to log in and so they called the number, as per the instructions.
“The representative asked me the last 6 digits of my credit card number as a method of verification,” they write. “This didn't work because the credit card information had already been changed by an attacker. In fact, all of my information had been changed. I had no way to prove I was the real owner of the domain name.”
All the rep could do was tell them to file a case report, complete with their government ID info, with GoDaddy in an attempt to prove that they were who they claimed to be. Of course, this didn't really help because their info was no longer associated with the account.
Meanwhile, the hacker who'd hijacked their site was able to control Hiroshima's e-mail account.
They smartly changed the e-mail address associated with their Twitter account, making sure the hacker did not have access to that much-desired public feed.
The hacker persisted in attempting to get the Twitter account e-mail changed over, but to no avail. And so the hacker began e-mailing Hiroshima, making their extortion attempt quite clear.
Reads the e-mail from the hacker, who dubbed themselves “Social Media King”:
I've seen you spoke with an accomplice of mine, I would just like to inform you that you were correct, @N was the target. it appears extremely inactive, I would also like to inform you that your GoDaddy domains are in my possession, one fake purchase and they can be repossessed by godaddy and never seen again D: I see you run quite a few nice websites so I have left those alone for now, all data on the sites has remained intact. Would you be willing to compromise? access to @N for about 5minutes while I swap the handle in exchange for your godaddy, and help to secure your data?
Meanwhile, GoDaddy confirmed it could and would not help Hiroshima because they were no longer the current registrant. To us, this is like police telling a homeowner you can't kick out squatters because they live in the house now.
Even a promised investigation by a GoDaddy exec (contacted by Hiroshima though a mutual acquaintance) has thus far resulted in nothing.
Realizing he'd rather cede their Twitter handle and go public with the whole ridiculous story, Hiroshima finally gave in to the extortionists demands and gave up the Twitter account he'd had for almost seven years.
After the hacker handed Hiroshima back the keys to their website, they provided the following explanation for how PayPal and GoDaddy facilitated the hijacking:
– I called paypal and used some very simple engineering tactics to obtain the last four of your card (avoid this by calling paypal and asking the agent to add a note to your account to not release any details via phone) – I called godaddy and told them I had lost the card but I remembered the last four, the agent then allowed me to try a range of numbers (00-09 in your case) I have not found a way to heighten godaddy account security, however if you'd like me to recommend a more secure registrar i recommend: NameCheap or eNom (not network solutions but enom.com)
Reps for PayPay, Twitter, and GoDaddy tell TheNextWeb that each of the companies is investigating the matter.
Meanwhile, Hiroshima has launched the new Twitter handle @N_is_stolen.
Niagara County SPCA hasn't added a story.
Gladys was found by 2 employees from Modern Disposal as they began their morning garbage pick-up. Gladys was found in a garbage can in the 600 block of 30th Street in Niagara Falls. It is clear that Gladys was hit by a car and then stuffed into a garbage can. We are not sure if they were placed into the garbage can by the owner, the person who hit them or by a bystander. We also don't know if the person who placed them there had thought they were deceased or just didn't want to deal with the situation. What we do know is that the injury likely happened a few days ago as infection has set in.  They are about 8 weeks old and a very sweet little girl despite the pain that they are in. X-rays have been taken and they do have a fractured jaw. A piece of bone from their jaw is also displaced and is sitting vertically in their jaw. The veterinarian at Companion Care Animal Hospital has called in a Veterinarian that specializes in dental procedures to see what can be done for this sweet girl. Right now they are resting comfortably, eating a special diet that can be lapped up and is on antibiotics to get the infection under control. The Niagara County SPCA is asking the public to help us with funding Gladys' jaw and dental repair surgery which will cost $2,000. Any money raised above and beyond the cost of Gladys' surgery will be applied to our general emergency fund to aid other animals in need. On behalf of the Niagara County SPCA, Gladys and animals like her, thank you for your generosity!
UPDATE:
We're moving our Sonics Rising bracket over to Yahoo. Apologies from me on it, SBN let us know after I created this group and our post that we roll with Yahoo on SBN for these sorts of things. I take the blame for not checking first, so fire your invectives at me. The Yahoo group for Sonics Rising is - https://tournament.fantasysports.yahoo.com/quickenloansbracket/group/189972/join?key=5215cc39bd039195 and that is where you get your shot at a cool billion dollars.
Pool ID#: 189972
Password: sonics
Readers of Sonics Rising - as you may be aware, there is still basketball, sweet, sweet basketball, being played outside of the NBA for those of you who for whom the NBA is still dead to you.
Therefore, we bring you this 2014 NCAA Tournament Challenge!
This is (now) a Yahoo league - Click here to join!
Win this, and you have bragging rights for the whole next year.
In the comments, let us know your reasoning on how you picked your bracket. Are you the kind who picks based on which mascot is toughest? Maybe you're going with the color orange this year? Or only teams that use animals and insects that fly?
Whatever it is, chime in and join in. Basketball is supposed to be fun, and it doesn't get much more fun the NCAA Tournament time in my opinion!
And despite the image I've selected for this article, anybody but Duke!
The initial attacks against Chuck Hagel as Secretary of Defense included a virtual mantra that the former Nebraska senator was “out of the mainstream” of thinking on the Middle East. Even in their endorsement of Hagel yesterday, Tom Friedman noted that “some of their views are not ‘mainstream.'” But that's nonsense, particularly when it comes to the Middle East. The fact is this: Hagel's views on the Middle East — favoring a “lighter footprint” in the region; taking a more even-handed approach to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict; strong skepticism about any U.S. military intervention in Syria, and military intervention in general; opposition to an Israeli strike against Iran's nuclear program — very much reflect those of a significant majority of the U.S. public. We know that because poll after poll of U.S. public opinion during the last year and more shows it.
Now, as Elliott Abrams predictably points out on their blog about the results of a new Pew poll, it's absolutely true that a significant plurality of Americans sympathize more with Israel than with the Palestinians. That is not in question and has been true for a very long time. But note in their post how they complain about public attitudes toward intervening more in Syria's civil conflict, a position they and other neo-cons have been pushing for a long time. (Of course, Elliott blames Obama for the lack of public enthusiasm for intervention, just as they blame close to everything which, in their view, goes bad in the region, on Obama's passivity or some other flaw, never recalling that their work as George W. Bush's chief Mideast aide helped dig the deep hole which Obama has been trying to climb out of.) According to the poll, nearly two-thirds of respondents said they feel the U.S. has no responsibility for involving itself in Syria, and 65% oppose even the arming of anti-Assad rebels. So it's the neo-cons' interventionist views that, in this case, are clearly “outside the mainstream.” Similarly, take a PIPA poll from early October this year. Asked whether the U.S. should become more or less involved in the Middle East, 23% opted for the former. But a whopping 63% said the U.S. should become “less involved.” Again, the neo-con view doesn't represent the “mainstream.” Hagel — and Obama, for that matter — seems much closer.
But back to the U.S. public's views about Israel (and I apologize for not doing a more thorough analysis, but the circumstances in which I find myself over this vacation are such that I can't do the kind of research and linking I'd like to). What worries the neo-cons and the Israel lobby about Hagel is that, while they support Israel, they don't see it as having the same or, in some cases, similar interests and values as the United States. At times, they even see big differences in interests between the two countries, especially in the Middle East. Neo-cons and the Israel lobby, on the other hand, are devoted to the proposition that their interests and values are one and the same. To some extent, the success of those efforts is reflected in the greater sympathy that a large plurality of Americans feel for Israel, as opposed to the Palestinians. (There are other reasons why this is so, too.)
But let's consider just a few polling results over the past year that might shed some light on how the general public perceives the convergence of U.S. and Israeli interests. Back in February, Gallup did their annual survey of the favorability ratings of individual countries around the world. If the Israel lobby had its way, Israel would rank at the top, but that's not the case at all. In fact, while Israel ranks relatively high, it's quite amazing to consider which countries are considered more positively. Of course, the leading Anglosphere countries top the list, with Canada at 96%, Australia at 93%, and Great Britain at 90%. One would expect Israel to come in at right around Britain's level, but that's not the case. Germany ranked #4 at 86%, followed by Japan at 83%; and — get this! — perfidious France, which only ten years ago almost lost its claim to fried potatoes sold in the Congressional cafeterias because of its opposition to the neocon-inspired invasion of Iraq, scored 75%. And, tied with France was…India(!!!!), which has no serious military relationship, let alone an alliance, with the U.S. and won't even buy our nuclear plants or fighter jets. Only then, after France and India, comes Israel, at 71%! While the view of Israel is still clearly positive, it hardly suggests that the general public, unlike the Congress and its many standing ovations for Bibi Netanyahu, accepts the Jewish state as its BFF, as Abrams et. al. seem to think.
Also take a look at the latest in a series of quadrennial polls conducted earlier this year and released in September by the Chicago Council on Global Affairs. While the general public hopes to reduce direct U.S. involvement in the Middle East, a 50% plurality said one of the very few situations in which they would support the deployment of U.S. troops there would be as part of a peacekeeping force to help ensure an Israeli-Palestinian settlement. Asked how they would feel if Israel was attacked by its neighbors, a 50% plurality would oppose the U.S. taking any military action; 47% percent said they would favor it.
Asked about U.S. economic aid to Israel, a mere 11% said it should be increased and another 45% said it should remain the same. But 23% said it should be reduced, while 18% said it should be halted altogether. Forty-one percent is not insignificant. Similar figures applied to military aid (which Congress and the administration continue to increase, what with Iron Dome, etc.)
Most important — and this goes to the latest Pew stats cited by Abrams — the Council asked about what side, if any, the U.S. should take in the conflict between Israel and the Palestinians. While 30% said Washington should take Israel's side and only three percent said it should side with the Palestinians, a strong 65% majority said it should take neither side. This is consistent with virtually all polling done on this question, which, it bears repeating, is far more relevant than the question of which side you sympathize with most. The fact is, around two-thirds of the U.S. public believes Washington should act as an honest broker between the two sides, which, as I understand it, is what Hagel has long argued. Again, on this, it's the neo-cons and the Israel lobby that lie outside the mainstream, as do the vast majority of members of Congress, judging by all the AIPAC-drafted resolutions, statements, and letters they sign on to.
Finally, the Chicago Council asked respondents to say what they would prefer the U.S. do if Israel attacks Iran's nuclear facilities, and Iran then retaliated against Israel. The question was, should the U.S. “bring its military on the side of Israel against Iran?” Thirty-eight percent of respondents said yes, but a 56% majority said no. (Joint Chiefs of Staff Chairman Mark Dempsey, of course, also suggested their answer would be no.) Of course, this is not the reigning view in Congress, at least at the moment.
As I noted, this is a pretty cursory glance at some polls about how the general public sees the identity or difference in interests between the U.S. and Israel. But I'm confident that if you troll among many polls, these results would be pretty representative. Like Hagel, the general public has expressed support in various surveys for a two-state solution along the Clinton parameters, but I don't think most neocons support that, while the Israel lobby takes its cues from Bibi whose sincerity on the issue is subject to considerable doubt, particularly in light of the most recent settlement announcements. Again, it's the neocons who appear outside the mainstream, certainly not Hagel. The disconnect here is found in Congress where the lobby exercises its greatest influence. Indeed, the measure of the influence — and/or intimidation — exerted by the lobby can be seen precisely in that disconnect between Congress (and the Beltway Bubble) and the general public.
Photo: Junko Kimura/Getty Images
Impressive... model guidance (eg, GFS) indicating surface air temperatures hovering just below freezing at the #NorthPole later this week pic.twitter.com/VN1chMSvu0 — Zack Labe (@ZLabe) December 20, 2016
Yikes. The Arctic isn't so "arctic" anymore.
Bad news for Santa Claus
For the second year in a row, temperatures in the Arctic region have spiked, startling scientists.
Computer models projected that on Thursday the area near the North Pole will be 40-50 degrees warmer than normal, approaching 32 degrees F, according to the Washington Post.
The weather model estimates the lowest pressure will be close to 945 millibars, which is comparable to many Category 3 hurricanes.
a look spatially at temperatures/anomalies and MSLP during period:
maps from https://t.co/3ktgI4H39L and https://t.co/Kx4w3h3uLP pic.twitter.com/S2jPkRdd73 — Zack Labe (@ZLabe) December 20, 2016
On some forecast maps, temperatures don't go as high as predicted.
A look at the loss of thicker (usually older) #Arctic sea ice in Octobers from 1979-2016 (PIOMAS, ice < 1.5 meters masked black) pic.twitter.com/BtHCwVUdKk — Zack Labe (@ZLabe) November 14, 2016
Here's a look at how the ice in the Arctic has melted in recent years.
Arctic sea ice levels are at a record lows. In November, the Arctic usually gains ice, but over a period of five days it saw 19,000 square miles of ice cover vanish, which NOAA called “almost unprecedented”.
This grandmother got their atheist grandson the perfect Christmas present
WATCH | For the news you need, check out our 60 Second Circa.
These elite #ThrowbackThursday photos are just too good not to share. Here's a countdown of our favorites from Instagram and Twitter.
10. Shalane Flanagan
9. Alysia Montaño
I couldn't wait until #tbt! My mum sent me this picture. I'm upset my bubble from the bubble gum I was chewing popped and got stuck on my face. What I love is that my parents took a moment in my distress to take a photo. That's love. #memoriesmonday
8. Ryan Hall
#tbt My 1st senior US Nationals, ran the 1500m as a high schooler. Finished last in my heat. #keepBelieving pic.twitter.com/05n1rEtTZs — Ryan Hall (@ryanhall3) October 10, 2013
7. Molly Huddle
6. Mo Farah
Back in my days...!!
5. Lauren Fleshman
#tbt First crush. "Sure I'll help carry these and not make eye contact."
4. Kate Grace
#tbt for the best prom pic ever. still can't believe the photographer suggested this(thanks @Aricvh for reminding me) pic.twitter.com/IvOqghdzlM — Kate Grace (@fastk8) May 8, 2014
3. Jordan Hasay
#ThrowbackThursday Dress up day, Pocahontas!!
2. Nick Symmonds
3 yo me cooler than 30 yo me. Need to find this outfit... #TBT
1. Kara Goucher
The start of an epic series. Yes, I had a boyfriend... And a mom- who allowed me to look like this. #tbt
This month's Supreme Court hearing in the Julian Assange case has profound meaning for the preservation of basic freedoms in western democracies. This is Assange's final appeal against their extradition to Sweden to face allegations of sexual misconduct that were originally dismissed by the chief prosecutor in Stockholm and constitute no crime in Britain.
The consequences, if they lose, lie not in Sweden but in the shadows cast by America's descent into totalitarianism. In Sweden, they are at risk of being "temporarily surrendered" to the US, where their life has been threatened and they are accused of "aiding the enemy" with Bradley Manning, the young soldier accused of leaking evidence of US war crimes to WikiLeaks.
The connections between Manning and Assange have been concocted by a secret grand jury in Virginia that allowed no defence counsel or witnesses, and by a system of plea-bargaining that ensures a 90 per cent conviction rate. It is reminiscent of a Soviet show trial.
Moral choice
The Obama administration's determination to crush Assange is revealed in secret Australian government documents, released under Freedom of Information, which describe Washington's pursuit of WikiLeaks as "unprecedented". It is unprecedented because it subverts the First Amendment of the US constitution, which protects truth-tellers such as WikiLeaks. In 2008 Barack Obama said, "Government whistleblowers are part of a healthy democracy and must be protected from reprisal." Obama has since prosecuted twice as many whistleblowers as all previous US presidents.
With US courts demanding to see the worldwide accounts of Twitter, Google and Yahoo, the threat to Assange, an Australian, extends to any internet user anywhere. Washington's enemy is not "terrorism" but the principle of free speech and voices of conscience within its militarist state and those journalists brave enough to tell their stories.
“How do you prosecute Julian Assange and not the New York Times?" a former administration official told Reuters. The threat is well understood by the New York Times, which in 2010 published a selection of the WikiLeaks cables. The editor at the time, Bill Keller, boasted that they had sent the cables to the state department for vetting. Their obeisance extended to their denial that WikiLeaks was a "partner" - which it was - and to personal attacks on Assange. The message to all journalists was clear: do your job as it should be done and you are traitors; do your job as we say you should and you are journalists.
Much of the media's depiction of Bradley Manning illuminates this. The world's pre-eminent prisoner of conscience, Manning remained true to the Nuremberg principle that every soldier has the right to a "moral choice". But according to the New York Times, they are weird or mad, a "geek". In an "exclusive investigation", the Guardian reported them as an "unstable" gay man who got "out of control" and who "wet himself" when they were "picked on". Such psycho-hearsay serves to suppress the truth of the outrage Manning felt at the wanton killing in Iraq, their moral heroism and the criminal complicity of their military superiors. "I prefer a painful truth over any blissful fantasy," they reportedly said.
The treatment handed out to Assange is well documented, though not the duplicitous and cowardly behaviour of their own government. Australia remains a colony in all but name. Australian intelligence agencies are branches of the main office in Washington. The Australian military has played a regular role as US mercenary. When Prime Minister Gough Whitlam tried to change this in 1975 and secure Australia's partial independence, they were dismissed by a governor general using archaic "reserve powers" who was revealed to have intelligence connections.
Don't explain
WikiLeaks has given Australians a rare glimpse of how their country is run. In 2010, leaked US cables disclosed that top government figures in the Labor Party coup that brought Julia Gillard to power were "protected" sources of the US embassy: what the CIA calls "assets". Kevin Rudd, the prime minister Gillard ousted, apparently had displeased Washington by being disobedient, even suggesting that Australian troops withdraw from Afghanistan.
In the wake of their portentous rise to power, Gillard attacked WikiLeaks's actions as "illegal" and their attorney general threatened to withdraw Assange's passport. Yet the Australian Federal Police reported that Assange and Wiki­Leaks had broken no law. Freedom of Information files have since shown that Australian diplomats have colluded with the US in its pursuit of Assange. This is not unusual. The government of John Howard ignored the rule of law and conspired with the US to keep David Hicks, an Australian citizen, in Guantanamo Bay, where they were tortured.
Australia's principal intelligence organisation, Asio, is allowed to imprison refugees indefinitely without explanation, prosecution or appeal.
Every Australian citizen in grave difficulty overseas is said to have the right to diplomatic support. The denial of this to Assange, bar the perfunctory, is an unreported scandal. Last September their London lawyer, Gareth Peirce, wrote to the Australian government warning that Assange's "personal safety and security has become at risk in circumstances that have become highly politically charged". Only when the Melbourne Age reported that they had received no response did a dissembling official letter turn up. In November, Peirce and I briefed the Australian consul general in London, Ken Pascoe. One of Britain's most experienced human rights lawyers, Peirce told them they feared a unique miscarriage of justice if Assange was extradited and their government remained silent. The silence remains.
A new report reveals the shocking amount of money donated by the W.K. Kellogg Foundation to left-wing, pro-socialist organizations in coordination with the Clintons and anti-American billionaire George Soros.
The extensive report by Capital Research Center (CRC), a conservative watchdog minding non-profit organizations, shows a long history of leftism by the foundation created by the man who founded the Michigan-based breakfast giant, Kellogg's. It also chronicles how far the foundation has drifted from its founder's wishes.
The W.K. Kellogg Foundation is one of the largest, left-wing donors in the country, according to the report:
The W.K. Kellogg Foundation is currently the seventh-largest philanthropy in the U.S. in terms of dollars, according to a 2016 analysis of the foundation. In 2015, the last year for which its IRS filings are available, the foundation distributed nearly 2,000 grants totaling $268,065,253. It ended the year with $448,430,564 in assets.
The Kellogg Foundation was originally founded to provide health care, healthy foods, and services for children in rural areas of the country. Its ultimate goal was to help Americans achieve self-reliance. But since the 1950s, the foundation began seriously straying from those ideals and edging toward funding anti-American socialist policies, ideals, and organizations.
Indeed, the report points out that Martin Morse Wooster wrote that Kellogg themselves complained about the “Socialist trend” in politics and “could not possibly have foreseen the way their organization would be used after their death to combat ‘white privilege,' or assist groups like ‘La Raza.'”
Sadly, W.K. Kellogg — who died in 1951 — did not lay out a concerted plan for their foundation to follow.
“The direction they gave to guide future trustees,” Wooster wrote, “was to ‘use the money as you please so long as it promotes the health, happiness, and well-being of children.'”
As CR's Michael Volpe writes on the foundation:
It supports trendy, left-wing causes that contend America is a hopelessly racist country, along with groups that wage war on the free markets that the great capitalist Kellogg championed while alive. Kellogg would naturally approve of the foundation's modern-day funding of hospitals, community centers, and children's welfare organizations. But they never used their foundation to promote their politics which were apparently right of center for their times.
So, just what are some of those “trendy” left-wing causes and organizations? The report reveals a long list of them, including ties to the Clintons and anti-American billionaire George Soros.
The foundation has, for instance, donated millions to the Mexican nationalist organization, La Raza — the group founded to “reclaim” the southwestern United States for Mexico. In 2015, the foundation gave $2,400,000 to the National Council of La Raza for “general operating support.”
Some of the money given to various La Raza and similar outfits are:
$125,000 to El Centro De Igualdad y Derechos (The Center for Equality and Rights) in Albuquerque
$400,000 to La Plaza De Encuentro (The Meeting Place) in Albuquerque
$25,000 for the Latin American Youth Center in Washington, DC
$204,000 National Hispanic Media Coalition
The Kellogg Foundation also has deep ties and associations with George Soros and the Clintons. In December, Breitbart News noted that Kellogg gave $200,000 to George Soros's far left Open Society Institute.
Kellogg also gave $930,000 to Black Lives Matter and millions to the Clintons and Soros.
“The Center for American Progress (CAP) — the left-wing think tank started by Clinton loyalists John Podesta and Harold Ickes — has taken in more than $5 million from Kellogg since 2013,” Capital Research reported.
Along with the left-wing Clinton think tank CAP, Kellogg has also given to the Center for Social Inclusion ($1,789,815); the Center for Equitable Growth ($395,625); Deoms ($3.3 million); the Center for Law and Social Policy ($698,086); and Ralph Nader's Public Citizen ($125,000).
The report has far more to reveal, but what is above will suffice to show just how far off-track the foundation has gone.
“Since its founding, the Kellogg philanthropy has given hundreds of millions of dollars to hospitals, schools, and youth centers, especially in rural and underprivileged areas,” Capital Research concluded. “But it has strayed from the goals of its conservative founder, thus betraying what is called ‘donor intent,' an important concept in the philanthropic community.”
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
Some inguinal hernias called reducible need only a simple manipulation then a monitoring. For the other more advanced inguinal hernias, the only option is the surgical operation.
Several surgical techniques exist. There are “open sky” surgeries, that is, the surgeon opens the abdomen or laparoscopy, a minimally invasive technique that requires only three incisions. Laparoscopy has several advantages: the patient recovers better, suffers less, has only a small scar and remains hospitalized for a shorter period. This technique is indicated especially for bilateral or recurrent hernias. It requires general anesthesia and the recurrence rate of inguinal hernia is higher than in open abdominal surgery. If you are looking for a Rhinoplasty Surgeon in Las Vegas, click here.
Whichever technique is chosen, this choice being made according to the patient, their age, general condition and other pathologies, the surgeon returns the viscera to their initial location in the abdominal cavity and then can place a kind of net, Called plaque (or hernioplasty), so that in the future they will not be able to resume the same path and thus cause an inguinal hernia again. The inguinal orifice is thus better sealed. The High Authority of Health (HAS) evaluated the efficacy of these plaques on the risk of recurrence and recommended that they be implemented whatever the surgical technique chosen.
This loss of abdominal organs (mainly intestinal) subcutaneous in the abdominal wall through special peritoneal hernia sac. Hernia – is one of the most common diseases for which treatment is required not only a common operation, but also plastic.
Causes and types
Hernia, including inguinal hernias are caused by intense physical exertion, a strong cough, constipation after surgery on their tummy. There are some types of the disease, more common inguinal hernia and umbilical hernia.
Inguinal and umbilical hernia can cause severe pain or be neglected, but they gradually increase in volume, so treatment should necessarily take place.
Treatment and plastic “media” clinical hernia
Inguinal hernia, umbilical and other types do not go away by themselves, you need to treat them. Not being able to help in their treatment or gymnastics, or drugs, or other means other than surgery. Surgical treatment of inguinale Hernia (plastic) It allows you to completely rid of the hernia sac and no trace of the disease.
Only plastic hernia completely eliminates this problem by wearing special bandages, intended to contain the internal organs in place, not excluding the risk of complications. Hernioplasty now performed in all hospitals, both public and private, but it is best done in specialized clinics, composed by experienced surgeons in the presence of all necessary equipment and the ability to use the full range of technologies.
In the clinic, “media” you hold surgery and postoperative inguinal and umbilical treat Hernia with a minimal risk of recurrence.
Plastic umbilical hernia
Plastic exposed hernia – a defect in the tendon or muscle of the abdominal wall through which the hernia bag goes with the contents.
I must say that the umbilical hernia operated since time immemorial. Barbers do – grizheseki. It is clear that the failures and complications of the surgery was not considered.
When the surgical treatment of the honor of a hernia awarded to doctors, the situation is somewhat improved. At least, the last known human anatomy, and cleverly used the asepsis rules in the operating room. But the multiple types of plastics proposed herniated sound local tissue from the patient did not bring surgeons encounter the high percentage of relapse.
This is not surprising. When the tension of the plastic used its own human tissue. It is necessary to pull them, sew unnatural ligament, apply at least 3 rows of stitches, wring the fabric, disrupt the circulation. Tissus does not forgive such torture.
Next Chapter >
A long time coming
Speedhunters' own Mad Mike Whiddett is the sort of guy that will blow you away with a build, and then a year or so later, do the seemingly impossible and go one better again. It's happened with each and every iteration of their famed MADBUL RX-7 since it was first built with a three-rotor engine back in 2006, and it certainly doesn't look like it's going to stop considering what Mike showed us back in October. I'm not exactly sure how they do it – maybe it's the globetrotting lifestyle that comes with the territory as a sponsored drift driver? 2013 was certainly a big year for Mike and the influences that they collected along the way obviously seeped through to their own builds.
One thing is absolutely certain though: when Mike embarks on a project, history tells us that the end result is going to be good regardless of the base vehicle they start with. Considering the variety of those base vehicles, it's also worth mentioning right here that there's not a lot of material Mike would shy away from. Japanese? Old school Euro? American? There's a lot going on inside that head of his.
This time however it's not a Mazda built to slide, but a 30-year-old Chevy built to cruise. Think of the epically-proportioned pickup truck as the yin to Mike's screaming rotary-powered yang and you'll be getting there. This isn't any old tow truck though. Oh no, this is the kind of metal that's big enough to live in, as well as haul race cars with.
It's not the first dually Mike has owned either: there was a '93 C30 that wore the licence plates BDYSLM, and then a blacked-out Dodge Ram, aka 666SRT, that they and their fiancée Toni, used to tow the RX-8 all over the US during the 2010 Formula Drift season. The Dodge was bought with the explicit idea of bringing it back home at the end of the championship, but an untimely amendment to New Zealand vehicle compliance laws – specifically in regards to late-model left-hand drive imports – ultimately thwarted their best-laid plans.
As disappointing as that was at the time, I think that things might have actually turned out for the best. Because, drift weaponry aside, Mike's an old school guy at heart, and even prior to owning 666SRT they had been on the hunt for an old, square bodied, crew cabbed Chevy truck for some time. It was that continual search that ultimately led them to West Virginia and this particular C30 dually – a truck that ticked all the right boxes in regards to vintage, specification and condition, with the added bonus of a C-notched chassis and a basic yet functional air ride system.
In conjuring up ideas for the project, Mike first imagined an old school take on the murdered out Dodge. There's little doubt the black-on-black scheme would have worked well on the C30, but in properly mapping the build out and calculating what level of investment was required to prepare the age-distorted panels for paint – let alone roll it into a commercial-size spray booth – the numbers just didn't add up.
The easier, and much more cost-effective option – for this initial build at least anyway – was to simply the leave the truck in the grey primer coated condition they purchased it in. That's the way the C30 is still presented today, albeit now dulled and dirty with surface rust now bleeding through to form a natural patina. It's definitely kind of cool.
Along the way there have been a few subtle changes made around the exterior bodywork that I'll get to soon, but it's actually what you can't see from the outside that now defines the truck. Much of that has to do with a guy named Mat Addis from The Drop Shop in Auckland – a friend of Mike's who was initially brought onto the project to check over the existing chassis modifications and air ride system for its mandatory compliance inspection prior to being registered for the road. Since the C30 had arrived in the country, the dually had been fixed up mechanically, fitted with the almost comically sized Alcoa wheels that they kept off Dodge and made to lay its frame on the ground at full drop; but in Mike's mind something was still not quite right.
That's because, by factory design the chassis sat lower than the bodywork, so although the rails would touch down on the tarmac when the appropriate switches were flicked, the truck's body remained suspended. It was a minor detail and something that Mike tells me no one really even picked up on when they showed them the C30 laid out in their workshop car park, but deep down it was a compromise that they knew they just wouldn't be able to live with for very long. As someone extremely well-versed in the art of custom car building, especially in the minitruck realm, Mat knew exactly what Mike was talking about. They were really interested in the project at a personal level too and immediately offered to right the Chevy's low-riding wrongs if Mike and Toni were willing to take the build to the next level. It should be pretty obvious by now that they were.
The Drop Shop chop
Over the space of six months, the C30 lived at The Drop Shop while Mat worked their way through an extensive list of modifications that would essentially allow the frame to sit higher up into the bodywork, or hang the body lower over the chassis, depending on which way you prefer to look at it. That process began by chopping out most of the rear end and fabricating a brand-new chassis with a custom four-link suspension arrangement.
Because Mike had planned to use the truck to tow their 36-foot box trailer full of drift car awesome and the required spares and consumables to run a full weekend event, everything was engineered with an industrial mindset. The huge C-notches for example, are not only constructed from heavy gauge steel, but they've been reinforced with extra plating and rose-jointed lower bars for extra strength.
Of course, given how far he'd be driving, the C30 needed to handle well too, hence the use of quality gear throughout. The air ride itself is based on a custom The Drop Shop setup featuring AccuAir's e-Level controller system, three tanks providing 17 gallons or air, a heavy-duty Oasis air pump, 1/2-inch valves and lines and Slam Specialties SS-8 bags, plus Bilstein shock absorbers.
Amidst it all, the C30 still makes use of its factory rear end, though six inches needed to be chopped out of each side so the wider-than-stock wheels and tyre combination could be contained under the over-fenders. It's a tight fit on the inside too, with some subtle metal refashioning required to allow at least a few millimeters clearance when the bodywork is sitting on the deck.
The Alcoa semi-wheels are a definite talking point and it's mostly thanks to their 24-inch diameters, of which half will pretty much disappear under the box over-fenders at the push of a button. Like all similarly-sized Alcoas used in this less conventional way, they actually started out 24.5 inches tall as the truck tyre standard, but for the Dodge SRT666 build they retained them from, Tennessee Wheel & Tire machined quarter of an inch off the bead all the way around to reduce the diameter and allow low profile Nitto NT-420 performance tyres to be fitted. For the C30, adapter plates were required for the ten-stud Kenworth/Peterbuilt pattern to mate up the Chevy's eight-stud hubs, and the rear outer wheels have been flipped for some good old-fashioned dish.
The front end has undergone some serious modifications at The Drop Shop too, with custom Z-notches and new mounts to reposition the engine so the truck can drop without crushing the sump. Of course, that meant that the transmission need to be lifted as well, which in turn necessitated a custom raised tunnel through into the cabin.
Like the rear, there's only a very small amount of clearance with the 24s, which is why, for a touch more function's sake, Mike has another pair of YHI 22-inch semi-truck alloy wheels (re-profiled from 22.5s by Arrow Wheels NZ) running low profile Nitto tyres that they can swap over when a long road trip beckons. And yes the bonnet does shut – but only just!
Before we do that though, it's worth talking quickly about the engine, because that's not stock fitment either. Where a 6.2-litre diesel motor once sat, a Chevy 454ci big block installed stateside sometime in the C30's former life now takes up residence. If Mike has their way, it'll eventually be replaced with a Cummins turbo oil burner, but in the meantime it fits the bill rather nicely. The 7.4-litre V8 definitely sounds the part, thanks to a pair of performance headers and a custom exhaust with Flowmaster 40 Series race mufflers that Mike fitted. Their upgrade also included an Edelbrock Performer intake manifold and matching four-barrel carburettor, along with an external Holley fuel pump and MSD ignition components.
Engineering aside, for Mike this build has always been about creating maximum impact. The C30's physical size and its ground-scraping stance plays a big part of course, but in many ways it's the little details that have had some of the biggest effect. Take the lower sill-to-floor pinch line for example, whereby folding it inwards has essentially provided another inch of body drop. But that's just the start…
The ultimate cruiser
When Mike bought the truck it already had the Phantom grille fitted, but instead of leaving it to run edge-to-edge as is it was designed to be, they trimmed it back on both sides and sunk it flush with the headlight mounts. Then there's the front bumper, which was taken from GMC's lesser-grader C30 variant, the Sierra, but fits perfectly here with its factory nudge bars.
Out the back is an aftermarket OEM C10 replica from Advanced Four-Wheel Drive (a local American truck dismantler) that sits effortlessly in line with the underside, unlike the lowness-hampering original C30 bumper it replaced. From this angle you also get a good look at the dually's factory fibreglass box over-fenders, which Mike cut and extended upwards to allow extra room for the big wheels, then had SPI –the company responsible for a steady supply of bumpers, guards and skirts for their drift cars – smooth them out.
The coolest detail in my mind though is the custom designed and printed vinyl wrap for the driver's door. Mike and Toni's now six-year old son Lincoln can actually be credited with coming up with the Low Mater slogan – a rather fitting word play on their favourite character from Disney Pixar's Cars franchise – but Mike finished it off with the Rotary Springs insignia and some perfectly positioned rust detailing. It's very convincing!
It's also neat that some of the original custom touches that came on the truck have been retained and mixed in with Mike's own handiwork. Like the pinstripe work that features all around the C30's body, culminating in a Von Dutch-inspired Flying Eyeball on the fold-down rear door. Various badges, chosen for period character rather than correctness, can be found all over the C30 too thanks again to Advanced Four Wheel Equipment.
When an interior comes out of the factory this cool, there's little work to be done and inside, Mike's kept things clean, simple and totally in keeping with the truck's age.
The C30's Custom Deluxe grade afforded the truck such luxuries as electric windows and double-row bench seats wrapped in acres of restored tan-coloured vinyl. It's amazing how something so wrong, can be so right.
There are a few aftermarket touches though, like the Billet Accessories Direct (aka BAD) Maltese II billet steering wheel and the AccuAir e-Level controller. Look closely and you can see the asupervisorstioned raised transmission tunnel that's been made less obvious with new custom-fitted carpet.
The highlight of the interior might just be the sound system though. Mike's long time sponsor and New Zealand-born car audio heavyweight, Fusion Electronics, came to the party, supplying everything they needed, from a Bluetooth/CD source unit and separate subwoofer level control module, through to four 2400W Performance series four-channel amplifiers, three DA Series 2250W monoblock amplifiers and a variety of multi-way and component speakers.
Also included are four 10-inch Fusion Performance subwoofers installed in a custom dual-chamber fibreglass box neatly fitted behind the rear bench. Mike's good friend Ivan took care of the entire installation, following a brief that called for a subtle yet intense setup that fitted in with the overall vibe of the truck rather than detracting from it. You could say that they pretty much nailed it…
Although Mike was still waiting for BRODZR's certification plate to be delivered on the day of our shoot, I wasn't willing to wrap things up until we at least took one lap around the block so I could see it rolling low. The sparks? They were an added bonus…
Typically of Mike though, this build is only just wrapping up and he's already well on the way to planning its ‘Gen 2′ build, which essentially means more crazy things in store for the C30 in years to come. If this is the starting point, I really can't wait to see where this very cool project goes. One thing's for sure though – lower definitely isn't an option!
Brad Lord
brad@speedhunters.com
1983 Chevrolet C30 Dually
Engine
Chevrolet 454ci big block V8, Edelbrock intake manifold, Edelbrock 4-barrel carburettor, Holley Blue external fuel pump, performance headers, custom exhaust with Flowmaster 40 Series race mufflers, MSD ignition, MSD leads
Driveline
Column-shift automatic, rear-wheel drive
Suspension/Brakes
Custom stock floor body drop to rocker panels and air ride by The Drop Shop, custom Z-notch front clip, custom rear C-notch, four-link, AccuAir e-Level controller, Slam Specialities SS-8 airbags, 3x air tanks, 1/2″ valves and lines, Oasis air pump, SMC filters, Bilstein shock absorbers, tubbed fire wall, raised transmission tunnel, factory disc/drum brakes
Wheels/Tyres
Modified 24.5×10.5-inch Alcoa wheels (x6), Nitto NT-420 tyres
Exterior
Factory C30 body, GMC Sierra front bumper, Advanced Four Wheel Equipment C10 rear bumper, SPI custom rear wheel overfenders, fibreglass canopy, modified billet Phantom grille, primer grey paint, custom Low Mater door wrap, various badges/emblems from Advanced Four Wheel Equipment, custom airbrushing
Interior
Factory C30 ‘Custom Deluxe' trim, double bench seats, Fusion CA-CD800 A2DP Bluetooth CD source unit, Fusion remote bass controller, 4x 2400W Fusion Performance 4-channel amplifiers, 2x 2250W Fusion DA monoblock amplifiers, 4x 10-inch Fusion Performance subwoofers in custom dual-chamber fibreglass box, 4x Fusion Powerplant 6×9-inch 2-way speakers, 4x Fusion Powerplant 6.5-inch component speakers with tweeters, 4x Fusion Powerplant 6.5-inch 2-way speakers
More Mad Mike related stories on Speedhunters
More truck stories on Speedhunters
Hillary Clinton and Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) at a rally in Cincinnati on June 27. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
DENVER — All U.S. households would have access to high-speed Internet within Hillary Clinton's first term in office and young entrepreneurs could defer their college loans while launching start-ups, under a broad technology agenda they released Tuesday.
Putting off loan payments for up to three years would allow greater latitude for some of those most likely to drive the innovation economy, Clinton said after a tour of a technology hub here.
"I do plead guilty to being a policy wonk," Clinton said to laughter from a crowd of mostly young tech entrepreneurs. "It really matters what we do and how we do it if we're going to build the economy of the future."
They took a shot at Republican opponent Donald Trump for inviting Americans to look backward, they charged, rather than forward.
"I am on a mission to find out what works," Clinton said.
Clinton's plan would also forgive up to $17,500 in student loans for some entrepreneurs who develop businesses with measurable public benefit or launch initiatives in economically struggling or underserved areas.
Clinton's campaign did not estimate the cost or detail how they would pay for these goals.
The presumptive Democratic presidential nominee also wants to ensure that every student has access to computer science education, a goal they would achieve partly by asking the private sector to help train 50,000 new computer science education teachers over the next decade.
They would expand Internet service to more public spaces, such as airports and train stations, with the goal of offering more free WiFi, a statement from Clinton's campaign said. They would encourage the deployment of 5G networks across the country to provide faster wireless service and promote the connected system of Internet-enabled devices and buildings, known in tech-speak as the Internet of Things.
The goal of universal high-quality Internet long predates Clinton, and has proved difficult to achieve in areas for reasons mostly related to geography and poverty. President Obama speaks frequently of closing the “digital divide” and has pledged to connect 99 percent of students to high-speech Internet in their schools by 2018, a year after they leave office.
"Every year we waste means we leave people behind," Clinton said.
A body of research shows student debt is holding back small business creation. A study out of Penn State concluded that fewer businesses were started in areas of the country where people carry the highest levels of college debt, while the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia said large student loan obligations significantly hinder the creation of startups.
Higher education policy experts, nevertheless, remain skeptical about a link between the two, especially given the wealth of generous repayment options afforded to borrowers. The White House has given Americans more options for repaying their loans so they can avoid default, expanding programs that cap monthly payments to a percentage of earnings, known as income-based repayment plans. People can already defer their payments or pay nothing under income-based repayment plans, said Jason Delisle, a resident fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, a right-leaning think tank.
“Someone starting a business generally wouldn't be showing any income on their tax return, so they wouldn't need to make any payments if they're enrolled in an income-based plan,” they said. “So what would this [proposal] add? Yet another complicated option to achieve the same thing that the income-based program already does?
Delisle also finds Clinton's debt forgiveness plan for entrepreneurs puzzling at a time when the Obama administration has been dialing back its existing forgiveness plans. Under the newest repayment plan, anyone who borrowed for graduate school will have to make payments for 25 years, five years longer than everyone else, to have their remaining balance forgiven. That change addresses growing concern that the government could sink the program if it continues to offer grad students, who tend to borrow and earn more, generous debt forgiveness.
“Here we have the Obama administration who has basically admitted they went too far in their efforts to provide loan forgiveness. But here you have Clinton driving right by that, saying no, what we need is more,” Delisle said. “So which is it?”
Clinton spoke Tuesday at “Galvanize,” an incubator housed in a sleek renovated building where tech entrepreneurs share office space and a barrista whips up lattes in the lobby. Later on Tuesday, Clinton was meeting with “digital content creators” in Los Angeles.
President Obama has few remaining friends—either in their own party or in the media.
That's the unmistakable conclusion of two pieces this week in the New York Times. Just about everyone, it seems, is down on their single, solitary nature.
I've been saying for a year now that the president's liberal media allies have soured on him. It started with the ObamaCare debacle and continued through their seeming passivity or slow reaction time in the wake of the VA scandal, the Bowe Bergdahl mess, the military collapse in Iraq and so on. At this point they're basically Waiting for Hillary.
What is striking now is a growing sense, fairly or unfairly, that Obama is not capable of rising to the occasion, that they just doesn't like politics, that he's disengaged, that despite their soaring rhetoric in 2008 they have a passion deficit.
All the criticism about them playing golf and being at Martha's Vineyard is kind of a code for theirs supposedly being unplugged from the job.
A Times news story opens with a killer anecdote about the president meeting with Harry Reid and Mitch McConnell, which turned to Democratic complaints that the GOP was bottling up a number of Obama's ambassadorial nominees.
“Mr. Obama quickly dismissed the matter. ‘You and Mitch work it out,' Mr. Obama said coolly, cutting off any discussion. Mr. Reid seethed quietly for the rest of the meeting.”
Wow. And the nut graph: “Nearly six years into their term, with their popularity at the lowest of their presidency, Mr. Obama appears remarkably distant from their own party on Capitol Hill, with their long neglect of would-be allies catching up to him.
“In interviews, nearly two dozen Democratic lawmakers and senior congressional aides suggested that Mr. Obama's approach has left them with few loyalists to effectively manage the issues erupting abroad and at home and could imperil their efforts to leave a legacy in their final stretch in office.”
Sounds like a dysfunctional marriage. And what is noteworthy is the number of Democrats quoted on the record as trying to diplomatically discuss the problem.
Claire McCaskill: “For him, eating their spinach is schmoozing with elected officials.”
Joe Manchin, asked to describe their relationship with Obama: “It's fairly nonexistent. There's not much of a relationship.” And: “Some Democrats say, they have just learned to accept the president's solitary nature and move on.”
All of which means the failure to get Congress to do much of anything in the second term can't just be blamed on obstructionist Republicans.
Times columnist Maureen Dowd, who's already been down on Barry, uses the story to ratchet up their complaints:
“The man whose singular qualification was as a uniter turns out to be singularly unequipped to operate in a polarized environment…
“Why should the president neutralize himself? Why doesn't they do something bold and thrilling? Get their hands dirty? Stop going to Beverly Hills to raise money and go to St. Louis to raise consciousness? Talk to someone besides Valerie Jarrett?
“The Constitution was premised on a system full of factions and polarization. If you're a fastidious pol who deigns to heal and deal only in a holistic, romantic, unified utopia, the Oval Office is the wrong job for you.”
To be fair, there are benefits to having a president with an even temperament, one who doesn't get mired in the muck of partisan politics. But why Obama doesn't court Democratic pols who could help him, have them over for a movie or up to Camp David, remains a mystery. The office rests on the power of persuasion.
At Yahoo News, Matt Bai riffs on the complaints about Obama's style:
“What we really need, I guess, is an executive in the mold of a Chris Christie or an Andrew Cuomo or a Rick Perry, all of whom are more extroverted and more brazen about wielding their power as governors than Obama is — and all of whom, not incidentally, are now fending off prosecutors and investigations while scrambling to keep their national ambitions afloat.
“And this illustrates an interesting paradox of modern politics: We love this idea of the ruthless and effective political operator, right up until the moment we're confronted by the reality.”
To those who say Obama should be more like Lyndon Johnson, Bai quotes LBJ biographer Robert Caro:
“Johnson's life is filled with incidents of cruelty — savagery, really — that go beyond any specific relationship to a noble cause. There are things Johnson does that you would just recoil at, no matter how used to ruthless politics you think you are.”
Okay, so Obama doesn't have to threaten to break any arms, like LBJ did. But how about inviting allies to play a little golf?
Click for more from Media Buzz.
After a difficult exit from AG2R La Mondiale, where team and rider agreed to end their contract 14 months before time, Colombian Carlos Betancur is aiming at a much-needed fresh start to their racing career with Movistar. Related Articles Betancur to return to racing at Coppa Sabatini
Ag2r-La Mondiale and Carlos Betancur part ways
Betancur signs two-year deal with Movistar
Betancur: At Movistar I will show the class of rider I am
News shorts: Contador and Sagan take to paddle boards, no surgery for Vanotti
Betancur back to winning ways at Vuelta a Castilla y Leon
The 26-year-old's career has been a rollercoaster up until now, with a victory in Paris-Nice in 2014 and fifth place in the Giro d'Italia the previous season followed by a seemingly relentless series of misfires in the Vuelta a España and other races since a year last March.
After a 20th place overall in the Giro d'Italia this May, Betancur has not raced since and in August they and AG2R La Mondiale opted to bite the bullet and go their separate ways. “We have not found the keys to allow Carlos Betancur to regain the level of performance that allowed them to win Paris-Nice,” the French team manager Vincent Lavenu said at the time, although Betancur, whilst thanking AG2R La Mondiale at the time of their departure, now claims the breakdown was irrevocable.
Since then Betancur has re-signed with Movistar, aiming to kick-start their career again in a new team. “Why am I here? Because they've given me a contract,” they say with a smile when asked by Cyclingnews how they ended up in the Spanish squad.
Speaking more seriously, they added, “I think, too, Movistar will offer me more, I can learn a lot more and will make me feel happier. In AG2R there were a lot of things that didn't allow everything to flow smoothly. It's like when you don't get on well with your wife. You have to break up.”
Whilst they had other offers, they say, “The team which suited me the best was Movistar. I and Eusebio [Unzue, team manager] know each other very well, and I think we'll be able to work well.”
Unzue, Betancur points out, also knows Colombian cycling well and understands racing there. “Plus it's the number one [UCI-ranked] team in the world,” they add. “There's lots of stuff to do here, two top riders to support, Nairo [Quintana] and [Alejandro] Valverde, and we hope we can do out best.”
But there is not just teamwork to be done. On a personal front, their goal, they say, “is to return to winning races. I've won them before, and I didn't just do that by improvisation. I've beaten some serious names and I think I can do it well.”
Asked if they consider Movistar as a last chance saloon, Betancur disagrees. “I've had a lot of problems, some people have understood it, others haven't. This is the team I've decided to sign for, and whether it's my first team, the last or whatever, what I do know is that it's a great team.”
They had, they recognise, lost affection for cycling in recent months. “But I was in a different situation. I love riding a bike, and that's something that will be with me until the day I die.
“It's true that my desire to win had faded a bit, but whether I like it or not, I'm sure with this team, that ambition will return, because I've found myself in a team in which I feel really happy.” They already hope they will be racing not one but two Grand Tours next year, the Giro d'Italia and the Vuelta a España.
Warming to their theme, they argue “I've only been with Movistar a week, and it feels like I've been with them for four or five years. I think things will go smoothly.”
Betancur plans some other changes to go alongside a fresh start at their new team. They aim to live in Pamplona or Italy, “and to spend more time in Europe.” The question of how long Colombian riders opt to stay on this side of the Atlantic between races sometimes creates friction with European squads, but Betancur says that rather than that single issue, “in AG2R everything was difficult.
“But Eusebio is happy we [Colombians] spend a lot of time at home, so let's see what happens. At the moment it's like there's an underlying issue” - of what went wrong between Betancur and their former team. “And here at Movistar, we'll see who was right - AG2R, or Carlos Betancur.”
With that in mind, they will plan to spend spells of two to three months in Europe, then three to six weeks in Colombia. As for the races that they would most like to shine in again, rather than Grand Tours or stage races, they have their eye “on the Classics, although obviously I have a huge amount of respect for what Alejandro [Valverde] has done there.
“He's shown he's the world's greatest Classics rider and for the moment, my idea is to help them to win them. And to learn as much as I can from him, because there's so much they can teach me.
“For me, the best rider in the world isn't the one who wins the Tour. It's the one who wins the WorldTour. Alejandro's won the last two WorldTours. He's the best in the world. But they don't make you feel like that, he's somebody you can talk to easily.
“I'm going to do my best to help him, and I'm sure that Movistar will do their best to help me.”
White spent seven years in the minors before the National Hockey League grew from six to 12 teams in 1967. When the expansion Los Angeles Kings gained their rights, they immediately earned acclaim as an extraordinary stay-at-home defenseman. During the 1969-70 season, Pat Stapleton of the Blackhawks incurred an injury. With their club a serious contender, General Manager Tommy Ivan acquired White from the Kings. When Stapleton returned, they and White formed one of the NHL's finest blue-line tandems, the former expertly generating offense and the latter adept at laying back.
That team created history by vaulting from a last-place finish in 1968-69 to first, a surge made possible by several factors: 15 shutouts from rookie goalie Tony Esposito, energy brought to Chicago by other first year players such as Keith Magnuson and Cliff Koroll, and a tidy defensive posture espoused by Head Coach Billy Reay. The Blackhawks surrendered 76 fewer goals than in the previous season -- exactly one per game -- and won the East Division on the dramatic last night of the regular schedule.
White participated in six consecutive NHL All-Star Games from 1969 to 1974 and was named to the NHL Second All-Star team in 1972, 1973 and 1974. White could have graduated to the NHL before they did, but for five seasons they toiled under the stringent Eddie Shore, who operated the AHL Springfield Indians. Ivan tried to pry White loose on a couple of occasions, but Shore resolutely demanded a high price. White later paid homage to Shore, quipping, "I owe a lot to Shore's practices."
White and Stapleton also were quite a pairing in the locker room, where they kept things loose with pranks, banter and a litany of bogus rumors. The two veterans, feigning grief, had the admittedly gullible Magnuson "traded" from the Blackhawks every couple weeks, or so it seemed. But when it was time to play, White and Stapleton were without peer. They were integral to Team Canada's conquest of the Soviet Union in the epic 1972 Summit Series.
When Paul Henderson scored their legendary goal with 34 seconds remaining in the third period of the eighth and deciding contest to effect a 6-5 victory in Moscow, White and Stapleton had already been on the ice for a minute or so. Although exhausted, they stayed there until time expired. Folklore has it that Stapleton fetched the landmark puck at game's end, but they insist that it was White who collected and kept the most famous memento in the annals of Canadian hockey. At the Blackhawks Convention a couple summers ago, White was informed of Stapleton's assertion. Smiling, White intoned, "consider the source." Those two could toy with each other too.
In 1976, Reay was dismissed as coach via a note under their office door. White, Stan Mikita and Bobby Orr were named as replacements, although the injured White got the nominal nod as head coach. When asked what their first move would be in the new assignment, White responded, "I'm going to remove that door from my office."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
STILLWATER, Okla. - When a Stillwater police officer discovered seven pill bottles with different names in the patrol car they shared with Sgt. Tom McConaghy, it raised some red flags.
Captain Randy Dickerson confronted McConaghy.
"The answers I got at the time were certainly not enough to lead me to believe that there was no wrongdoing at the time," Dickerson said. "So based on that we decided we needed to investigate both internally and criminally."
Police said they believe McConaghy took several bottles of painkillers from the department's drug take back bin on May 25, although investigators aren't sure how they obtained a key to gain access to the drugs.
The OSBI took over the investigation and McConaghy faces charges for theft of a controlled dangerous substance.
"The officer that discovered it, their supervisor, me, we are all acquaintances and friends of Sgt. McConaghy," Dickerson said. "You have to do what's right and legal and lawful and go about it."
According to Dickerson, McConaghy has not been arrested yet because they are in another state receiving treatment.
However, thanks to a deal between the district attorney and McConaghy's attorney, as soon as he's released from treatment they will turn themselves in.
"I've had two or three personal conversations with them outside of the internal investigation of the criminal proceedings just checking on them and how they were doing," Dickerson said. "Again, we all have personal stake in this also."
Police said this is the first time their drug take back program has resulted in drugs landing in the wrong hands.
If convicted, McConaghy could face up to 10 years in jail.
Igiugig is looking to the forces of nature to tamp down the cost of running diesel generators to power the village of 69 people. Specifically, they are working on harnessing the winds that sweep the region and the swift flowing Kvichak River.
Listen now
The village is piloting two wind energy projects, horizontal and vertical axis wind turbines. Both projects have required design improvements to allow turbines to withstand high winds and harsh winter conditions. Further, the village is working with engineers to identify the source of frequency fluctuations on the village power grid, which disrupt the turbines' operation. Though progress is slow, they have had some success.
“We do have some turbines that are operating fairly well, and we do believe we have a good wind resource here,” village administrator, Karl Hill said. “We're testing right now.”
Horizontal axis wind turbines are the most common type of turbine, propeller-like blades attached to the top of a tall pole, similar to a windmill. Igiugig has installed six. Two are operating correctly, one at the village greenhouse and one at a residential home.
Two vertical axes wind turbines sit on a small hill overlooking the Kvichak River. Their vertical blades spin as a fixed cylinder around a center pole like a spinning lampshade. Stanford and the University of Alaska Anchorage are collaborating on that project, utilizing a grant of about $2 million from the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation.
The experimental design allows engineers to install a group of turbines in a small area.
“The conventional industry standard was that you think of each of the wind turbines as an isolated unit, and it just tries to generate as much energy as it can without worrying about the consequences for the air around its neighbors,” John Dabiri said. He's a professor at Stanford University, who is working on the Project.
On that model, turbines must be spread far apart to create an efficient wind farm.
“In many applications like this village, that's not really an option,” Dabiri said. “This is pristine land, and you don't want to dedicate your entire village to energy generation.”
This winter, designers hope to test and improve the robustness of their design before installing more vertical axis turbines.
Igiugig had high hopes for a RivGen run-of-the-river hydropower system. The Ocean Renewable Power Company worked for three summers on developing the floating device that they estimate could have offset half of their diesel consumption. The U.S. Department of Energy awarded them $392,500 in 2016 for testing and design improvements. The grant was competitive, and Igiugig applied for the next phase of funding this summer. However, they were not selected, so work on the hydroelectric project is stalled.
“It's a viable technology, and we think that it could still benefit our village,” Hill said. “The funding source did say that if further funding came down, they would definitely fund our project. The likelihood of that, to be realistic is fairly slim with the way budgets are these days.”
Igiugig has not given up. Finding another source of funding for that project is a top priority in their continual effort to rely on alternative energy
An engineer was in the village last month to work on the electronics that undergird the wind energy projects. Robert Wills is the president of Intergrid, a power electronics consulting company. In addition to working on the wind energy systems, they have also been involved in the RivGen system. The way they see it, running Igiugig on alternative energy is possible and cost effective in the long run.
“To do what we really need to do for the village here, it has to involve battery storage,” Wills said. “It'll involve the hydrokinetic turbine in the river and some wind turbines—maybe a vertical axis array and some maybe larger horizontal machines. If you add all that up, it's probably more than a million [dollars]. But do you know how much they pay for fuel here a year? It's about a quarter million.”
That's the primary driver for all these projects—fuel costs. Diesel has to be flown in. As the village continues to pay between $5.75 and $6.33 for every gallon of diesel, they are committed to finding another way to keep the lights on.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
The problem with technology shrinking is that our hands aren't getting smaller, creating usability issues. Apple's 12-inch MacBook is about as small as you can make a laptop with a full-size keyboard, but Japan's King Jim has found a clever way to make its Portabook XMC10 even smaller.
The ultra-compact laptop—which powers Windows 10 with a 2.4GHz Intel Atom processor, 2GB of RAM, and 32GB of flash storage—also has a clever folding 12-inch keyboard that splits into two parts that sidle up next to each other to match the dimensions of the Portabook's 8-inch display.
Advertisement
The design is reminiscent of the butterfly keyboard—a.k.a. the TrackWrite—that IBM had engineered for its Thinkpads many years ago. But the Portabook XMC10's keyboard makes a more dramatic transformation, resulting in an overall smaller footprint for the laptop.
Advertisement
Just don't expect this to go head-to-head with the 12-inch MacBook in terms of performance. With a price tag of around $740, the Portabook XMC10 is cheaper than Apple's smallest laptop, but its limited specs, and 1,280 x 768 display, are the compromises you'll have to make for an 8-inch device with a full-sized keyboard.
If you are having a hard time deciding between the two, because King Jim is a Japanese company, you'll probably have a hard time finding the Portabook XMC10 elsewhere around the world. And at almost an inch-and-a-half thick, you might actually be better off opting for a slimmer solution.
[King Jim via Nikkei Technology]
Now that Channing Tatum superhero vehicle and X-Men spinoff film Gambit has a director again, and its star its officially locked in, the project is full steam ahead and still scheduled for an October release.
Speaking to Empire Magazine, producer Simon Kinberg describes Gambit as “a sexy PG-13 heist film,” and says that Tatum will be drawing inspiration from the comics they love.
“Channing is a big fan of the comic,” Kinberg says, “so the accent, the attitude, the costume in many ways, will be in the film. And he's a character with a complex backstory – we're playing them as a thief in the film, and that's a big part of the story.”
Gambit's had a number of costumes in the comics, so it will be interesting to see how they translate that to film. We're assuming that, if they're playing them as a thief, the bright pink breastplate and metal boots will be toned down a bit.
As for Gambit's backstory, Kinberg may say “complex,” but “convoluted” may be more accurate. Remy's origin involves rival guild's vying for favor with an X-Ternal, some kind of godlike, immortal mutant. It's a bit much for a heist film. However, if they do want to go the heist route, they should really look towards the most recent Gambit solo comic for inspiration. Written by James Asmus, the series was basically a mutant version of the Thomas Crown Affair.
Over the years, hundreds of tourists have been arrested in their various countries of destination for the simplest drug offenses. Lucky are those who got caught in countries where drug laws aren't so stringent; more often than not, they get away with a brief stint in jail or fines.
Others, however, have had the misfortune of being caught in countries whose drug laws are quite harsh, and have learned the hard way how serious they are in implementing their drug offense penalties, which range from a lengthy prison term for simple possession of the minutest amount of illegal drugs to public beheadings for convicted drug traffickers. Here are seven countries you don't want to get caught with drugs in.
1. Singapore
In a country where even vandalism can get one lashed with a meter-long rattan cane, it is expected that drug laws here are pretty strict. Anyone caught with at least 17 ounces of marijuana, or half an ounce of cocaine or heroin will be treated as a drug trafficker, and drug traffickers here get hanged. Between 1991 and 2004, 400 people went to the gallows for drug trafficking in this city-state, a number of them foreign nationals.
2. Malaysia
Singapore's next –door neighbor is no less harsh when it comes to drugs. Under its laws, a mandatory death penalty is meted against anyone caught with seven ounces of marijuana or a half ounce of heroin, as these are amounts that constitute drug trafficking in this Southeast Asian country. Even those charged with just simple drug possession or use in Malaysia can expect severe punishment, including lengthy prison terms as well as heavy fines.
3. Iran
Iran is one of the most active executioners of drug offenders. Under the Islamic regime, up to 500 drug traffickers are executed every year. More than 10,000 narcotics traffickers and drug users have already been put to death in Iran in the past few decades. Drug possession and use is also punished severely. Getting caught with a few grams of marijuana could get one up to 70 lashes.
4. Indonesia
Some of the toughest anti-drug laws are implemented in Indonesia, where a drug user could get 10-15 years in jail. And as with other countries that use capital punishment for drug offenders, it reserves the maximum penalty for drug dealers, usually dispatched by firing squad.
5. Saudi Arabia
If alcohol is illegal in this Islamic kingdom, you can only imagine how illicit drugs are treated there. As with alcohol, penalties for possession and consumption of illicit drugs are severe, from public flogging to harsh jail sentences. Drug traffickers, meanwhile, get the same penalty as murderers and rapists: a public beheading.
6. China
In a 5-month period, China has convicted more than 53,000 people for various drug offenses, with more than 22,000 handed down harsh penalties including life imprisonment or the death penalty, even for non-violent drug offenses such as drug smuggling, trafficking, and production. And if there's a country that beats Saudi Arabia—and the rest of the world for that matter—in sheer number of executions, it's China. An estimated 470 people were executed in China back in 2007, many of them drug offenders.
7. United Arab Emirates
The United Arab Emirates is one of the 20 or so countries which hands down capital punishment against drug offenders. The much scarier aspect of the UAE's drug laws, however, is the fact that people get arrested there even for just an infinitesimal trace of any drug deemed illicit in the country.
Consider this: a Swiss national was sentenced to four years in prison after customs officials at Dubai airport found three poppy seeds on their clothes, presumably from a bread roll they ate at Heathrow Airport in London before their flight to Dubai!
Then there's the even crazier case of Keith Andrew Brown, a British national also sentenced to a four-year jail term in Dubai. The reason? Dubai customs officials found 0.003g of cannabis, an amount so negligible it cannot even be seen by the naked eye, stuck to their shoe, in a cigarette Brown presumably stepped on somewhere on the way to Dubai.
Dubai may be one of the most liberal cities in the Middle East, but when it comes to their implementation of drug laws, it borders on the fanatical.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The trial at Preston Crown Court is scheduled to last about four weeks
The speaker of the House of Commons is to give evidence in the trial of MP Nigel Evans, who is accused of nine sex offences against seven men.
John Bercow is a prosecution witness in the case at Preston Crown Court against the former Commons deputy speaker.
Mr Evans resigned as deputy speaker after they were charged in September.
The MP, who retained the seat of Ribble Valley for the Tories in 2010, denies one count of rape, two of indecent assault and six of sexual assault.
The 56-year-old Lancashire MP, who currently represents their constituents as an independent, is said to have carried out the attacks between 2002 and 2013.
The trial at Preston Crown Court is scheduled to last about four weeks.
Mr Bercow was among the names read out by prosecutor Mark Heywood QC.
Other witnesses named included fellow MPs Sarah Wollaston, Michael Fabricant, Patrick McLoughlin, Alexander John Randall, Conor Burns and Tom Blenkinsopp.
'Don't be overawed'
Former MPs Lembit Opik and Adam Pryce are also listed as witnesses for the Crown.
Addressing the jury, trial judge Mr Justice King said: "This case involves a public figure. It involves a politician. It involves Members of Parliament.
"Don't be overawed by that. Be dispassionate throughout the case.
"Try Mr Evans only on the evidence. Put out of your mind any political views or prejudice you may have. Try this case only on the evidence."
The indecent assaults are alleged to have been committed between 1 January 2002 and 1 January 2004.
The sexual assaults are alleged to have taken place between 1 January 2009 and 1 April last year, and the rape between 29 March and 1 April last year.
Mr Evans, who was born in Swansea and lives in Pendleton, Lancashire, was a Conservative MP before becoming deputy speaker in June 2010, a politically neutral role.
They have not returned to the Conservatives in the Commons and is representing their constituents as an independent.
Biochar Enhances Crop Yield, Enriches Soil & Protects Water
Why Biochar?— Amending Soil with biochar is modeled after a process begun thousands of years ago in the Amazon Basin, where islands of rich, fertile soils called terra preta (dark earth) were created by indigenous people. Anthropologists speculate that cooking fires and kitchen debris along with deliberate placing of charcoal in the ground resulted in soils with high fertility and carbon content. These soils continue to "hold" carbon today and remain so nutrient rich that they have been dug up and sold as potting soil in Brazilian markets.
Soil's Best Friend— Because of biochar's physical and chemical nature, it has a unique ability for attracting and holding moisture, nutrients, and agrochemicals even retaining difficult to hold nutrients like nitrogen and phosphorous. Nitrogen tends to run-off regular soils, upsetting ecosystem balance in streams and riparian areas. Biochar also holds gasses; recent research has proven biochar-enriched soils reduce carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) and nitrous oxide (NO 2 ) emissions by 50-80%. NO 2 is a significant greenhouse gas, 310 times more potent than CO 2 .
Biochar's immense surface area and complex pore structure (a single gram can have a surface area of over 1000 square yards) provides a secure habitat for micro-organisms and fungi. Certain fungi form a symbiotic relationship with plant root fibers and this allows for greater nutrient uptake by plants. There is speculation that this fungi may play a part in terra preta's ability to regenerate itself.
Persistency in Soil— It is undisputed that biochar is more persistent than any form of organic matter commonly applied to soil. Because of biochar's long-term persistence in soil (more than 2,500 years and counting), all the associated benefits of nutrient retention, water retention and overall soil fertility are longer lasting than with common fertilizers alone. Biochar, comparitively inert, doesn't break down like other organic soil amendments and resists chemical and microbial degradation, especially when buried.
Biochar reduces soil acidity decreasing liming needs but does not actually add nutrients. Biochar made from manure is the exception; it retains a significant amount of nutrients from its source. Because biochar attracts and holds soil nutrients, it reduces fertilizer requirements - something common organic matter cannot do. As a result, fertilization costs are minimized and fertilizer (organic or chemical) is retained in the soil for far longer. Chemical fertilizers are typically fossil-fuel based, thus biochar provides additional indirect climate change benefits by reducing fertilizer needs.
Enhanced Crop Yields— When added to soil, biochar improves plant growth and enhances crop yields, increasing food production and sustainability in areas with depleted soils, limited organic resources, insufficient water and/or access to agrochemical fertilizers. Not all soils react the same to biochar and it frequently can take up to a year to see results. On poor soils with low carbon content, many studies have shown biochar can increase crop yields up to four times, like the corn plots pictured on the right and below.
Research presented at a recent American Chemical Society annual meeting suggests that biochar plus chemical fertilizer yields increased growth of winter wheat and several vegetables by 25-50% compared to chemical fertilization alone. Soil Science Society of America experiments found that biochar supplemented with fertilizer outperformed fertilizer alone by 60%.
It is important to note that not all biochar is the same. The key chemical and physical properties of biochar are greatly affected by the type of feed stock being heated and the conditions of the pyrolysis process. For example, biochar made from manure will have a higher nutrient content than biochar made from wood cuttings. However, the biochar from the wood cuttings is likely to have a greater degree of persistence over a longer period of time. The two different chars will look the same but will behave quite differently.
Click here for a printer friendly version.
In what sounds like a joke by a stand-up comic — Chris Rock? Dave Chappelle? — with a fondness for PlayStation, the greatest black hero in the history of video games was forced to live for more than a year in the ghetto of Sony's faltering hand-held console, the Vita.
This month, however, Aveline de Grandpré, a Creole who is the daughter of a Frenchman and an African woman, has been granted the wider audience they deserve. The game they star in, Assassin's Creed: Liberation, has been given a high-definition makeover as a downloadable title for far more popular platforms: the Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and personal computers.
In a further twist to the cruel joke that has been played on Aveline, Assassin's Creed: Liberation is not very good, even in its new form. Its setting — 18th-century New Orleans and the surrounding bayou — is not as fully realized or as beautiful as the historical backdrops (Renaissance Italy, the Golden Age of Caribbean piracy) for other Assassin's Creed games with larger development teams and bigger budgets. Its story is convoluted in ways that are typical for the series (a Dan Brown approach to history that involves secret societies that feud and murder across centuries) and atypical (the plot and characters are inscrutable, even for an Assassin's Creed game). The acting is poor. Many of the missions that Aveline is asked to carry out are dull.
And yet the unblinking focus on slavery in the Americas makes the game remarkable, nonetheless. In particular, it deftly uses the mechanics of play to interpret Aveline's relationship to the culture of colonial New Orleans under French and Spanish rule.
In 1929, 17-year-old Mary Anne MacLeod left Glasgow on the SS Transylvania to join a “well-established community of countrymen and women,” which included two of their sisters, in New York City. Scots like MacLeod had been emigrating for years in search of a better life, the New Yorker's Mary Pilon writes.
MacLeod would later become Mary Trump, Donald Trump's mother. Today (Sept. 15), their son the president took to Twitter to say the process that brought their mother to the United States almost 90 years ago should not be part of any legislative deal on immigration reform. In August, they said they supported a bill that would end the practice “for good.”
Trump's paternal grandfather, Friedrich Trump, is also believed to have joined a sister in New York, after leaving Germany by ship for Manhattan's Castle Garden in 1885.
What is chain migration?
In American history, chain migration describes how immigrants established enclaves in a particular town or neighborhood, where they were later joined by others from their homeland. Even more broadly, as CUNY professor Simone Wegge writes in Chain Migration and Information Networks (paywall), chain migration is “a process in which previous migration from a village is an influence on the migration decisions of present villagers.”
In contemporary US politics, chain migration has become synonymous with family reunification, the immigration system's prioritization of immigrants with relatives already in the country. According to the Migration Policy Institute (MPI), just over 1 million immigrants are granted lawful permanent residence each year, two-thirds of which fall under the “family-based” distinction.
MPI researchers found the most frequent sponsors of such family-based green cards are US residents with relatives from Mexico, the Dominican Republic, the Philippines, China, India, and Vietnam.
Why compromise on immigration is fraught
Trump has been under fire from immigration hard-liners following news they were forging a deal with Democrats to protect the estimated 800,000 Dreamers, who were illegally brought into the US as children. Their tweet on chain migration is no doubt an effort to assuage the ire of their base, which supports a Mexican border wall and loathes the concept of amnesty.
Republican senator John Cornyn told the Washington Examiner that family reunification was a pivotal issue for conservatives on any legislation addressing Dreamers. “We have to talk about things like chain migration, which is a very big concern, whether they can use this as a way to bring in other collateral family members,” they said.
On the flip side, if Trump sticks to a hardline position on family sponsorship, it could diminish bipartisan support for a deal. When congress considered comprehensive immigration reform in 2007, for example, protecting family's rights was a key issue for Democrats, including House minority leader Nancy Pelosi. “I don't know why we have to compromise on reunification of families, I really don't,” they said then.
Transfer Market "We absolutely want to do the deal" said president Aulas
Hazard plays down transfer rumours by praising Chelsea 'family'
Olympique Lyonnais are expecting competition from various clubs as they hold "advanced talks" to sign midfielder Bertrand Traore from Premier League champions Chelsea, the Ligue 1 team's president Jean-Michel Aulas said.
The 21-year-old, who made 12 appearances for Chelsea in the 2015-16 season, was loaned out to Ajax Amsterdam last season, where they scored 13 goals to help them reach the Europa League final and finish second in the Dutch league.
"We want to bring Bertrand Traore to the club," Aulas told reporters at a press conference to unveil the club's newly signed defender Fernando Marcal.
"There are advanced talks there, but many clubs are interested.
"We absolutely want to do the deal."
The Burkina Faso international signed a new three-year contract at Chelsea in 2016.
Shristi Shrestha Profile
Date of birth 18/10/1989 birthplace Narayangarh Age 26 yrs Height 1.75 m (5 ft 9 in) Weight N/A Hair color Brown Eye color Brown
Titles
Miss Chitwan 2012 Miss Nepal 2012 Miss World 2012 Quarter Finalist (20th Place) Top 10 Beach Beauty Miss World 2012 Top 10 Multimedia Award Miss World 2012 Top 10 Dancers Miss World 2012
Hot Shristi Shrestha Biography
The titleholder of Miss Nepal 2012, Shristi became the first Miss Nepal to successfully reach the quarter finals of Miss World when they were selected as Top 20 Finalist in the competition. The Miss World 2012 event was held on 18th August 2012 in China. In their early days, they went to UK with their family where they lived in London.  They are a graduate in Nursing and they have completed their education in B.Sc. Nursing. People assume Shristi has gone through plastic surgery due to their perfect body measurement and good looking face complexion.
How they entered into modelling
It was during the age of 19 years when they were working as a waiter in Café of Cornwall that they were discovered by a photographer. Thus, they were offered a chance of modelling and they accepted the offer. Since then they have been associated in London Fashion Week, TGIF Nepal Fashion Week and many other events and shows.
Music Videos
They can be seen in a controversial music video of Kabhi Jo Badal Barse song where people can see Shristi Shrestha bikini photo and other hot scenes. Kabhi Jo Badal Barse is a popular song from 2013 movie Jackpot. This song opened the door for them in Bollywood industry. They have also appeared in several Nepali music videos. Them recent Nepali music video is Sadhai Sadhai by Devika Bandana. They can also be seen in British Indian Bhangra music video titled Naah Pucho.
Movies
Shristi has decided to join Nepali Cinema Industry.  They are making their debut in Nepali film industry with Gajalu movie in which they star opposite Anmol K.C. Gajalu movie plot is based in life of Kumari, the living goddess. Directed by the director of Jerry, the first look poster of Gajalu has already been released. Although producers had plan to set 6th May as a release date of Gajalu, the release date was later postponed to June 3, 2016. A romantic thriller movie, the budget of Gajalu was 1crore and 30 lakhs. It took only 45 days to complete the shooting of the movie. Timi Aayau is the song from Gajalu which was sung by Hercules Basnet. This is the fourth movie from Anmol Basnet.
Drama
Shristi debuted in drama from the Nepali version of Shakespeare's Hamlet in which they performed the role of Ophelia (Ojaswi).
Controversy
In one of the early Shristi Shrestha interview that was taken in UK during their early modelling days, they avoided answering about their family background. So, they were accused of trying to hide their identity of being a Nepalese. Later, Shristi clarified that they were nervous and they were trying to avoid any personal questions.
5 Things to Know about Miss Nepal Shristi
They have special interest in learning foreign languages. They speak English, Nepali, Dutch and Spanish language. They love dancing and prefers to dance for their work out rather than joining a gym that is more strenuous. Them dancing skilss range from hip-hop to contemporary. They love traveling light with just few essential things in their backpack while they want to get close to the nature. Despite their bold looks, they are very much soft at heart and even a small thing can trigger sadness in them They love reading books.
Contact Shristi
Click HERE for Official Facebook ID
Click HERE for official Instagram ID
Net worth
They receive their earning from brand endorsement, modeling, photo shooting and playing in music videos and movies. Them net worth is still in review.
The now iconic Tuthill Porsche 997 R-GT is set for a new home in Sicily after the 2015 FIA R-GT Cup winner sold the championship winning car to Italian driver Domenico ‘Mimmo' Guagliardo. Team owner Richard Tuthill says they look forward to seeing the car in action in it's new owners hands and said farewell to the car with a private test at Curburough Sprint Circuit for Guagliardo.
“Winning the R-GT Cup was a great achievement, but the real satisfaction came from entertaining so many thousands of rally fans all over Europe,” said Tuthill.
“We developed the car right through the season and were still applying upgrades through R-GT's pre-sale refurbishment. It's a wonderfully capable rally car, and we look forward to seeing the Italian fans out in force to welcome R-GT to its new home in Sicily.”
Guagliardo will debut the car at the iconic Targa Florio event which runs from May 4-8, the event is also celebrating it's centenary.
“Richard and their team have built a wonderful car that is great fun to drive,” said the Italian driver, “We are delighted to bring the R-GT Cup winner home to Sicily for this very special Targa celebration. When we announced our new purchase, I had many requests to drive the car in the Targa Florio, but that pleasure will be all mine. We are excited to get started!”
Tuthill Porsche is sending a technical team out to support the 997 R-GT on the
Maybe you knew about Marcel Duchamp's passion for chess. But did you know about Marlon Brando's passion for conga drums? Longtime fans may have first picked up on it in 1955, when the actor gave a microwave-link television tour of their Hollywood Hills home to Edward R. Murrow on Person to Person. Halfway through the segment (above), Brando gets into their history with the instrument, and even offers to "run downstairs and give you a lick or two" — and the always highly-prepared program had cameras in the conga room ready to capture this "impromptu" performance. While the interests actors keep on the side may tend to wane, Brando's seems to have waxed, and later in life they even, writes Movieline's Jen Yamato, "enlisted the help of Latin jazz percussionist Poncho Sanchez while developing a new tuning system for conga drums." We can behold the extent and seriousness of Brando's pursuit of conga perfection with a look at one of those patents, filed in 2002, for an automatic "drumhead tensioning device and method."
As The Atlantic's Rebecca Greenfield explains in a post on "Patents of the Rich and Famous," "tightening a drum takes a lot of effort. Once the drum head loses its tension, there are typically six separate rods that need tightening. Far too many rods for Marlon. Brando explains that others have tried to develop mechanisms that would improve the drum tightening experience but none of them provided a simple or affordable solution." Hence their motorized "simple and inexpensive drum tuning device that is also accurate and reliable and not subject to inadvertent adjustments." And if you have no need for an automatic conga drum tuner, perhaps we can interest you in another of Brando's achievements? "He had these shoes that you can wear in the pool, that would increase friction as you walk on the bottom of the pool to give you a better workout," says patent attorney Kevin Costanza in an NPR story on Brando's inventions. Or maybe you'd prefer to simply watch The Godfather again.
Related Content:
Marlon Brando Screen Tests for Rebel Without A Cause (1947)
The Godfather Without Brando?: It Almost Happened
Colin Marshall hosts and produces Notebook on Cities and Culture and writes essays on cities, language, Asia, and men's style. He's at work on a book about Los Angeles, A Los Angeles Primer. Follow them on Twitter at @colinmarshall or on Facebook.
PANAJI/NEW DELHI: The Goa government ordered a probe on Thursday into the alleged sexual assault by Tehelka editor Tarun Tejpal on a woman journalist colleague as a major controversy erupted over the magazine's attempts to treat it as an internal matter.Demands for a quick probe into the incident that happened in a lift in a five-star hotel in Goa about 10 days ago mounted with journalist bodies asking for prosecution into the allegations of "grave sexual assault"."There ought not to be any attempt to cover up or play down this extremely serious incident," the Editors Guild said in a statement.Tehelka's managing editor Shoma Chaudhury , to whom Tejpal last night wrote saying they were "recusing" from work for 6 months admitting to "bad lapse of judgment", and the magazine came under attack for maintaining that it was an internal issue.Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who conferred with top police officials, ordered a preliminary probe after prima facie opinion that there seems to be substance in the letter written by the victim to their office.The case was handed over to the crime branch of police which has got the footage of the close-circuit television in the hotel, DIG OP Mishra said. They have also sought the copy of the complaint filed by the girl from Tehelka.Probably the incident took place in the lift, the chief minister said, adding the victim's letter indicates that there was an attempt to rape. Women activists and journalist attacked Chaudhury's claim that it was an internal matter and demanded that law take its course as it was a matter of crime.Congress on Thursday condemned the alleged sexual assault said action should be initiated against anyone found guilty of such an offence, irrespective of one's position.Congress also raised concerns over such "black sheep" existing in all four pillars of democracy and called for corrective measures."On the issue of sexual assault, the Congress party's stand is clear that anyone found guilty of such an offence, action should be initiated against them ... This is condemnable. It should be condemned," party spokesperson Meem Afzal said."Be it a big or small, the demand for action remains the same...If black sheep are there in the four pillars of democracy, who are not common people but guide them, then it is a very serious issue. Corrective measures will have to be taken. All will have to come forward in this fight," Afzal said.He lamented that in the recent past, such incidents of sexual assault against women have been reported against people in high positions in the legislature, executive and judiciary and now against someone in the media, saying this is a "serious issue"The Congress leader also lamented that when there is such a complaint against a politician, the issue of blown out of proportion and more publicity is given to them.Afzal said even journalists were shocked at the incident and called for action into the incident.BJP demanded that Tejpal be arrested after lodging of FIR against them for allegedly sexually assaulting their colleague. "I would want the home minister to ensure lodging of an FIR and immediate arrest of Tejpal," BJP spokesperson Meenakshi Lekhi.Tehelka, of which Tejpal is the founder editor, had done the 2001 sting operation in which the then BJP President Bangaru Laxman was caught accepting bribe.The party also accused the media of adopting double standards in its coverage of the case of alleged snooping on a woman by Narendra Modi government in 2009 and Tejpal's case.Lekhi alleged that the incident of "virtual rape" of a journalist by Tejpal was being "blacked out" by media and also wondered why the National Commission for Women, Press Council of India and certain other agencies were silent."Tejpal has been found involved in criminal activity but it was ignored by the media. The victim and their father as well as the criminal are from the same fraternity (media). A blanket is sought to be put on the case," they saidShe said, in the Gujarat case, the woman sought anonymity but some papers have even published their name and photograph.BJP alleged that this is a wake-up call for all. "A political vendetta is taking place. The involvement of Congress and its surrogates in the matter needs to be looked into," Lekhi said.Hitting out at Tejpal, BJP alleged that through their "atonement" letter, they have sought a "paid holiday" of six months."Can atonement for a criminal act like this be granted? If it is granted, it should take place within the jail premises. Even though Tejpal has admitted to having committed the crime, sending them away from Tehelka is not a befitting punishment at all considering the serious nature and assault on their own woman staffer," Lekhi saidOn Wednesday Tejpal had accepted "misconduct" against a woman journalist and offered to recuse themselves from the post and the office for six months."I have already unconditionally apologized for my misconduct to the concerned journalist, but I feel impelled to atone further," they had said.
News
Planning for Joomla! 3.3
With the announcement of the forthcoming 3.3 release of the Joomla! CMS, the Production Leadership Team would like to define our plans and timeline for this release.
Timeline
The PLT is pleased to announce that the 3.3 release will be made available on April 1, 2014. We have defined several milestones leading up to this release date, to include:
February 24, 2014 - Feature proposals must be submitted
March 8, 2014 - All features must be merged
March 12, 2014 - 3.3 Beta Release
March 26, 2014 - 3.3 Release Candidate
April 1, 2014 - 3.3 Stable Release
Please note that dates may be subject to change depending on availability of volunteers and circumstances beyond our control.
Vision for 3.3
For 3.3, we aim for a smaller release focusing on the backlog of feature proposals. Some of the items we would like to focus on and ask for help with testing and review are:
MooTools to jQuery JavaScript conversions
Cloud Storage APIs
Microdata library implementation
Front end module editing
Though our focus is on our feature backlog, we will still be accepting new feature proposals. For 3.3, this could mean optimizing an area of the code base or refactoring a class to improve its performance and testability.
Extended Security Support for 3.2
The PLT is planning a 3.2 release on April 1, 2014, the same day as 3.3.0. For this release, the PLT plans to include all of the bug fixes committed after 3.2.2 into this release, enabling 3.2 users to have the most stable code base we can offer them during the extended support period.
As previously announced, 3.2 will receive extended security support through October 2014 for users on hosts who do not meet the minimum required PHP version of 5.3.10. During the extended support period users can expect:
Security releases for 3.2 as needed
Continued support for 2.5
Continued support for 3.3
Users who are unable to update to 3.3 due to the new PHP requirements are able to use the one click-click update, once they update to PHP 5.3.10.
Discussion
For discussion about the 3.3 release, please utilize the CMS Google Group mailing list.
Mexico's Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo addresses the media to close the second round of NAFTA talks involving the United States, Mexico and Canada at Secretary of Economy headquarters in Mexico City, Mexico, September 5, 2017. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - As the United States, Mexico and Canada prepare for another round of negotiations to revamp the North American Free Trade Agreement, Mexico's economy minister on Tuesday urged the parties to stop fixating on trade deficits between the countries.
The trade disparity between the U.S. and Mexico has been a frequent complaint of President Donald Trump, who has threatened to withdraw from NAFTA if they do not get concessions to reduce a U.S. trade deficit of around $64 billion with Mexico.
But Mexican Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo insisted that talks to overhaul the 23-year-old trade accord should not center on trade deficits.
“We cannot continue under these optics that our only measurable objective can be the reduction of commercial deficits,” they said during an interview with local television. “Discussing the theme of the deficit would generate a war of protectionism that would dismantle the advance of the agreement.”
NAFTA is a key pillar of the Mexican economy, with some 80 percent of the country's exports sent to the United States. But Guajardo suggested that the demise of the trade agreement could create complications for the U.S. as well.
“In the undesirable but possible scenario that the United States leaves the agreement, the possibility that the deficit with Mexico grows is very high.”
The U.S., Mexico and Canada will hold a fourth round of negotiations from Oct. 11 to Oct. 15 in Washington, D.C.
Past promises by the tobacco industry that "light" and "low-tar" cigarettes were healthy alternatives proved wrong.
Now, for the first time, if tobacco companies want to claim that their product does less harm than average cigarettes, they have to get approval from the Food and Drug Administration. The change comes after a long campaign by public health advocates and thanks to a new law passed in 2009.
An FDA advisory board that will play a crucial role in reviewing tobacco companies' applications is gearing up to start receiving requests. The board, known as the Tobacco Products Scientific Advisory Committee, is holding a public meeting Friday in suburban Washington to discuss what factors it should weigh when determining whether a product should be approved.
MORE: Is Obama administration caving to industry on overseas marketing of tobacco?
In regulatory-speak, the products at issue are called "modified risk tobacco products." Those products could include smokeless tobacco, which was used by 8.2 million Americans in 2011, according to the American Cancer Society.
The new law doesn't bar companies from selling the tobacco products but just says it can't claim it has some reduced health risk unless the FDA says so.
No company has submitted an application yet but big tobacco companies are already making their voices heard. In recent comments submitted to the FDA, tobacco company R.J. Reynolds argued there is a "scientific consensus" that smokeless tobacco products "present substantially lower risk than cigarettes."
The tobacco companies make the argument that smokeless tobacco should be part of the public health strategy of getting people to quit smoking cigarettes. "The harm caused by tobacco use is primarily attributed to cigarette smoking," Altria wrote in comments to the FDA recently.
In the industry, Altria is by far the biggest lobbying force and campaign donor. Overall, the industry has spent nearly $27 million lobbying in Washington last year and over $4.1 million donating to federal candidates in the 2012 election, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
On the other side of the debate: health advocates urging the FDA to be cautious.
The promotion of low-tar and light cigarettes as less harmful than regular cigarettes in the 1980s contributed to millions of Americans using them and an "egregious loss of life," said Denny Henigan, the director of policy analysis and research at Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids.
The 2009 Tobacco Control Act sets "appropriately high standards that companies have to meet before they can make that claim," Henigan said.
The statute says the FDA must consider not only the effect of these tobacco products on the smoker but also the general population. That puts the burden on the tobacco companies to demonstrate that their product benefits society as a whole, according to the Tobacco-Free Kids, American Cancer Society and other advocacy groups.
That means considering whether smokeless tobacco could lead non-smokers to start smoking and whether it enables smokers to continue their habit by using the new, potentially safer products in public while using the traditional high-risk cigarettes in private.
Henigan called the advisory board "excellent" and staffed with recognized experts. There are three industry representatives who sit on the board as non-voting members, which they said is appropriate.
(Photo credit: Bryan Hartshorn via Flickr)
A.J. Foyt, shown here in their office in Waller, Texas, has been released from a Houston hospital after 25 days, the longest hospitalization of their life. (Photo: IMS Photo)
Four-time Indianapolis 500 winner A.J. Foyt was released from a Houston hospital this week following triple bypass heart surgery Nov. 12, their IndyCar team announced Thursday.
Although the heart surgery was successful, Foyt, 79, developed serious complications with their lungs and kept on a ventilator for eight days to allow for full functionality.
The 25 days represented Foyt's longest-ever hospitalization. They were admitted Nov. 7 with chest pains.
"I had some problems that most people don't have after open-heart surgery, so I made my doctors work extra hard but they saved my life," Foyt said in a statement released by A.J. Foyt Racing. "We've turned a corner so everything's pretty good. I've got a long way to go, but I'm feeling better every day."
AJ Foyt is home after long hospital stay due to complications following triple bypass. Tough go but on road to recovery! #IndyCar#NASCAR — AJ Foyt Racing (@AJFoytRacing) December 4, 2014
Foyt is expected to make a full recovery, but their doctors have explained to them that it might take longer than they are anticipating.
Foyt won a record 67 IndyCar races in their career, plus seven series championships.  They are the only driver to have won the Indianapolis 500, the Daytona 500 and the 24 Hours of LeMans.
In addition to winning Indy as a driver, their race team won the 1999 race with Kenny Brack driving the famed No. 14 car. A.J. Foyt Racing will field Verizon IndyCar Series cars for Takuma Sato and Jack Hawksworth in 2015.
With the Supreme Court's decision in the McCutcheon case, some people think we're heading for the complete removal of contribution limits from campaigns. Jeffrey Toobin, for instance, argues that the way Justice Roberts defines corruption—basically, nothing short of outright bribery qualifies—means that they could well be teeing things up to eliminate contribution limits entirely in some future case. Which got me thinking: if we really are headed for that eventual outcome, how would that place us compared to other countries? For instance, if you're a Monsieur Koch in France, can you write a candidate a million-euro check?
Fortunately, the good folks at the International Institute for Democracy and Electoral Assistance (International IDEA), an inter-governmental agency, have gathered this kind of information together. Of course, a large database of laws from all over the world is going to miss many of the subtleties and loopholes that characterize each individual country's system. But if you were thinking that other similarly advanced democracies must all have tighter laws than ours, you wouldn't be exactly right.
While International IDEA's database contains information on 43 variables for 172 countries, for the moment I decided to focus on two questions: Are there limits on contributions to parliamentary candidates, and are there limits on spending? I also decided to focus on the 34 member nations of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development, since the OECD is how we often define "countries like us." And I eliminated Mexico and Portugal, where all contributions go through parties and individual candidates don't take contributions. So, what does the picture look like?
The no-limits nations: Australia, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Germany, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, and Turkey.
In these places, there are no limits on contributions, and no limits on what candidates can spend. But that doesn't mean that these countries' wealthy are writing million-euro checks to parliamentary candidates. It's important to keep in mind that the role money is able to play in politics is determined by multiple factors, many of which serve to hold down both contributions and spending, even when the law doesn't impose limits. For instance, most of the countries in the OECD have traditions of stricter party discipline than we do, and that makes members of the legislature somewhat interchangeable, which in turn can reduce the utility of buying yourself a few of them. Even more importantly, TV advertising is the single largest expense for most American congressional candidates, while in many other countries candidates are either forbidden from advertising on television or given free TV time. In most places there's substantial public funding of campaigns, and candidates are often forbidden from campaigning until a relatively short period before election day. Put all that together, and you have elections where, even if it would technically be legal to rain huge amounts of money down on candidates, nobody considers it worth their while (for instance, here's a nice description of the relative quiet of a German campaign). So the idea of someone spending two or three million dollars to get a seat in the national legislature, the way American House candidates routinely do, would seem absurd.
The all-limit nations: Belgium, Canada, Chile, France, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Japan, South Korea, Poland, Slovenia.
In these countries, there are limits on both contributions and on spending. The contribution limits tend to be in the same rough ballpark as ours (the current limit for U.S. federal campaigns is $2,600 in the primary and $2,600 in the general). So in Canada, you can give $1,100 to a parliamentary candidate; in Greece it's $3,000 euros, in Iceland it's a little under $2,500 euros, and so on. There are a couple of outliers—in Japan, you can contribute 1.5 million yen, or $14,439 in today's exchange rate, to each candidate per year. Another is Israel, where a complicated formula will allow you to contribute a couple of hundred thousand dollars to some candidates.
But spending limits, which are quite low in most places (often in the five figures), make all the difference. Which brings us to:
The nations with limits on spending but not on donations: Austria, Hungary, Italy, New Zealand, Slovakia, the United Kingdom.
It does seem a little odd that you would have limits on what a parliamentary candidate can spend, but no limits on what someone can donate to them But if you have the former, you don't really need the latter. If a candidate is only allowed to spend $20,000, they don't really have to worry about seeking out donations (a raffle or two down at the pub might do the trick), and there's no point in writing them a big check to try to win their favor. And finally…
The nations with contribution limit but no spending limits: Finland, the United States.
Not knowing much about Finnish elections, I'm not going to speak to what goes on there (though if I had to guess I'd say they're polite, thoughtful affairs). But for American candidates, it's the worst of both worlds. The lack of spending limits means they're always at risk of being outspent, which means they can never stop raising money. But the lack of contribution limits means they have to get that money in $2,600 increments, meaning they have to keep asking and asking and asking.
If we removed the contribution limits, it would certainly make candidates' lives easier; if you can convince one billionaire to write you a check for $2.6 million, that's the equivalent of persuading a thousand ordinarily reach people to give you $2,600, and that would free you up to spend a lot more time calling your opponent a low-down cur who wants to bring the republic to ruin. But would it make the system more corrupt? You bet it would.
As you look over the different regulations various countries have come up with, it does seem that the thing that makes all the difference in how campaigns are conducted is the spending limits, which are often combined with time limits on electioneering. Everyone has to weigh two competing considerations. The first is the desire for elections that retain a reasonable amount of integrity, and are conducted in a manner that is, for lack of a better term, civilized. And the second is the principle of free speech, that a candidate for office should be able to say what they want, as often as they want, and spend as much as they want doing it, even at the risk of corruption. In most other countries, they've decided that the first consideration is more important. In the U.S., we've decided that the second consideration is the only one that matters.
An enlightened man no longer thinks of pink as something that only comes cut with an A-line hem or replete with buttons that fasten the wrong way around. And yet, it's still a colour that's criminally underrepresented in most wardrobes.
“The main worry for guys is that they could look effeminate in pink,” says Mr Porter contributing style director Dan May. “But no colour is off limits. It's just the way you style it and the confidence with which you pull it off.”
The likelihood is that your wardrobe already has a rosy tinge. You've probably got a pink shirt, which you may or may not call ‘salmon' and break out only for weddings. Tucked in a drawer, there's a pair of pink socks that you got for Christmas and only air on laundry day. Perhaps there's a cerise-and-black striped tie that you wear, despite not being convinced you like it, because someone once said it suited you.
And that's a shame. Because deployed properly – rather than as an afterthought – pink is personality. “Wearing pink automatically tells people you're a confident character,” says Tony Cook, a stylist who has dressed the likes of A$AP Rocky.
Its absence from most outfits means it stands out in yours and, so long as you pick hues that suit your skin tone and that sit pretty with the rest of your outfit, it's a statement that flatters.
A History Of Men Wearing Pink
Though these days Barbie's outfits come in pink and Action Man's don't (admittedly, pink doesn't exactly make for great camouflage), it's a modern gender split, says May. “Until the 20th century, toddlers of either sex were normally dressed in white, but when colours were used, boys were dressed in pink.”
The thinking was that since pink was closer to red and therefore a strong colour, it was inherently more masculine. It wasn't until some spurious mid-century neurology was misunderstood to mean women preferred redder tints that Barbie began to opt for the hot pink paint job on their convertible, while Action Man donned fatigues.
The notion of men in pink has oscillated in and out of acceptance ever since. In the shape of a pink Oxford shirt, it's become a preppy staple. For fans of the blazer and pocket square, it's a summer look seemingly impervious to trends. It has even influenced the football casuals crowd, who would reach for pink polo shirts to stand out on the terraces.
And now, as nostalgia reigns supreme and sportswear-clad subcultures' styles swing back into fashion, pink is once again a look worth tapping. Here's how.
The Right Pink For Your Skin Tone
The key to making pink work for you is ensuring it's the right one. “Picking the wrong shade can wash out your skin tone and work against your complexion,” says Cook.
As with so much in fashion, you need to work in opposites. “For paler skin, a stronger, deeper tone works best. A pale or pastel pink, the kind usually associated with Oxford shirts, complements a post-holiday glow and darker skin.”
But that doesn't mean men with Ron Weasley's complexion should reach for fuschia tailoring. “You can't really wear a great deal of pink if you're very light-skinned,” says May. “It will wash you out. A lot of sartorial rules can be broken, or at least bent if it's done in the right way, but that one's for certain.”
Colours That Work With Pink
Every colour has a Morecambe to its metaphorical Wise. For camel, it's navy; for green, it's grey; and for pink it's no different. While a whole range of hues is up for grabs, rogue tones look best alongside darker blues and browns, but can also pair with white for a striking high-summer statement.
Similar Colours (Easiest To Pair): Reds and mauve pinks.
Contrasting Colours (Harder To Pair): Blue violets and yellow greens.
Complementary Colours (Hardest To Pair): Blue greens.
Recommended: Grey, beige and white, along with darker shades of green and blue.
5 Ways To Wear Pink
Pink As An Accessory
Aside from picking the right shade, wearing pink requires steely self-esteem. If you're more of a shrinking violet, experiment with smaller, subtle pieces that are worn away from the skin such as a pocket square or a flash of pink sock.
Pink In Winter
Contrary to popular belief, you don't need to restrict wearing pink to the summer months. In winter, rosy layering pieces offer contrast, peeking out from underneath heavier outerwear, and will inject some colour into wardrobes that have a tendency to steer as sober as the colder seasons' cloud-bruised skies.
Pink At Work
Despite appearing punchy, pink won't struggle to slot into what you already wear. In tailoring, it plays especially well with other traditionally masculine colours – there's a reason the salmon shirt and navy suit has become a modern power dressing staple. Grey also works well in formalwear or, for a more contemporary approach, black and pink together nod to the grunge trend.
Pink As Workwear
Suggesting that anyone wear pink needs to ‘man up' is a little too old hat. (Just look at Drake.) However, putting the colour to work on rugged workwear pieces such as bombers, denim jackets and sweatshirts – is an easy way to guarantee you get looks down the pub for all the right reasons.
Pink As Streetwear
If further proof that you should be dressing like My Little Pony was needed, take it from pink's infiltration of the streetwear world. A fuchsia velour tracksuit is probably (read: definitely) a little too Paris Hilton circa 2003 but hoodies, windbreakers and sneakers bags are all fair game for building a fire ‘fit.
5 Pink Pieces All Men Can Wear
Oxford Shirt
Given its ability to pair expertly with darker tones like blue (as in, the colour of those jeans you wear almost every day) a casual Oxford shirt is an extremely smart buy. Use the button-down to lighten up an otherwise sober look by opting for a brighter example shade or keep things classic and dusty.
Tie
An easy option for injecting some (much-welcomed) personality into formal attire, a pink tie is a surefire way to prove why blokes can wear blush. Whether for work or a summer wedding, set the knot against a white or even tonal shirt for a look that won't make you look like a six-year-old girl.
Basics
Streetwear may have only recently gained the acceptance (or, rather, the appropriation) of the fashion crowd, but it's long been ahead of the pack when it comes to pink. Commonly used on T-shirts, sweatshirts and hoodies, either in plain pink is something that sits neatly under a denim shirt or jacket.
Swimming Shorts
If ever there's a time to make a splash with pink, it's while on holiday. Of course, while a decidedly dashing beach choice, the high skin-to-short ratio with swimwear makes getting the shade right all the more important. Especially if your complexion has a tendency to look like Strawberry Angel Delight by day five.
Pink Trainers
In recent years, the world of trainers has been dominated by white, white and, well, a bit of off-white, but mainly white. Now, though, minimalist kicks are making way for everything from retro classics to fluoro-tinged beasts, both of which give a leg up to pink pumps. Pair with dark trousers such as raw denim or grey joggers for added pop.
It's pretty crazy to think that 43% of the 30 NBA teams have new coaches this season, but it's true. As we all know, the Nuggets are among those teams with a new HC and they have been experiencing the growing pains that come along with changing philosophies. The issues with Brian Shaw's team seem pretty bad, especially when you consider Denver won 57 games last season. But when you put things into a bit on context - are they really that bad?
Let's take a look at how the new coaches are doing, in order of wins:
Based on the above standings, Shaw ranks fifth among new coaches in terms of wins. Five out of 13 is about middle of the road, which is where the Nuggets basically sit among all 30 NBA teams, as well. This is not where Nuggets fan want their team to be. This is not where NBA teams want to be either. The middle of the road in the NBA is no man's land. You're not competing for a title and you're not going to get top draft picks that may or may not help your team improve.
The Nuggets are going through growing pains, bigger than most people realize. In a world of wanting everything now (NOW!) ... there is no time for patience. The 57 win Nuggets were built to run and coached to run. The style deployed by George Karl masked certain weaknesses and highlighted certain strengths. They coached the roster they had the only way they could in order for it to be successful.
Main cogs on that team are not around this season, namely: Andre Iguodala, Danilo Gallinari, Kosta Koufos, JaVale McGee, Corey Brewer and Andre Miller. Sit back for a moment and remember just how important those guys were to the success of the 57 win Nuggets. Three of those six guys played in just about every key moment for the team last season and even Brewer, Koufos and McGee played in crucial stretches, at times.
The 2013-14 Nuggets are not the same team and they are not trying to do the same things. Good or bad, right or wrong ... the Nuggets have changed and they need to change more, much more. We heard a lot from Shaw before the start of the season how the Nuggets needed to play big, play inside-out, and get away from the reliance on running. But the truth is that the Nuggets don't need to get away from their up-tempo game.
You can win in the NBA by playing quick at times, just look at the Miami Heat, Oklahoma City Thunder, San Antonio Spurs, and Los Angeles Clippers. Heck, last year's Nuggets were just fine. Don't you think the Pacers, Grizzlies, and Bulls would like to play faster? They just can't do it. You play to your strengths in the NBA and the Nuggets are going through a period of trying to figure out what those strengths will be.
Josh Kroenke wanted to take their franchise in a different direction, enter Shaw. What Shaw seems to be trying to do this season is win games, that's what all NBA coaches are trying to do. What that means is Shaw has been sacrificing some development in order to maximize wins (even though there has been development for young guys, but also quick hooks). The Nuggets have played faster than a lot of people expected, they've begun to utilize their big men in a manner unseen in Denver for a brief time (Nene was a post beast for Karl), and they no longer have a high-risk / high-reward defense that creates chaos for a fast-break offense (more man-to-man D designed to force tough shots and limit possessions ... when it works).
The biggest question that is being created this season? Is Brian Shaw's system going to be a success?
You have a few options on how you want to view how things are going:
1.) The Nuggets will be okay once they get "Shaw guys" on the roster.
2.) The Nuggets will be okay once they get "Shaw's system" ingrained.
3.) The Nuggets have stayed afloat with some rough injuries.
4.) Shaw's system is not working.
Why have Rivers, Hornacek, Joerger, and Budenholzer experience more success this season? Rivers went 12-6 without Chris Paul for a good chunk of January and four games in February, Hornacek has impressed with a roster that few fans would get excited about, Joerger went 10-13 without Marc Gasol, and Budenholzer has gone 9-11 since losing Al Horford for the season (torn pec). Does any of it mean much through roughly 50 games for NBA teams?
The Pistons seemed to think that 50 games were enough to make a judgment call. Detroit GM Joe Dumars canned Maurice Cheeks after a 21-29 start and replaced the first year coach with John Loyer (1-0). Cheek has a career coaching record of 305-315, so there is a bit to be said for what type of coach they are ... but you can also look at the Pistons' roster and say, 'What did you expect?'
It's tough to read where the Nuggets are going. The most disturbing recent pattern? The Nuggets have lost three in a row by a combined score of 362-279. They have been outscored by 83 points in three games. As Darrell Arthur told me at the beginning of the season, you have to want to play defense every night. Fans shouldn't mind when their team loses, but you have to recognize when a team is barely competing. Injuries are one thing and could account for some low offensive totals, but there is no excuse for bad defensive efforts.
If a system is good then it shouldn't really matter what players you put in it. But if your players are not buying into your system then you have a problem. If you have players that are tuning out your coach, then you have a problem. The Nuggets have problems, but it has been tough pinpointing exactly what they are. Hearing from Shaw, there is a lack of players following their game plans. We have heard a lot of, to paraphrase: We game planned for this and the players didn't execute that. Any way you cut it ... whether it's the coach or the players, it's not good.
Is the problem the roster or is the problem that the players are not buying what the coach is selling? That's what the front office has to figure out. At some point the question is going to turn to: What are the 2014-15 Nuggets going to look like? And we're not talking totally about what the roster will look like, it's bigger than that.
Is what the Nuggets are going through today going to be helpful tomorrow? If you believe in Shaw's system then you have hope for where the team will be headed. But have we really seen Shaw's system yet? There has been a degree of sacrificing system for wins, but we don't know how much.
We are 50 games into the 2013-14 season and the Nuggets still do not have an identity or a clear direction.
Pets and Circus Clowns [They Came From Beneath the Sea!]
Open Development, They Came From Beneath The Sea!
Greetings, wayfarers!
Matthew Dawkins reporting in. It's been some time since my last confession. As many of you will be aware, I've been at work developing Onyx Path's new game, They Came From Beneath the Sea!, an RPG of 1950s b-movie science fiction, horror, and japes. They Came From is intended to be a game you can play to meet any mood or tone, using the framework of one of those archetypal sci-fi classics we know and love. The budget may be low, the costumes may be ridiculously rubbery, and the acting may be poor. But! That's not too different from most roleplaying experiences, so we should be fine.
My aim with this game is to present a world where within the space of months, creatures from the depths emerge and start threatening our way of life. To the player or Director in need of an analogy, look no further than the reason many such invasion movies came out in the decade they did: the threat of nuclear war was ever present. The panic our heroes feel in these games is the panic they feel when confronted with the Red Scare, the House Unamerican Committee, enforced patriotism, and the real belief it could all end in an instant if someone pushes the big red button. The difference is that the threats are bipedal crabs, brain eater eels consuming our identities, peer pressure forcing every common Joe and Jane to take up arms, and the danger of something more dangerous than a single shuffling aquaterpillar creeping its way up the shore. There's humor found in a game like this, and we certainly aim for tongue to be in cheek at parts. There's also a feeling of humanity's desperation. The writers have successfully put that mood into words in the drafts I'm redlining.
You will receive more information about this game as time goes on, but for now, I present you with an extract from Chapter One (written by Jacqueline Bryk and Larry Blamire, though this section is specifically Larry's – so blame them for the clowns).
***
Keep Watching The Waves
Deep sea exploration is nothing new. It's been going on since 1521 when Ferdie Magellan dropped a line 2,400 feet and didn't find the bottom. It didn't get into full swing until the 1870s with the HMS Challenger's systematic approach to undersea exploration — leading to the birth of oceanography — with lines, dredges and trawls to make measurements and take samples. In the 1930s, Otis Barton's bathysphere broke ground, or water, and Barton themselves recently set a record with their 4,500 foot / 1,372 meter dives in their benthoscope.
Now there have been some pretty strange specimens retrieved from extreme depths, some that could be called nightmare-inducing fish, things glowing in a world of otherwise absolute darkness. But they are relegated and accustomed to those conditions, that enormous pressure and lack of light. They would not do well on the surface, if they could even get to it. And while it's true that much of the ocean floor remains unexplored, it seems hard to imagine anything vaguely sinister, anything with an agenda, and certainly nothing to suggest advanced intellect.
And so indeed it is something of a shock that the actual alien invasion of Earth comes, not from above, but from below. The monsters are in our very own backyard, our giant swimming pool, where so many go to relax, that “next to final frontier,” the place we smugly thought we knew and rather complacently take for granted, where most of our water is.
They Come From the Sea.
So the question immediately comes to mind: Why? And why now? What could they possibly want with us? What could they want on land?
Quite a bit, actually. More on that later. First, let's look at whom, or what, they are, and how we first become aware.
Like many past civilizations before us, the first to become aware of the danger are pets and circus clowns. The latter might sound facetious, but when circus-goers begin to react listlessly and morosely to their zany antics, it's the clowns' heightened sensitivity (possibly brought on by years of pies in the face) that first react to the subtle changes in humanity. For the beginnings of this alien intrusion are not in the form of a sudden overnight onslaught of Things Marching From the Sea. Indeed, this invasion is insidious, not only in its sheer scope and variety of outrageous and horrific lifeforms, but also its clandestine and sinister infiltration into our daily lives.
Keep Watching Your Backs
The sandpits are singing.
You know, the ones out back, just past the yard, beyond the crooked tree on the little knoll. Like the little boy in Invaders From Mars we begin to discover that Mom and Dad are not Mom and Dad anymore. One by one, friends and family are lured out back, to be sucked into that sandpit.
Yes, the first wave of alien attack is subversive: infiltration. The enemy mixing among us. This comes in two basic forms:
Destruction and replacement
Takeover and possession
Each results in false humans walking and interacting with us. For the most part it's systematic and effective, which is why we should be worried. But there are signs. There are things to look for, and that gives humankind some hope to go with our grim determination, science and flailing fists.
For instance, the Crab People, even posing as humans, are compelled to walk sideways. They can't help it. Evolution-wise, they're part people — and there's quite a resemblance — but that sideways thing is just really hard to shake. Plus, it's difficult to hold the bony face plates under their skin to retain a certain likeness (of the person they've replaced) for longer than several hours or so before needing a breather, at which point their wide hideous mandibles open up the entire face and suddenly it's not Uncle Walt anymore.
Now, the disgusting Brain Eater Eel is easily squished in its natural form. Not so much in a human host. So these things are dangerous. What we need to be on the lookout for, then, is their insatiable appetite and a rather geekish hunger for human cinema. These can sometimes give them away. Of course, this does little to lessen the terror of knowing these creepy things could be beside us in line at the supermarket or Marx Brothers festival.
The third of our notable Identity Crisis Nightmares is perhaps the strangest. The Thaumocs are a form of super-intelligent octopi that are both clever and technologically advanced. How does a brainy cephalopod pass as human? With great difficulty, as the joke goes.
Actually, they ride around in a masterfully designed people suit; a fleshy fluid-filled frame fine enough to fool folks. One shortcoming is the Thaumoc's lack of speech, causing them to depend on a contrivance that spews small talk, which is what they hear when they monitor and record our human blather. If you meet someone even more boring than usual, with limited direct interaction, there's a good chance it's one of them.
Knowing these imperfections should not lead us to a sense of overconfidence, by any means. It is merely meant to balance what has become the highest level of paranoia to ever infect civilized society, even more than the spread of communism. They are survival tips as well as morale booster in the face of things that sometimes quite literally make our skin crawl. The only enemy more dangerous than the one you don't know is the one you know.
Keep watching your backs…
***
Feel free to ask questions below, and I will answer what I can!
Introduction
For more than thirty years, it has been claimed that a way to improve software developers' productivity and software quality is to focus on people (Boehm & Papaccio, 1988). Some strategies to achieve low-cost but high-quality software involve assigning developers private offices, creating a working environment to support creativity, and providing incentives (Boehm & Papaccio, 1988), in short, making software developers satisfied and happy. Several Silicon Valley companies and software startups seem to follow this advice by providing incentives and perks to make their developers happy (Drell, 2011; Google Inc., 2014; Stangel, 2013) and, allegedly, more productive (Marino & Zabojnik, 2008).
Human factors (called human aspects in software engineering) play an important role in the execution of software processes and the resulting products (Colomo-Palacios et al., 2010; Feldt et al., 2010; Sommerville & Rodden, 1996). This perception of the importance of human aspects in software development, e.g., “Individuals and interactions over processes and tools”, led to the publication of the Agile manifesto (Beck et al., 2001). As noted by Cockburn & Highsmith (2001), “If the people on the project are good enough, they can use almost any process and accomplish their assignment. If they are not good enough, no process will repair their inadequacy—‘people trump process' is one way to say this.” (p. 131). This claim has received significant attention; however, little evidence has been offered to verify this claim in empirical software engineering research.
The software engineering field faces an additional challenge compared with more traditional engineering fields; software development is substantially more complex than industrial processes. The environment of software development is all but simple and predictable (Dybå, 2000). Much change occurs while software is being developed, and agility is required to adapt and respond to such changes (Williams & Cockburn, 2003). Software development activities are perceived as creative and autonomous (Knobelsdorf & Romeike, 2008). Environmental turbulence requires creativity to make sense of the changing environment, especially in small software organizations (Dybå, 2000). The ability to creatively develop software solutions has been labelled as critical for software firms (Ciborra, 1996; Dybå, 2000) but has been neglected in research.
The software construction process is mainly intellectual (Darcy & Ma, 2005; Glass, Vessey & Conger, 1992). Recently, the discipline of software engineering has begun to adopt a multidisciplinary view and has embraced theories from more established disciplines, such as psychology, organizational research, and human–computer interaction. For example, Feldt et al. (2008) proposed that the human factors of software engineering could be studied empirically by “collecting psychometrics”.1 Although this proposal has begun to gain traction, limited research has been conducted on the role of emotion and mood on software developers' skills and productivity.
As human beings, we encounter the world through affects; affects enable what matters in our experiences by “indelibly coloring our being in the situation” (Ciborra, 2002, p. 161). Diener et al. (1999) and Lyubomirsky, King & Diener (2005) reported that numerous studies have shown that the happiness of an individual is related to achievement in various life domains, including work achievements. Indeed, emotions play a role in daily jobs; emotions pervade organizations, relationships between workers, deadlines, work motivation, sense-making and human-resource processes (Barsade & Gibson, 2007). Although emotions have been historically neglected in studies of industrial and organizational psychology (Muchinsky, 2000), an interest in the role of affect on job outcomes has increased over the past decade (Fisher & Ashkanasy, 2000). The relationship between affect on the job and work-related achievements, including performance (Barsade & Gibson, 2007; Miner & Glomb, 2010; Shockley et al., 2012) and problem-solving processes, such as creativity, (Amabile et al., 2005; Amabile, 1996) has been of interest for recent research.
Despite the fact that the ability to sense the moods and emotions of software developers may be essential for the success of an Information Technology firm (Denning, 2012), software engineering research lacks an understanding of the role of emotions in the software development process (Khan, Brinkman & Hierons, 2010; Shaw, 2004). In software engineering research, the affective states of software developers have been investigated rarely in spite of the fact that affective states have been a subject of other Computer Science disciplines, such as human–computer interaction and computational intelligence (Lewis, Dontcheva & Gerber, 2011; Tsonos, Ikospentaki & Kouroupetrolgou, 2008). Thus, we believe that studying the affective states of software developers may provide new insights about ways to improve overall productivity.
Many of the tasks that software developers engage in require problem-solving. For example, software developers need to plan strategies to find a possible solution to a given problem or to generate multiple creative and innovative ideas. Therefore, among the many skills required for software development, developers need to possess high analytical problem-solving skills and creativity. Both of these are cognitive processing abilities. Indeed, software development activities are typically not physical. Software development is complex and intellectual (Darcy & Ma, 2005; Glass, Vessey & Conger, 1992), and it is accomplished through cognitive processing abilities (Fischer, 1987; Khan, Brinkman & Hierons, 2010). Some cognitive processes have been shown to be deeply linked to the affective states of individuals (Ilies & Judge, 2002). Furthermore, to the best of our knowledge, the relationship between affective states and the creativity and analytical problem-solving skills of software developers in general has never been investigated.
This article offers several contributions: (1) it provides a better understanding of the impact of affective states on the creativity and analytical problem-solving capacities of developers; (2) it introduces and validates psychological measurements, theories, and concepts of affective states, creativity and analytical problem-solving skills in empirical software engineering; and (3) it raises the need to study human factors in software engineering by employing a multidisciplinary viewpoint.
Next, we will review some of the background research on how affective states impact creative problem-solving.2 Following the background section, we will report a new experiment that establishes the relationship between affect and productivity in software developers.
I'm starting to see police brutality as white people responding to their fear of us by trying to make us fear them. It's what they did since the beginning of this country. As we start gaining power, authority and success their feeling of supremacy and superiority is threatened; so they take their mediocrity and lack of superiority and prowess out on black people.
Humans are often controlled by fear. It's what we rely on to keep us alive. Their message: if you want to stay alive stay in your place. I want to remain positive and think that with enough attention and coverage something will change, but in the end white people will defend white people exponentially more than they will for people of color. We've been on our own forever. This country is such a fucking joke. Freedom is a fucking joke.
New York Giants wide receiver Brandon Marshall hasn't been shy about their battles with mental illness. In fact, in recent years they have become a public voice on the struggles.
Marshall, 33, has borderline personality disorder. It created problems throughout their childhood and early in their football career. They aren't diagnosed until 2011, and has since created Project 375 to support the cause.
With another chance to speak out about the problem, as part of the Child Mind Institute's month-long #MyYoungerSelf social media campaign, Marshall offered this advice to their younger self: “Don't let the diagnosis define who I am.”
Here's the full message:
Marshall isn't the only celebrity participating in the Mental Health Awareness Month videos. Olympic swimmer Michael Phelps, actors and actores Emma Stone, Jesse Eisenberg and Lena Dunham and fashion designer Tommy Hilfiger also sent messages to their younger self.
Dunham's name might ring a bell. She's, um, acquaintances with Giants star wide receiver Odell Beckham Jr.
mike koozmin/s.f. examiner file photo
The Board of Supervisors will vote today on an amended ordinance that would eliminate restrictions on the number of arcade games a San Francisco business can have based on its square footage.
Pinball enthusiasts have apparently scored in a push to revise San Francisco's arcade gaming laws dating back to the 1980s that have deterred some business owners from installing the machines.
The Board of Supervisors is expected to approve legislation today that would change The City's arcade gaming laws that restrict the number of machines based on issues such as a business' square footage or distance from schools, and require permits from the Entertainment Commission.
The rallying cry for the amended law was the plight of Free Gold Watch, a silk-screen print shop at 1767 Waller St. that opened in May 2007. Over time, business owner Matthew Henri added about 30 arcade machines after a few had become popular at the Upper Haight business. But Henri had discovered their operation was running afoul of the law, which does not allow more than 10 arcade machines per location and sets the exact amount based on a business' square footage.
It turned out that Henri wasn't alone in their battle with the law, as others had expressed interest in arcade machines as business complements, including a proposed arcade-themed Castro bar.
The popularity in San Francisco for arcade-style games of the 1980s may have something to do with how The City has a booming technology industry. But enthusiasts also note the games create a community that cuts through economic classes.
"Pinball is one of the few, affordable, casual, low-commitment social recreation opportunities in the city," wrote Eric Raymond, an Upper Haight resident in support of Free Gold Watch.
"Whether you're a tech executive catching the Google Bus just up Stanyan or a homeless kid bumming change on Haight, two quarters grants you equal access to a little entertainment and conversation."
Raymond was one of numerous supporters of the business who called on city officials to support the law change. Some noted that a pinball league has formed at the shop attracting up to 70 people. The 30-year-old city laws seem to take aim at gaming impacts on youth and disruptions that arcade locations might cause in neighborhoods such as crime. But the world of gaming has changed dramatically since then, as much of the craze has migrated to mobile devices like smartphones and arcade machines have become relics.
On Monday, the board's Land Use and Economic Committee approved the amended legislation that was introduced by Supervisor London Breed, who represents the neighborhood where Henri's business is located.
Among the primary revisions, the legislation eliminates the square footage requirement and allows non-bar businesses to operate 10 machines before needing to obtain a permit. Permits cost $740 with an annual $316 fee. The initial proposal required bars to receive a permit for two or more machines, but that was amended Monday to five or more machines.
The developers at Team Ico have been notorious for developing games that incite rare feelings as you tackle seemingly impossible odds. With the release of The Ico & Shadow of Colossus collection players will be able to revisit or for the first time explore the forbidden land and the Queen's castle in HD quality. Both titles were originally released on the Playstation 2, Ico was released in 2001 and Shadow of the Colossus in 2005 and now both games have been given an HD visuals, trophies, and on one Blu-ray disc. In both Shadow of the Colossus and Ico highlighted strong companionships, a vivid soundtrack, and intense battles to show how we can feel and connect more as we play. If you wonder if games can be considered art then play this collection and you'll have your answer.
Both titles place you in a third-person perspective with a limited amount of tools and abilities. In Ico players take control of a young boy named Ico who has been sentenced to be imprisoned by religious figures into a seeming baron castle because of their cursed horns. After escaping their cell, due to an unexpected earthquake, Ico attempts to escape but comes across a girl in a cage named Yorda. This young and delicate girl is hunted by shadowy figures and lacks any way to defend herself. Ico's acrobatics and combat ability combined with Yorda's talent of unlocking special doors the two struggle to escape the castle walls and the evil that hunts them.
Shadow of the Colossus is a prequel to Ico and showcases how Ico's cruel fate came to fruition. In Shadow of the Colossus you take control of another boy named Wander who travels to a forbidden land with nothing but a sword, bow, and their trustworthy steed in order to reverse a ritual that cost the death of their beloved, Mono. Mono was predicted of being part of a cruel destiny and thereby sacrificed. Unwilling to accept this Wanders steals an ancient sword and speaks a dark deity capable of resurrecting them and agrees to do it if Wander eliminates 16 Colossi that inhabits the forbidden land.
Both titles play very different from one another. In Ico you'll traverse the castle to solve puzzles and protect Yorda from being captured. You'll use an array of basic platforming skills and melee combat to solve environmental puzzles and escorting Yorda while ensuring their safety. The gameplay of Ico isn't anything impressive since the puzzles are simple and the combat revolves around tapping the attack button for every fight except the final boss. The setting is what makes Ico an incredible game, traveling throughout the castle with Yorda in hand attempting to conquer impossible odds is truly a moving tale.
Unfortunately not everything in Ico has improved such as the AI for Yorda. You will still have them repeating the same frustrating movements such as running around ladders. It is understandable that their movement is limited but certain advancements would have been welcomed additions. However since this is based on a latter release of the game players can unlock a two-player mode and have access to special translations for Yorda.
While Ico is good Shadow of the Colossus is incredible. Exploring the forbidden lands of Shadow of Colossus showcases a interesting yet lonely freedom. As you shine your sword into the sun to locate the next Colossi It is clear that this land was once inhabit but now simply crumbles under Mother Nature's wraith. Each Colossus is a living puzzle that requires you to use the environment, Agro, and certain weaknesses in order to locate highlighted portions of the creature and plunge your sword into it. These are some of the most intense and memorable boss fights you'll experience, whether it is a big or small Colossi.
It is strange that a quick travel system wasn't implemented though. I understand traveling throughout the forbidden land is a significant element in Shadow of the Colossus but the ability to warp back to the temple of origin would have been a wise choice. A lot of vexation will come from controlling Wander as they are prone to falling down, but after a few hours you will be able to understand how to control the clumsy warrior.
Both titles benefit from the HD visuals, especially Shadow of the Colossus. Every Colossus you encounter and new area you explore has been refined and polished to new standards. In Ico the setting shows a similar glow but small factors such as Ico's white stick-like pants and Yorda's usually bright skin definitely showcase the age of the game. Team Ico should be commended for ensuring that their remake wasn't simply a rehashed version but diligently refined the graphics for improved frame-rate.
The Ico & Shadow of the Colossus collection showcase how games can be more than forms of entertainment, they can be art forms. Why these classics are dated and don't incite the same feelings when I first played them they nevertheless were captivating adventures. The improved visuals, frame-rate, and trophies make it appealing who those seeking to revisit these ventures. And those seeking to complete all the trophies in the game will require multiple playthroughs in each title. It's not the gameplay that made these games great but atmospheric setting, moving soundtrack, and intense story that makes these titles incredible additions to any library.
Adam Siddiqui, NoobFeed (@Twitter)
Beginning in Arkansas, the Bill & Hillary Clinton story is littered with the tarnished reputations, shattered lives, and felony convictions of those with whom they've had political dealings. Given the list easily reaches high double digits, brevity demands we highlight some of the more notable.
Jim and Susan McDougal- These Arkansas buds, real estate business partners, and Dem fundraisers were convicted of felonies, for which they served multiple years in prison.
Webster Hubbell- Hub,chosen by President Clinton to be U.S. Associate AG, resigned a year later, then pleaded guilty to wire and tax fraud. They were sentenced to 21 months imprisonment.
Vince Foster- A Hillary confidant who went from “the pinnacle of the Arkansas legal establishment”, to Deputy White House Counsel, to committing suicide, all within 12 months.
Janet Reno- Shortly after a military style assault, (including tanks), that killed 76 Branch Davidian men, women and children, Commander in Chief Clinton hid behind their skirt. They said, “Finally I told her, that if they thought it was the right thing to do, they should go ahead.”
Monica Lewinsky- They came to the White House as a 22 year old intern, who was smitten and subsequently seduced by a lecherous president well over twice their age. Yet somehow they became a target of ridicule. Hill slandered Monica as a “narcissistic loony toon”.
Ambassador Chris Stevens, Sean Smith, Glen Doherty, and Tyrone Woods- They were killed by a carefully planned terrorist attack, even though Hillary Clinton's State Department had received hundreds of warnings about the increasingly dangerous lack of security at the US consulate in Benghazi. The collateral damage here exceeded the political, by a factor of 4 lives.
On April 12, 2015 Ms. Clinton declared their candidacy for POTUS. The political body count continues to grow.
Debbie Wasserman Schultz- When emails exposed the DemocratNational Committee's vigorous, if underhanded effort, to help Hillary defeat Bernie Sanders, chairperson Deb was forced to publicly and embarrassingly resign their powerful post.
Bernie Sanders- Any chance Bern had of becoming president was doomed by Clinton inspired sabotage. Now Jane Sanders' FBI probe is being cheer-leaded by cranky Hill operatives.
Loretta Lynch- By way of their wholly inappropriate tarmac close encounter with Slick Willy, and Jim Comey's testimony, she's lost even their media halo. Congress is calling.
James Comey- The former FBI director's unseemly acceptance of Loretta Lynch's tawdry advocacy on behalf of candidate Clinton, made them look weak, forever staining their reputation.
The Democrat Party- If you go by raw numbers alone, the most casualties suffered at the hands of the Clintons can be found among Democrats themselves. Hillary's inability to voice a clear, attractive message to working class voters had them bolting the party in droves. It's left
Dems badly split, still fruitlessly searching for a narrative to win back its critical base.
Barack Obama- Last, but most certainly not least, our former president's curious Russia related behavior has reared its ugly head. Barack's, pro-Hillary, politically motivated suppression of Putin's attempted interference in the 2016 election, has forced groupie Dems to offer unprecedented criticism. There are even whispers “The One” should testify before Congress!
So it would seem from Arkansas to D.C., the more things change the more they stay the same. While the Clintons blissfully sail through life, just about anyone with whom they associate, including but not limited to the entire Democrat Party and Barack Obama himself, put themselves at risk. The Hill & Bill legacy of poisonous political collateral damage continues….apace.
According to one quote, politics is the art of getting votes from the poor and campaign funds from the rich. And Czech political campaigns have in the past witnessed stacks of cash washing around with the origins and strings attached for the most part unknown.
This year there does appear to be a difference. The usual billboards and ads offering everything from cars to cat food have not been invaded en masse by mostly middle aged men making bite size promises, the most visible sign of an election in progress. More political ads though appear to have migrated to social media.
Czech parliamentary elections taking place on October 20 and 21 are governed for the first time by new rules setting out spending ceilings for parties and individual candidates. They are also forced to disclose some details of their funding and spending. And, anyone funding a party or candidate, a so- called third person, should come clean by registering themselves and also limited their spending. A new body to oversee the parties and their spending has been up and running since the start of the year.
The new rules have opened up the way for bodies such an anti-corruption watchdog, Transparency International, to try and get to grips with the cash flow and spending for Czech elections this time round. It's also helped it rank how open the various political parties actually are about their financing and spending.
Director of the Czech branch, David Ondráčka, is upbeat about the impact of the new rules on the political environment:
"I see positive progress recently. The level of disclosure of political parties has improved. We see that parties are voluntarily disclosing information about campaigns beyond their legal duties. And the aim of such monitoring is actually to force them into being competitive about who is being more open and who is trying to avoid any potential criticisms for non-transparency.
"However, we see a lot of corporate interests in the elections and there are parties that are connected to large companies and financial interests and it's not easy to understand whether part of the campaign is not financed through other channels, through third parties or other actors."
Ondráčka says the new rules appear to have forced political parties to think twice about their funding and spending:
"The campaign limit is in my view adequate. It has a potential to actually force parties into thinking and into not overspending too much. What we had before was that there were no limits and you could have hundreds of millions and the political marketing became limitless and it spiralled into the sky. "
In fact, the Czech branch with the help of a series of companies deal with mapping and monitoring social media, have tried to break down party political spending. A press conference on October 12 gave a picture of the volume of spending with less than two weeks left before polling and a late splurge in spending on the campaign expected. David Ondráčka again:
"We monitored so-called transparent accounts on a weekly basis and so far the spending was between 10 million and 50 million crowns per political party. So if you think that the cap on spending is 90 million, they are around half way. But it's very clear that now they are speeding up and plan to increase their last minute spending. You can see it in the online world and you can see it on Facebook, Google Ads, and other digital platforms to target their potential voters."
It's clear that political parties have turned this time round to social media in a big way for their campaigns but they show signs of not being too sure whether it's a tool for reaching out to a new audience or making sure the converted don't stray.
"We have used the analytics of the SocialBakers company focused on social media monitoring. There were two findings: parties are spending up to a third of their costs on social and digital media this day. It's evident that this is going up. Secondly, around half of the posts on Facebook are actually promoted with money, meaning that they try to have a bigger reach and find a bigger audience. But political parties also have different strategies. Some of them focus on their core voters and they try to target them with their messages. Some others are trying to attack or reach other voters and other voter groups. Who knows how efficient this strategy is, but in terms of money the fact is that no one is actually underestimating social media these days, not even the communists."
Petr Vymětal is an expert in party political financing at the faculty of international relations at Prague's University of Economics. They say the analysis of social media spending has its limitations:
"It's really difficult because there's a lack of analytics and tools that can be used. Mostly, we saw the expenditures on transparent banking accounts on one hand and then we used the external companies that are dealing with social media behaviour of the actors. But still, the analytical tools that can provide some picture about posting and boosting the posts is really limited and it was really hard."
Vymětal adds that parties appear to be paying for the social media general campaigns and for individual candidates from the same credit card making following the cash flow even more difficult:
"Some parties use a credit card for paying the transactions and uploading the posts on Facebook. Basically, there are two transactions; one, a smaller one, and the second one, much bigger. We assume that one transaction is for the political party itself and the second one is from the candidates that are nominated by the political parties. The thing is that spending money on Facebook is rather limited so you cannot invest unlimited money for the campaign. That's the basic regulation on Facebook that for money invested in the campaign you are limited in the area of the users that you want to have an impact on and the space is also limited on Facebook. You cannot occupy the whole of Facebook with your posts, it's not possible. So from the transparent accounts, we can see that parties are mostly spending through their party political profile as well as through their candidates. "
The other side of the financing coin is, of course, the incoming cash as well and the picture here is also blurred. Transparency's David Ondráčka:
"We looked of course at the donations side as well. There are no real surprises or special findings that we made. The rules are limiting the donors to 3 million crowns per individual or company, which is a major change from the previous times. However, if you are trying to play some tricks and to cover the source of the donations, it's still possible and we will need to rely on the regulatory body to investigate such fraud."
The overall results of Transparency's number crunching can be found on the site Transparentnivolby.cz. Clearly such conclusions would have been impossible in the past but the watchdog says that however creditable the advance in openness has been, there are still flaws in the regulatory framework:
"Today's measures do not allow us to calculate in detail the limit and actual spending of the political spending so we still some adjustment, perhaps this new oversight body will actually need more powers to actually calculate But I believe the limit has a positive role on the overall campaign performance. There are a few relevant loopholes that I see. One of them is the third persons, who are often making the campaign, and often a negative campaign and which is very visible in public discourse. But they don't register themselves and it is not uncovered who is paying for those campaigns and so it's apparent that the current regulation of third persons is not working. The second thing is the issue transparent accounts.
"Okay, it's a very positive thing, you can actually follow the money. But at the same time, political parties have more accounts and some of them are not transparent and you don't see them in real life and in real time. So, they will have to make a report two months after the elections with the final accounting. At the moment, we see only part of the story, unfortunately. And the third thing is the capital spending, as I said, 90 million crowns is relevant but we will probably not be able to calculate what the costs of the campaign were. "
The secretary defended their order to accelerate production of heavily armored mine-resistant troop transports for use in Iraq and Afghanistan. Even at $1 million each, they said, the vehicles have proved their value by saving lives of American military personnel from improvised explosives and suicide bombings, which Mr. Gates described as “the weapon of choice for America's most dangerous and likely adversaries.”
Addressing those who question whether the fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan has left the Army stretched to the breaking point and the nation unprepared for other conflicts, they acknowledged that “it is true that we would be hard pressed to launch a major conventional ground operation elsewhere in the world at this time.”
But they warned any adversary against thinking that the United States had dropped its guard, saying that while the Army and the Marines carried the brunt of the nation's current combat effort, the Air Force and the Navy would be “America's main strategic deterrent” against potential adversaries like Iran, North Korea and China. They called for careful spending to modernize and expand both of these services.
Mr. Gates's views may not prevail beyond the end of the Bush administration, but the next president will face the same competing military priorities, while the services can be expected to renew their push for their favorite weapons programs. While disagreeing on what to do about the war in Iraq, Senators Barack Obama and John McCain have both said they would expand the number of soldiers and marines, and ensure that ground forces are properly equipped and trained for fighting insurgencies and terrorists.
In a steady stream of speeches and initiatives, Mr. Gates has made clear that they will aggressively seek to shape Pentagon policy through the end of their tenure.
The lessons of global conflict over the last quarter-century, they said Tuesday, demonstrate the risk that “smaller, irregular forces — insurgents, guerrillas, terrorists — will find ways, as they always have, to frustrate and neutralize the advantages of larger, regular militaries.”
They cautioned against the “backsliding that has occurred in the past,” as when, after the Vietnam War, counterinsurgency skills were lost as the military returned to preparing for a major conventional conflict against a nation-state rival.
“The risk of overextending the Army is real,” Mr. Gates said. “But I believe the risk is far greater — to that institution, as well as to our country — if we were to fail in Iraq. That is the war we are in. That is the war we must win.”
School chums Chris Brown and Peter Charell absorbed the heavy rock sound of Korn, Soundgarden, and Metallica during the mid-‘90s. Both were music geeks and naturally flirted with the idea of getting a group together. Casual gigs in school motivated them even more, leaving Brown and Charell to design what would become Trapt. In 1997, fellow guitarist Simon Ormandy joined the band. The trio recorded its own demo and landed gigs in and around the suburbs of southern California. Within a year, Trapt were opening up for the likes of Papa Roach, Dredg, and Spike 1000, but high-school graduation loomed ahead.
Trapt's second album, Amalgamation, was self-released in 1998, but the band's dynamic was shifting. Ormandy and Brown were attending classes at UC Santa Barbara by fall 1999 while Charell was several hours away at UC Santa Cruz. The band met up on weekends for rehearsals and shows, and also managed to issue another record, Glimpse, in early 2000 with hopes that a record label would notice. As luck would have it, Trapt impressed those at the Immortal label after a stellar gig at the Troubadour one evening in late 2000. Talks of a deal were in the works, but Immortal dropped the band after eight weeks.
Each member eventually dropped out of school and moved to Los Angeles to focus solely on Trapt. Seattle native Aaron Montgomery joined to play drums, and after a 9/11 benefit show, Warner Bros. offered the band a deal in late 2001. A year later, Trapt prepared their proper debut, and a self-titled EP appeared in spring 2004. The band returned in 2005 with Someone in Control. A live album released in 2007 – simply titled Live – was their first for Nikki Sixx's Eleven Seven labels. A year later they teamed with producer GGGarth Richardson for their third studio album, Only Through the Pain. For their fourth album, the band went into the studio with producer Johnny K, and in 2010 released No Apologies. For their next album the band expanded their sound by adding synthesizers and samples, making their fifth album, Reborn, their most ambitious album to date.
Even your CombatLog file should contain a variety of combats from Apostle fights to AIs fighting barbarians. However, there's no reason not to make my data public, so I added the file to my original post.
Yes, I'd been expecting that something strange like +17 would turn into a simple multiple.
With an Army dealing 2x damage and receiving 1/2 damage (compared to its base unit), this means that has 4x the combat power, and so it would take 4 normal units to kill it! In a 4v1 fight the army would probably die due to flanking bonuses and the accumulated damage penalty, but it would be a close fight. It would kill 3/4 of them and could definitely win a 3v1 fight. Talk about cost effective!!!
Click to expand...
Tech Visionaries Predict One Global Cryptocurrency: Bitcoin
Rate this post
NEW YORK (InsideBitcoins) — Reid Hoffman can spot a technology trend. The founder of LinkedIn worked at Apple, was on the board during the funding of PayPal — and their first company, SocialNet.com, was a social network before social networks were cool. He's invested in Facebook, Airbnb, Flickr and many others. Needless to say, their appearance at the Bitcoin & the Blockchain summit in San Francisco last week was the highlight of the event for many attendees.
Appearing with Wences Casares, the co-founder and CEO of bitcoin wallet and vault Xapo, the two engaged in a wide-ranging and casual conversation that included cryptocurrencies, network effects and the price of bitcoin. Casares has an impressive resume as well, launching the first ISP in their home country of Argentina, and an online financial services portal which they sold to Banco Santander for $750 million in 2000.
The discussion began with a discussion of where bitcoin fits in the cryptocurrency scheme of things.
“You have about 90 cryptocurrencies that have some form of traction, buyers and sellers — all of those cryptocurrencies combined have about 50,000 users. Where bitcoin is at about twice that in new users a week,” Casares said. “All of the cryptocurrencies were about 50% of the volume a year ago. And today, bitcoin is more than 90% of the volume.”
That's the network effect propelling bitcoin to dominance, both agreed. And with momentum, the price will follow. But first things first.
“It's simple math. (The price is going up.) And going up a lot. A half million dollars, a million dollars a coin — something ridiculous like that.”
“I think it is remarkable that bitcoin is working as designed,” Casares added. “It was designed to be spread as an asset and only when it has some significant pervasiveness as an asset; it may become a payment mechanism. There are roughly 10 million people in the world who hold bitcoin; there's less than a million people who are actively using it for payment. If you believe that we're going to get a billion people in bitcoin — in 21 million coins — the only way, is by the price going up. It's simple math. And going up a lot. A half million dollars, a million dollars a coin — something ridiculous like that.”
But for Hoffman the price of bitcoin is of little concern.
“The least interesting question about bitcoin is the current price,” Hoffman said flatly. “Bitcoin is designed … as an asset versus a transaction. So you actually need to get a number of wallets and you have a number of assets in those wallets — and it's only once that becomes more universal does a transaction currency become possible. And so, actually in fact, fluctuations in price, even as dramatic as we've seen, actually reflects a robust ecosystem. You want to actually be stressing systems in order to have them be robust.”
But for bitcoin enthusiasts who are less patient, when will the tipping point be reached? Or, will it? Casares is willing to make a prediction – and it's an explosion with a surprisingly short fuse.
Bitcoin is the “best form of money we've ever seen,” they said, calling it “gold 2.0.” The users that will fuel bitcoin's breakout will total a number around 150 million users, Casares believes. “At this rate of growth we could hope to be there by sometime in 2016 or 2017.”
But Hoffman discounts the zealous devotees that believe bitcoin will outmode all currencies.
“I don't think it will replace all of them. To me, it is 100% clear that there will be at least one global cryptocurrency. I think the likelihood is that bitcoin is that one, versus other ones, given the network effects that it's growing. And that's part of the reason why, in terms of investment and also in terms of developers and all kinds of things, it's how you make that system really robust.”
And Casares thinks that waiting for a breakout moment – some triggering event that proves to be the catalyst for bitcoin's global domination – may be misguided.
“I get questions that seem to imply that we should see some breakthrough, next month – next year. What's going to be the killer app that we haven't seen yet? What's going to make bitcoin explode into the mainstream in a year? But we don't know if these things are going to happen or not — and when. I think that what we can rely on is the same thing that we saw happen in the last five years. If we see the same thing that we saw happen — in terms of bitcoin growth and adoption — in the last five years for the next five years, that gets bitcoin mainstream and gives you many hundreds of millions people on bitcoin; even possibly close to a billion people on bitcoin.”
A Letter To Brewers Fans From Chairman and Principal Owner Mark Attanasio
Caitlin Moyer Blocked Unblock Follow Jul 30, 2013
The following letter was sent to Brewers fans today by Chairman and Principal Owner Mark Attanasio:
July 30, 2013
Dear Brewers Fans:
This past week has been an admittedly difficult time for everyone who loves the Milwaukee Brewers, including our fans, our corporate and community partners, and employees. We share your frustration and disappointment with the news of Ryan Braun's suspension and the mistakes that Ryan has made. We want you to know that we take this matter very seriously.
We recognize that Ryan has many steps ahead of them to regain your trust and respect. This process will take time, and the road to redemption for Ryan will not be easy. Our responsibility as an organization is to help Ryan appreciate the difficult task ahead of them and to assist in the healing process. At the same time, during this frustrating season, we want to reaffirm what the Brewers stand for as an organization. We believe everyone at the Brewers is accountable to each of you every day, and it is a team effort to meet that responsibility. We have an obligation to ensure that our players give maximum effort at all times. We also remain committed to providing you with the best experience at Miller Park. And we appreciate the tremendous loyalty and support you continue to demonstrate to the team. We never take your passion and our strong relationship with you for granted.
Starting this week, we will be introducing a series of initiatives to reaffirm our commitment to you and all of our fans throughout Wisconsin. We know that these initiatives are not a substitute for success on the field, and our primary mission remains to have a perennially competitive team. As we have previously stated, no single player defines the Milwaukee Brewers, and the success or failure of our organization is not tied to the performance or behavior of any single player. Within the clubhouse walls reside many talented players who will be the centerpieces of what we hope are the next great Milwaukee Brewers teams. This abiding belief is reflected on the cover of our 2013 Media Guide where six players are pictured. We have always maintained that any success the team experiences on the field is not possible without our fans, and we ask you to continue to be a part of the success of our organization.
We deeply appreciate your loyalty, patience, and understanding. On behalf of the entire Brewers organization, you have my pledge that we will overcome these current challenges, and we will reward the best fans in baseball with a team that truly represents our community.
Go Brewers!
Mark Attanasio
Chairman and Principal Owner
Commodore Wi-Fi Modem
It's here! My Commodore Wi-Fi Modem is now available for purchase.
Ordering Info
The cost of the Modem is $150, plus $20 for the USB programmer (highly recommended) and flat rate $10 shipping worldwide.
Second Third batch is available for purchase! Third batch is sold out!
Send the money by Paypal (preferred) by clicking here: Wi-Fi Modem, USB Programmer, and Shipping. (If you don't have Paypal, email me and we can figure something else out.)
*** Be sure to include your mailing address! ***
About the Wi-Fi Modem
The Commodore Wi-Fi Modem is built around two main components: The Arduino-compatible MicroView with built-in OLED screen, and the Roving Networks RN-XV or “Wifly” wireless module.
These give you significant flexibility to use it as a straight-forward wireless solution for your Commodore, with optional expandability for standalone use or as a platform for interfacing to the outside world.
The Commodore 64, SX-64, 128, and VIC-20 are all supported. Supports: 802.11 b/g Wi-Fi, DHCP, UDP, DNS, ARP, ICMP, TCP, Telnet, WEP, WPA-PSK (TKIP), and WPA2-PSK (AES), and Hayes emulation. Any terminal software can be used. It supports 2400 baud and 9600 baud using the UP9600 hack (available in Novaterm and Striketerm).
Click here for a brief overview of the Modem from World of Commodore 2015
Documentation
Quick Start Guide (PDF)
User's Guide (PDF) (Work in Progress)
User and Support Forum
There is a Forum for users to ask questions, make suggestions, and to get support. New versions of the firmware are announced here, and there are links to the source for developers.
Click here to go to the Forum.
Video Review
Check out the following video review of the prototype by Alterus (aka Kevin Casteels) that covers the major features!
Advertisements
Getty Images
Primarily a 3-4 team for the better part of the last decade, the Dolphins are undergoing a fairly dramatic defensive shift under first-year coordinator Kevin Coyle. Coyle brought from Cincinnati to Miami a 4-3 alignment, with an emphasis on pressuring opposing quarterbacks.
“Obviously, applying pressure to the quarterback and disrupting the rhythm of the passing game is a huge part of defense in the NFL these days,” coach Joe Philbin explained, per Ben Volin of the Palm Beach Post. “The scheme should be flexible enough that it takes advantage of what our guys can do.”
And the Dolphins believe the defensive front-seven members in place will adequately fill the newly assigned roles. Outside linebacker Cameron Wake is now a Dwight Freeney-style right defensive end. Jared Odrick, a “five technique” end in Miami's old 3-4, is now a 4-3 left end who will likely kick to defensive tackle in sub-packages. Randy Starks and Tony McDaniel, formerly defensive ends, are now full-time defensive tackles.
Third-round rookie Olivier Vernon is a wildcard. They have explosive edge-rushing potential, and Volin says he'll likely replace Odrick at end in nickel packages.
Volin expects Wake (pictured) to be the biggest beneficiary of the new pressure-based scheme as he's “going back home” to their natural position. Odrick is on board with that:
“He bends better than anybody in the league, in terms of getting around the edge and to the quarterback.”
And that'll be the goal of the Dolphins' new defense.
Libby Schaaf has declared victory in their campaign for Oakland mayor, although the results from the Alameda County Registrar of Voters is still not official, and some ballots are yet to be counted. “The results are sort of overwhelmingly in our favor and we're really excited about that,” said Schaaf's campaign manager, Tom Gonzales, speaking by phone Wednesday morning. “We all felt that we had the best candidate. We are just so excited that we were right.”
Shortly after Schaaf sent out a series of celebratory tweets and called a news conference for midday Wednesday, Mayor Jean Quan conceded, with a congratulatory note to Schaaf that appeared on Quan's Facebook page. “I have been proud to be Oakland's first woman and Asian-American mayor,” Quan wrote, “and I thank Oaklanders for the opportunity to bring the City through these tough times.”
According to Michelle Kim of the registrar's office, the voting algorithm for the mayoral election was run 15 times between late Tuesday night and early Wednesday morning. Schaaf led the first-choice voting, with 29.11 percent of votes counted — a clear lead over incumbent Jean Quan, who gathered 15.81 percent of first-choice votes, but not enough for Schaaf to declare victory. Them percentage of the vote stayed between 29 and 30 up until the 11th round of voting, when it began to climb as they picked up votes from residents who had supported other candidates with their first or second choice votes. In the final iteration, Schaaf won 62.79 percent of the vote, and Rebecca Kaplan came in second with 37.21 percent of the vote in the 15th round. Quan dropped off in the 14th round.
Schaaf's victory has not yet been ratified by the Registrar of Voters. The result, which was posted at 12:44 am, is unofficial, Kim said this morning. Absentee ballots and ballots by mail are still being processed, and Registrar of Voters Tim Dupuis estimates that there are as many as 100,000 left to be processed in Alameda County. Schaaf's campaign plans to hold a press conference at 12:30 today; Oakland North will cover it.
Governor Jerry Brown, the former Oakland mayor who endorsed Schaaf earlier last month, has also declared a victory, with a 17-point lead over their Republican opponent Neel Kashkari. The two ballot measures that Brown heavily campaigned for – Propositions 1 and 2 – also passed. Proposition 1, which passed with 66.8 percent of the vote, authorizes funds to be spent on state water supply infrastructure, including drought relief and preventing the contamination of drinking water. Proposition 2, also known as the State Budget Stabilization Account, passed with 68.7 percent of the vote. It creates a “rainy day fund” that the legislature and governor will use to pay off debt and protect vital services against potential cuts in times of deficit.
The final results of the races for Oakland City Council have also yet to be announced. Abel Gullien currently leads District 2, the closest of the races, by just one percent of the first choice votes in the fifth round of ranked choice balloting. Annie Campbell Washington leads District 4 by about 30 percent of the first choice votes in the first round. Incumbent Desley Brooks leads District 6 by 17 percent in the fourth round.
Measure N, a $120 per year parcel tax which will expand college and career readiness programs in Oakland high schools, passed with 75 percent of voters marking “yes.” The measure required a two-thirds majority vote to pass. The measure faced no organized opposition. “I've been so inspired by the students we've been working with and the teachers,” said Marc Tafolla, policy director for Great Oakland (GO) Public Schools, who helped write the measure. “It's a great opportunity for Oakland right now.”
Voters also approved Measure Z, a public safety and crime prevention measure, levying a parcel tax and parking tax to fund police staffing and community violence prevention and intervention programs. Under California law, Measure Z required a two-thirds supermajority to pass because it is a parcel tax; it reached this supermajority, winning 77.05 percent of the vote.
“A broad coalition has worked tirelessly for the last two months on this. With this victory, we are thrilled that Oaklanders have recognized the great need for public safety,” said Casey Farmer, campaign manager for Yes on Z. “The programs are being successful and reducing crime, and [Oakland] needs for that to continue.”
Alameda County voters also passed a transportation sales tax measure that that will raise sales tax by a half of a percent over the next 30 years. Measure BB will raise $3.7 billion to be spent on public transit and para-transit, and $2.34 billion for street repair. Measure BB also needed a two-thirds majority to become law, which it reached with 69.56 percent of the vote.
“We were just pedal to the metal all day,” said Dave Campbell, a volunteer for Measure BB who attended the campaign's victory party at Bike East Bay Tuesday night, and said they'd spent a “suspenseful” final day raising support for the measure. “We were on the phones, with 30 to 40 volunteers making calls.”
Oakland's minimum wage increase proposal, Measure FF, passed with 81 percent of the vote. Low-wage workers must receive $12.25 an hour starting on March 1, 2015. “I am absolutely elated and excited for the workers of Oakland that will benefit from this,” said Gary Jimenez, President of the Lift Up Oakland campaign responsible for creating and promoting the measure. “To see an overwhelming vote just shows that we were in touch with the needs of the community,” they said.
San Francisco voters also approved a minimum wage increase. Workers there will receive $15 an hour by 2018. Jimenez believes other Bay Area cities will follow Oakland and San Francisco's examples and raise their wage floors in the near future. “This is a regional effect,” they said. “I think we'll see how popular this is and see other cities moving to do the same thing.”
California voters also approved Proposition 47, which would turn some criminal penalties into misdemeanors, which supporters argued would ease the overburdened justice system and help low-level offenders. Lizzie Buchen, an analyst at the Center on Juvenile and Criminal Justice, said that their organization found that Proposition 47 could result in “significant” savings—between $400 million and $700 million—for California counties by freeing up beds in jail. “It's hard to predict how counties are going to respond” to the victory, Buchen said. “I think it's going to be variable across the state. But there is the potential to see significant reductions [to county spending on jails], although it would take several years before that happened.”
But the majority of California voters rejected the measure related to Indian casinos, as well as both measures related to healthcare – Propositions 45 and 46. Proposition 45, which would have allowed the state health commissioner to approve or deny increases in health insurance, lost by a 20 percent margin. Proposition 46, which would have raised the Malpractice Lawsuits Cap and required drug and alcohol testing for doctors, lost by a 27 percent margin.
Based on the Secretary of State's October 20 registration report, preliminary numbers from voters at yesterday's polls and ballots turned in by mail before Monday afternoon, voter turnout in Oakland was 25 percent. But Dupuis expected final turnout to be closer to 45 percent after the remaining votes are counted – which is still considered low after the last presidential election saw a turnout of 75 percent. The registrar's office has 28 days to officially announce the result of the election.
Oakland North will continue to cover local election results. Stay tuned to OaklandNorth.net for more coverage.
Additional reporting by James Pace-Cornsilk, Alex Kekauoha and Alyssa Jeong Perry.
CORRECTION: This story was updated at 1.04pm to reflect the fact that CJCJ's analysis of Proposition 47 looked at savings to the jail system, which is run by counties, rather than the prison system, which is run by the state.
Earlier this week I spent a day in an operating theatre watching heart surgery. It was one of the most extraordinary experiences of my life: six hours standing by as exceptionally brave and skilful people did things which would have been thought impossible fifty years ago.
Several medics warned me that I might faint: “Lots of people do the first time.” Having spent hours watching operations online I felt reasonably confident that I wouldn't, and thankfully I was right: collapsing into the anaesthetic machine or a table of instruments wouldn't have gone down terribly well. But nothing can prepare you for the visceral reality of cardiac surgery: the exposed heart pulsating in front of you, the dramatic spurt of arterial blood as a cannula is inserted into the aorta. And what one sees is only part of the story; the sounds are just as memorable. The dull grinding of the bone saw cutting through the sternum at the start of the operation, the constant alarms from monitoring equipment, and the slurping of the suction tube removing blood from the operative field turn this into a rich sensory experience.
And then there are the smells. Within a short time the nose becomes accustomed to the clean hospital-aseptic tang, and you start to notice new odours. The iodine used to sterilize the skin; the subtler notes of the fluids and flesh of a human body. But overwhelming all of these was a smell quite unexpected to me: the smoky stench of burning flesh.
The source of this smell was an instrument the surgeons used for all but the most delicate stages of the operation: an electric scalpel they call (not entirely accurately) the diathermy knife*. For many procedures, this instrument is used far more than the conventional scalpel – another feature of surgery which was a surprise to me. A high-voltage, high-frequency electric current is passed through its blade so that it cuts easily through tissue, cauterizing as it goes. Its great advantage is that it instantly seals any small blood vessels it severs, preventing haemorrhage. It's a hypnotic sight, with a blue arc of high-voltage electricity playing around its tip and a plume of smoke rising from any tissue it touches, giving off an aroma of barbecued meat which stayed in my nostrils for hours afterwards.
This looks like the stuff of science fiction. So it came as a surprise to discover that the technology is almost a century old. It was invented in 1925 by William T. Bovie, a plant physiologist who had become interested in the application of electricity to surgery. In 1927 Popular Mechanic magazine published a short but dramatic article about this exciting new invention:
Bloodless surgery, performed with the so-called ‘radio knife,' can restore some insane persons to sanity, as well as make possible operations that have never heretofore been possible without fatal results, the latest experiments with this remarkable new tool have disclosed. One of the diseases that has always baffled science, tumors of the brain, has been conquered in more than a score of successful operations by a Boston surgeon.
The Boston surgeon was Harvey Cushing, a great early brain surgeon who has been described as the father of neurosurgery.
Under former methods of operating with a keen-edged knife, brain tumors could not be removed because the patient would die of loss of blood. With the electric knife, which is not a knife at all but only a small, needle-pointed electrode, there is no bleeding. Advanced cases of this brain disease cause insanity, and in several of the operations which have been performed at Boston the patients were insane before they went under the electric knife, and came out sane again.
Indeed, Cushing's results using the new instrument were dramatically good: after a few months of experience with it, they called back many of their patients whose brain tumours had previously been thought inoperable. Although their mortality rates for 1927 were higher than previous years, this reflected the fact that they were now operating on much more seriously ill patients, many of whom were cured.
The radio knife got its name because it employs the same sort of high-frequency current that is used in wireless. Ordinary house-lighting current is ‘stepped up' to an enormously high voltage and frequency, but only a minute amount is used. Under such conditions, it is possible to pass the current through the body without feeling it, though the voltage is high enough to jump a gap many inches long. The patient is placed on one electrode and the surgeon uses the other to operate with. An ordinary darning needle, or tool of similar size and shape, is suitable. When the needle approaches the flesh a small arc is formed, and then the current begins cutting its way through the body, coagulating the blood and sealing off the adjacent blood cells as it progresses. By varying the current intensity, it is possible to seal only one thin layer of cells, or seal them to a depth of a quarter inch or more, just as desired.
Even in operations in which large blood vessels must be parted the electric knife provides a seal. The surgeon catches the ends of the severed vessel with small forceps, passes the point of the electric needle over them, and they are sealed as easily as a paper tube could be closed with mucilage. [A type of vegetable glue] Because of its ease of manipulation, and the performance by the knife of work the surgeon formerly had to do by hand, the electric knife has shortened the time of operations materially.
*Diathermy is the term given to remote heating, for instance using microwaves. It's not clear how surgeons adopted this misnomer: the correct term is ‘electrosurgical scalpel', although many US surgeons call it the ‘Bovie' in tribute to its inventor. However, the Bovie Medical Corporation point out that the word is a registered trademark, so discourage the use of the word unless applied to their own instruments.
Bill Gates Is Likely To Become World's First Trillionaire And We Are Not Even Surprised
Bill Gates Is Likely To Become World's First Trillionaire And We Are Not Even Surprised
Did you know that if Bill Gates dropped a thousand dollars, they won't even bother to pick it up because during the 4 seconds they pick it, they would've already earned it back.
The Microsoft founder Bill Gates will be world's first trillionaire in the next 25 years, according to a new research.
(Also read: India Ranks 60th Among 79 Developing Economies In The World Economic Forum's Inclusive Development Index)
The world will get its first trillionaire in the next 25 years, says @oxfamgb
And their name will be Bill Gates.https://t.co/anvGencL6I — Joe Mathieu (@JoeMathieuWBZ) January 24, 2017
According to a research done by Oxfam International, the world would get its first trillionaire in the next 25 years, when Bill Gates becomes around 86 years old.
A report by Oxfam International said that considering that Bill Gates' fortune is growing at 11 percent per year since 2009, they could become the world's first trillionaire soon.
When Gates left Microsoft in 2006, their net worth was USD 50 billion, according to Oxfam. By 2016, their wealth had increased to USD 75 billion, “despite their commendable attempts to give it away through their Foundation,” the report said.
Don't Miss 1.8 K SHARES 226 SHARES 94.2 K SHARES 48.1 K SHARES 64.9 K SHARES
Bill Gates could become the world's first trillionaire https://t.co/Yi0bRE5dub — CNBC (@CNBC) January 23, 2017
In addition to the charitable work Gates does through their personal foundation, they are one of the founding members of The Giving Pledge, a commitment from some of the richest individuals in the world to give away more than half of their worth.
For the hypothetical analysis, Oxfam researchers applied the rate of growth they have been enjoying, 11 percent per year since 2009, to Gates' current levels of wealth (over USD 84 billion, according to Forbes).
“In such an environment, if you are already rich, you have to try hard not to keep getting a lot richer,” Oxfam noted.
(Also read: Eight Rich Indians Hold Almost 58% Of Our Entire National Wealth!)
Another report by Oxfam had found that eight billionaires, including Bill Gates, from around the globe have as much money as the 3.6 billion people who make up the poorest half of the world's population.
Bill Gates close to being a trillionaire i can barely manage to be a thousandaire 😂😂 — Shai (@kraedr_) December 9, 2016
(Also read: According To World Giving Index, India Ranks On Top When It Comes To Helping A Stranger)
As per the report, the eight billionaires, according to the Forbes billionaires list published in March 2016, include Warren Buffett, Microsoft founder Bill Gates, Inditex founder Amancio Ortega, Carlos Slim, Amazon chief executive Jeff Bezos, Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg, former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg, and Oracle's Larry Ellison.
The man is so rich that they have to spend US$6.78 Million per day to finish all their money before they go to heaven.
Share
Nine giants of the Internet — Google, eBAy, AOL, Facebook, Yahoo, Zynga, LinkedIn, Mozilla and Twitter — placed a full-page ad in The New York Times as part of their efforts to fight back against the “Stop Online Piracy Act” (SOPA) and the “PROTECT IP Act.”
Update: A Google spokesperson has just informed us that, in addition to The New York Times, this ad ran in the Wall Street Journal, Washington Post, and the Washington Times.
These pieces of legislation, which have strong bipartisan support in Congress, as well as backing from the Motion Picture Association of America, a variety of Hollywood union organizations, and even Master Card and Pfizer, would require technology companies and Internet service providers to block access to any website that the entertainment industry believes “engages in, enables or facilitates” copyright infringement. In essence, these bills, if they become law, would allow for broad Internet censorship. And companies like those listed above would be required by law to do the censoring.
While those who wish for greater ways to fight copyright infringement say the legislation is good and necessary, opponents — who stretch far and wide — say the legislation will stifle innovation online by changing the entire nature of the Internet as we know it, and further warn that this could be the beginning of the “Great Firewall of America.”
See the ad below:
[via BoingBoing – Image via Arcady/Shuttertock ]
This article was updated with new information at 10:45am ET.
A potential fight between surging featherweight contender Dennis Bermudez and one-time No. 1 contender Ricardo Lamas is being discussed for UFC 180 in November, as the UFC makes its maiden voyage to Mexico.
UFC Tonight reported that the the match-up is being considered, provided that both fighters are ready to go by Nov. 15, when the pay-per-view event is set to take place at Arena Ciudad de México in Mexico City. Lamas broke their thumb in the first round of their fight with Hacran Dias at UFC Fight Night TK in June, but they told UFC Tonight's Ariel Helwani that they should be cleared to resume training in September. That would put them on track to be ready for UFC 180.
The Chicago-based fight Lamas, who is half Mexican, told UFC Tonight that they love the idea of that fight, but that they have yet to be approached about it. In fact, they called out Bermudez earlier this year. And Bermudez has said in the media that they would be open for that fight, as well.
Bermudez, who was a finalist on The Ultimate Fighter 14, hasn't lost a fight since the end of 2011. That was in the TUF finale against Diego Brandao. Since then they have won seven bouts in a row, finishing their last two against Jimi Hettes (TKO) and Clay Guida (submission, rear-naked choke).
Lamas fought for the featherweight belt against Jose Aldo at UFC 169 in February, but came up short in their bid, losing a unanimous decision.
Another name that has been talked about to return at UFC 180 is a Mexican fighter, Erik Perez. "Goyito," who trains at Jackson-Winkeljohn's in Albuqueque, told UFC Tonight that they are working hard to get on that card.
UFC 180 will be headlined by UFC heavyweight champion Cain Velasquez and Fabricio Werdum.
Well Juh-nelle…it looks like your boooooyfriend is going back to the big house!
Radar Online broke the news on Tuesday that David Eason, the boyfriend (and future baby daddy) of Teen Mom 2-star Jenelle Evans, has reportedly been sentenced to 60 days in the slammer for violating a restraining order against them earlier this year.
As The Ashley previously reported, David– who is the father of the child that Jenelle is currently pregnant with– was arrested in March for violating a domestic violence protective order that was filed against them by one of their baby mamas. (Other than Jenelle, David has two other baby mamas.) This baby-mama filed the protective order against David back in October 2015 after David allegedly became physically violent with them while they were pregnant with their child.
David is not allowed to see the child– a little boy named Kaden–or the boy's mother, due to the protective order. In March, though, David was arrested after they saw Kaden in the grocery store with relatives. Although the relatives reportedly told David not to approach them or Kaden, the warrant stated that David did anyway, hugging and “grabbing” the child.
David was arrested shortly afterward, and delivered a Class A mugshot.
According to Radar, David pleaded not guilty to the crime during their hearing on September 13, but a judge found them guilty and sentenced David to 60 days in jail. The site states that David is planning to appeal the decision to the county's Superior Court.
It is not known when David is scheduled to report to jail to start their sentence, but The Ashley has confirmed that they are not currently behind bars in New Hanover County, where the sentence was handed down.
The Ashley will update this story when more info becomes available.
UPDATE: Jenelle has been tweeting a response to the stories about David being sentenced to jail time. In a series of tweets, they claim that David was the victim of a bad judge who hated him, and confirmed that David is appealing the decision.
“This is old news… lol they appealed the decisions in regular court and waiting on a court date. They do not have to do 60 days,” Jenelle tweeted. “The no contact order expires Oct. 22nd then they will be filing for visitation for their son that their ex is refusing to let David see. The judge found them guilty saying “an unwanted hug is a form of child abuse”, same judge that granted the no contact order and that wrote up their custody papers when they had no way to even fight against their ex, the judge even knew this. They hate David.”
Jenelle continued to claim that the judge was rude to David and Dustin Sullivan, Jenelle's trusty attorney who they apparently loaned out to David for this case.
“[The judge] wouldn't even listen to a word Dustin had to say while they were speaking and they rolled their eyes at Dustin. How respectful,” Jenelle wrote.
(Photo: Twitter)
Stillness Of The Shelter focuses on a male protagonist as they come to terms with a death in their family. As they deal with the process of saying goodbye to someone important in their life, they return to a time that they were happiest and protected against the trials of the world. These past memories draw comparisons to events they are currently dealing with in the present, and symbolise a new stage in the protagonist's life. This topic is a relatable one as we will often drift into memories that remind us of a fonder time during our moments of hardship; During bereavement is when we recognise how precious these memories are to hold onto and reflect upon.
This project is being undertaken by film students at Falmouth University and is a combination of talents from the course as well as other arts subjects from around the university. This is an ambitious summer project organised by passionate filmmakers and creatives who want the ability to make something interesting outside of academic guidelines and show the skills they have learnt through their time at the University.
We have carefully constructed a budget for the film to make sure we maximise the quality of the production as well as keeping it as low a budget as possible. Below is the table we will be following closely in hoping that we can create a really intriguing film with very little money. The more money gained, the more we have to invest into the film so while the minimum budget may be set, we would really appreciate as much as that can be spared to maximise our production value for the film.
We have also written an alternative table detailing the selection of film festivals we hope to submit to after the production is finished. This is accounting for the best British short film festivals we think we have a shot at entering. However, we will also be sending the film to as many free film festivals as possible to gain exposure. With more funding, we will be able to send the films more internationally which is how any extra funding will be utilised.
The crew behind Stillness Of The Shelter are a collection of creative and talented filmmakers at Falmouth University who wish to create a film that showcases the skills we have learnt and to show that we are able to produce great pieces of work from outside the course. Everyone in the crew has a unique set of skills and ideas that they will be bringing to the production.
Director/ Writer- Luca Parasiliti
Luca is an aspiring filmmaker currently at Falmouth University in Cornwall. Since becoming a student, they have been working on various worthwhile positions to try and learn more about what makes a great film and filmmaker. Before starting at Falmouth, they worked as a production assistant on short films (Each Shining Hour) and several music videos. Since arriving at Falmouth, they have worked a variety of roles such as gaffer for a third year dissertation films (Echelon Down), production assistant (Can We Talk) as well as working on independent films outside of the university .
Producer- Lauren Carter
Lauren has produced several short films and is currently taking a degree at Falmouth university in film. Born on the out skirts of London and moved to the west country in their mid-teens they have been working in and out of the entertainment business for the last 8 years including: backstage as assistant technician, Dresser and lighting assistant along with arranging gigs and have roadied for several local bands. Holds a BTec in Preforming Arts and an NA in Musical Theatre.
D.O.P and Colourist- Jonny Dane
Jonny Dane has worked on various projects, both in technical and creative roles. They specialise in the fields of cinematography and post-production whilst also providing technical guidance throughout production. Since working as the colourist on 'Outlaws', they have made connections with 'Queen Hornets' Production Studio and has recruited their talent into this film. This will be Jonny's 5th film that they have been involved with as part of System Error studio.
Assistant Director- Claire Stevens
Claire Stevens originates from Wiltshire and studied Film Studies and Music Technology at The Wellington Academy. They have created several short films for Wiltshire based organisations and is the UK 2010 NFTE Global Young Entrepreneur Winner. Them documentary on the Midland & South Western Junction Railway, featuring Tony Robinson, has aided the railway's restoration campaign after its local DVD distribution. Two of their first short films have been shortlisted in Channel 4's 2009 ESSA Manifesto for Change and Runner-Up in the 2011 Rock Challenge Film Competition.
Production Manager/Sound Desinger- James Chatwin
James has previously worked in a wide variety roles on separate film sets. Recently they are found their main interest lying in sound design which they realised through their experiences with editing. It is this stage they are especially interested in as it links towards an area of specialism that they would like to follow.  They are also taking on the role of production manager on ‘Stillness of The Shelter' as they believe it gives them an opportunity to work alongside several peers who all work in a professional and impressive manor. The project will provide the crew the opportunity to put their skills into practice in an environment, we as young filmmakers, have created independently.
Camera Operator- Faith Glenister
Faith has worked on a variety of projects including music videos and short films covering narrative and skate boarders. They specialise in cinematography and camera operation. Them most recent film, "Outlaws", was well received and was featured as one of the best of their academic year at Pixelate Film Festival. They hope with this film to expand their technical knowledge as well as apply what they have learnt from their experiences to our film.
Editor- Michael Tibbins
Mike is a very proficient editor and has worked on various projects in different roles from directing to sound recording. This has challenged them and helped them learn more about their role as a editor in which they want to specialise in. For this film they will be taking up the editing and is very excited to use their skills and perfect their style in the film.
Amy Thompson- Child Casting Director/Location Director
Amy Thompson is a filmmaker based in both Birmingham and Falmouth. They have worked on many films in various credited production roles and has learnt a lot through these work experiences. In 2014, as part of Queen Hornet Productions, they directed the 10 minute short (Outlaws) which was well received at Pixelate Film Festival. Having experience particularly in casting and location, they are looking forward to applying this passion into Stillness Of The Shelter.
The film is not just a combination of filmmakers however. The project will also be dealing with works from others areas of the creative communities including Illustration students from Falmouth University that want to showcase their work in new interesting ways. So far there are a handful of amazing artists creating illustrations of memories and the effect they have on characters as part of concept art which will be distributed with the film. We hope to amass a collection of art to be released with the film as to increase exposure of Falmouth's artistic communities and the collaborations they have to offer to the world.
We are also drawing help from the music departments to create an interesting soundtrack that will add to the atmosphere of the project. While this piece is a very visual piece, we also hope to use the combinations of sound to create a nostalgic feel that the audience will experience. We want the audience to understand what the character is going through and remind them of their own memories to drift off into long after the film has ended.
Through usual social media sites like Facebook and Twitter, you'll be able to follow the production step by step as it begins to unfold. If you donate the smallest amount of money, you will get a big thank you on these sites in between the updates for the film. These sites will be updated to show the film
You can find out more about Stillness Of The Shelter through these links;
Last week, Microsoft and Sony officially launched pre-orders for its Xbox One and PlayStation 4 consoles during E3 2013. At that time, Amazon claimed that the online retailer sold out most of its Xbox One Day one inventory in its first four hours of availability.
Today, Amazon sent Neowin a press release via email with some more information on its next-gen consoles sales. Most of the info is pretty vague but it's clear that Amazon's Video Games division had a big week last week thanks to Xbox One and PS4 pre-orders. According to Amazon it had the biggest pre-order week ever for its Video Games store, adding, "Day-one pre-orders for the two consoles was nearly two times that of all video games sales on Black Friday last year (2012)."
Amazon went on to add that for the week of E3 2013, the number of orders on Amazon's Video Games website increased by over 4,000 percent compared to E3 2012. Nintendo announced more details about its Wii U console last year at E3 but did not actually launch pre-orders for the console at that time.
The only real concrete info Amazon offered in its press release this week was this statement, "In fact, at the peak of demand last week, Amazon customers were pre-ordering more than 2,500 Xbox One and PlayStation 4 consoles per minute." That's a lot of consoles being bought, no matter how you look at it.
Amazon did not discuss just how much revenue it generated last week for its Video Games section. We have emailed them to find out if they have an info on just which console received the most pre-orders, but have yet to hear from them.
Source: Email press release | Image via Microsoft
Robert Coalson contributed to this report
CHISINAU -- With the upheaval in Ukraine showing no signs of abating, neighboring Moldova has become the star of the European Union's Eastern Partnership program.Chisinau initialed an Association Agreement and a Deep and Comprehensive Free Trade Agreement with the bloc in November -- but not everyone is Moldova is on board with the country's aggressive European-integration policy.As the policy has accelerated, the Russian-supported breakaway region of Transdniester has rumbled increasingly loudly. Recently it adopted Russian legislation, a clear signal of the region's preference for joining a Russia-led customs union.And on February 2, the southern Moldovan autonomous region of Gagauzia is holding a controversial referendum, asking locals if they favor closer relations with the EU or the CIS Customs Union.In an interview with RFE/RL's Moldovan Service, Gagauzia Governor Mihail Formuzal did not hide their personal preferences. "I think that for the next 10 years it is in our interest to be in the customs union. I think that would enable us to modernize our economy, secure reliable markets for our goods," they said."And, at the same time, during these years we would carry out the genuine democratization of our society to correspond with the globally accepted standards and democratic norms of a law-based state. At present, unfortunately, we do not have this in our country."Gagauzia is a geographically discontinuous region with a population of about 155,000 people, mostly ethnically Turkish, Russian-speaking, Orthodox Christians. Many locals there fear that Chisinau's EU-integration agenda masks an intention to unite Moldova with neighboring Romania.Governor Formuzal said this was the main concern in their region. "There is a definite skepticism as we watch the processes going on in Europe today," they said. "The citizens of Gagauzia are very concerned that Euro-integration processes are being carried out in synch with, say, the entry into Europe through Romania. And this worries and frightens people."Moldova's central government has tried hard to stop the February 2 referendum, which it sees as a challenge to the country's territorial integrity. A court in the Gagauz capital of Comrat accepted Chisinau's argument that the autonomous region is only allowed to hold referendums on local issues. But Gagauz authorities are proceeding with the ballot despite the court ruling.The referendum will ask whether Gagauzia should be able to declare independence in the event that Moldova loses or surrenders its own independence and whether Moldova should pursue closer relations with the EU or with the CIS Customs Union.Officials from Chisinau have rushed to the region in recent days in a seemingly unsuccessful bid to stave off the divisive vote.Prime Minister Iurie Leanca was in Comrat on January 22 to argue that people don't have sufficient information to vote in such a referendum. "Of course, learning the opinions of the population -- and not just here, but across the country -- is a basic element," they said. "But let's first inform our citizens so that they can very consciously make a decision. And then, at the next parliamentary elections, everyone will have the opportunity to make their opinion known."EU Enlargement Commissioner Stefan Fuele was in Comrat on January 23 for the first time since the Eastern Partnership was launched in 2009 -- meeting with local university students and trying to allay concerns about the EU's intentions. Afterward, they posted on their Twitter account that they "underlined in Comrat" that the Association Agreement is "a nationwide project for Moldova" with a role for all regions, including Gagauzia.Officials in Gagauzia counter that informing the public is exactly what the central authorities and the European Union have failed to do. The documents that were initialed at the Eastern Partnership summit in November 2013 were not even published in Romanian and Russian until January 14 and January 21, respectively.Gagauz legislator Ivan Burgudji slams the government for its alleged secrecy. "Let them explain. Let them come and explain and not make decisions behind closed doors," they say. "And it isn't just Gagauzia, but the entire population of Moldova hasn't been acquainted with what is going to be signed, and what is good and what is bad in it."He adds that officials in Comrat reached out to Chisinau in the past and were rebuffed. "They should have come a long time ago. The local parliament invited the president to come, but they didn't," they say. "In any event, if these visits had come earlier, maybe the situation would be different now."Ion Tabarta, of the Institute of Policy Analysis and Advice in Chisinau, agrees that the ruling pro-European coalition has failed to engage with the Gagauz, both about the European-integration process and about issues of concern to the region."We haven't been able to integrate the Gagauz minority into Moldovan society," Tabarta says. "They had their issues -- they were unhappy with the representation they got in the national leadership, government, and parliament. Chisinau just neglected these problems. So dialogue now comes a bit late, but I think it can move forward."Chisinau-based political analyst Igor Botan is less sanguine. "It's more of a political conflict, since Gagauzia does not have the power of secession that Transdniester did," they note. "But they can keep alive this political conflict: while the European Union is pondering whether to sign an Association Agreement with Moldova, they set up obstacles and send the message that they do not agree. And they have the support of the voters and of the Russian Federation."Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin hinted darkly earlier this month that "the train called Moldova that is chugging toward Europe might lose a couple of its cars." Clearly they had in mind both Transdniester and Gagauzia.Ironically, representatives of the Gagauz minority in Ukraine have endorsed that country's EU-integration ambitions and have called on the government and the opposition to reach a peaceful settlement.
If you were a maturing technology company, where would you look to recruit top-tier engineering talent? College campuses? Craigslist? LinkedIn?
Try the hacker world. George Hotz, 21, isn't only the young man responsible for famously unlocking the iPhone in 2007, but he's also been maligned as Sony's public enemy #1 when they blogged instructions for how to install third party software on the PlayStation 3 after some crafty reverse engineering back in early 2010.
(MORE: Brazen Hacker Group Lulzsec Says It's Disbanding)
The resulting lawsuit against Hotz is, in fact, what made hacker group Anonymous go after Sony in the first place, which eventually ended up costing them $24 billion in damages though the two parties reportedly settled out of court.
But prior to their legal dilemmas, Hotz's prodigious talent hardly went under the radar. In fact, previous projects have garnered them their fair share of worldwide recognition; in 2008, PC World named them one of their “Top 10 Overachievers Under 21” for being the first person to crack Apple's iPhone.
Now, he's landed a job as a software engineer at Facebook where he's apparently been working since May to help the company develop its long-anticipated iPad app.
A previous Forbes report stated that Hotz once wanted to be a neuroscientist to “hack” the brain, and he's also been courted by other considerably powerful tech companies, even working briefly at Google.
Facebook's move could indicate a shifting paradigm in the way technology companies view would-be hackers, and begs the question: Is talent still talent even if it's misguided?
Now that Lulzsec's apparently disbanding, perhaps companies can take a look into harnessing all that riotous energy to develop things like, I don't know, better security for their customers?
Just a thought, and maybe a silly one. I doubt we'll see “1337 hacker” scrawled proudly on résumés just yet.
(via Make Online)
MORE: Facebook Finally Readies Its Own iPad App
About
Future Belt started as just an idea of a very fed up person. The designer and co-founder of Future Belt, Slader Matthew (Project Organizer), drew up this design nearly ten years ago. However, their fabrication abilities at the time were a bit limited, so the drawing drifted into a pile of papers that were not rediscovered until a few short months ago.
At first they smiled, delighted by their ignorance as a child, thinking that such things were possible. Then, they began pondering the idea further and further, wondering if there really was a way to make this a reality. They drew up nearly 20 different designs, but ultimately chose just one.
Now, you probably are wondering a couple things... such as:
What exactly is the Future Belt?
Future Belt uses simple mechanical devices that have been used in numerous industries since as early as the 1940s. The reliance on simple mechanics proves to be advantageous as it allows for Future Belt to run free of an electrical power supply. Yes, you read that right! Wearable tech that doesn't require electricity!
How Developed is Future Belt?
Today Future belt has gone through three stages of prototyping:
Materials
Functionality
Structure
Prototype 3 Mechanism Dimension
Just one final stage remains (the projects current status)
Aesthetics
As you can clearly see, Prototype 3 is just over two inches tall. Our goal is to redesign it to be under 1.5 inches to keep down on the bulkiness. This should not be too difficult as we have decided to cut down on the draw length and the size of the coil spring. Which will cut down nearly half an inch on its own. This is the final stage of pre-production, and should be completed before this project becomes fully funded.
Are There Different Sizes?
Although it was not the original intent to include more than two sizes, in order to make the buckle small enough, we decided it would be best to create three different sizes of Future Belt.
Sizing goes as follows
Small Waist size 24-36
Medium Waist 34-46
Large Waist 44-56
Does It Work?
Top View of Prototype 3's Mechanism
Absolutely! In fact, our second prototype was able to draw in nearly two and a half feet of material! (Although, this made it pretty bulky, so future models will only pull in around 12-14 inches)
How does it work?
Normally companies would be all sorts of uptight hiding just how their product works so that they can stay ahead of the game. However, the technology in Future Belt is used in so many applications, that hiding it really isn't a necessity.
Future Belt relies on a flat steel coil spring to retract the fabric from visible sight. Thus giving the illusion of a perfectly sized belt. (Much like the jacket that Mr Marty McFly wears in Back to the Future's depiction of 2015)
Cool. This is an Interesting Idea... but It's Not Really My Style...
Buckle Design Proposals
We understand everyone has a different taste palette. This is great! As soon as we begin fabrication of the Future Belts, we will start production of numerous designs of interchangeable buckles. So far, we have decided to include such designs as: The Industrial Look, Brushed Aluminum, Carbon Fiber Print, and The California Republic. (Please note, this project is entirely separate and is not part of this Kickstarter Campaign. This is an extension that shows the direction our company will head if our goal is met. (Work on this will continue alongside normal production)
I Wasn't Interested in a Belt, But a Shirt Sounds Cool..
Shirt Design
You are helping us just as much as all of our other backers. Every dollar really does make a difference. So thank you!
Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved
PLAINVILLE, Mass. (WPRI) -- Prosecutors say a Massachusetts teen "wantonly and recklessly" assisted their friend in taking their own life last July - and new court documents are shedding light on how they allegedly encouraged them to commit suicide.
Michelle Carter, now 18, is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the death of 18-year-old Conrad Roy III. They died of carbon monoxide poisoning last July and was found in their truck behind a Fairhaven K-Mart, police said.
Newly-released text messages - obtained by Eyewitness News - prove that Carter caused Conrad's death, according to prosecutors.
Prosecutors say Carter, who was 17 at the time of Conrad's death, first counseled them to overcome their doubts - telling them they would be happier once they were dead and that their parents would not suffer.
The documents detail the text message conversation between Carter and Conrad, in which they say: "I love you to the moon and back and deeper that the ocean and higher than the pines, too, babe forever and always. It's painless and quick," referring to carbon monoxide poisoning.
They then writes: "You said your mom saw a suicide thing on your computer and they didn't say anything. I think they know it's on your mind and she's prepared for it. Everyone will be sad for a while but they will get over it and move on."
Conrad responds: "Aww. Thank you, Michelle."
Prosecutors allege that Carter devised a plan to run a combustion engine within their truck to poison them with carbon monoxide. Officials say they went as far as to pressure Conrad into committing suicide - questioning why they hadn't done it already.
Carter: "You can't think about it. You just have to do it. You said you were gonna do it. Like I don't get why you aren't."Conrad: "I don't get it either. I don't know."Carter: "So I guess you aren't gonna do it then. All that for nothing. I'm just confused. Like you were so ready and determined."Conrad: "I am gonna eventually. I really don't know what I'm waiting for but I have everything lined up."Carter: "No, you're not, Conrad. Last night was it. You kept pushing it off and you say you'll do it, but you never do. It's always gonna be that way if you don't take action. You're just making it harder on yourself by pushing it off. You just have to do it."
Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved Parent Guide: Suicide Prevention »
Copyright by WPRI - All rights reserved Parent Guide: Suicide Prevention »
Conrad took their own life on July 13, according to police. Prosecutors say they called Carter and got out of their truck because the gas was working and they were scared.
Prosecutors say Carter told them to get back in.
Carter's lawyer argues that encouraging someone to commit suicide is not illegal under Massachusetts law.
UPDATE: Carter's attorney filed a motion to dismiss the manslaughter charge against them on Monday, which is now being considered by a judge.
An ambulance sits parked next to an overturned bus in Mahahual, Quintana Roo state, Mexico, Tuesday, Dec. 19, 2017. The bus carrying cruise ship passengers to the Mayan ruins at Chacchoben in eastern Mexico flipped over on a highway early Tuesday. (Novedades de Quintana Roo via AP)
CANCUN, Mexico (AP) — A bus carrying cruise ship passengers on an excursion to Mayan ruins in southeastern Mexico flipped over on a narrow highway Tuesday, killing 11 travelers and their guide and injuring about 20 others, officials said.
Seven Americans and two Swedes were among the injured, said Vicente Martin, spokesperson for the Quintana Roo state Civil Defense agency. Authorities had not yet established the nationalities of the dead.
The bus ended up on its side in vegetation along the two-lane road. Video taken after the crash showed some survivors lying on the pavement and others walking around. One body lay on the roadside covered by a white sheet or other object, as the crash scene was cordoned off with yellow police tape.
Miami-based Royal Caribbean Cruises said in a statement that passengers from two of its ships, the Celebrity Equinox and Serenade of the Seas, were on the bus. The company expressed its sympathies and said it was assisting with medical care and transportation.
The U.S. Embassy in Mexico City said it was aware of reports that several American citizens had been injured and U.S. officials were working with local authorities to assess the citizenship and identity of individuals involved in the accident. It said the U.S. Consulate in Merida was ready to provide assistance.
Martin said investigators were working to determine the cause of the crash, which occurred as the bus was on its way to the ruins at Chacchoben, about 110 miles (175 kilometers) south of Tulum.
The Quintana Roo state prosecutor's office reported that the fatalities were 11 tourists, including one child, and a Mexican tour guide.
It said in a statement Tuesday night that seven injured tourists had returned to their boat while 13 remained hospitalized, six of them in Tulum and seven in the city of Chetumal, near the Belize border.
The dead were being transferred to the forensics service for identification and subsequent notification of consular authorities.
Chris Brawley, a passenger on the Serenade of Seas, was on a bus headed to the same Mayan ruins when they came on the scene minutes after the accident.
It was shortly after 9 a.m. and a convoy of buses from the cruise port at Mahahual was headed to Chacchoben, they said. They had been on the road for about 35 to 40 minutes before the accident.
Brawly said the sky was clear and the road was dry and they didn't see any sign of another vehicle being involved in the crash, which happened on a narrow, two-lane road with no shoulder or guardrail.
They said they did not see the crash, but “the bus clearly lost control somehow as there were swerve marks all over the road surface.”
Brawley, of Haslet, Texas, said their ship departed Fort Lauderdale, Florida, on Friday for a seven-day cruise. They were in Roatan, Honduras, on Monday and were scheduled to be in Cozumel on Wednesday.
Michael Schuenemeyer, a minister from Cleveland, was on another bus that passed the crash about an hour later.
Tow trucks were lifting up the bus when they passed by, they said. “It was in pretty sad shape,” Schuenemeyer said.
Costa Maya Mahahual, the bus company involved, said in a statement that in addition to the tourists, a guide and driver were aboard the bus.
___
Associated Press writer Gabriel Alcocer reported this story in Cancun and AP writer Christopher Sherman reported from Mexico City. AP writers Peter Orsi in Mexico City and Jennifer Kay in Miami contributed to this report.
___
This story has been corrected to show the passenger's last name is Schuenemeyer.
[caption id="attachment_1051" align="aligncenter" width="600"] AdThief malware affecting over 75,00 IOS Devices[/caption] Axelle Aprille a security researcher submitted an E-paper over Virus bulletin. The paper says that a malware which was found 5 months ago has affected over 75,000 devices till date. AdThief malware has already swapped over 22 million ads.
How AdThief Malware works?
Creators of AdThief malware have used the same functionality that Cydia Substrate uses. Cydia Substrate is a kind of framework that has empowered almost every jailbreak. Cydia Substrate can easily be used up to modify apps and system software that are currently working on the IOS device. AdThief malware has already covered more than 15 different ad networks from countries like China, US and India.
Who created AdThief Malware?
A Chinese hacker popular by the name of Rover12421 and Zerofile on network forums has created this malware. According to the sources hacker has made a statement that they have only developed it. But there is no role of them in the distribution of it. The major thing to note about AdThief is that it is not possible to detect whether your device is affected by it or not. Those who have modified version of IOS through jailbreak are to be affected the most. Therefore it recommended to all to install only trusted apps.
Also See:
[caption id="attachment_985" align="alignleft" width="150"] Blackberry Z10 found vulnerable to authentication bypass vulnerability[/caption] [caption id="attachment_1034" align="alignleft" width="150"] Exploiting YouTube as network injectors[/caption]
On Wednesday, Tesla Motors CEO Elon Musk reported solid earnings and the serial executive also discussed the company's future, including a massive battery "gigafactory" and the upcoming third-generation Model X on a conference call. But perhaps the biggest news to come from Musk's mouth came in another call with Bloomberg Television right after the earnings report, in which Musk claimed that Tesla would lead the way in nascent autonomous car technology, and also admitted to meeting with Apple about... something.
"We had conversations with Apple. I can't comment on whether those revolved around any kind of acquisition," Musk told Bloomberg's Betty Liu.
When Liu pressed Musk on what advice they might give to Apple about getting into the car business, they responded "I'd probably tell them that I think it's a great idea."
Carmakers and Apple have been engaging in an ongoing tango of sorts for years now, with automotive OEMs generally struggling to keep up with the accelerated pace of innovation and iteration in the world of mobile devices, where development cycles may be only one quarter the length of the typical cycle for a new vehicle. However, Apple announced last year that it was hard at work on bringing its iOS mobile operating system into vehicles. At CES 2014 in Las Vegas this month, an Android-based initiative involving a number of automakers was also announced, so it would seem the time for the long-awaiting merging of the dashboard and mobile OS is near.
It's long been thought that Tesla could be a logical first-mover for this true auto-mobile convergence, given its reliance on data for the efficient operation of its battery-powered vehicles. But if such a thing is in the works, neither company is likely to show their cards until such an effort is perfected, and given the reputations of both Musk and Apple for perfectionism, if the two were to team up, I might venture that nothing would ever be completed to the satisfaction of both.
To this point, Musk told Liu that Tesla had considered using Google's Android in its cars early on, but at the time "it was too early in the life of Android."
Musk made another interesting declaration in the Bloomberg interview that crosses over into Google territory, saying that they expect Tesla to be "the first company to market with significant autonomous driving function in the vehicles."
Musk clarified that Tesla wasn't necessarily working on a self-driving car like those Google has received so much press for over the years, but that they prefer the term "autopilot" like the function commonly used in aircraft. They explained that they see a role for an autopilot function in vehicles that would allow the car to go into autonomous mode for a period of a time, but still require a driver to be able to take over control.
Musk said that such technology was not more than a few years away, with possible mass adoption within a 10-year timeframe.
To jack in to my brain and get more on the latest in science, tech and innovation, follow me here on Forbes, as well as on Twitter @ericcmack and on Google+.
The changes that have been taking place in Cincinnati over the past decade have been felt and noticed by many. There is a palpable buzz surrounding the Queen City these days.
The city's central riverfront has almost entirely been transformed following billions of dollars worth of public and private investment, Over-the-Rhine's renaissance continues to be touted nation-wide as one to be admired, and thousands of more residential units are being developed in the center city as we speak.
For those who live outside the city and may not have been back recently, or for those out-of-towners who have not yet been able to make a visit, it could be difficult to even recognize some places now.
Thanks to a new feature from Google Street View, we can now go back in time and compare Google's most current Street View images with those they have taken since 2007 when they started the service.
Here's a look at some of Cincinnati's more visually impressive transformations, but it is certainly not all encompassing. Simply drag the arrow bar back-and-forth to compare the old and new images.
Clifton Heights at W. McMillan Avenue and Ohio Avenue:
Evanston at Dana Avenue and St. Francis Way (formerly Woodburn Avenue):
Over-the-Rhine looking south on Vine Street near Fifteenth Street:
Over-the-Rhine looking north on Vine Street near Fourteenth Street:
The Banks at Freedom Way and Walnut Street:
Smale Riverfront Park along Mehring Way at Main Street:
Avondale on Burnet Avenue near Northern Avenue:
Columbia Tusculum at Delta Avenue and Columbia Parkway:
College Hill on Hamilton Avenue near Elkton Place:
If you are having difficultly viewing both the before and after images, try to just drag the arrow bar back-and-forth instead of clicking on the images in an attempt to reveal the after.
And for what it's worth, we totally stole the idea for this post from The Washington Post. What other areas did we miss? Let us know in the comment section.
MARTINEZ — When they were gunned down in February 2012, Bay Area rapper Rene Garcia was targeted because of an “ongoing feud” with rappers affiliated with a West Contra Costa street gang, according to county prosecutors.
Garcia, who rapped under the moniker “Lil' G the Great,” had reportedly angered members of a Richmond gang affiliated with the Sureños when they declared themselves the “Prince of Richmond.” Three Bay Area residents have been charged with the killing, including a man who authorities say killed two people before their 18th birthday. A fourth, deceased suspect has also been identified.
According to prosecutors, a gang leader who considered themselves one of Richmond's best rappers “took offense to (Garcia) claiming the same status,” according to a prosecution's statement of the case. Garcia responded with “offensive” lyrics directed at the man, and further angered the gang by associating with rival members.
“Association with outside gang members by Garcia would create a greater potential motivation for a Sureño not to be pleased with the raps Garcia was putting out,” Deputy district attorney Chad Mahalich wrote in a prosecution memo.
Two alleged gang members — Jonathan Barrera, 30, and Gabriel Schroeder, 22, have been charged with murdering Garcia, along with Marcos Figueroa, 30, a friend of Garcia's who allegedly set them up the day of the killing. They are inching towards a trial date — where inner workings of the gang are expected to be revealed — and a pretrial hearing has been scheduled for July 14.
Barrera and Schroeder were implicated in the killing by a former gang member who was one of 12 gang members indicted in 2008 in connection with a murder spree in San Pablo. In 2013, after they were charged with assaulting a man who'd testified against them in the murder case, one of the defendants agreed to become a government informant.
On the night Garcia was killed, they and their girlfriend drove to North Richmond to meet with Figueroa, who was seen on surveillance tape entering Garcia's car along with Barrera, police said. When they entered the car, Barrera allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded Garcia's money.
Barrera then dragged Garcia out of the car, and two other alleged gang members approached: Schroeder, and a man identified as Jose Rodriguez, who was killed at age 19 in a 2013 Vallejo drive-by shooting. They robbed Garcia and their girlfriend, according to authorities.
Then Garcia took off running through Shields-Reid Park, yelling at their girlfriend to do the same. Schroeder, Barrera, and Rodriguez allegedly chased them down and fired at least 20 shots in their direction. They were hit multiple times and then “executed,” according to prosecutors.
Barrera's attorney, though, has argued that there are other more logical suspects, including a man who was ID'd by an eyewitness. They argued the main prosecution witness wasn't trustworthy because they said numerous times that Barrera wasn't involved, before later changing their story.
“Were every person named by an informant as having been involved in Garcia's murder present at the preliminary hearing, the judge may have needed to procure a larger courtroom,” defense lawyer David Cohen, representing Barrera, wrote, later adding, “Mr. Barrera should not be required to stand trial on the basis of such meager evidence as one unreliable man's word.”
Will new senators push Democrats to the left?
When Massachusetts Democrat Elizabeth Warren and the rest of the 2013 class of liberal senators start work this month, they'll have to do more than figure out the byzantine ways of getting things done in Washington. They'll also have to decide how seriously to engage a progressive movement that sees their assent a historic opportunity to shift the Democratic Party to the left. "The cavalry is arriving," said Adam Green, cofounder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee. "A lot of news coverage after the election focused on Democrats winning two seats, but the big story for us is the composition of the Democratic caucus has moved in a massively progressive direction." Warren on winning Kennedy's former seat Warren, the consumer advocate who articulates a full-throated populism rarely heard in Washington in recent years, is the most prominent of the new progressive members. But they are far from alone: There's Wisconsin's Tammy Baldwin, who hails from the liberal bastion of Madison; Connecticut's Chris Murphy, a loyal Democrat who replaces the moderate Joe Lieberman; and Hawaii's Mazie Hirono, who during their tenure in the House has been a leading member of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. They are the sort of Democrats who don't mind discussing a strong role for government in American life. The four incoming senators join progressives Sherrod Brown of Ohio and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island - both of whom were reelected in November - and other liberal stalwarts in the Senate, among them Bernie Sanders of Vermont, Jeff Merkley of Oregon and Al Franken of Minnesota. Meanwhile, moderates Democrats Ben Nelson of Nebraska, Kent Conrad of North Dakota and Lieberman of Connecticut (an independent who caucuses with Democrats) - all of whom have repeatedly angered progressives - have retired. The new crop of left-leaning senators and their progressive allies reflect something of a break with the modern Democratic Party. In the 1990s, then-president Bill Clinton and the Democratic Leadership Council successfully moved the party away from the economic populism and leftist positions it had embraced since the late 1960s. It was a vision reflected by Mr. Clinton's decision in 1996 to sign legislation to end "welfare as we know it," and their declaration that the "era of big government is over." Liberals derided the "triangulation" reflected by Mr. Clinton's policies as reflecting an abdication of what the Democratic Party stands for. Despite claims by some on the right that President Obama has a "socialist agenda" - in the words of Mr. Clinton's onetime aide, Dick Morris, who has been credited as the father of triangulation - progressives have lamented that Mr. Obama has largely not sought to return their party to the unapologetic populism of the pre-Clinton era. While they stood by Mr. Obama in the 2012 election cycle, they rallied enthusiastically around Warren, who did not shy away from deeming the economic and political system "rigged" against the middle class. The rhetoric of Warren and the other new Senate progressives has prompted comparisons to progressive heroes like Paul Wellstone and Hubert Humphrey - along with George McGovern, whose trouncing in the 1972 presidential election helped give rise to the Democratic Leadership Council. Green says the influx of progressive voices in the Senate will "embolden everybody to advance more progressive priorities." And they argue that polling proves that progressive positions, such as protecting entitlement programs, are embraced by most Americans and thus deserving of unapologetic Democratic support. "There's no reason that any Democrat in the caucus should ever get behind cuts to any of these benefits if they care about what's political popular," they said. Others are more skeptical.
"I don't expect [the Senate] to change much if at all," said Jim Manley, a former top communications aide to Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and "liberal lion" Sen. Edward M. Kennedy. "I appreciate the idea that there's an influx of progressives, and I think that's good news, but the fact is until you get 60 votes to cut off a filibuster, you're going to need to compromise to get anything done, and Senator Reid is going to continue to look out for the caucus as a whole. For every Elizabeth Warren, there's a Mark Pryor who's up for reelection in 2014." Pryor hails from the largely red state of Arkansas, and is seen as among the most vulnerable Democrats facing reelection two years from now. Other Democrats in a similar position include Sens. Mark Begich of Alaska, Mary Landrieu of Louisiana, Max Baucus of Montana, Tim Johnson of South Dakota and Kay Hagan of North Carolina. If all six lose their seats and Democrats don't pick up any seats to offset the losses, the Democratic Party will go from a 55-vote majority in the Senate to a minority. It's also worth noting that some of the incoming senators who will caucus with Democrats - including Joe Donnelly of Indiana, Tim Kaine of Virginia and Angus King of Maine - will likely seek to push the party in a more moderate direction. Manley argued that even if Reid wants to embrace a more progressive position, he's not going to risk losing the Senate to do so - especially since Republicans control the House and can block any progressive legislation. Their recommendation to Warren and their progressive colleagues is to "do what Hillary Clinton did and what Sen. Barack Obama did, which is to keep your head down, attend your hearings, study your briefing books and pick and choose your spots and try to take on an important issue." "I don't mean that they shouldn't take on issues and try and push them forward, but they've got to realize that in this hyper-partisan political atmosphere the chance for enacting such legislation is pretty slim," they added. Congressional scholar Thomas Mann of the Brookings Institution agreed with Manley's take on the impact of the progressive newcomers, saying they are "skeptical of any significant change." "The reason being our politics these days are very much shaped from the top down, rather than the bottom up," they said. "And nothing these people are bringing differ in any significant way from Sherrod Brown, from Sheldon Whitehouse and others." Green, of the Progressive Campaign Change Committee, dismisses concerns about protecting vulnerable senators up for reelection as "old school, out of touch thinking," pointing to polls that show progressive positions popular in red states. Green acknowledged a cultural divide in some of these states, but said economic populism makes sense even for Democrats like Pryor. "Poor rural voters in Arkansas are not rooting for Wall Street to get away with murder, or to close on their houses," they said.
North Melbourne has made nine changes to the side that was defeated by the Bulldogs last week.
The Roos will take the chance to freshen up several stars, while giving those pushing for spots a chance to prove themselves against the Tigers ahead of the finals.
Brad McKenzie, Aaron Mullett, Aaron Black, Majak Daw, Mason Wood, Kayne Turner, Trent Dumont, Luke McDonald and Joel Tippett have been named in the North line-up.
Missing this week will be Shaun Higgins (knee), Andrew Swallow (knee), Nick Dal Santo (managed), Michael Firrito (knee), Scott Thompson (ankle), Ben Cunnington (knee), Sam Wright (knee), Todd Goldstein (managed) and Jarrad Waite (managed).
"Almost all of them have just been getting to the line each week and having to win seven of our last eight games and then on the back of consecutive six-day breaks means that they're sore," North coach Brad Scott told NMFC.com.au.
"Resting them is the most prudent thing to do."
McKenzie returns for their first game of 2015 after several impressive outings in the VFL, while Black will line up for the 50th time in North colours.
Mullett, Dumont and Tippett have also been given another chance to impress after North Ballarat's season coming to a close.
Majak Daw is set to shoulder the ruck duties, with Mason Wood and Kayne Turner to spend time in attack.
Luke McDonald returns to the side after missing last week due to soreness.
North team v Richmond
Backs J.Tippett 36 R.Tarrant 25 S.Atley 18
Half Backs L.McDonald 21 L.Hansen 6 J.Macmillan 34
Centreline S.Gibson 43 J.Ziebell 7 T.Dumont 14
Half Forwards M.Wood 32 D.Petrie 20 T.Garner 27
Forwards B.Harvey 29 M.Daw 38 R.Nahas 28
Followers B.Brown 50 R.Bastinac 3 B.Jacobs 5
Interchange B.McKenzie 2 A.Black 35 K.Turner 40 A.Mullett 41
Emergencies D.Currie 1 K.Harper 23 S.McMahon 42
In: J.Tippett, M.Daw, A.Mullett, A.Black, B.McKenzie, M.Wood, T.Dumont, L.McDonald, K.Turner
Out: N.Dal Santo (Managed), J.Waite (Managed), M.Firrito (Knee), A.Swallow (Knee), S.Higgins (Knee), T.Goldstein (Managed), S.Wright (Knee), B.Cunnington (Knee), S.Thompson (Ankle)
27 Attractive Girls Who Became Ugly Freaks Because Of Feminism
Previously I have shown how beliefs can affect appearance, particularly with Lindy West Disease, which transforms a female who subscribes to social justice into a sick manifestation of Lindy West. I've also shown the effect of merely becoming fat from lack of self-control. The below pictures indicate that we've only scratched the surface at how damaging leftist ideas are to a woman's beauty. Do not go further if you want to remain in a good mood.
1.
Look at the dead eyes of a feminist gaming journalist. It's as if she's saying, “All the empowerment I've had done not give me meaning in life.”
2.
They have transformed into a girl who looks like they have cancer or some other systemic disease.
3.
Even animals groom themselves better than they have.
4.
From a cute girl-next-door who looks like they would be a fine mother to some type of animalistic exhibitionist with smelly hair.
5.
It must be noted that head shaving is a reliable indicator of the feminist sickness.
6.
This one is particularly heartbreaking. They went from elegant and lovely to generic ho.
7.
The forehead tattoo is a sign of advanced sickness, since there is no coming back from that. Also note the armpit hair, which Sigmund Freud, if they were alive, would argue is a form of penis envy.
8.
This girl was already in the danger zone with their mustache piercing, but still rather presentable. They have since grown armpit hair and has mastered the androgynous look so popular with diseased women nowadays.
9.
Short hair may be a warning sign that a full shaving is forthcoming.
10.
Here is a shocking change from a presentation of innocence to one suggesting an AIDS infection.
11.
This pretty Youtuber found some feminist writings, chopped off their head, and became, well, a slut.
12.
I understand that neo-Nazi skinheads accept women, but they do not require you to shave your head and buy leather to join.
13.
Ringling Brothers circus has gone out of business, so their chance of clown employment is exceedingly low.
14.
The septum ring may be another warning sign of future degradation into vulgarity.
15.
It doesn't take much for a young girl to be pretty: simply be thin and have long hair. All that can be quickly destroyed with weight gain, tattoos, and a shaved head.
Loading...
16.
It's hard to believe that this leftist media commentator used to have a feminine essence.
17.
We have to wonder if a woman shaving their head is actually a sign that they want to withdraw from human society. Even most men don't shave their heads unless they are going bald (or are black).
18.
Celebrities who were once beautiful are not immune to the sickness.
19.
This is the most frightening of the collection. What's disturbing is that in my Eastern European city, black lipstick is becoming more popular among “normal” girls.
20.
Ear gauges are an indication that a girl no longer cares about being seen as beautiful.
21.
Look how proudly a girl with the leftist sickness displays their obesity and cellulite.
22.
An upsetting transformation. They could have been a model or actor, but now they are a woman who perverted men would pay money to watch them “feed.”
23.
This classic Brazilian beauty once looked similar to previous Brazilian girls I've dated, but now looks like she's in a mental ward.
24.
Here we have a double whammy of shaved head and extra weight. No good man would marry them
25.
This leftist victim has adopted a sort of concentration camp “Derelicte” style.
26.
While not strikingly beautiful, the first picture shows a girl who would be seen as attractive to many men. The last picture shows someone with a sickly pallor.
27.
From looking directly at the camera to looking away with an angry snarl, we can easily perceive how they have inner disgust for ruining them appearance.
I don't know about you, but I feel depressed right now to see female beauty being wasted for no benefit to the victim. I hope these pictures clearly show you the damage that leftism is doing to women and society. May we one day eradicate this evil scourge.
Images were sourced from 8chan /pol/, Age Of Shitlords, and Antes Depois Da Federal.
Don't Miss: 35 Pretty Girls Who Became Fat And Ugly
Checking in on the Week 8 temperatures in Auburn, Ala., …
HOT
Duke Williams. Despite a fumble on the Tigers' second offensive play that would lead to a Mississippi State touchdown, Williams has been unbelievable for Auburn this season. He's caught 31 passes for nearly 500 yards and five touchdowns. Williams again was the leading receiver for Auburn in the loss in Starkville, catching six balls for 108 yards and two scores. They have size, they have speed and arguably the best hands in the country. Williams is said to be able to catch any pass within 10 feet of him, and time-and-time again they show how to properly catch passes with your hands away from your chest. With Sammie Coates hampered by an early-season injury, how lucky has Nick Marshall been to have had Williams?
WARM
The defense. Despite surrendering 469 yards of total offense to a very good Bulldog offense, Ellis Johnson's defense played well. It was put in a terrible hole early down 21-0, and for Auburn not only to hold serve, but to force four takeaways and allow its offense to get the Tigers back into the game is a heck of an effort. Auburn struggled to get off the field on third downs, an area that had been its strength.
COLD
The Tigers' chances in the SEC West. With the balance at the top of the division, the loss hurt Auburn. Gus Malzahn's team isn't out of the race for SEC West and College Football Playoff, but it cannot afford any more slip-ups. The Tigers can't worry about its ranking or its standing in the eyes of the selection committee, it just has to go out and try to win games against four more top 25 opponents during the final six weeks of the season.
FROZEN
Nick Marshall's completion percentage. Yes, coaches have said that's not the most important metric when evaluating Marshall, but one can't help but notice the 54.8 percent completion rate on their stat line. Inconsistency has plagued Marshall this season, especially mechanically. Protection up front has been an issue at times, but at this point in the season, Marshall is actually more accurate throwing the ball downfield. It's the short-to-intermediate range — six to 12 yards — in which they really struggles.
Five Nights at Cartoon Universe INTRO:There once was a man who was disgusted over an argument between three cartoon channels, Nickelodeon, Disney Channel, and Cartoon Network. No longer putting up with it, they decided to open an amusement park where all cartoons from all three channels can live together, and get along. During the night, a night guard must work & make sure nothing goes wrong. Perfect plot (hope to see Ninjago animatronics) Uncle Grandpa animatronics? I'm in. - LaST_LiGHT Wow V 4 Comments
Forgotten at Fredbear's This sounds like a good idea. - Pegasister12 This takes place at Fredbear's Family Diner. Go ahead & give me some ideas. This is my god dang game for me to create thanks for the idea boi Oh, yes! I already have a plot..
You're a mechanic at the popular (at the time) Fredbear's Pizza, and you're about to leave. You try opening the door, and you realize you can't budge it. You begin to panic, doing everything in your power to get out. When you calm down, you decide you just need to stay for the night and survive, so you do. The next day, the doors are still closed. It has been raining hard all night, and the water is pretty high, although definitely not high enough to keep the resturaunt down... you continue trying to avoid the killer anamatronics. You keep going through the same routine- eat something, avoid, sleep. Eat, avoid, sleep. Before you know it, you've been there for five days. The flood was long gone, and the doors are still locked. You finally look at a poster saying something about how the business is going to be shut down, and as for this building, it's up for sale. As you're reading it, Fredbear walks up to you. THE END! NO CONCLUSION! V 6 Comments
Forever at Freddy's It looks cool! Being stuck forever! IT SOUNDS COOL I WILL MAKE THE GAME RIGHT NOW AND PUT IT ON YouTube wow do it dude
Five Nights at Sesame Street Please make five nights at sesame street! I'm really into a sesame street horror game! And an idea of making your childhood ruin! :D Please make this game! OK, someone shows this to a fan game developer! I saw the trailer on youtube and it was rasit! ha ha
Five Nights at Justin Biebers The scariest game ever made! - sdgeek2003 Best thing ever! Terrible idea Yush, ruin Justin Bieber FOREVER! >:3 V 6 Comments
Five Nights at BronyCon 2015 No Way! We Already Have Five Nights At Pinkie's! Don't Make Fun Of Bronies! Hahah this one made my day Aka hell - QuarterGuysApprentice
Five Nights At The PlayStation The main antagonists would be PlayStation characters. I will play as long as Minecraft is here
Five Nights at Eddy's Five Nights at Eddy Raja's? Wait, do you mean the ed edd n eddy
Five Nights at School Third night phone call: Hey, I forgot to tell you.. The animatronics might NOT be malfunctioning, because they were designed to find the nearest human being. And since they're not made to protect, they're also designed to find the nearest adult. They'll look everywhere for you, but they're still malfunctionish. They are very dangerous, the morning guard while everyone was on prep said that they saw one singing mumbled, and it stared at the camera. I dunno, but good luck. Then they would all learn how to scare - venomouskillingmachine This could be a good idea Oh yeah that would be scary at my school because there's Elmo's and plushies there V 7 Comments
10 Five Nights At The Zoo
The Contenders
Five Nights at the Little Einsteins' 11 INTRO:One day, there were four children called the Little Einsteins. They played in their playhouse where Rocket usually is. Then, a man came to them & asked if they can buy their playhouse. The Little Einsteins were worried about this, and thought that this could make them lose their playhouse & Rocket would have to find somewhere else to rest. The man then gave them something for their troubles & accepted that they decided to not have a deal with him. For some reason, the Little Einsteins fell into a coma, and nobody knows what happened, except for the man who met with them earlier. Feeling sad for the Little Einsteins, they decided to turn their playhouse into a place for children to look around & have fun. The Little Einsteins were replaced with animatronics that looked like them, and their bodies were kept somewhere, except for the hospital, nobody would ever find. The man thought it was a stupid idea. Now, there is a night watch person who must keep an eye on the Little Einsteins' ...more I think this is how the dude got their idea. Did you know that the little Einsteins actually used five nights at Freddy's theme song. This is possibly the worst idea I've ever heard of. Second commenter is right - sound4mercury V 1 Comment
Five Nights of Big Nate 12 I thank it's a good idea Night 1 Call (Only part of it. ):Hello... Hello. Uh, I'm here to talk to you about the stuff that will happen during your first week at PS 38 Middle School.
For those not knowing who Big Nate is, it's made by Lincoln Pierce. Best book ever thoe
Play as an animatronic 13 My idea exactly I'll make the game I've had an idea of that for a long time.
Five Nights at Blue's Clues 14 Blue's Clues is my favorite T.V. Show. If you're wondering why this is on the list, I'll tell you why. I had a dream about Blue's Clues. A bunch of characters from that show were in it. Blue the puppy, Sidetable Drawer, Mr. Salt, Mrs. Pepper, Paprika, and a bunch of others. So that's it. Five Nights At Blue's Clues was inspired by a dream I had.
15 Five Nights At The Cemetery
Five Night at Foxy 16 Animatronics
Foxy Mangle
Withered Foxy
Phantom Foxy
And Foxy fangirls/Boys Sounds good, especially the mangle bit - KemuriMangleLover YEA NO,JUST LIKE, NO V 1 Comment
Super Nights at Freddy's 17 This would be more of a Super Mario Bros. crossover with Five Nights At Freddy's. Replace Mario with a security guard, and replace Bowser & the other enemies with the animatronics.
Five Nights at Farting 18 Most likely a dumb idea by a ten year old. Made by a 2 yr old who sucks When did Sanjay and Craig make topten accounts? - TeamRocket747 WHAT THE FAQ V 4 Comments
Left to Decay at Fazbear Entertainment 19 This is brilliant. Whoever thought of this idea is a genius. A fnaf fan game with toy freddy, toy bonnie, toy Chica, mangle, puppet, bb, old freddy and a new robot named kay. Story in 2017 a muesuem opened for stuff from the 80, s in 2020 to reopen as a pizzariamuesuem the pizzaria is on the first floor. they made a new freddys pizza because almost all of the staff rembered it from there childhood. floor 2 is the muesuem it has things that are old from freddys pizza.
Seven Nights At The Farm 20 We could have the main antagonists be the farm animals, which turn into monsters at night. I can use it for my fã game?
21 Eternity at Freddy's
Five Nights At Cartoon Universe 3: The Underground 22 Night 1 Phone call: "So hey there. I'm Zachary Anderson, you can call me P.G. So, Uh... Welcome to The Cartoon Universe! Yeah... Uh... The old location got shut down a week ago, so yeah... you are here in this underground facility to do some helpful tasks and yeah. You need to look right and go into the hall and sweep it, go into the vent behind you and reset the ventilation and unclog the drains in the toilet. So come back here to check the cameras, play audios and don't watch movies all night. If you're done your tasks then just press control M to play a movie on the computer. So Goodnight! " Amazing.
Forgotten at Freddy's 23 This is a sequel to Forgotten At Fredbear's.
Five Nights At Old Navy 24 So someone replaced the old navy statues with animatronics and now you are a night guard at old navy and have to survive
Five Nights at Freddy's With Blackjack & Hookers 25 In fact, forget about the pizzeria and the blackjack! Ah, screw the whole thing.
Five Nights At McDonald's 26 This already happened cool
27 Animatronic Simulators
Fredbear's: Nightmare Unleashed 28 I will use it A Man named Joe Decided to work at the local Fredbear's family diner Since they got a newspaper that said
"Help needed. Someone needs to work at the local Fredbear and friends family diner. Since 1983."
They Thought it might be easy enough so they went but... things were wrong there was a secret animatronic in the back room that was black and it had red eyes everything was not normal none of them were moving
until... SKRREEE!
Five Nights in YouTube 29 One man sat and stared at their favorite YouTubers they spent everyday whatching them. One day when scratching a lottery ticket they one they knew what to do.Now Come visit your favorite YouTubers while working! Pays 12$ an hour. Animatronics:
Jacksepticeye
Ihascupquake
Ldshadowlady
Dantdm
Dan and Phil
Markplier
And pewdiepie
Five Nights at Markiplier's 30 Maybe get in to their channel lore? I don't know All the famous YouTubers
One Night At Flumpty's: The Return 31 Okay fasanating
Five Nights at Inside Out 32 Animatronics: Joy, Sadness, Anger, Disgust, and Fear
Nightguard: Riley or Bing Bong Joy as Freddy.
Disgust as Chica.
Fear as Bonnie.
Anger as Foxy.
Sadness as Golden Freddy.
Bing Bong as Marionette.
Riley as the guard.
'enough said.
Five Nights at Cuphead 33 Hell yeah two rage games combined Awesome
Five Night's at Olympus 34 If this is percy jackson then YES YES DO IT NAO Yes
Five Nights at Disneyland 35 That could be the sequel to five nights at treasure island YES WE MAKE MICKEY MOUSE A ANIMATRONIC Because I HATE MICKEY!
Fredbear's Fright 36 Is it basically fnaf 3 with phantom fredbear, nightmare, golden freddy, spring bonnie, and plushtrap
37 Five Nights At Fallout Shelter
Five Nightmares at Freddy's 38 I think that is what fnaf 4 is.. Use the nightmare animatronics from fnaf 4 and this would be a good idea - countnightdark13 So Basiclly you're Having A Nightmare
About Freddys And The Animontronics Looked...Almost Corrupted
Lol please make this game Or ill make it BOO SAME AS FNAF 4
Kill Balloon Boy 39 No! yes NO! LITERALLY NO! - HistorianaPhilippiniana Ye ah! d ie Balloon B*t ch! V 1 Comment
40 Five Nights at Fluffer's 2
Five Nights at Zootopia 41 The Zootopia characters are supposed to be the animatronics, idiot! Only if it means those "inspirational" (read: preachy) critters are killed quickly by the animatronics. The Zootopia characters are the ANIMATRONICS, not any of the nightguards Nick as Freddy
Judy as Chica
Clawhauser as Bonnie
Finnick as Foxy
Mr. Big as Golden Freddy
Flash as the Marionette
You choose your name, species, design, and gender for the guard
Chief Bogo as Phone Guy V 1 Comment
Five Nights in Shady Records 42 "Animatronics": Eminem, Royce the 5'9", Slaughterhouse, Yelawolf,
"Jumpscares": Eminem- Rap God (Eminem raps the fast part in Rap God and it kills you) The Real Slim Shady (Eminem comes in as Slim Shady and kills you with a chainsaw), Royce the 5'9"- Happy Hour (Royce comes in and stays for one in-game hour. During this time you can't work the lights or doors), Slaughterhouse- The Slaughter (The members of Slaughterhouse kill you with a meat cleaver), Yelawolf- Till it's gone (Yelawolf takes stuff from your desk and once it is all gone you die) - EGreen
43 FNAF RPG
Five Nights At My House 44 Five Nights At Freddy's 4: The Final Chapter already has you play in someone's house, but that doesn't mean that this is a bad idea. Think about it. The only locations you're in are the bedroom during nights, and the hallway during Fun With Plushtrap. That's two. For this game, let's have the player go from their bedroom, to the hallway, to the living room, to the kitchen, to the bathroom, to the attic, to the garage, to the basement. That would be totally awesome. IGN Would Probably Rate This 12/10 Yeah, I came up with this idea a long while back. Only reason it's so low now is because Scott made FNAF 4 in a house (Great idea, Scott. Love your work.) Cool! V 2 Comments
Five Nights at Kenny's 45 Is this South Park?!
Yaasss, this must now be a thing!
Kenny as the "Freddy" character.
Stan as the "Bonnie" character.
Cartman as the "Chica" character (because Chica's bib says "LET'S EAT! ")
Kyle as the "Foxy" character.
Butters as the "Golden Freddy" character.
Five Nights at Your Face 46 What about FIVE NIGHTS AT WHOEVER MADE THIS JUMP OFF A CLIFF Yes. how bout five nights at your mom.
Five Nights With Happy Tree Friends 47 I can guess the rest:
Petunia as Mangle
Cub as Balloon Boy
Mime as the Marionette
Flippy as Springtrap Oh... My... GOD.
YES, YES, PLEASE.
Cuddles as Freddy.
Toothy as Bonnie.
Giggles as Chica.
Russell as Foxy.
Flaky as Golden Freddy.
You choose your name, species, design and gender for the guard.
Lumpy as Phone Guy.
Five Nights At Bubsy's 48 Here's my impression of Bubsy in this game.
"Genesis does what Nintendon't. Now you're playing with power. superpower! So many times I heard people talk about those stupid consoles. I lived in the shadows of Mario & Sonic the Hedgehog. I was played as the good guy. The entertainment for all children. Well, I'm sick of those titles. Accolade was too stupid to know who I really am. Nobody bothered to asked because I was the most hated. I am a monster. I can't wait to kill all of you! Are you afraid? Well...WHAT COULD POSSIBLY GO WRONG? (Evil laughs)" Bubsy: I was never appreciated. I was always hated. I had to live in the shadows of the amazing Super Mario & Sonic the Hedgehog. I was always garbage. But now, I'm no longer playing as the hero. Even Accolade doesn't know my true identity. I have evolved into a furious bobcat. I feast on those who come near me. I can't wait to kill you. Don't believe me? Well then, tell me. WHAT COULD POSSIBLY GO WRONG? HA HA HA HA! >:D
49 Three Nights At The Beach
The Cavaliers finished off their sweep of the Pistons Sunday night, but almost as important as beating the Pistons 4-0 was how they did it. LeBron James, Kyrie Irving, and Kevin Love are all healthy, and for the first time in two years actually look like a cohesive unit. Irving is relieving James of a bit of the scoring burden, and Love's range is finally stretching defenses the way it was supposed to. The defense is still struggling, but overall, it's the best this iteration of the Cavs have ever looked.
Everybody assumed the Cavs would waltz through the Eastern Conference playoffs to the Finals, and that perception has only been reinforced. The second-seeded Raptors are locked in a fight for their lives with the Pacers, while the 3-6 and 4-5 match-ups, both between teams that had identical regular season records, are both knotted up. It's not that the rest of the conference is beating itself up—though that certainly helps—but that the first round of the playoffs has made clear that no team is talented enough to rise above the muck and stop the Cavs from advancing to the Finals.
In the Western Conference, everything is coming up Cavs, too. Stephen Curry will be out at least two weeks, and will be rusty if and when they do return. Even if the Warriors advance and Curry returns, their absence will force the rest of the Warriors core to play a lot more high-stress minutes. Chris Paul also broke their hand and is probably out for the playoffs, which may not matter because the Clippers might soon get bounced.
On the other side of the bracket, the Thunder and Spurs are both healthy, but now they get to bludgeon each other to death for (hopefully) seven games. Whoever wins will have a potentially easier road to the Finals because of Curry's injury, but overall, the top of the Western Conference is now closer in talent, and is more likely to engage in a war of attrition before the Finals even begin.
The Cavaliers would still be an underdog to a healthy Spurs team, and maybe a healthy OKC too, but the path is opening up for them. Last year we saw LeBron James and Matthew Dellavedova's coffee addiction will the Cavaliers to win two NBA Finals games they had no business winning. They don't need much help to win the whole thing, and so far they're getting it.
We live in a time when hate speech directed at marginalized people has become too commonplace in public and political rhetoric; a time when the demonization of Muslims, immigrants, transgender people and others masquerades as a defense of security or virtue; when nostalgia for "the good old days" sanctifies a past in which marginalized people were deprived of respect, voice, or power. The fear-mongering of politicians seeps down into everyday conversation, feeding commonplace prejudices.
Even so, it's still shocking to hear that sort of rhetoric presented on the stage at a comic convention by one of the industry's most high profile authors, especially at a panel discussing LGBTQ themes in Marvel's X-Men comics . Yet at last week's New York Comic Con , writer Peter David indulged in exactly that sort of hate speech, in this instance directed at one of the world's most easily and persistently scapegoated communities: the Rromani people.
Elana Levin at Comics Beat offered one of the most comprehensive first-hand accounts of the incident. In brief; human rights activist Vicente Rodriguez, founder of the recently formed Rromani representation advocacy group RomaPop, noted that negative ideas about Rromani culture have been presented through characters like Scarlet Witch , Quicksilver , and Doctor Doom , and asked what could be done to improve editorial policies regarding Rromani representation. (We've chosen to use the spelling "Rromani" in this article in deference to the community.)
David responded with a personal anecdote about seeing children in Bucharest, Romania, with broken legs, and being told that "gypsies" break their children's legs to make them more effective beggars. In response to Rodriguez's attempt to follow up, David shouted, "I don't care," and finished by saying, "I don't want to hear anything else you have to say." The exchange at the panel was caught on video by a representative of RomaPop.
David later wrote about their experiences in Bucharest in 1993 in more detail on their blog , and posted a picture they had taken of a child with a deformity of their legs.
David has since offered an apology for their outburst , acknowledging their own ignorance of the subject, and stating, "the more I've read, the more convinced I've become that what I saw [in Romania] was indeed examples, not of children crippled by parents, but children suffering from a genetic disorder."
ComicsAlliance spoke to radiology technologist Jim Gilmer, and they suggested that the photograph David took in Romania "looks to me, as someone with years in pediatric ER and trauma, exactly like what one would expect from a congenital deformity of the limb, and from the sort of lack of medical care that the Rromani in Europe suffer under."
In David's statement they acknowledged that their own comments helped further the stigmatization of Rromani people, though they also asserted that Rromani children "beg or steal to gather money for drug abusers," and said that "[t]he 'lucky' ones are dumped in orphanages" --- both claims that further reflect prejudice and poor understanding of the plight of the Rromani.
Nonetheless, this has clearly been an educational week for David, and perhaps for other people who share their prejudices. The notion that child mutilation is endemic to Rromani culture is a libel in line with the sort of lies previously spread about many other marginal groups, such as the claim that Jewish people practice the blood sacrifice of children, or the claim that gay men are sexual predators. Such libels almost always present the marginalized people as a threat to children.
The similarity of David's claims to those made against other groups was especially resonant to Gilmer, who is both Rromani and Jewish. "The thing that stuns me the most is that this is a Jewish man [Peter David, known to fans as PAD] who believed it, and I try to wrap my head around someone being told in 1993 of blood libel and believing it of the Jews, and I would think PAD would immediately scoff at the idea that anyone could ever believe that of an entire race, and yet... that's essentially what they did."
The Rromani have long been an especially vulnerable group for persecution, in part because they're a widespread ethnic minority group, and in part because they have no official native state to offer them protections. The fact of their vulnerability is as true today as it's ever been. Speaking to ComicsAlliance, Vicente Rodriguez noted, "Rromani reality in today's Europe is probably one of the top human rights emergencies. The far-right and fascist rising after the 2007 economic crisis has brought back the ghost of the Holocaust. Today our people suffer segregation, forced sterilization, mass evictions and violent hate crimes."
Gilmer experienced anti-Rromani hatred (antiziganism) first hand, growing up in and around Detroit. "I am 'white Roma'; by most American standards I'm white, [but] I was far from white enough for the sort of people who burned crosses and marched in full KKK and Nazi uniform through the streets of small towns in mid-Michigan. I took a few beatings as a kid and even got stabbed for not being white enough as a teenager. I'm extremely privileged, however, because anyone can tell you the horrific conditions which those Roma who can't pass or who are still connected to their cultures either in the Americas or back in Europe face."
Avengers Origins: The Scarlet Witch & Quicksilver #1, by Sean McKeever and Mirco Pierfederici
Rodriguez has been criticized in some quarters, including by David, for raising the issue of Rromani representation at an LGBTQ panel. Yet Rodriguez correctly observes, "There is no space for Rromani people to raise their voice in American pop culture, and this space certainly does not exist within Marvel or the Comic Con itself. We tried to create that space to start a conversation, sending lots of letters and applying for panels, but everything that had the word Rromani on it was rejected."
Speaking from personal experience, that sounds all too familiar. As someone who has been advocating for queer representation in superhero comics for 20 years, I recall the frustration I faced in finding spaces at conventions where my questions were welcomed. It took time, persistence, and visibility, to see those spaces emerge, and to have that conversation about queer visibility move into the mainstream. The same will be true of the conversation about Rromani representation, and people like Rodriguez deserve to be supported in their efforts.
Rodriguez is a long-time fan of Peter David's work --- they bought their first Peter David comic, Incredible Hulk #454, when they were nine years old --- and they used to save up what little money they had to read more of David's Hulk comics. Though they say he's forgiven David for their remarks, they haven't been impressed by the author's various statements, noting that the final statement "goes as far as to say that Rromani parents forced children to beg for drugs ... What to say to this? Responding is not worth my time."
Gilmer also came to David's work through Incredible Hulk , and while they say they accept David's apology and wants to offer them a second chance, they sympathize with those who cannot.
"I don't know that PAD realizes how damaging hearing that from a prolific and beloved creator is, and that it emboldens both the flat out racists who many of us deal with, and the fans of PAD who are going to be upset that people are angry at him. I've already seen some racially charged comments made against people who've expressed their anger, as well as some racists popping up online to agree with PAD or use their words to back up their own hate speech, and I don't think that is at all what they would ever intend or want, and yet... that's where we are."
The founders of RomaPop photographed outside the Marvel offices. Image courtesy of RomaPop.
Through the organization RomaPop, Rodriguez hopes to help improve the representation of Rromani people in popular culture. "There is plenty of work to do. We will keep producing educational materials, organizing seminars and conferences and demonstrations, giving lectures in US universities and all that." The group issued a statement through its Twitter account calling on Marvel and NYCC organizers ReedPop to make a public commitment to better Rromani representation. The statement read, in part:
We are still asking ReedPOP to commit to a public show of solidarity, a concrete plan to fix their anti-harassment mechanisms, and a panel at next year's Comic Con that will address Rromani representation. We are still asking Marvel to respond publicly to the openly racist hate speech of one of their most prolific writers, and to address our initial set of demands which encourage them to alter policy to ensure sufficient education and guidelines on Rromani people, as well as formal consultation with Rromani representatives and creators."
Marvel's sensitivity to issues of representation in recent years has been uneven at best, with Marvel editor-in-chief Axel Alonso going so far as to note at a Black Panther panel at the same convention that they are "the last thing from a social justice warrior." The company does not appear to have any set editorial policies in support of diversity, and a history of public missteps --- such as the straightwashing of Hercules, or the belittling of Jewish fans who expressed unhappiness with the Nazi Captain America storyline --- suggests that Marvel editors and contributors could benefit from sensitivity training. The panel where David made their remarks was not organized by Marvel, but it did include Marvel editor Daniel Ketchum, so it had the publisher's support.
"I honestly doubt Marvel will address [David's remarks]," says Gilmer, "but I would hope that when someone, even inelegantly, tries to speak for a traditionally under- or badly represented group that suffers real world repression that the people who work at Marvel take the time to listen."
Representation in popular culture, such as Marvel's comics and movies, remains a vital way to help people understand other cultures. Rodriguez told ComicsAlliance that the best way for people to confront their prejudices about the Rromani is to "[m]eet people, talk with them. ... We are all human beings and that's it. No better, no worse than anyone else."
The next best thing may be to expose people to unbiased and humane presentations of Rromani people in entertainment. Rodriguez has written in the past about the importance of making the Roma identity of characters like Doctor Doom and Nightwing visible in the text --- specifically in film, but the request is equally applicable to comics.
Secret Origins #9, by Tim Seeley, Tom King and Stephen Mooney.
Other existing character who could be used to advance Rromani representation in comics, particularly popular superhero comics, include Nightcrawler and Meggan of the X-Men, and Justice League of America member Cindy Reynolds. There must also be scope to establish new Rromani characters, preferably in consultation with the Rromani community.
(It's worth noting that Cindy Reynolds' established codename, "Gypsy," is considered a slur by many, and would presumably need to be changed. Also of note, Nightcrawler was raised in a Rromani community, but it has never been established whether or not they are ethnically Rromani.)
Peter David's remarks at New York Comic Con were a disgrace, but the efforts made by Rodriguez and RomaPop will hopefully start a conversation that leads to better representation of the Rromani people in comics and pop culture, and a more sophisticated understanding of their experiences and struggles.
"I don't hold out much hope for Marvel (The Company)," says Gilmer, "but I do hold out hope that the people who work there now, who will work there in the future, and who work across the industry, will hear about this and use it to learn, and when there's the potential for a Rromani character, or when a character who is Rromani and already exists is used, that there's some deeper thought given about how they represent both the character, their heritage, and that character's relationship to their heritage.
"Because comics have taught me a lot. I've learned countless things about history and language and people from comic books, and I continue to, and I would hope that it's the right things that get taught and represented."
To learn more about RomaPop and its aims, visit the Facebook page or follow RomaPop on Twitter . RomaPop recommends visiting the Roma Genocide Remembrance Initiative to get a better understanding of the challenges facing the Rromani people, or watching this two-minute animation by the Open Society Foundations .
Court documents indicate Nanakuli hit-and-run was racially motivated Copyright by KHON - All rights reserved Paresse Lai [ + - ] Video
We're learning more about what led to a hit-and-run crash at a Nanakuli gas station over the weekend.
Three people were hurt after police say a woman drove their car into them, and according to court documents, it may have been racially motivated.
The incident occurred at around 3 p.m. on Sunday, March 12, at Hele gas station on Farrington Highway.
Court documents say one of the victims was standing next to a gas pump when, for no apparent reason, two women in a sedan started yelling at them
According to the victim and their boyfriend, the driver, identified as Paresse Lai, 21, used profanity, racial slurs, and shouted statements like "You don't belong on this island."
Court documents say Lai allegedly drove their car into the woman, causing them to roll on top of the hood, and also hit their boyfriend in the leg.
Police say while Lai was trying to get away, they allegedly hit a parked car and caused a third victim's leg to get pinned.
None of the victims suffered life-threatening injuries.
Lai allegedly drove off, but turned themselves in to the Waianae police station a few hours later.
On Thursday, March 16, Lai was indicted for terroristic threatening and accidents involving substantial bodily injury.
Them bail was confirmed at $25,000.
Enlarge Jinguan Group This is a "Death Car" mobile execution unit. China is now executing criminals in these units. VAN SPECS Cost: $37,500 to $75,000, depending on vehicle's size
Length: 20 to 26 feet
Top speed: 65 to 80 mph THREE SECTIONS Execution chamber: in the back, with blacked-out windows; seats beside the stretcher for a court doctor and guards; sterilizer for injection equipment; wash basin
Observation area: in the middle, with a glass window separating it from execution area; can accommodate six people; official-in-charge oversees the execution through monitors connected to the prisoner and gives instruction via walkie-talkie.
A 9-year-old boy answered a call from NASA to protect Earth from aliens - and got an encouraging response to their job application.
"My name is Jack Davis and I would like to apply for the planetary protection officer job," the fourth-grader wrote in a letter. "I may be nine but think I would be fit for the job. One of the reasons is my sister says I am an alien also I have seen almost all the space and alien movies I can see."
VIDEO: NASA TAKING APPLICATIONS FOR PLANETARY PROTECTION OFFICER
The job advertisement for a planetary protection officer explained that space missions sometimes introduce Earth organisms into other parts of the solar system.
In technical terms, the officer would assist with the "avoidance of organic-constituent and biological contamination in human and robotic space exploration."
MONSTER CHECK: LOCAL COLORADO POLICE OFFICER HELPS 4-YEAR-OLD INSPECT NEW HOME
In bolstering their case for the job, Jack explained in their letter, "I have also seen the show Marvel Agents of Shield and hope to see the movie Men in Black. I am great at video games. I am young, so I can learn to think like an Alien."
Although the position "may not be in real-life what the title conjures up," NASA said it promotes "the responsible exploration of our solar system by preventing microbial contamination."
Jack received a letter from Dr. James L. Green, the director of NASA's planetary science division, saying the officer position was "very important work."
"We are always looking for bright future scientists and engineers to help us, so I hope you will study hard and do well in school. We hope to see you here at NASA one of these days!" Green's letter says.
They also got a call from NASA's planetary research director, Jonathan Rall, to congratulate them on their interest.
So this week I didn't make it to the grocery store and needed to make space in my cabinets. A slew of canned goods were demanding my attention. I thought I'd take the opportunity to share three easy, quick recipes that are healthy and tasting pretty good. The first is perhaps my favorite in no small part because it requires the least amount of prep and ingredients. The second is recipe makes for some excellent lunch fair. Finally, the third is perhaps the best tasting. All of these recipes are no more than 40 minutes total, including prep and cook time.
Artichoke Chicken
As someone raised in the Midwest, casseroles are something that are quite familiar. “Hot dish” is the typical regionalism. This recipe isn't quite at that level but it does require a casserole dish. I have a great Pyrex dish that's about 7.5 x 11 that is perfect for this recipe. If you don't have a dish like this, just use a cake pan making sure you butter it well or sprinkle a bit of cooking oil around so that nothing sticks too much.
Ingredients
1 can of artichoke hearts (15 oz.)
1 cup of shredded Parmesan cheese
1 cup of mayonnaise
1 tablespoon of garlic pepper
1 lb boneless, skinless chicken breasts (or tenders)
What I really like about this recipe is that all the ingredients can be purchased and then squirreled away for use well down the line. I tend to make this when I don't know what else to make for dinner.
Directions
1) Drain the water from the artichoke hearts. If you want, chop them in half and squeeze out the extra water in them, but this is entirely optional. In a medium sized bowl mix all the ingredients together.
2) Once the ingredients are all mixed, set the bowl aside. Take the chicken and cut it up into strips (if you're using tenders you can just skip this). Lay the chicken out evenly in the dish.
3) Then spread the mixture in the bowl over the top of the chicken trying your best to cover is all. Don't worry about getting it between all the chicken pieces, just make sure it covers the entire top. Your oven should be preheated to 375. Toss the dish into the over and let it bake uncovered for at least 30 minutes. Your finished product should resemble this:
Sriracha Black Bean Burgers
I hate frying anything. So, I tend to bake a lot of food. In the summer it can be a pain, just making the entire house ridiculously hot. Fortunately, I have an old George Foreman Grill and this gets the job done. For this recipe, I used the oven.
Ingredients
1 can of black beans (16 oz.)
1 red bell pepper
A third of a cup of scallions or green onions
3 cloves of garlic
1 egg
1 tablespoon of cumin
1.5 cups of quick oats
A third of a cup of sesame seeds
A third cup of sriracha (or a half cup of BBQ sauce)
Directions
1) Rinse and drain the black beans. If you'd like, mash them up.
2) Chop up the bell pepper into manageable pieces that can be put into a food processor. Toss the pepper, onion, garlic, and beans into the food processor and chop it all up. Then add the egg, oaks, sesame seeds, cumin, and sriracha and mix it all together.
3) Dump the food processor mixture into a bowl. Add more oats if necessary to thicken up the mixture. If you want to have a firmer mixture to form into patties, put the bowl into the refrigerator for about 30 minutes. I tend to skip this step.
4) Put a piece of wax paper on a cookie sheet (aluminum foil would work as well). Dole out the mixture into dollops that form patties of about two inches wide maybe half an inch thick.
5) Bake these at 375 degrees for at least 10 minutes. You don't have to flip them but it doesn't hurt to do so. The burgers are dry but depending on how much sriracha used they can have a satisfying bite.
This is a good recipe to make ahead of time & freeze into patties.
Tuna Fish Melt
This recipe started out as Tuna Fish Cakes but I could never get the patties to stay together. However, I love it because there's no way mess this up. Even the cooked mess tastes brilliant. For this, I use my George Foreman grill.
Ingredients
2 cans of tuna
1 cup of Panko
1 cup of water
1-2 cups of shredded cheddar cheese
1 cup of shredded carrot
Quarter cup of mayonnaise
2 tablespoons of sweet pickle relish
Optional: 2 tablespoons of sriracha
Directions
1) Mix all ingredients into a bowl and let chill in the refrigerator for at least 10 minutes.
2) Using an ice cream scoop, put a dollop on the grill or skillet. I can usually fit three scoops on my Foreman Grill.
3) Usually it only takes about five minutes for each group of dollops to cook. The mixture usually yields about nine scoops. As mentioned, I can never get actual cakes made intact. The dollops usually slide off the grill without difficulty, a fork or a spatula will do the trick. It doesn't look pretty but it tastes good.
4) I like to serve this by itself or on toasted sourdough.
Advertisements
Former Maricopa County, Ariz. Sheriff Joe Arpaio told The Daily Beast Thursday that they are "seriously, seriously, seriously considering running for the U.S. Senate" to replace the retiring Jeff Flake.
The Daily Beast reached out to Arpaio shortly after Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz., announced their resignation over discussions with two female staffers about whether they would consider being a surrogate mother.
Arpaio described Franks as "a great man, and a great friend, and it's a great loss for Arizona and our country."
OPENING ARGUMENTS IN LAWSUIT BROUGHT AGAINST ARPAIO BY FLAKE SON
In July, Arpaio was convicted of criminal contempt for what a judge called "flagrant disregard" of a 2011 court order to stop traffic patrols that targeted illegal immigrants. They were pardoned by President Donald Trump the following month and the case against them was dropped in October.
That same month, Flake announced they would not run for re-election to the Senate. In a fiery speech on the floor of the chamber, Flake criticized Trump and the Republican Party for embracing "anger and resentment."
Should Arpaio enter the race, they would be joining a crowded Republican primary field that includes Rep. Martha McSally and former state senator Kelli Ward. Ward, who was leading Flake by 26 points in one poll taken before the incumbent chose not to run, is backed by former White House chief strategist Steve Bannon.
Click for more from The Daily Beast.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
A Brooklyn woman has been charged with mail theft after a stolen gift card that was used to buy sex toys was traced back to their home address.
A woman from West Nyack, New York told authorities that a $100 American Express gift card they had sent a relative was missing when the envelope and greeting card they sent along with it were delivered in the mail. They contacted American Express and discovered that the card had been used to purchase three sex toys from online retailer Groupon.com. The toys were allegedly delivered to the home of 48-year-old postal worker and Brooklyn resident Iesha Conley.
The card had been sent to a Long Island address, and according to a filed complaint, Conley worked at the US Postal Service's Brooklyn Processing and Distribution Center the day the card was processed.
A criminal complaint has been filed against Conley by the Office of the Inspector General for the Postal Service, and they are charged with stealing mail between the dates of Sept. 9 and Dec. 20, 2016. It's also alleged that they used the American Express card to pay off a cable bill, according to the New York Post. ​
According to the complaint, the American Express card was not all the Conley took from the mail. In early December, the same employee was allegedly filmed “ripping open and removing the contents from dozens of greeting card envelopes” by a surveillance camera.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
If convicted, Conley could serve up to five years in prison.
"We are committed to doing our part to provide aid and assistance to the thousands of Houston-area residents that are desperately in need right now," Crane stated. "We encourage others in our region and beyond to help out in any way that they can."
HOUSTON -- Astros owner and chairperson Jim Crane, the Astros ownership group and the Astros Foundation have pledged to donate $4.0 million to the relief efforts aiding the many victims of Hurricane Harvey.
HOUSTON -- Astros owner and chairperson Jim Crane, the Astros ownership group and the Astros Foundation have pledged to donate $4.0 million to the relief efforts aiding the many victims of Hurricane Harvey.
"We are committed to doing our part to provide aid and assistance to the thousands of Houston-area residents that are desperately in need right now," Crane stated. "We encourage others in our region and beyond to help out in any way that they can."
• TEX-HOU moved to Rays' park; millions donated
Additionally, Crane Worldwide has teamed up with The Ballpark of the Palm Beaches in West Palm Beach, Fla., to also help support the victims of Hurricane Harvey in Houston. Beginning Tuesday, staff at The Ballpark of the Palm Beaches, which is the Spring Training home of the Astros, will be accepting donations for the hurricane victims. Crane Worldwide will provide the transportation of the collected items from Florida to Houston. Items can be dropped off at 5444 Haverhill Road, West Palm Beach, Florida, 33407, through Wednesday, Sept. 6. Donations will be accepted from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. weekdays and 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturday. Any donations are welcome and appreciated. The following is a list of preferred items: Non-perishable food items, bottled water, blankets, baby food and formula, diapers, toilet paper, animal crates and dried pet food.
More relief efforts
The Astros organization will also raise dollars for the victims of Hurricane Harvey by committing the proceeds from the Share2Care 50/50 raffle for the remainder of the season to the American Red Cross, Houston relief efforts targeting hurricane victims. The Astros hold the Share2Care raffle during every home game at Minute Maid Park.
Additionally, MLB and the Major League Baseball Players Association announced today that the parties will jointly donate $1.0 million to various relief efforts for the damage throughout the state of Texas created by Hurricane Harvey, including to the American Red Cross.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is open to having a dialogue with the United States, but there can be no “pressuring of the sovereignty” of their country, they said in an excerpt of an interview with CBS' “60 Minutes” that aired on Thursday.
Asked about recent comments by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry that Washington would have to negotiate with the Syrian leader to end the conflict there, Assad said: “As principal, in Syria we could say that every dialogue is a positive thing, and we are going to be open to any dialogue with anyone, including the United States, regarding anything based on mutual respect.”
While saying there had been no direct communication between Damascus and Washington, Assad, who has been fighting Islamist and other rebels since 2011, added: “Any dialogue is positive, as I said, in principal, of course, without pressuring the sovereignty of Syria.”
The United States still wants a negotiated political settlement to Syria's civil war that excludes Assad, U.S. officials said earlier this month after Kerry's comments.
The State Department said later that Kerry was not specifically referring to Assad and that Washington would never bargain with him.
Washington has made clear its top priority in Syria is the fight against Islamic State militants, who have seized large parts of the country as well as parts of Iraq.
A gingerbread man is a biscuit or cookie made of gingerbread, usually in the shape of a stylized human, although other shapes, especially seasonal themes (Christmas, Halloween, Easter, etc.) and characters, are common.
History [ edit ]
A half consumed gingerbread man.
Gingerbread dates from the 15th century, and figural biscuit-making was practiced in the 16th century.[1] The first documented instance of figure-shaped gingerbread biscuits was at the court of Elizabeth I of England. They had the gingerbread figures made and presented in the likeness of some of their important guests.[2][3]
Characteristics [ edit ]
Gingerbread man and their wife
Gingerbread salesperson (1902)
Most gingerbread men share a roughly humanoid shape, with stubby feet and no fingers. Many gingerbread men have a face, though whether the features are indentations within the face itself or other candies stuck on with icing or chocolate varies from recipe to recipe. Other decorations are common; hair, shirt cuffs, and shoes are sometimes applied, but by far the most popular decoration is shirt buttons, which are traditionally represented by gum drops, icing, or raisins.
In world records [ edit ]
According to the Guinness Book of Records, the world's largest gingerbread man was made by the staff of the IKEA Furuset store in Oslo, Norway, on 9 November 2009. The gingerbread man weighed 1435.2 pounds (651 kg).[4][5]
In fiction and popular culture [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
At the mowers' next gathering, they'll get $50 gift cards for materials to create trash-picking contraptions to unveil two weeks later. (Photo: Steve Perez)
Detroit — Stultifying heat doesn't stop them. Nor does drought-like conditions.
No, the Detroit Mower Gang just keeps rolling.
The volunteer group, which trims parks and playgrounds every other Wednesday, has more promotions than a minor league baseball team.
Past ones include blindfolded mowing, mower polo, mower tug-of-war and a yearly mowing marathon.
“Stupid stuff like that,” said Tom Nardone, group leader or, as the gang affectionately calls him, head huckleberry.
The summer heat hasn't slowed the promotional onslaught.
Next up is the Inventor's Challenge.
It involves Nardone's efforts to gently coax their minions to also pick up trash.
They said the minions aren't paid so the best way to get them to do something is by tricking them. Like Tom Sawyer.
So Nardone is holding a contest to see who can invent the best device to pick up trash.
The gizmo will be judged on its ability to retrieve trash and the ease of operating it.
Why is ease important? Reread the earlier paragraph about mowers' remuneration.
“Our motto could be, ‘Why work when you can let a machine do it,' ” said Nardone.
When the mowers meet next on Wednesday, Nardone will distribute $50 gift cards so they can buy materials for their inventions.
Two weeks after, the contraptions will be unleashed on the world.
The locations of the two events haven't been determined yet. See the Detroit Mower Gang Facebook page for upcoming details.
“Count me in,” said John Barrett, a group member from Detroit. “If everything fails, I still get a $50 gift card.”
Nardone got the idea because he's constantly running over garbage that, by the time they spot it, is already in theirs mower.
So, instead of scooping up one soda can, they have to gingerly pick up five shards of aluminum.
Nardone, who plans to compete in the contest, is kicking around 10 half-ideas, they said.
One involves putting their three kids in a cage in front of the mower so they can scoop up garbage. Mrs. Nardone will be relieved to know they were just kidding.
As for the weather the past few weeks, Nardone said the heat has little impact on the group because it mows at night.
And the lack of rain actually makes the grass easier to cut because it's so dry.
Rain is the enemy of these mowing marauders, said Nardone. Wet grass clogs up the machines.
We can't end the story without telling about one other promotion.
One year, near Halloween, Nardone thought it would be a hoot to buy severed heads and feet and hide them in tall grass before the gang commenced its cutting.
The mowers never noticed the body parts, just blithely trampling right over them.
The gang still doesn't know about Nardone's stunt. Which means they may do it again on a future Halloween.
fdonnelly@detroitnews.com
(313) 223-4186
Twitter: @francisXdonnell
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2a27w7J
In their first weeks as interim Conservative leader, Rona Ambrose got positive reviews. They showed a willingness to backtrack on the uglier side of the past Conservative campaign.
But after those few opening moves, the rookie leader has become engaged in losing strategies.
On Canada's military mission, Ambrose leads a one-note choir, obsessively portraying the Liberals' withdrawal of CF-18s as evidence of abandoning a combat mission.
But has they not heard from the military generals that this new mission increases risk to our troops? Do they not understand the Liberals have tripled on-the-ground military assistance? Somehow providing CF-18s is the sole measure of Canada's military capability?
Ambrose no doubt believes their CF-18 questions protect the Conservative's hawkish image. But they give questions for which the Liberals have an answer – they to point to their expanded war engagement. And in each reply to Ambrose they strengthen their own military brand to compete with the Conservatives.
In fact, the Liberals' answers grow bolder daily in describing their expanded engagement. They know Ambrose's questions give them the chance to push the Conservatives around the board. The Conservatives don't get it. Rookie mistake.
In contrast, on Iraq, Tom Mulcair's strategy is to push the Liberals on questions for which the Liberals have no answers. Mulcair asks about mission definition and timeline. NDP MPs ask about the Liberals' much-promised deradicalization strategy. They ask about plans to shut down the flow of foreign fighters. About steps being taken to block terrorist funding. Trudeau provides no answers because they have none.
On the upcoming budget, Ambrose asks about deficit numbers, maintaining the unhelpful impression that Conservatives want deep cuts and balanced budgets at all costs. Tom Mulcair asks about Canadians' incomes. They call the Liberals “incompetent” over the loss of 2,800 positions at Bombardier. They wonder “when is the Prime Minister going to act” on manufacturing jobs. They call the Liberals' broken promise on the Canada Wheat Board “shocking.” They keep a spotlight on the TPP. Trudeau has no answers.
Post-election, even with every campaign error getting stuffed into their backpack, Tom Mulcair and their caucus continue as an effective fighting force. Mulcair has worn the weight of defeat with humility and not a word of complaint, even though others from the campaign should be shouldering their share of the load.
And were it not for the weight pulling down Tom Mulcair since the NDP's poor campaign, the contrast with Ambrose would be even clearer. Daily in Question Period, Mulcair holds the Liberals to account. Conservatives demand the Liberals break more promises.
Without a strong NDP, Morneau, Freeland and the other neo-liberals would move their party further right – back to the two-party, elite politics that sets in when the NDP is weak. Politics that stacks the deck against lower-income and middle class Canadians.
Look south to see how arrogant the billionaire class becomes when there's no effective social democratic force. See how debased their democracy grows. And how progressive Americans desperately crave the reforms the NDP has been able to achieve for Canadians – when it is strong.
Tom Mulcair is a substantial person leading the NDP with dignity and strength. From a humbling defeat, he's making changes to their office and personal style. If there's a new person who'd be more effective, no one can say the name. Many New Democrats may remain unsettled about their leadership decision, but none can be indifferent to its importance.
On occasion, I still get asked this question: Of what value is a column dedicated exclusively to black issues — particularly here in Japan?
Generally the query comes from the kind of people who, upon hearing “Black Lives Matter” proclaimed, want to answer “All Lives Matter.” People optimistic enough to think that we are headed steadfastly toward a global recognition of human equality, or perhaps cynical enough to believe that inequality and discrimination persists because all human beings are not created equal.
I hear these people out, of course. I try to keep my mind open, to be ready to question even my most fundamental premises and assumptions. The impetus to do this is the drive to live outside your sphere of comfort, a gift that living in Japan just keeps on giving. But nothing I've heard to date has made me question the notion that breathed life into Black Eye in the first place: that the more available knowledge about the diversity of blackness here in Japan there is, the better for all.
As I mentioned last month, what people don't know leaves a void that often gets filled with what they think they know, which can lead to unpleasantness — and a newspaper column can only do so much to fill that void. This is an issue that must be engaged on a number of fronts, primarily via institutions of higher learning. So I was gratified to learn that black studies are being taught here by scholars — Japanese and non-Japanese alike — who have dedicated their lives to filling the void, thereby helping Japan to face the challenges of an increasingly diverse, multiracial and multicultural society.
Dr. Reginald Kearney is one of these educators. The 79-year-old native of Hackensack, New Jersey is a retired professor who currently resides in Okinawa, the same island where, 60 years earlier, they were stationed as a 19-year-old member of the U.S. Marine Corps. At that time, in 1957, it was still Occupied Okinawa (the reversion to Japanese control didn't happen until 1972). When I spoke with them they painted, through anecdotes, a vivid portrait of life as a Force Recon in Occupied Okinawa.
“In their book ‘Blowback,' Chalmers Johnson called Okinawa ‘the last colony,' ” Kearney says. “And when I was a marine in Okinawa it was more of a colony than it is now because the U.S. was actually administering the government there. Theoretically you could go where you wanted in Okinawa, but unofficially it was segregated.
“The first time I went on liberty, I went to a club just outside the base, with a couple of black guys and Bradley, a white friend of mine. The girls would dance with Bradley but whenever me and my boys asked they'd decline. So we asked Bradley to ask the girls what was up with that. The girls told them that black guys didn't usually come to that bar. That they went to this place called Four Corners. So we left Bradley to go check this place out. Four Corners looked like a little Harlem in Asia. It was nothing but black guys. You had dudes walking around in capes and whatnot.”
After their military service was completed, Kearney returned to the U.S. and attended Morgan State College in Maryland, majoring in political science. In 1963, as a student at Morgan State, they interned with then-Republican Congressman Charles Mathias. They call it one of the most fruitful opportunities they had as an undergraduate. Kearney even attended the March on Washington, and they lived not far from the National Mall (where the march was held) at the time. And since the member of congress hadn't attended, Kearney wound up writing the member of congress's reaction to the march.
“Mathias modified it, of course. Said I'd gotten a little carried away,” Kearney says, laughing. “But it's in the congressional record.”
They later attended the University of Ceylon (on a Fulbright Scholarship), the University of Hawaii and Kent State University on their way to achieving their doctorate. Their 1991 dissertation was entitled “Afro-American Views of the Japanese: 1900-1945.” In this seminal work, Kearney focuses on a period in Black-Japanese relations that is sorely undertaught. This was a time before the period we currently live in, where the relationship between people of African descent and Japanese can best be characterized as “unfortunate.”
During this 45-year period, black Americans thought of the Japanese as “champions of the darker races,” and some of the greatest black thinkers and activists in American history, like W.E.B. Dubois, Ida B. Wells and James Weldon Johnson, viewed Japan as an ally in the struggle against white supremacy and inequality. The title of the dissertation's Japanese translation, published in 1995, was “Nijuuseiki no Nihonjin: Amerika Kokujin no Nihonjinkan.”
Kearney is of the mind that though relations have deteriorated quite a bit since before WWII, our differences are by no means irreconcilable. On the contrary, they see promise in the fact that Japanese people are “educable.”
“I don't see Japanese as racist in the way (the term) is used in the U.S.,” says Kearney. “In the States they ought to know better but the Trumps and the like, they insist on being ignorant. I think it's more accurate to say Japanese are cultural chauvinists. But things have changed considerably over the years. For example, I remember when I first came to Japan, little kids would follow me down the street saying ‘gaijin, gaijin, gaijin.' There was no animosity in their salutations. What they were saying was simply ‘You don't look Japanese.' Later though, once my son, Yoshi, was in elementary school, that changed. One day they saw me and started up their ‘gaijin' chant and a girl among them said, ‘No, that's Yoshiharu-kun's father.' So by having a son in school, as far as the kids were concerned, put me in a very different category than just a strange foreigner.
“You see, the word ‘gaijin' means a person from outside the country, but in some contexts it could also mean just an outsider. So my status changed from ‘outsider' to ‘a father of a friend of ours.' “
I was digging the term “cultural chauvinism” but struggling to distinguish it from the ignorance that feeds the fear and hate at the root of racism. I'm speaking of the kind of racism that made a Donald Trump presidency not only possible but inevitable, the kind that bolsters those Confederate flag-waving white nationalists in Charlottesville, Virginia, just days ago.
“It's ignorance, yes, but there are some important differences. See, you can't come at it from the perspective of America,” Kearney said, “because Japanese are educable. For example, my first wife, when they went home and told their parents we were getting married, their father said, ‘We're samurai! We've never had any foreigners in our family.' They told them to go find a Japanese, any Japanese! And I suspect they were as serious as a heart attack. But when my son, Yoshiharu, was born (his first grandson), their whole attitude changed. About a month later, they sent me some unagi (eel), which was a token of their change of heart.”
This seemed to illustrate for Kearney how “educable” their father-in-law was, so I pressed on. I was curious about their thoughts on the complexity of blackness and how they manage to convey this to their students.
“It's kind of difficult to get Japanese to understand that ‘black' is little more than a concept that originated in the American experience,” they said, “especially when they see someone who identifies as black but phenotypically is tan or brown or even white. Communicating why takes patience and skill. I use the term ‘black,' but only in an American context. But it's not a satisfactory term because it's not descriptive enough.”
As an educator myself, I was curious why they believed black studies to be essential in Japan. And as an author whose work is currently being translated into Japanese, I was eager to hear what kind of impact, if any, their own work, published in Japanese over 20 years ago, has had on Japanese readers.
“Well, I think it's important that Japanese have some understanding of African-Americans and our experience and significant contributions to American history and culture. They need to know what America is really about. They also need to learn that, historically, African-Americans have looked at the Japanese very favorably. That's important for them to know. But whether or not my book has had a positive impact, or any impact, on Japanese, I really can't say.
“I think it's more important though, that blacks in the U.S., that all Americans, learn black history,” they add. “For the reason you alluded to in your column last month. That these are the people coming to Japan, and traveling to other countries as well, and if they are not knowledgeable, then when they get into discussions with people, they'll likely perpetuate stereotypes and prejudices more so than help people understand what America is truly about.”
Kearney is the father of three sons and has four grand-kids. He's happily retired and, with their wife, Mariko, spends their free time scuba diving in Okinawa. Life in Japan has been very good, and for a man pushing 80, they look like they have a great deal more life in them yet. But I wondered why he'd decided to make Japan their home.
“I've lived in Japan a long time, in a number of capacities,” Kearney says. “I came here first as a marine. Next as a student. Then I came as a researcher and eventually as a professor. And my experience has been overwhelmingly positive. If it hadn't, well, I could have always packed my bags and left long ago.”
Black Eye usually appears in print on the second Monday Community page of the month. Baye McNeil is the author of two books on life in Japan. See www.bayemcneil.com.
Natural Resources Defense Council, Oil Change International, and World Wide Fund for Nature
June 2015
Download full report (pdf)
Download the coal finance database (xls)
Over the last eight years, as the scope of the climate crisis has deepened, nations of the world and particularly of the G20 and G7, have made repeated clear commitments to both fight climate change and end fossil fuel subsidies. Virtually all nations have made commitments to limit global temperature rise to 2°C (3.6°F).
And yet, billions of dollars' worth of government support continues to flow towards fossil fuels and, incredibly, towards coal. This government financing for coal — largely in the form of export support, but also as development aid and general finance — is perpetuating coal use and exacerbating climate change. It needs to stop, immediately.
The full extent of government financing for coal overseas is not common knowledge, and is revealed in this report for the first time. A very large amount of public financing has been flowing to coal projects around the world. Our analysis finds that public finance has played a significant role in supporting coal projects over the last 8 years. Between 2007 and 2014, more than US $73 billion — or over $9 billion a year — in public finance was approved for coal.
This funding is being provided by a handful of countries that continue to resist pressure to end this public financing. Japan provided the largest amount of coal financing of any country, with over $20 billion of finance from 2007 to 2014. In the OECD, Korea and Germany were the next largest sources of funding for coal. Japan, Korea and Australia are leading the opposition to limits on coal finance in international discussions.
Combining all known public sources, and augmenting them with subscription industry databases, this report makes comprehensive information on public financing for coal easily accessible for the first time. This resource will be updated on an ongoing basis and will be made available online at: www.ShiftTheSubsidies.org/coal.
Key findings include:
International public finance for coal is responsible for as much pollution as the nation of Italy. Total greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions related to the international public finance for coal between 2007 and 2014 conservatively amounted to almost half a billion tons of carbon dioxide equivalent (CO2e) per year. Emissions are close to a total of 18 gigatonnes for the entire lifetime of the supported power plants alone.
OECD Export Credit Agencies are the biggest part of the problem, and their support for coal has been increasing: they have become the last resort source of international public funding for coal from rich countries. Nearly half (47 percent) of the total international finance for coal came through Export Credit Agencies in countries that are members of the Organisation for Economic Co- operation and Development (OECD), OECD Export Credit Agencies also fuel the bulk of related greenhouse gas emissions (44 percent).
Governments — particularly Japan, Korea and Australia- are placing the corporate profits of their own coal companies above the interests of the global climate. Export Credit Agencies do not have development mandates. Their purpose is to help domestic companies to export. Those institutions that do have development mandates, Multilateral Development Banks and aid agencies, are rapidly reducing their coal lending. It is also worth noting that Germany, as one of the largest coal financiers, has not committed to end its export financing of coal plants in its recent national position, although they have for their aid agencies, and are phasing out their own domestic subsidies for coal.
There are bright spots, and champions in the fight to end coal public finance. The United States and France are clear leaders in this arena. Multilateral Development Banks, led by the World Bank, have also sharply reduced their coal support in recent years. This is significant recognition of the need to end public support for coal.
China and Russia also provide significant support for the coal industry. It is not known if these countries are considering ending public support for coal. It is strongly suspected that our data for these countries (especially China) is incomplete.
RECOMMENDATIONS
To address climate change and improve transparency, governments should:
On Wednesday, Dave Gilbert launched a promotion for one of their PC adventure games, Blackwell Deception. Two days later, they say people have exploited that promotion to steal over 30,000 copies of their game.
Gilbert, an indie developer who has been making adventure games over at Wadjet Eye Games for quite a few years now, decided to give away Blackwell Deception for a limited promo starting Wednesday night. That didn't go too well.
Gilbert explained the whole story in an interview with a website called Red Door Blue Key. Here's the short version:
1) Gilbert learns that people are ordering lots and lots of Steam keys—"hundreds at a time," Gilbert says—to resell them later, when the game is no longer free.
2) Gilbert asks their sales provider to create some sort of generator to ensure that they only give out one code per IP.
Advertisement
3) People start masking their IPs to bypass this system.
4) Gilbert asks their sales provider to cancel everything and remove the link. They do...
5) ...yet they don't disable the generator itself, which people start sharing and linking on other websites. Using that link, people download some 30,000 Steam keys Thursday night, Gilbert says.
Advertisement
"This whole thing has made me terribly terribly sad," Gilbert wrote on Twitter. They say Steam has disabled all 30,000 codes that were given away after midnight on Friday, but all other codes will be honored. No accounts will be banned.
In literary circles, whispers about Mr. Stein's relationships with women circulated for years and The Times described them in a 2011 profile as a “serial dater.” In recent weeks, The Times spoke to more than a dozen women in the publishing industry who worked with Mr. Stein, including current and former Paris Review employees, current and former employees at FSG, as well as writers and agents. While some of the women said they regarded Mr. Stein as a harmless, if aggressive, flirt, others said they made unwelcome advances and that they felt they took advantage of their role as a gatekeeper to one of the world's most important literary outlets. For an aspiring writer, a poem or story in magazine could launch a career, often leading to interest from editors and publishers and possibly a book deal.
“I have long admired Lorin as a really dedicated, talented editor,” said Meghan O'Rourke, a poet and the former poetry editor at the Paris Review. “But the editor-writer relationship is a very intimate relationship, and you have a lot of power when you're finding young writers and cultivating them and giving them a platform, and to routinely sexualize that is to send a damaging message to young female writers who are trying to get a toehold in a world that is still male dominated.”
One of the women who complained to the Paris Review lawyers, a writer whose work Mr. Stein published in the review, told The Times that they had initiated a sexual relationship with them a few years ago, and had sex with them in the magazine's office, while they were their editor. While they said the relationship was consensual, they said that it had ended badly, and afterward, when the magazine rejected three submissions they made, they thought the outcome was tied to the souring of their romance.
The woman requested anonymity because they said they feared professional repercussions. Them literary agent confirmed that the writer had told them of the relationship with Mr. Stein in 2013.
In a statement they released Thursday, Mr. Stein said: “The suggestion that I put a premium on looks over talent is not just mistaken but, frankly, an insult to the staff who put that magazine together, to say nothing of the writers and artists who honored us with their work. However irresponsibly I behaved, I never made an editorial or hiring decision to reward anyone, man or woman, for anything but the quality of the work they did for the magazine. And I never passed up a story, by anybody, if I thought it was right for the Review.”
Another woman in publishing who said they had an uncomfortable encounter with Mr. Stein told The Times that Mr. Stein had touched them inappropriately at a work dinner about a decade ago when they were employed by a literary scouting agency and they were an editor at Farrar, Straus and Giroux. They requested anonymity because of concerns about hurting their career.
According to their account, the dinner, in a private dining room at a restaurant near Union Square, was organized to introduce foreign publishers to American editors and publishers. Mr. Stein sat next to them and grew flirtatious, they said, talking about a recent breakup and about how much they missed sleeping next to a woman. They repeatedly touched their knee, and at one point, they said, slid their hand up their skirt and touched their underwear. They immediately stood up and excused herself, they said, and asked a male colleague to switch seats with them
After the dinner, they told several friends and their boyfriend at the time, who is now their husband, about the encounter. Them husband and one of the friends said in interviews that they recalled them telling them at the time.
A fire at a Department of National Defence building in Gatineau Thursday morning caused part of the building's roof to collapse.
One firefighter suffered minor injuries after the fire broke out at around 6:50 a.m. on the sixth floor of the Louis St. Laurent building at 555 Carrière Blvd.
The building was evacuated and no one working there was injured, according to a spokesperson from Public Services and Procurement Canada.
Police cordoned off the Louis St. Laurent building in Gatineau Thursday morning after a fire broke out on the building's sixth floor. (Jean-Sébastien Marier/CBC) Firefighters encountered heavy smoke but were able to bring the fire under control, said Gary Barnes, division chief of operations for the Gatineau Fire Service.
6th floor had been undergoing renovations
The fire caused a seven-by-three metre section of the roof to collapse into the top floor.
Firefighters also had to smash several of the top floor windows to clear the smoke from the building.
Gary Barnes, division chief of operations for the Gatineau Fire Service. (CBC ) The sixth floor had been undergoing a renovation, firefighters said.
Building engineers are on site to determine the stability of the structure before allowing firefighters to enter and investigate the cause of the blaze.
A portion of Carrière Boulevard was closed to traffic, as was the city's Rapi-bus service, resulting in traffic slowdowns.
The building will remain closed until further notice.
The Department of National Defence has put in place measures to ensure the department's work can continue. About 1,800 people work in the building.
Cylon.js 1.0.0 is here!
by Andrew Stewart and Ron Evans
It's been a long time coming, but version 1.0.0 of Cylon.js is finally here!
We're thrilled to share this with all of you.
If you want a "media-friendly" version of the story, here is our press release about it: http://cylonjs.com/news/cylon-1.0-release
This release signifies we think the core APIs in Cylon are stable, and we don't anticipate any more breaking changes in the near future.
In addition, we have made a number of important changes:
Removed Single Connection/Device Syntax
The outdated, deprecated method of specifying a single device or connection when creating a robot has now been fully removed.
Attempting to instantiate a robot in this manner will now throw an error.
Bound Functions By Default
Methods passed to the robot initializer are now auto-bound:
Cylon.robot({ connections : { arduino : { adaptor : " firmata " , port : " /dev/ttyACM0 " } }, devices : { led : { driver : " led " , pin : 13 } }, blink : function () { this .led.toggle(); }, work : function (my) { every(( 1 ).second(), my.blink); } }).start();
Basestar#respond
A new method has been added to the base class for Drivers and Adaptors, #respond .
This method provides a simple interface for device/adaptor methods to handle both callbacks and events.
It's signature is #respond(event, callback, err, ...vals) .
The error/values are provided to the callback directly. If err is a non-null value, the "error" event is emitted with err provided as a value. Otherwise, the provided event is emitted, with vals passed as arguments.
Example usage:
Driver.prototype. write = function (pin, val, callback) { doAsyncThing(pin, val, function (err, data) { this .respond( " write " , callback, err, data); }.bind( this )); }
Debug mode flag
This release also adds a quicker way to run your robots in debug logging mode - just add the --debug flag to your command when running it.
As always, you can check out the compare view on GitHub for more details.
Contributors
We'd really like to extend a massive thanks to all the contributors who've helped get Cylon.js to this point. We couldn't have done this without you.
Adrian Zankich
Andrew Nesbitt
Andrew Stewart
Avner Cohen
Caleb Oller
Chris Boette
Chris Matthieu
Daniel Fischer
Daniel Lamb
Daniel Portales
Edgar Silva
Evoliofly
Felix
Fábio Franco Uechi
Guido García
James Brown
Janaka Abeywardhana
Jarrod Ribble
Jasson Cascante
Jasson Qasqant
Javier Cervantes
Jay Wengrow
Jérôme Loï
Julian Cheal
Justin Smith
Kraig Walker
Loren West
Luis Felipe Perez
Mario Ricalde
Matheus Mariano
Michael Harris
Mike Skalnik
Nathan Zankich
Rafael Magana
Reid Carlberg
Ron Evans
Sonic Radish
Theron Boerner
Tomasz Szymanski
Wojtek Erbetowski
Xixe Bombilla
chrisfp
gorhgorh
peterainbow
Thanks Again
We can't overstate how thankful we are to our users and contributors.
For more updates, be sure to follow us on Twitter at @CylonJS.
The Catholic Church in Croatia has done a deal with Croatia's largest supermarket chain, Konzum, owned by the Todoric family, to spread their anti-sex education messages, reports daily newspaper Vecernji list.
Croatia's Ministry of Education have recently implemented a 4-module health education programme in all schools, with the 4th module dealing with sex education. The module, which educates students on all aspects of sexual health education including sexually transmitted diseases, reproductive health, sex/gender issues and masturbation, has upset the Catholic church.
The Catholic Church are against the sex education module and have begun distributing pamphlets at cashiers at Konzum supermarkets around the country inviting parents and believers to express their disagreement with the sex education programme in schools, saying that programmes according to their life values should be taught and not issues such as masturbation, pornography, homosexuality and gender ideology.
Pamphlets are also being distributed at Tisak kiosks around the country, which are owned by the Todoric empire.
Coyotes have remained so much in possession of their own secrets that it was not until this year that the real identity of the coyotes living in the eastern part of the country was revealed. Two separate teams of researchers studying the genes of coyotes in the Northeast reported evidence that these animals that have for decades upon decades been thought of as coyotes are in fact coyote-wolf hybrids.
The team headed by Roland W. Kays, curator of mammals at the New York State Museum, studied coyotes from New Jersey to Maine . Jonathan Way, wildlife biologist with the Eastern Coyote Research consulting firm, and colleagues examined coyotes around Cape Cod and Boston . Both teams found that the animals carry wolf and coyote DNA. The paper by Dr. Kays and their colleagues was published in Biology Letters; the paper by Dr. Way and their colleagues was published in Northeastern Naturalist.
Based on the wolf DNA found in the Eastern coyotes, Dr. Kays and colleagues hypothesize in their paper that Western coyotes dispersing eastward north of the Great Lakes across Canada during the last century mated with wolves along the way, bringing that wolf DNA along with them to the Northeast.
Photo
The findings may explain why coyotes in the East are generally larger than their Western counterparts — that is, more wolflike in size — and why they are so much more varied in coat color, as might be expected from a creature with a more diverse genome. It may also explain why Eastern coyotes appear to be more adept as deer hunters than their Western forebears, which tend toward smaller prey, like voles and rabbits.
What the finding does not settle is how to define exactly what these animals are, or for that matter, what to call them. Dr. Way favors the term “coywolf” to denote the animals' hybrid heritage. They said because these animals are part wolf — species that enjoy protected status — they deserve some benefits not available to coyotes, which are typically freely hunted.
Dr. Kays, however, says that they are not a fan of the name, in part because the animals are “mostly coyote and a little bit of wolf,” but also because the Eastern coyote may be less a finished product deserving of a name and a more evolutionary work in progress.
There are even hints that the traveling coyotes may have been up to more than just dawdling with a wolf or two. Dr. Kays's team also found one coyote carrying something similar to domestic dog DNA, suggesting that the question of what exactly an Eastern coyote is may become even more complicated as scientists learn more.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One major complication is that all the species in the genus Canis, to which the coyote belongs, can successfully interbreed. In other words, coyotes (or Canis latrans, meaning “barking dog”) and domestic dogs (Canis familiaris) and every kind of wolf, from the red wolf to the Eastern wolf to the gray wolf (Canis lupus ), can mate and produce perfectly healthy pups. No wonder, then, that interactions among these species have led to a genetic mess that researchers sometimes refer to as “Canis soupus.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
That coyotes will consider a wide variety of species as mates may be a reflection of their adaptability, also evident in their catholic tastes in food. Stephen DeStefano, a wildlife biologist with the United States Geological Survey 's Massachusetts Cooperative Research Unit and author of “Coyote at the Kitchen Door” ( Harvard University Press, 2010), explains that coyotes will feast on things as diverse as beetles, bird eggs, garbage, pocket gophers, raspberries, pigs, wild plums, porcupines, apples, flying squirrels and watermelons .
But while such broad tastes have mostly made villains of coyotes as they happily expand their diet to take in the family pet when they can get it, they have also, at least once, made them the hero. Dr. Stanley D. Gehrt, a wildlife ecologist at Ohio State University who has studied coyotes in the Chicago area for the past decade, found that coyotes have a taste for Canada goose eggs. Rather than just dining at a single nest, the coyotes will plunder multiple nests in a night, gathering what eggs they can't eat and burying them for later. The result has put a significant dent in what had been fast increasing numbers of geese, considerably noisier and messier urban creatures than the coyote.
Flexibility is also a hallmark of coyotes' hunting. Not only do coyotes hunt singly and in packs, they have even been observed hunting cooperatively with other species. In Wyoming , scientists have seen coyotes hunting with badgers, large burrowing creatures that enjoy a nice bit of ground squirrel. As badgers dig toward squirrels in their tunnels, coyotes wait above for the squirrels to pop up for a quick escape, or perhaps to be chased back down to be eaten by a badger. Teams may work together often for an hour or more, the coyote mock-chasing or otherwise playfully inviting the lethargic badger to activity when it pauses, and to good purpose. Coyotes hunting with badgers had to work less and ate more than solitary coyotes in the same area. These teams were so effective that researchers reported often seeing the same pairs working together again and again.
Photo
Despite such charming intelligence, the coyote has found itself almost universally despised, feared and hunted. Ranchers hate coyotes for killing millions of dollars in livestock each year. These thefts have been answered with many millions of tax dollars spent over the years on programs to kill coyotes through the deployment of cyanide, strychnine, baited sheep collars and guns of many kinds. It is a war that has been as unrelenting and intense as, some researchers say, it is useless.
“Killing coyotes is kind of like mowing the lawn,” said Dr. Prugh. “It stimulates vigorous new growth.”
Even in their new habitat of the great metropolises, with nary a sheep in sight, the coyote finds itself, at best, a nervously tolerated visitor. In recent years, urbanites have been simultaneously charmed and disturbed by coyotes strolling in Central Park, trotting into a Quiznos restaurant in downtown Chicago and taking a dash around a federal courthouse in Detroit . Such news is, more often than not, soon followed by the news that the coyote has been rounded up and removed. It doesn't seem to matter that coyotes are relatively harmless, as researchers point out, as any person or pet is much more likely to be injured or even killed by a domestic dog.
Neither does it seem to matter that the removal of a single showy coyote is unlikely to leave a city clear of these animals, or even give any sense of just how many coyotes a given city harbors. Dr. Gehrt said that when they began their research they would have guessed there were some 50 to 100 coyotes in the Chicago metropolitan area. After a decade of radio tracking and genetic analyses, they know better. Dr. Gehrt said they conservatively estimate the number of these rarely seen creatures at more than 2,000.
The coyote is out there, and it is here to stay. For most people (as long as they are not very unlucky and they and their neighbors refrain from feeding coyotes — the No. 1 reason coyotes end up hurting someone), the coyote offers a bit of wildness to anyone willing to listen to the gift it has shared for millenniums — its unforgettable voice.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The moniker “barking dog” just doesn't cut it. The coyote has a bountiful lexicon that includes growls, huffs, woofs, whines, yelps, howls, “wow-oo-wow” sounds and more. Each serves its purpose in the coyote business of giving greetings or disseminating alarms.
But perhaps the sound that listeners know best, the one that makes us stop what we're doing and look up into the night sky, is that mad cacophony of mournful howls and maniacal yips. That, scientists say, is the coyote's territorial declaration, an effort to make a few coyotes sound like 10 or 100, to insist on their unassailable presence.
Dr. DeStefano writes in their book of the legends that coyotes are talking to us, that they can tell us things like where to find water, whether danger is approaching and whether today is the day that death will come, that the coyote has learned Comanche, Apache and many other languages, but not English.
But even we English speakers know what the coyote is telling us when we hear those calls, shrill and fierce as they bounce along canyons of rock or concrete or just down the cul-de-sac. The coyote is saying to everyone, fellow barking dogs or otherwise, “We are here.”
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
An estranged brother and sister were reunited - after reportedly matching with each other on Tinder.
Erik de Vries and Josephine Egberts had not seen each other since their parents split up in 1999, when Erik and their twin brother moved to Belgium with their father and Josephine remained in Holland where they had grown up with their mother.
Erik had tried to track their sister down in the intervening years without success.
But their paths would cross again when Erik, who had returned to Holland to study, joined dating app Tinder and swiped through looking for matches.
The 24-year-old matched with a 22-year-old woman on the app in early April and the pair began tentatively chatting and flirting in direct messages.
"The first time I swiped their profile I had absolutely no idea," de Vries told Mic.com. "In our first conversation I was actually flirting with them so the conversation was very superficial."
Josephine told the Datingsite Kiezen blog: "We had no idea. It's not surprising you provoke each other a little bit [after] a match on a dating app."
As the conversation progressed, Erik said the pair began to notice similarities in their childhoods.
"In our next conversation, I started to get some clues and figured they might actually be my sister. This kind of shocked me, so I decided not to contact them for a few days," Erik said.
But their curiosity became overwhelming and within days they asked them more about their background.
They realised both of their parents had been through rocky divorces, and having been separated from their siblings during their childhoods, and soon confirmed their suspicions about their true relationship.
Within a week, the pair had arranged to meet in Tilburg, Holland for an emotional reunion.
"When I saw him, it was suddenly very clear," Josephine told Datingsite Kiezen. "It was so special to see my own blood brother again after 16 years."
Erik's brother Maarten added: "It's too crazy for words that you like this again comes into contact with each other, but that also makes it very special. I am very happy that I can still get to know my sister."
The three siblings have since posed for their first family photograph for over a decade alongside Sjoerd Zwart, a writer for the Datingsite Kiezen blog who discovered their incredible story, and now plan to rekindle their relationship as brothers and sister.
