After more than a year of whispers, job postings bemoaning the lack of innovation in the computer hardware space, and outright teasing, Valve finally— finally!—took the wraps off its highly anticipated Steam Machine endeavor at CES 2014.
The grand unveiling was clearly a success. No fewer than 14 PC builders pledged their allegiance (or at least their curiosity) to Valve's quest to drag PC gaming into the living room, powered by Valve's own SteamOS and its funky gamepad. It's hard to remember the last time so much attention was focused on desktop(ish) PCs, much less the last time the PC faithful had some truly exciting news to rejoice in. Yes, Steam Machines were all but a lock for PCWorld's Best of CES awards before the show even got started.
But that said, I just can't shake a nagging sense of disappointment in this first wave of Steam Machines. Here's why.
Laissez-faire in the living room
Origin PC's Chronos Steam Machine.
Most of my concern stems from Valve itself. More than any specific action Valve is taking, I'm more worried about the actions Valve didn't take at the grand unveiling.
“Each [partner's Steam Machine] represents a different take on the right approach for their customers. What's the most useful thing for us to do?” Valve honcho Gabe Newell pondered at CES.
Well Gabe, for starters you could've pushed a clear, differentiated vision for Steam Machines.
One of the major knocks against PC gaming is its complexity. People who just want to sit down and game can pick up a console and start fragging fools immediately, without worrying about driver updates or whether their graphics card can play any given game at a decent frame rate. Steam Machines are competing against PlayStations and Xboxes in the living room—not against hulking, fire-breathing PC gaming rigs. (Hardcore gamers are a comparatively small bunch, and they already have gaming PCs.)
The Xbox One is the true Steam Machine competition—not Windows PCs.
But in its quest for hands-off "openness," in its desire to be the anti-Microsoft of the Windows 8 era, Valve did nothing to make Steam Machines more accessible to the everyman. Instead, the first wave of Steam Machines shown at CES consisted of a scattershot array of hardware, ranging from Gigabyte's itty-bitty Brix Pro with integrated Intel graphics to blinged-out microtowers rocking overclocked Core i7 processors and multiple graphics cards. Which one's right for you? Who knows?
In a 2013 interview with the Verge, Gabe Newell said Steam Machines were being developed on a "Good, better, best" philosophy. "Good" machines are low-cost boxes designed to stream games from your gaming PC to your TV, rather than to act as stand-alone gaming systems. "Better" Steam Machines pack dedicated CPUs and GPUs—Newell said Valve planned to control these specs for the good of the ecosystem. Anything and everything goes in high-end, "Best" Steam Machines.
IBuyPower's SBX Steam Machine resembles a traditional gaming console in price and aesthetics.
None of those "classes" were mentioned at the grand unveiling, and that's a damn shame. Valve had a golden opportunity to market the Steam Machine to the masses at CES. Rather than saying "Check out all these cool Steam Machines ranging in price from $500 to $6,000," Newell & Co. should've drawn some lines in the sand. I wanted to see Valve cast a spotlight on the affordable, capable, presumably "Better" Steam Machines competing in the console price range, such as the offerings from iBuyPower, CyberPower, Gigabyte, and Zotac: "For the same price as an Xbox One, you can play thousands of killer PC games at perfectly acceptable frame rates, not to mention scads of amazing indie games like FTL, Terraria, and Spelunky!" And I wanted to see Valve use that baseline to pimp the eyeball-bleeding capabilities of tricked-out "Best"-level Steam Machines from Alienware, Origin, Digital Storm, and Falcon Northwest.
I saw none of that. Valve didn't offer any guidance whatsoever. That leaves me worried.
More of the same
Webhallen's Steam Machine sports an awfully familiar looking case.
Something about the Steam Machines themselves gives me pause, too.
Yes, they all look amazing, and yes, I'm excited to see such emphasis placed on big power in small packages (I've always been a fan of potent, pint-size PCs). But a lot of them look like—well, any other small-form-factor (SFF) gaming PC.
Digital Storm's Bolt II and Falcon Northwest's Tiki Steam Machines mirror the non-SteamOS versions of the same hardware, right down to the vertical, tower-style cases—which I've never pictured when envisioning Steam Machines. Webhallen's Steam Machine sports a stock BitFenix Prodigy case—a nifty but far from sleek chassis that feels disappointingly standard. Origin's Chronos Steam Machine and Material.net's big boxes wouldn't look at home in the average entertainment center, either.
Small? Sure, kinda. Special? Not really.
Granted, all of the most notable offenders are amped-up "Best"-style mega-PCs, rather than the cheaper machines competing with consoles in the $500 range. You can't expect high-end components to fit into a pint-size case, given their size and thermal requirements.
CyberPower's Steam Machine has a lot of neon, but it's also refreshingly console-like and unique.
The Steam Machines in the $500-to-$600 range sport far more interesting and console-esque designs, their appalling abundance of shiny neon lights aside. You won't mistake the iBuyPower or CyberPower Steam Machines for any SFF PC you've seen before, though you may wonder whether they aren't Xbox prototypes. The enticing aesthetics and competitive pricing of those boxes are all the more reason why Valve should have highlighted these Steam Machine paragons at the grand unveiling. Remember: Steam Machines have to compete with consoles, not gaming PCs. Alas.
Don't harsh my buzz
Don't get me wrong: I'm still wildly (crazily?) optimistic about SteamOS and what it could mean for the future of PC gaming. Valve's audacious endeavor still has a long way to go, but the mere promise was tantalizing enough to persuade more than a dozen PC builders to get involved, and component makers are already stepping up their Linux driver support to prepare for the Steam Machine onslaught.
Steam Machines could have a bright future very quickly: Console ports would be a natural for the controller-focused, living-room-ready platform; and if AMD convinces developers to utilize its (potentially) powerful Mantle technology, a Steam Machine could pump out lots of graphics with middling (AMD) hardware.
Console ports and new games are the only way to compensate for the oversize asterisk that is SteamOS's Achilles heel: The Linux-based system can natively play only the couple of hundred games available for Steam for Linux. Accessing the rest of Steam's vast catalog requires streaming a signal from a Windows-based PC located in your house.
It's in Valve's best interests to persuade developers to make direct Steam-for-Linux ports, as quickly and as often as possible, in order to make Steam Machines a viable stand-alone gaming option. The best way to do that is to sell a slew of Steam Machines, and the best way to sell a slew of Steam Machines is to make them comparable to the consoles the masses know best—in price, look, and (perhaps most important) software and hardware simplicity.
Valve has provided the bones necessary to bring Steam Machines to fruition, but if these little living-room PCs are to succeed, Gabe and their cohorts need to bring a guiding vision to the table. I just didn't see that at the grand unveiling.
Here's hoping Valve's message becomes clearer as Steam Machines inch toward retail reality. The Philips CD-i already proved the danger of being too open back in the 1990s. If Valve fails, it's hard to imagine anyone else picking up the banner.
Alpha Orbital joins the jolly season with another big giveaway! It doesn't matter which corner of the universe you come from because we've got you covered!
With the year coming to an end, I just thought it would be a perfect opportunity for a little celebration to thank all you lovely space addicts that keep docking here at Alpha Orbital.
Now let's get straight down to business – With the holidays approaching, some of the presents got tossed over this way for me to pass them around. Each prize listed below will be randomly distributed to one of you, with some given the chance to pick their own prize!
As in the previous space-sim giveaway – there are no special efforts required. All you have to do is share some holiday spirit in the comments below and you automagically enter the giveaway. The lucky winners will be announced on December 24th.
Feel free to like the post and share it if you feel like supporting the site a bit further.
It's been a wonderful year and I hope to see you flocking into docks of Alpha Orbital again in 2017.
Fly safe o7
Holiday season giveaway prizes
The Senate on Thursday easily confirmed President Trump's nominee for the United States trade representative.
After months of delays, Robert Lighthizer sailed through in an 82-14 confirmation vote.
The bulk of the Trump administration's trade agenda has been in a holding pattern, leaving issues such as the renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and the direction of future global deals up in the air while Lightizer waited for Senate approval.
On April 25, the Senate Finance Committee unanimously advanced their nomination as part of a bipartisan agreement to consider coal miners' benefits legislation.
ADVERTISEMENT
Democrats on the panel also wanted a waiver for Lighthizer's nomination because they had worked for foreign governments on trade in the 1980s and 1990s.
The waiver and the coal miners' benefits landed in the fiscal 2017 omnibus spending bill Congress passed last week.
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in their honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation their version of power grab MORE (R-Utah) highlighted Lighthizer's experience in trade policy.
“Mr. Lighthizer's years of experience in public service, including as staff director for the Senate Finance Committee, as deputy USTR during the Reagan administration, and in private practice make them extremely well qualified to serve as our nation's trade representative,” Hatch said on the Senate floor.
Hatch also said they had made clear to Lighthizer the importance of the trade rep consulting with Congress on trade promotion authority.
“The USTR is Congress's first and most important point of contact when it comes to trade policy,” Hatch said.
Sen. Ron Wyden Ronald (Ron) Lee WydenSenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules | Chamber launching ad blitz against Trump drug plan | Google offers help to dispose of opioids Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules after 18,000 lose coverage in Arkansas MORE (Ore.), Finance's top Democrat, criticized the Trump administration for trade strategy that “amounts to a muddle of 140-character tweets, mixed messages and overhyped announcements that are backed by little substance."
Wyden said Lighthizer knows what real progress on trade means.
“It is clear that Mr. Lighthizer not only understands how the global trading system works, but also how it sometimes breaks down,” Wyden said.
“He understands the U.S. role in the world, and they understand the challenges that trade cheats pose for American workers and businesses.”
Although Lighthizer's nomination was never in jeopardy of failing, they did face some opposition.
Republican Sens. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (Ariz.) and Ben Sasse (Neb.) said they would have to oppose their nomination because “your confirmation process has failed to reassure us that you understand the North American Free Trade Agreement's positive economic benefits to our respective States and the nation as a whole."
Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer Charles (Chuck) Ellis SchumerBrennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview Harry Reid: 'I don't see anything' Trump is doing right MORE (D-N.Y.) said while they supported Lighthizer, they couldn't vote to confirm them because of all that has happened this week with the firing of former FBI Director James Comey.
Still, the 69-year-old Lighthizer landed plenty of bipartisan support.
Ohio Sens. Sherrod Brown Sherrod Campbell BrownWorse than nothing's been done since the massive Equifax hack Dems face internal battle over budget On The Money: Dems set Tuesday vote on Trump's emergency declaration | Most Republicans expected to back Trump | Senate plots to avoid fall shutdown drama | Powell heading before Congress MORE (D) and Rob Portman Robert (Rob) Jones PortmanAddressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win Texas senator introduces bill to produce coin honoring Bushes GOP Green New Deal stunt is a great deal for Democrats MORE (R) each supported Lighthizer saying they will play a key role in forming trade policy and representing the U.S. in cases against foreign countries who violate trade laws.
Brown and Portman have vowed to work with Lighthizer to boost Ohio's steel industry, a frequent talking point of Trump.
“Bob knows our steel industry, knows the importance of our manufacturing sector, and knows our failed trade policy has left Ohio workers behind,” said Brown, who called Lighthizer shortly after the vote.
Portman, a former U.S. trade representative, said they are “confident” that Lighthizer “will work to protect American workers from foreign trade cheats and I look forward to seeing them succeed as our next trade representative.”
Lighthizer also garnered a wide range of support across trade groups from agriculture to technology.
Craig Uden, National Cattlemen's Beef Association president, called on Lighthizer to “prioritize trade with Asian markets by focusing efforts on restoring U.S. beef access to China and by establishing a bilateral trade agreement with Japan.”
American Soybean Association (ASA) President and Illinois farmer Ron Moore said “Lighthizer's confirmation to USTR is an encouraging step in developing trade policies that continue to promote U.S. food and agriculture production."
“As we urge prudence on any trade negotiations or renegotiations, Lighthizer's confirmation will allow the U.S. to engage on trade negations that will benefit all Americans though economic growth and job creation,” Moore said.
Joel Newman, president and CEO of the American Feed Industry Association, said their group looks "forward to working with them to keep agricultural trade issues a top priority."
"NAFTA, currently under the limelight, will be at the top of our list as the Trump administration moves forward with its plans to renegotiate the agreement's terms with Canada and Mexico," Newman said.
Steve Simchak, director of International Affairs for the American Insurance Association (AIA), said their group looks forward “to learning more about the administration's trade agenda for the financial services industry and working with them to advance the interests of U.S. insurers and reinsurers globally.”
BSA The Software Alliance said they are encouraged by Lighthizer's recognition of the importance of cross-border data flows and digital trade rules.
“Data is critical to the global economy, in the U.S. alone, the software that powers the data economy contributes $1 trillion to the GDP, supports almost 10 million jobs, and generates $52 billion in R&D investment," the group said in a statement.
This story was updated at 4:38 p.m.
The Information Commissioner's Office will this morning issue a £130,000 fine [1] to the UK's largest NHS-approved online pharmacy, Pharmacy2U, [2] whose senior executives approved the sale of NHS patients' and P2U customers' personal data by direct marketers.
The ICO determined that, through a direct marketing company called Alchemy Direct Media (UK) Ltd, Pharmacy2U executives unlawfully and unfairly sold the personal data of over 21,000 NHS patients and P2U customers either directly, or through intermediaries, to:
Australian Lottery fraudsters [3] targeting male pensioners who were more likely to have chronic health conditions, or cognitive impairments;
a Jersey-based ‘healthcare supplement' company [4] which the Advertising Standards Authority ruled against for “misleading advertising” and “unauthorised health claims” ;
and a UK charity which used the details to solicit donations [5] for people with learning disabilities.
The ICO determined that the sale of personal data was “likely to cause substantial damage or substantial distress to the affected individuals”, [6] that the incidents were neither “one-off events nor attributable to mere human error” [7] and that Pharmacy2U executives were negligent [8].
Phil Booth, coordinator of medConfidential said:
“When medConfidential made a complaint to the Information Commissioner on behalf of patients who were being marketed, we'd no idea the trade in their data was as murky as this.
“Vulnerable people shouldn't be exposed to this sort of harm and distress, but what's doubly appalling is that this was done by the largest NHS-approved online pharmacy in the country, which is part-owned by the company that provides a majority of GPs with their medical records systems.
“The Government has to act decisively. Six-figure fines alone won't stamp out this poisonous trade; not when there's so much profit to be made. There must now be a blanket, statutory ban on all marketing to patients.
“Those who profiteer from patients' data are predators and should face prison when they are caught.”
—
Notes for editors:
The fine is a ‘Monetary Penalty Notice'; the ICO's full judgement is published here: https://ico.org.uk/action-weve-taken/enforcement/pharmacy2u-ltd/ Following a Daily Mail investigation, first reported on 31 March 2015: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3020480/Your-secrets-sale-NHS-dock-s-revealed-details-patients-bought-prescriptions-online-sold-off.html Pharmacy2U is 20% owned by EMIS, the single largest provider of GP IT systems across England, see p80: https://www.emisgroupplc.com/media/1084/emis-group-plc-annual-report-and-accounts-2014.pdf and EMIS' current Chief Executive is also a Director of Pharmacy2U: https://www.companiesintheuk.co.uk/director/11692582/christopher-spencer See paragraphs 24-28 of the ICO's judgement, which includes: “The National Trading Standards Scams Team has also informed the Commissioner's office that the lottery company is the subject of an ongoing international criminal investigation into fraud and money laundering , although this wouldn't have been known to Pharmacy2U.” See paragraphs 20-23, which includes: “In February 2015, the Advertising Standards Authority (“ASA”) issued an adjudication on Healthy Marketing Ltd in relation to breaches of the CAP Code, although this wouldn't have been known to Pharmacy2U at the time the order was approved. The breaches related to a press advert which was found to contain misleading advertising and unauthorised health claims .” Paragraph 29 of the ICO's judgement. Paragraph 65 of the ICO's judgement. Paragraph 72 of the ICO's judgement. Paragraph 63: “The senior executive of Pharmacy2U must have known that there was a risk that people may object to the sale of data to the lottery company because, when they were asked to approve the order, they replied “OK but let's use the less spammy creative please, and if we get any complaints I would like to stop this immediately” . However, they still approved the order.”
medConfidential campaigns for confidentiality and consent in health and social care, seeking to ensure that every flow of data into, across and out of the NHS and care system is consensual, safe and transparent. Founded in January 2013, medConfidential is an independent, non-partisan organisation working with patients and medics, service users and care professionals.
For further information or for immediate or future interview, please contact Phil Booth, coordinator of medConfidential, on 07974 230 839 or phil@medconfidential.org
– ends –
WASHINGTON — As the rotors spun up to speed above the cockpit of the blue and white Bell 412 EP helicopter, Sgt. Ken Burchell realized they had a problem.
The radio in their U.S. Park Police helicopter couldn't pick up signals from Metropolitan D.C. Police teams storming Building 197 in the Washington Navy Yard just across the misty Potomac River. They could see the building from the tarmac but couldn't hear what was happening.
A shooter police identified as Aaron Alexis, 34, of Fort Worth prowled the building. SWAT teams needed aerial intelligence, and wounded workers inside the Naval Sea Systems Command building might need medical evacuation. Burchell didn't have time to fix the radio.
In the field surrounding the helicopter's landing pad in Anacostia Park, Metropolitan K-9 officer Kelvin Dyson and another K-9 cop were training their dogs. Burchell piloted the twin-engine helicopter over the fence and landed beside them. Rescue Technician Sgt. David Tolson, one of Burchell's two crew members, jumped out and grabbed Dyson — and their radio — and told them what was happening across the water.
Burchell, a 28-year veteran of the park police, flew over the smoking wreckage of the Pentagon on Sept. 11, 2001, their commanding officer, Lt. Simeon Klebaner, said. Park police helicopter crews train for flights into live-fire areas, but Burchell's crew never performed one, said the third crewman, Rescue Technician Officer Michael Abate.
Accustomed to surveillance, rescue and medevac flights, they took off Monday morning on something akin to a combat mission.
Burchell kept the helicopter low over the Potomac as Dyson relayed messages between the aircraft — call sign Eagle 1 — and their fellow D.C. officers in the building.
“Our first mission is to find the active shooter,” Burchell said.
When Burchell brought the helicopter over Building 197, the crew saw that four civilians and one or two SWAT officers had escaped to the roof. One of the civilians, a woman, “had been shot through the shoulder and had lost a tremendous amount of blood,” Burchell said.
They flew back across the river to pick up two SWAT officers at their hangar and returned to hover about 40 feet above the Navy Yard building's roof. Abate left the co-pilot's seat, secured their harness to the helicopter and leaned out the open side door, scanning the rooftop and ground through the gunsight of an M-16 rifle as Tolson lowered one of the SWAT officers to the roof in a rescue basket.
The officer and civilians loaded the wounded woman into the basket and Tolson began winching them back up, but before they brought them into the helicopter, Burchell flew clear of the scene, the woman dangling outside the aircraft in the open basket.
“We were clearly in what might be described as a hot zone,” Burchell said.
Once clear, Burchell hovered the helicopter again, and they brought them inside for the flight to MedStar Washington Hospital Center.
“I found them to be extremely brave, all things considered,” Tolson said. They remained composed enough to give the crew information about the shooting that they relayed to SWAT officers in the building, they said.
They returned to the building to drop off the SWAT officer and — “one by one,” Burchell said — pick up the other three civilians.
“They were incredibly well composed and extremely grateful, and we were glad to have them aboard,” Tolson said.
Washington Hospital Center listed the woman in fair condition on Tuesday morning.
Mike Wereschagin is a staff writer for Trib Total Media.
China has a huge population to draw from and its teams have been successful in several sports. But its men's soccer teams have routinely struggled in international competition.
In 1985, Hong Kong beat China, 2-1, in Beijing to eliminate the team from qualifying for the following year's World Cup, setting off a riot. In the 2015 World Cup qualifiers, Hong Kong tied China twice. To add to the insult, the home fans booed the Chinese national anthem before the game in Hong Kong.
The world governing body for soccer, FIFA, fined the Hong Kong Football Association for fans booing during one of the China matches and also during a 2015 World Cup qualifier against Qatar. The city's football association has called on fans to behave, and flight attendants make vain attempts to encourage hard-core supporters to keep quiet during the national anthem.
The anthem, “March of the Volunteers,” was a poem set to music in 1935, and it became popular as a call for resistance against Japan. Its lyricist, Tian Han, died in prison during the Cultural Revolution in 1968.
The anthem law went into effect on Oct. 1. But Hong Kong, a former British colony, maintains a semiautonomous existence that allows it to keep its own economic and legal systems. So Hong Kong will need to enact its own version of the law, which it has yet to do.
Thus far, Hong Kong fans are unbowed.
“We do it spontaneously because we don't think we are part of the P.R.C.,” said Sanho Chung, 24, who was at Tuesday's game, using an abbreviation for the People's Republic of China. “We are different.”
Rights activists and pro-democracy politicians are concerned that the law could be used to suppress free expression.
Untitled hwhadvs Sep 16th, 2016 5,157,776 Never 5,157,776Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.63 KB This comment has been overwritten by this open source script: https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite Overwriting works to protect user privacy in two ways... 1. The Reddit database does not physically delete a comment when you click delete, but since it also does not store each version of an edited comment, then this overwrites acts as a more effective delete function. 2. While there are 3rd party websites that archive Reddit comment threads, they are not efficient, reliable, nor presumably persistent. Most importantly, they do not allow the easy browsing of a users comment history. Reddit has seen a sharp increase in doxxing, stalking, harassment, and censorship recently, and this script attempts to protect users while also advising other users of the danger. ***If you would like to run this script, first install one of these scripting plugins*** Chrome extension: TamperMonkey - https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo Firefox extension: GreaseMonkey - https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/ ...then go to the script page: https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite ...and click "Add script". Finally, to actually overwrite your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use RES: http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top. If you would like to contribute to the improvement of this script, please leave feedback on the Greasyfork page here: https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite/feedback
RAW Paste Data
This comment has been overwritten by this open source script: https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite Overwriting works to protect user privacy in two ways... 1. The Reddit database does not physically delete a comment when you click delete, but since it also does not store each version of an edited comment, then this overwrites acts as a more effective delete function. 2. While there are 3rd party websites that archive Reddit comment threads, they are not efficient, reliable, nor presumably persistent. Most importantly, they do not allow the easy browsing of a users comment history. Reddit has seen a sharp increase in doxxing, stalking, harassment, and censorship recently, and this script attempts to protect users while also advising other users of the danger. ***If you would like to run this script, first install one of these scripting plugins*** Chrome extension: TamperMonkey - https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/tampermonkey/dhdgffkkebhmkfjojejmpbldmpobfkfo Firefox extension: GreaseMonkey - https://addons.mozilla.org/en-us/firefox/addon/greasemonkey/ ...then go to the script page: https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite ...and click "Add script". Finally, to actually overwrite your comments, simply click on your username on Reddit, go to the comments tab, scroll down as far as possible (hint: use RES: http://www.redditenhancementsuite.com), and hit the new OVERWRITE button at the top. If you would like to contribute to the improvement of this script, please leave feedback on the Greasyfork page here: https://greasyfork.org/en/scripts/10380-reddit-overwrite/feedback
by Jeremy Leaming
For decades, leaders of the nation's Religious Right have done more than just oppose equality for the LGBT community, they have tarred it as one made of hedonistic, selfish beings bent on harming children, destroying Christianity, and a host of other depraved actions. (For good measure many among the Religious Right have also sought to convince us that science says lesbians and gay men can be “cured” of their alleged afflictions.)
Within the past decade I had the great pleasure of attending numerous Religious Right gatherings in preparing articles for Church & State, a publication of Americans United for Separation of Church and State. At nearly every one of those gatherings lesbians and gay men were a prime topic of conversation. Indeed the leaders of many of the Religious Right groups that appeared at or organized those gatherings, including representatives from James Dobson's Focus on the Family and Tony Perkin's (pictured) the Family Research Council (FRC) were obsessed with gay people. It was not enough for these leaders to advance their tired line about the threat same-sex marriages supposedly pose to marriage. They inevitably, whether directly or through insinuation, demonized LGBT people. LGBT persons the Religious Right leaders have long claimed are at the root of everything that is supposedly wrong with this country.
For example at the 2007 “Family Impact Summit” in Tampa, Fla., a string of “workshops” centered squarely on tearing down the LGBT community. Same-sex marriage may have been the hook for some of the discussions, but the conclusions these discussions or lectures advanced were all wildly uniformed, blatantly unfair and bigoted.
A “Homosexuality/Ministry” workshop, as I reported for Church & State, was led by two people who said they had been cured of their homosexuality and featured a talk by Nancy Heche, mother of the actor Anne Heche. Nancy claimed that they had a lot of gay friends, before saying how much they cared for them and how they wished they could have “what I have.” Them condescending talk, given with great earnestness, held that gay people can be made straight and that they'll be much healthier once they survive the conversion. They urged those in attendance to “eat with the sinners. Go befriend a gay person, build a relationship.” It was a rather nauseating affair.
Unfortunately it did not stop there. A panel discussion called “Defending Marriage: What's at Stake,” featured FRC's Peter Sprigg, a longtime and very loud opponent of the LGBT community and Dale O'Leary, who at the time claimed to be a writer for a Catholic-based website, as well as a researcher.
O'Leary most definitely was a bore, and a nasty one at that. As reported for Church & State, O'Leary declared the gay “activists” are liars, gay men cannot sustain happy relationships and that the “underlying goal” of the LGBT community was to destroy Christian values and culture.
Sprigg, then the FRC's vice president of policy, took a slightly more tactful route, but nonetheless told the audience, “I do, in fact, oppose homosexual behavior, and I think we should discourage it.”
That was only one gathering. But this kind of rhetoric – the LGBT community is morally bankrupt, devious, depraved, and working to destroy the America loved by the Religious Right – has been peddled nonstop for decades.
It is thus not surprising that the Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), a civil rights group founded in 1971, that tracks and fights bigotry and hatred, would tag some Religious Right groups, such as the FRC, as a hate group.
What is likely also not surprising is that the FRC and other rightist groups devoted to demonizing the LGBT community would chafe at and try to undermine the work of the SPLC.
When a Virginia man entered FRC's Washington, D.C. headquarters last week and shot a security guard, it didn't take long for Perkins, the group's president, to point the finger. The “reckless rhetoric” from the SPLC, Perkins declared, provided the gunman “a license to shoot” the security guard.
In a piece for Mother Jones, Adam Serwer notes that accusing “someone of purveying ‘hate' does not contain a justification for violence, explicit or implicit.” And concludes in part, “Given their group's years-long characterization of gays and lesbians as child-molesting, sociopaths bent on abusing children, I doubt Perkins wants their silly standard for what constitutes a justification of violence to be applied to himself.”
SPLC Senior Fellow Mark Potok, in noting Perkin's “outrageous” claim, did not back away from SPLC's conclusion that FRC is a peddler of hatred.
“As the SPLC made clear at the time and in hundreds of subsequent statements and press interviews, we criticize the FRC for claiming, in Perkins' words, that pedophilia is ‘a homosexual' problem' – and utter falsehood, as every relevant scientific authority has stated. An FRC official has said they wanted to ‘export homosexuals from the United States.' The same official advocated the criminalizing of homosexuality,” Potok said.
But Potok, Serwer and others have it right; FRC shamefully is using a tragedy to divert attention from its ignoble, harmful and yes hateful rhetoric.
[image via Gage Skidmore]
If you need some sexy Southern charm in your life then you need to meet Peach. Peach is a stunning, curvaceous beauty that is 31 years of age. Them hair is red and their eyes are green and they are a beautiful lady. Those D boobs are amazing and completely real for those that like having all-natural breasts in their face. Brunettes are said to be fiery and passionate and they are definitely both of those qualities with a twist of Southern charm. Them pussy is nice and hairy and you will be impressed with their dedication to keeping a hot ginger bush. Them fetishes range from domination to feet to cuckold to femdom. Peach has a dominant personality and they like to be in charge and let them needs be met before anyone else. Kinky encounters make them moist and they like to be on the edge of passion and pain and break free from constraints and enjoy even the darkest of kinks. This sexy, busty amateur Milf from Phoenix, Arizona wants to masturbate together. They hate fingerbating all alone. They want to watch you beat off. If you're up for it then click here to check out their full profile and see when she's online. Once you become a fan of theirs you get their Snapchat username so you can be kept up to date with fresh boob selfies!
They like to get naughty with submissive men that are willing to submit to their sexy southern peach and do as they like. Getting into foot worship and lusting after their sexy legs in garters and pantyhose is also a fetish that they enjoy and teasing you with their beauty makes them shine and smile as they know they are wrapping you around their plump little fingers. Roleplay and cuckold are part of their expertise and they have costumes and outfits to help with these fantasies coming to life. If you like milfs check out this blonde LA milf I found on Facebook. Cuckolding small cock men is a specialty of theirs as well and they know how to make you squirm and beg for any attention that you can get from your demanding goddess after they are done getting fucked by a man with a big cock. You can bet that your sexual appetites are going to be driven hardcore by Peach and taken even higher than ever before.She so wants to masturbate together, they love watching men masturbate as much as they love been watched masturbate so click here and check out their bio and see when she's online.
The 2012 hardcover collection of Spirit World isn't just a compilation of lesser Jack Kirby ephemera. These are comics that few readers have ever seen , not because they weren't popular, but because they weren't given a chance to become popular. Not that the series stood a chance to gain a huge following upon its release in 1971, as unusual and weird-looking as it was (and still is!), but these paranormal tales, drawn mostly written or rewritten by Kirby and completely drawn by Kirby, are like art projects launched thirty-something years into the future.
What I'm saying is that the Spirit World hardcover is like a brand new 2012 comic that just happened to be written and drawn in the early 1970s and if you like your strangeness strange and your art artistic and your sense of equilibrium equi-liquified, then you should totally read this book. Unless you're scared. Are you scared? Just a little?
First, some background: Spirit World itself -- a glossy horror magazine directed toward a more adult audience -- was barely even released. As former Kirby assistant and longtime Kirby scholar Mark Evanier writes in the 2012 collection, "Even if you were buying comics back then, you might not have seen Spirit World #1. Neither Steve [Sherman] nor I could find a copy at any newsstand. Then again, we did live in the tiny, insignificant town of Los Angeles, California."
Spirit World was part of Jack Kirby's ahead-of-its-time proposal to DC which called for them to reach out to new, contemporary audiences with better paper, magazine-style, and with books filled with content that wasn't just rehashed 1960s cornball schlock. Kirby knew the world was changing, that readers wouldn't fall for the same silly romance tropes and stunted sci-fi spectacle. According to Evanier, Kirby proposed themes that "mattered to college-age kids of the day: The Vietnam War. The environment. Politics."
To provide context, DC comics from 1971 featured visuals like Jerry Lewis hiding atop a totem pole from some colorful Indians, Aquaman shrinking down into magic ring, Lois Lane turning into a snow sculpture, and someone named David cheating on their girlfriend on the cover of Secret Hearts .
The superhero "realism" and "relevance" of the Bronze Age was creeping into other DC titles, as Neal Adams drew an extra-sinewy Man-Bat, and writer Denny O'Neil said "no more" to Kryptonite in Superman , and the Teen Titans faced ironic pummeling at a so-called peace rally.
Amidst that DC Comics backdrop, Kirby proposed something that might actually have been reasonably adult and sophisticated. But Spirit World ended up not being what they had envisioned. DC cut costs, ditched the idea of a full-color glossy magazine, and left it up to Kirby to create their own stories to fill the pages. And rather than connect it to their other publishing projects, they released it under the made-up name of "Hampshire Distributors," and cancelled the series before they heard sales reports for issue #1. Not that it would have mattered. Undistributed bundles could be found in warehouses. No one knew what to do with Spirit World, even after they saw it.
Because Spirit World , as released in 1971, is kind of a mess. It's not a comic that tackles social concerns of the day. It's not particularly adult in its sensibility. And it features three Jack-Kirby-meets-the-1970s-meets- Vault-of-Horror suspense stories followed by an inelegant prose tale and a Sergio Aragonés gag page ripped from a different source.
In every way, it's nothing like Jack Kirby reportedly proposed it to be, but it can't help but reveal their true interests. It's a Kirby work, through-and-through (except for the prose short and the Aragonés page), and while it's clear the DC Comics abandoned the project without proper support, the first issue of Spirit World , as reprinted in the 2012 hardcover, springs from the heart and mind of Jack Kirby. It's their interests that shine through on its pages. Their passion for art and history and psychology and the unknowable that lies behind it all.
Spirit World may have been a mess, but it's a fascinating one that offers some genuine chills because of Kirby's confidence in their own material.
(click images to enlarge)
The three Kirby written-and-drawn Spirit World stories from the first issue -- reprinted as the first half of the hardcover collection, printed in dark blueish-gray -- are set up more like episodes of a television series than a comic. Hosted by Doctor E. Leopold Maas, parapsychologist, each installment tells of a strange, haunting occurrence: the housewife who could foresee the assassination of John F. Kennedy even if no one would believe her; the house haunted by the towering ghost of an escaped slave once chased by a "Confederate commando unit"; and the past life regressions of "The Screaming Woman." Though more overtly sexualized and violent than most of Kirby's work up until that time, these stories were tamer than many of the EC Comics of fifteen years earlier and more tepid than the Warren magazines that likely prompted DC's even fleeting interest in Kirby's magazine proposal from the beginning.
But Kirby's storytelling power makes their supernatural tales more convincing than most. And their use of the fictional Dr. Maas provides a pseudo-scientific grounding for the stories that makes them more effective than the cackling EC Cryptkeeper or their colleagues.
This isn't mysticism and fantasy, Kirby's Spirit World implies. It's parapsychology. Which is almost close enough to maybe be considered a science, as long as Kirby says it is.
(click images to enlarge)
And while those three Dr. Maas-introduced tales fill the majority of pages of Spirit World #1, Kirby also follows their muse toward an increased use of the collage technique they had sometimes incorporated into their superhero comics. Here, it's skulls and eyeballs and masks and ominous skies, a far more interesting medley than the poorly-reproduced geometric collages of the Negative Zone in The Fantastic Four . And there's even a full-on fumetti sequence with young men and women photographed in homemade Flash Gordon-esque costumes that reads like a cosmic questing of the sort that would fit right into the middle issues of Alan Moore and J. H. Williams III's 21st century Promethea .
In page after page of Spirit World , Kirby's ambition surpasses their execution, and in the collected edition, we get to experience it for probably the first time. Plus, we get to read additional Kirby stories intended for Spirit World , including their explosive declaration of the power of Nostradamus's prophecies, the horoscope monsters of yesterday and today, the proto-New Godsian "Toxl, The World Killer," a deadly-sincere exploration of spontaneous combustion, and the case of Karl Burkel, whose brain may have contained "a chamber locked to all other men!?"
(Double or triple punctuation are not uncommon in this book, and that's okay!!!)
It doesn't seem that Kirby spent long mourning what could have been after the brief life-and-death of Spirit World, since the rest of the 1970s proved to be another amazingly fertile decade for their unrestrained creativity. But few of their comics before or since are as odd as Spirit World, the magazine that never quite was, and the stories that seemed to not quite belong to any particular era. "Are We on the Outside of the Spirit World" the first issue's cover asks us, without even a question mark. Yes, we are, and we always will be. But we can all see inside its covers now, and appreciate it from a distance.
New Mountaineer Head Coach, Dana Holgorsen knows how to celebrate a promotion.
They were promoted on Friday evening, went on a fishing trip with WVU basketball head coach, Bob Huggins over the weekend, did an interview on Decision Makers, and on Tuesday jumped out of an airplane. Holgorsen went skydiving with the Golden Knights in support of Flag Day near Beckley, WV. It was one of their first trips as the Mountaineer head coach on behalf of the University. Somewhere in there, they had time to appear on CBS radio with Jack Arute and former boss, Mike Leach.
Holgorsen said that they used the trip, that also included a ride down the river, as a stress-reliever.
"My stress release was a day on the river – which it's a beautiful river – and jumping out of an airplane," they said.
Holgorsen jumped in tandem with an experienced skydiver out of a plane over the New River Gorge, landing in the water near Ace Adventure Resort in Fayetteville. They were asked what their preparation was for the jump. They said they had none, just signed a waiver. You can watch footage of their landing here. It's worth 30 seconds of your life to see.
If Holgorsen's first few days on the job is any indication, then I get the feeling that the next few years on Morgantown are going to be a lot of fun.
INTPs are equal parts thinker and seeker. Recognizing life's brevity, they strive to craft a life that is important, meaningful, and authentically reflects who they are. Toward this end, they feel compelled to clarify their understanding of their core self, purpose, and philosophy / worldview. Unfortunately, the INTP quest is rarely simple or straightforward, often extending far longer than they anticipate. Plagued by doubt and uncertainty, some may worry they will never find what they are looking for and that all their explorations will have been for naught. But those who persist in their quest have good reason for hope. While their ultimate destination may look a little less shiny or glorious than they envisioned, it is nonetheless worth the struggle, capable of furnishing them with an enduring sense of meaning and satisfaction.
This book explores the deep existential concerns that INTPs strive to understand and resolve through their quest. It aims to further their understanding of their core self, purpose, and philosophy, as well as to illumine their path to integration and the successful enactment of their purpose. If you are seeking insight into INTPs' personality, their ideas and philosophies, their foremost struggles, and their life quest, this book is for you.
by Liam Viney, The University of Queensland
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UVkef5_GBI8 Where words leave off, so music begins – Heinrich Heine (1797-1856) Amazing grace, amazing grace … (trailing off). Amazing grace, how sweet the sound (now singing) – Barack Obama, 2015.
Barely a week after Donald Trump's presidential campaign launch provided a problematic example of music in the political sphere, Barack Obama's eulogy at the Reverend Clementa Pinckney's funeral in Charleston, South Carolina on the weekend provided the polar opposite; an example of how music can propel oratory into regions of meaning and impact that most politicians can only dream of.
To be sure, the two events are categorically distinct on many levels; Trump's campaign launch (likely attended by paid actors) sits firmly in the political sphere (or the commedia dell'arte sphere, depending on your viewpoint), whereas a funeral, even one freighted with political issues, connects with music more readily through the raw and exposed emotional nerve endings of the people in attendance.
Yet music played a fascinating role at both events, and in each case, context was everything. Unlike the Trump campaign launch, however, Obama's most recent public musical moment (there have been others) has reverberated positively around the world.
Only a hard heart could fail to respond on some emotional level when the President of the United States of America, eulogising at one of the most emotionally and racially charged funerals in US history, started singing Amazing Grace.
Only blindness could deny the power of witnessing the US's first president of colour break into song, powerfully illustrating their connection to one of the most musically rich religious communities on Earth (the African American Church generally), galvanising an entire nation into finding strength in a time of great need.
Obama's words alone that day would have been enough to inspire awe. Their performance approached the emotional intensity of a sermon, and subsequent speakers were compelled to anoint them “Reverend President”.
Compared to the anodyne and anaemic cultural engagement leaders of most Western neo-liberal democracies exhibit, it was hard not to be transported back to the heady days of Obama's election win in 2008 by the centred charisma they showed onstage.
The power of the moment
Near the end of an almost 40-minute eulogy, after a perfectly-judged rhetorical crescendo, Obama paused, bowed their head, and gently launched into a rendition of the first verse of Amazing Grace:
A re-reading of the names of the shooting victims follows, and the climax of the eulogy is reached. Many news stories that feature video of the event cut into the moment a split-second before Obama sings, and only some include the subsequent reading of names.
But to fully understand the power of the moment, it's worth going further back into the text of the eulogy.
The theme of grace, God's grace here, was threaded throughout. And like a great symphonist embarking on a lengthy musical journey, Obama drops their theme right at the beginning: the first thing he'd noticed upon meeting Rev. Pinckney had been theirs “graciousness”.
Obama builds their theme
After beautifully describing the Reverend's biographical embodiment of graciousness, Obama pivots from the personal to the general.
As Pastor at Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, Pinckney was profoundly connected to the history of African American religious culture. The references to history open the door to a political dimension, which comes a bit later.
They then twice describes the alleged killer as “blinded” by hatred, saying “he would not see the grace” of the people they would soon murder. Obama was clearly building their rhetoric around the last line of the first verse of Amazing Grace:
was blind, but now I see.
Obama then explicitly refers to grace as the central theme of the eulogy:
This whole week, I've been reflecting on this idea of grace.
They quote lines from Amazing Grace, described the local community's reaction as graceful, and referred to the grace shown by the victims' relatives upon facing the alleged killer.
Pondering the opportunity grace provides further, Obama again uses blindness to bring up a list of acutely painful issues for American society: blindness to the pain cause by the Confederate flag, to the role of past injustice in present-day problems, to poverty, to endemic problems in education and employment, to the criminal justice system, to recent problems with law enforcement, and to voting issues.
Ultimately though, it is gun violence that Obama settles on. They implore Americans to approach the issue with open hearts, to find “reservoirs of goodness” that will allow grace to emerge.
They then says:
If we can tap that grace, everything can change. Amazing grace, amazing grace.
They trail off. Then they pause.
The pause generates electricity, it suggests something is about to happen, and it makes people listen. Like musicians who don't begin a performance until an audience has fully settled, Obama wants silence in the space before music.
In lesser hands, this moment could have been a corny disaster, and as an artistic moment, people are free to find it such. Critical discussion in most of the press, however, seems to have judged it a success – testament to Obama's consummate skill as a political performer.
Don't forget, Obama had just spoken the words “amazing grace” twice, and trailed off. When they then started singing Amazing Grace, they were literally re-creating Heine's philosophical perspective on music's post-linguistic status. Adding melody the on the third repetition was not only a great segue, but at a fundamental dramatic, theatrical, and philosophical level, pretty clever.
Many things then happen in quick succession. The church leaders behind them spontaneously beam, voice their pleasure at what is happening, and stand to join in. The congregation, surprised to find itself feeling so good about what is happening (it is a funeral after all) doesn't cheer so much as collectively smile audibly, then sings too. The musicians figure out what key they are in and improvise an accompaniment (almost certainly unscripted).
Of course there are some who may have reacted negatively.
Amazing Grace is so ubiquitous as to almost warrant cliché status. The 18th-century English slave-owner turned abolitionist John Newton penned the words, and the melody we know today has been associated with those words since the 1830s and the Second Great Awakening. Used ever since in countless different contexts, especially since the 1950s, Amazing Grace is in danger of losing its power thanks to over-familiarity.
For the purposes of this eulogy, however, the singing of Amazing Grace was a perfect tool to take the political message into stratospheric emotional territory.
Three classic notes
The opening three notes outline the most ubiquitous structure in post-1600 Western music – the major triad. But they are arranged in a particular way: the first note, sung to “ah-”, is not the strongest of the three notes, but it leads into the most structurally stable, sung to “-maz-”.
The rhythmically longer “-maaaaz-” mirrors the way we speak the word when we want to emphasise it – as in, “wasn't that speech amaaazing”.
By the third note on “zing”, we certainly know which song we're hearing. These three notes resonate on deeper levels for anyone familiar with American music of the past. Just one example: Aaron Copland's seminal Appalachian Spring (1944) is built on the same material, derived in turn from the opening figure to the traditional Shaker song Simple Gifts.
These three notes, outlining what's called a second-inversion triad, create a beautiful, open sound. It's this open sound that Copland uses throughout Appalachian Spring to depict the vast openness of possibility represented by the story of young pioneer love in the original ballet, and it's the same open sound that gives Amazing Grace the open heartedness that Obama was campaigning for in their words about gun violence.
Back to Obama's singing: another thing happens on “zing” – Obama sings a bit flat. Naturally, as a singer without formal training, who has had certain other things to attend to recent years, they may have just not have the best singing technique. Intonation insecurity and dubiously executed melismata were balanced by an undeniable connection to African American musical culture. That flatness was very likely Obama channelling the blues.
These observations pale in comparison to the overall impact this part of the eulogy delivers. It is thanks to the way music lifts the words about grace out of the quotidian, that Obama can then ride a wave of emotion to the end of the eulogy.
They go through the names of the dead again, appending “found that grace” to each name, in a full and passionate voice. The soaring effect they create builds on the music we just heard. “That grace” is a grace that's had new and deeper meaning conferred upon it by the song.
Their reading of each name is a righteous call, in full sermon mode, and the audience responds each time in a cathartic final acknowledgement of the victims. The musicians continue to riff, accompanying the whole antiphonal interaction, commenting on Obama's words right to the end.
This subtle musical background ensures the emotional vibration continues and elevates the final moments of the eulogy.
By this stage Obama has carried the congregation into the realm of truly powerful communication, underpinned by a musically-accessed emotional state.
The way in which the Obama let music take over where “words left off” demonstrates music's capacity for consolation in a profoundly important way. And it is salutary to consider that only a culture that understands music, that knows music, that values music, and that realises it needs music, will be able to benefit from it in this way.
If people were moved by Barack Obama's eulogy, it was ultimately music, as much as God's grace, that made them see.
Liam Viney is Piano Performance Fellow at The University of Queensland.
This article was originally published on The Conversation.
Read the original article.
Advertisements
Star midfielder Park Ji-sung has won over doubting fans and critics at Manchester United in the English Premier League, just as they did at their previous club PSV Eindhoven in the Netherlands, according to a report by the Associated Press.
"Once considered a marketing gimmick, Park Ji-sung emerges as core player for Manchester United," reads the title of the article released by the AP on Tuesday. Park is currently in the U.S. on tour with the team.
When Park joined United, many people thought they were acquired for marketing purposes to raise the profile of the club in Asia, the report wrote. This was before they conjured up a successful partnership with Wayne Rooney, providing the striker with plentiful goal-scoring opportunities and occasionally finding the back of the net himself.
"At first, some people said I was only good for selling t-shirts. But I made (it clear) that they were mistaken, so I'm happy," Park was quoted as saying.
The article also featured supporting comments by their teammates, who praised the 30-year-old's work ethic and versatility. "He's just a workhorse," said defender Chris Smalling. "He runs and runs all day long. And they bring that quality, they can play on the wing, they can play center midfield. He's been a real credit to the team, and long may that continue."
Forward Danny Welbeck said they were pleased to hear that Park looks close to re-signing with the club after a spate of rumors that they may be moving on.
"He's definitely one of the more experienced players in the squad," said the 20-year-old. "We all know the qualities that Ji's got and [how he] provides for the team. Everyone here will be delighted that he's got a new deal."
Manager Sir Alex Ferguson said last week in Chicago that the club had offered the player a two-year extension and they were sure Park would accept. This would probably entail a slight increase in wages for the midfielder, who currently earns an estimated 70,000 pounds per week.
The AP report comes amid growing acknowledgment of Park's contribution to the club's success. Only last month, the U.S. media Bleacher Report posted an article online entitled, "Park Ji-sung: Is the Asian Manchester United's Most Important Player?"
The player will get another opportunity to strut their stuff on the international stage on Thursday when the Red Devils face a Major League Soccer All-Star team featuring former United player David Beckham, who now plies their trade for the Los Angeles Galaxy. United will then face FC Barcelona on July 31 to wrap up their U.S. tour.
People inspect the damage at the Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF)-backed al-Quds hospital after it was hit by airstrikes, in a rebel-held area of Syria's Aleppo, April 28, 2016. REUTERS/Abdalrhman Ismail
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The United States is working on "specific initiatives" to reduce the violence in Syria and sees stopping the bloodshed in Aleppo as a top priority, a U.S. State Department spokesperson said on Saturday.
In a statement detailing calls Secretary of State John Kerry has made over the past two days with UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura and with Riyad Hijab, a negotiator for Syrian opposition groups, State Department spokesperson John Kirby said Kerry had made clear the United States wanted Russia to apply pressure to the Assad government to get it to stop "indiscriminate aerial attacks" in Aleppo.
"In both calls, the secretary underscored that the initial efforts to reaffirm the cessation of hostilities in Latakia and Eastern Ghouta are not limited to these two areas and that efforts to renew the cessation must and do include Aleppo," Kirby said.
(Reporting by Timothy Ahmann; Editing by Chizu Nomiyama)
SimCity publisher Electronic Arts isn't offering refunds for copies of the game purchased digitally through Origin, even though an Origin community manager previously said aggrieved players could request refunds.
Players who are frustrated by a continuing inability to access SimCity's servers — and therefore, play the game at all — can seek refunds if they bought the title through a third-party retailer like Amazon. But as the Origin Twitter account reminded people this afternoon, EA's policy is, "in general," not to offer refunds on any products purchased digitally through Origin.
Amid the chaos of SimCity's North American launch Tuesday morning, Origin global community manager Marcel Hatam apologized to players in a post on the EA Forums. They initially said, "If you regrettably feel that we let you down, you can of course request a refund for your order at [Origin's "contact us" page], though we're currently still in the process of resolving this issue."
But Hatam's post has since been edited. It now asks customers simply to "please review our refund policy here," with a link that goes to the asupervisorstioned refund policy — under which Origin gives no refunds for digital games.
"please review our refund policy"
One player posted a transcript of a text chat with Origin customer support in which they asked for a refund but was rebuffed. When the customer linked Hatam's original post, the support rep replied, "You can request a refund, but ... it is also the our [sic] discretion to process a refund. When the user said they would call their bank and dispute the charge, the support rep told him, "If you choose to dispute it, your account will be banned."
The Origin Twitter account later clarified that statement, saying, "We will not ban players for requesting refunds."
Develop also spoke with an Origin customer support rep about refunds. The rep said that "refunds are only given in exceptional circumstances," and explained that SimCity's server issues did not qualify, at least "not right now."
At least one Reddit user "wasn't getting anywhere" through chat, but said they were able to get a refund by calling EA's customer support hotline, although the person waited for "about an hour." However, another Reddit user posting in the thread said they spent an hour and a half on the phone with a total of three support reps, and ended up being unsuccessful in their pursuit of a refund.
"we will not ban players for requesting refunds"
We called the EA support line ourselves and were on hold for approximately 55 minutes before a support rep answered and said, "We are not offering any refunds due to server issues right now." Asked if that could change, the rep told us, "It's hard to say," and added that Maxis is "working 24/7" to fix the server issues. They also reiterated Origin's general policy, which is to deny refunds "except for special mitigating circumstances," like a buyer realizing their computer doesn't meet a game's system requirements.
We also reached out to Maxis and Origin representatives over email to ask about SimCity refunds. An Origin PR representative pointed us to the asupervisorstioned tweets from Origin, and added, "As a general policy, EA does not offer refunds on products downloaded through Origin. If a player has a question about the policy, they're welcome to contact our Customer Experience group at help.ea.com."
Keep track of the SimCity server situation with our StoryStream below.
Cambridge, Mass. – August 20, 2013 – Applied physicists at the Harvard School of Engineering and Applied Sciences (SEAS) have demonstrated that they can change the intensity, phase, and polarization of light rays using a hologram-like design decorated with nanoscale structures.
As a proof of principle, the researchers have used it to create an unusual state of light called a radially polarized beam, which—because it can be focused very tightly—is important for applications like high-resolution lithography and for trapping and manipulating tiny particles like viruses.
This is the first time a single, simple device has been designed to control these three major properties of light at once. (Phase describes how two waves interfere to either strengthen or cancel each other, depending on how their crests and troughs overlap; polarization describes the direction of light vibrations; and the intensity is the brightness.)
“Our lab works on using nanotechnology to play with light,” says Patrice Genevet, a research associate at Harvard SEAS and co-lead author of a paper published this month in Nano Letters. “In this research, we've used holography in a novel way, incorporating cutting-edge nanotechnology in the form of subwavelength structures at a scale of just tens of nanometers.” One nanometer equals one billionth of a meter.
Genevet works in the laboratory of Federico Capasso, Robert L. Wallace Professor of Applied Physics and Vinton Hayes Senior Research Fellow in Electrical Engineering at Harvard SEAS. Capasso's research group in recent years has focused on nanophotonics—the manipulation of light at the nanometer scale—with the goal of creating new light beams and special effects that arise from the interaction of light with nanostructured materials.
Left: holographic component fabricated by ion milling with a focused ion beam a 150-nanometer-thick gold film deposited on a glass substrate. A laser beam is partially transformed into a radially polarized beam as it traverses the device. The wide grooves create the donut-shaped intensity profile, known as a vortex, while the sub-wavelength nanometer grooves in the inset determine locally the radial polarization, which is perpendicular to the grooves. Right: The computed characteristic beam cross-section; the blue arrows indicate the radial polarization. (Image courtesy of Federico Capasso.)
Using these novel nanostructured holograms, the Harvard researchers have converted conventional, circularly polarized laser light into radially polarized beams at wavelengths spanning the technologically important visible and near-infrared light spectrum.
“When light is radially polarized, its electromagnetic vibrations oscillate inward and outward from the center of the beam like the spokes of a wheel,” explains Capasso. “This unusual beam manifests itself as a very intense ring of light with a dark spot in the center.”
“It is noteworthy,” Capasso points out, “that the same nanostructured holographic plate can be used to create radially polarized light at so many different wavelengths. Radially polarized light can be focused much more tightly than conventionally polarized light, thus enabling many potential applications in microscopy and nanoparticle manipulation.”
The new device resembles a normal hologram grating with an additional, nanostructured pattern carved into it. Visible light, which has a wavelength in the hundreds of nanometers, interacts differently with apertures textured on the ‘nano' scale than with those on the scale of micrometers or larger. By exploiting these behaviors, the modular interface can bend incoming light to adjust its intensity, phase, and polarization.
Holograms, beyond being a staple of science-fiction universes, find many applications in security, like the holographic panels on credit cards and passports, and new digital hologram-based data-storage methods are currently being designed to potentially replace current systems. Achieving fine-tuned control of light is critical to advancing these technologies.
“Now, you can control everything you need with just a single interface,” says Genevet, pointing out that the polarization effect the new interface has on light could formerly only be achieved by a cascade of several different optical elements. “We're gaining a big advantage in terms of saving space.”
The demonstration of this nanostructured hologram has become possible only recently with the development of more powerful software and higher resolution nanofabrication technologies.
The underlying design is more complex than a simple superposition of nanostructures onto the hologram. The phase and polarization of light closely interact, so the structures must be designed with both outcomes in mind, using modern computational tools.
Further research will aim to make more complex polarized holograms and to optimize the output efficiency of the device.
Genevet's and Capasso's collaborators included co-lead author Jiao Lin, a former SEAS postdoctoral fellow who is now at the Singapore Institute of Manufacturing Technology; Mikhail Kats, a graduate student at Harvard SEAS; and Nicholas Antoniou, principal focused ion beam engineer at the Center for Nanoscale Systems at Harvard University.
This research was supported in part by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research (FA9550-12-1-0289); the National Science Foundation (NSF), through a Graduate Research Fellowship; and the Agency for Science, Technology and Research (A*STAR) in Singapore. Device fabrication was carried out at the Center for Nanoscale Systems at Harvard University, which is a member of the NSF-supported National Nanotechnology Infrastructure Network (ECS-0335765).
At SummerSlam, two champions were crowned.
Daniel Bryan defeated John Cena in a grueling match which cemented them as a main event player in the WWE. However, Randy Orton cashed in their Money in the Bank briefcase to initiate another WWE championship match. Triple H then Pedigreed Bryan to allow Orton an easy win.
The next night on Raw it was explained the reason was because Bryan isn't an ideal champion while Orton is.
It's pretty obvious what they are doing with Bryan. They are taking three elements of the Attitude era and combining it to try and create the ultimate underdog. Bryan is Steve Austin's anti-establishment, anti-authority character. He's also Chris Jericho, the smaller sized mouthpiece insulting Stephanie McMahon and getting in the way of McMahon-Helmsley. Finally, he's Mick Foley. The hero of the Internet and the underground who worked their way from gyms to arenas while looking like he's homeless and nothing of what you expect out of a WWE champion. Bryan works all three formulas quite well. It works for them to be the working class hero.
What's more interesting to me is Randy Orton. A lot of fans quickly pointed out how Triple H and Orton had a heated feud which involved Stephanie at times but even HHH brushed it off, saying they pushed their differences with Orton aside to choose him. Orton at first glance does not look like your corporate champion. He's covered in tattoos and we all know they have two strikes to their Wellness resume. They could be fired at any moment. However, let's go a little deeper.
Orton was called the Viper both due to their mannerisms in the ring and as a way to get them over with fans. The other two famous snakes in the WWE were anti-hero Jake “The Snake” Roberts and anti-hero Steve Austin, known as “The Rattlesnake”. Orton has played off of not being clean cut like John Cena for years, especially after their heel run.
Orton has also received a reputation for the last year or so of being lazy and just going through the motions in the ring. A part of this reputation was “The Headlock Era” of Orton where he'd work countless headlocks for heel heat. If you go a bit deeper, the reason is because Orton is extremely smart in the ring. He's quite possibly one of the most old school style performers in the company and veterans of the business are first to recognize. Orton could have fit perfectly in the old school Rock and Wrestling era with their mannerisms, gestures and how they build momentum in a match. When I watch say matches featuring Nick Bockwinkel or Harley Race, I can see Orton fitting perfectly. Orton can be as technical as they come and it's sometimes hard to recognize when he's 6'4” and does not have the background of guys like Punk and Bryan.
When you put the pieces together it makes more sense why the McMahon family would support Orton. He's the choice of an old school veteran. They wrestle like one, they cut promos like one and their rough exterior is a modern update to the classic tough guys. Maybe not as obvious as say a Bray Wyatt but Orton calls back to a great like Rick Rude. The McMahons are playing the role of being out of touch and when you list Orton's attributes on paper, no wonder they would go with him.
But are the McMahons really out of touch? The truth is, there is a large segment of the WWE audience now that's adults who have been watching across two, sometimes three decades that criticize the product for most of their time but still support their indie darlings. They still get behind the people they like but when their pushes fail they shout and scream the loudest in the vast space of the Internet. And now that their hero became WWE champion and had it snatched away, they are now being told that Randy Orton is the champion they deserve. The McMahon's may be out of touch but they know that no matter what they shove down your throat, be it the Divas, John Cena, Great Khali or Foot Locker paid promotions in between a colossally slow three hours Raw, you're going to keep watching for the small things you enjoy. Small things like Daniel Bryan.
For every “If Cena wins we riot” sign displayed, no riots erupted. The most fans have shown is that they are willing to compromise a broadcast of Raw to get themselves over. They certainly have never shown any sense of quitting a program that hardly ever caters to them. Now Cena is gone from injury and their bingo hall darlings in Punk and Bryan are the top babyfaces of Raw. Yet neither are champion because the WWE knows no matter what they do with them? You will watch. The champion is a man who was raised on the business, stood up to the veterans of the company (in 2008, Orton put HHH and HBK in their place in Iraq due to HBK complaining that Umaga's tights were too close to the colour of HHH's tights and making them get them re-designed) and proved he's more than willing to do things their way. He's beloved by the old school of the industry and connects to several different demographics without turning one away. They have all the attributes one would want in a champion without sacrificing legitimacy. He's Randy Orton, and while they aren't the champion you picked? They certainly are the champion you deserve.
Feel free to comment below, and follow me on Twitter @AaronWrotkowski and the site @lastwordonsport. Also follow @TNAWWEGUY and @CrimsonSkorpion on the Last Word on Sports Wrestling team.
Interested in writing for LastWordOnSports? Find more info at our “Join Our Team” page.
Main photo via WWE.com
Mr Heddle was described by their loved ones as a family and community-orientated father who loved their wife and children. The public servant was heavily involved with the territory's water polo community the past 18 months, including as a Tuggeranong Vikings Water Polo coach. Family, friends and strangers shared messages of grief and support via the Facebook page after discovering the news of Mr Heddle's death. "Thinking of Stuart's family and friends. The arms of the entire Canberra community are around you," Jackie Bath Poyser said. Adam Knight wrote of catching up with Stuart at a recent school reunion.
"Stuart hadn't changed in 20 years. They were still such a great guy - a big kid with a big smile and a kind heart," they said. "Stuart achieved a great deal both personally and professionally, all with the love and full support of their family. I'm sure Stuart will be dearly missed by everyone who ever had the pleasure of meeting him." Bron Freeman said they were "thinking of you all at this very sad time". "Jenny there is so much love and support here for you and the kids." Emma North also paid their respects.
"I didn't know you or your family. It has been a long few days for the whole of Canberra coming together to try and find you," they said. "You were a very well respected man and this is such a tragedy. May you rest in peace Stuart." Belinda Sillis posted a message on behalf of Mr Heddle's immediate family. "We wish to offer our heartfelt thanks for all your help, love and support throughout this time," they said. "We need some time to process what has happened and to spend some time together as a family."
Mr Heddle's family has requested donations to Lifeline or Beyond Blue in lieu of flowers. Support is available for anyone who may be distressed by phoning Lifeline 131 114; Mensline 1300 789 978; Kids Helpline 1800 551 800.
Is killing another human being ever justifiable? Is committing acts of violence ever permissible? Is murder ever legitimate? In an otherwise good article on self-defense, “The Use of Deadly Force in Self-Defense,” a Christian writer in the Berean Searchlight loses their way when they bring up the subject of killing in war. Here are the relevant paragraphs: War is another area where the taking of human life is legitimate in the eyes of God. When the soldiers asked John the Baptist, “And what shall we do?” it is true that John advised them to “do violence to no man” (Luke 3:14). However, these instructions must be considered in light of the fact that they did not insist that these soldiers quit being soldiers. This means that the violence in which they forbad them to engage must have had to do with some sort of illegal violence. The Greek word for violence here has the idea of shaking, and just might be the idea behind our modern word shakedown, the illegal use of power or authority to extort money from people. The rest of John's words here would suggest that this is what they had in mind, as they went on to tell them to “be content with your wages.” We know from Ezekiel 45:9 that the orderly execution of judgment and justice by soldiers in the line of duty is not considered violence, for here God says to “remove violence” by engaging in the execution of judgment and justice. In addition, David said, “Blessed be the Lord my strength, which teacheth my hands to war, and my fingers to fight” (Psa. 144:1). Clearly, the taking of human life in times of war cannot be a sin if God Himself taught David how to be good at it.
The writer's opening and closing statements are not only irresponsible and careless; they are also evil and dangerous. On John the Baptist and soldiers, since I have written an entire article on the subject here. I will just say: 1. Is not killing in an unjust war the highest form of violence? 2. Too much should not be read into John the Baptist not telling soldiers to quit since the Apostle Paul likewise never told slave owners to free their slaves (Ephesians 6:9; Colossians 4:1). 3. Nothing said or not said by John the Baptist or done or not done by Roman soldiers can justify the actions of the U.S. military in Iraq or Afghanistan. The context of the passage the writer refers to in the book of Ezekiel speaks of a future time when the princes of Israel shall no more oppress the people of Israel (Ezekiel 45:8). It has nothing whatsoever to do with soldiers, then or now. Just read it: “Thus saith the Lord GOD; Let it suffice you, O princes of Israel: remove violence and spoil, and execute judgment and justice, take away your exactions from my people, saith the Lord GOD” (Ezekiel 45:9). It also doesn't say anything about how anyone is to “remove violence,” although it seems clear that stopping the committing of violence is what is meant. One thing is for sure, it certainly doesn't say to “u2018remove violence' by engaging in the execution of judgment and justice.” It does not follow that because the Lord taught David to fight and war for them as the leader of the Old Testament Israelites that the taking of human life in times of war cannot be a sin.
It is wrong to invoke the Jewish wars of the Old Testament against their enemies as a justification for the actions of any government and its military. Although God sponsored these wars, and used the Jewish nation to conduct them, it does not follow that God sponsors other wars, any country is God's chosen nation, any country has a divine mandate to wage war, any leader is like King David, or that any army is the Lord's army. The LORD commanded the children of Israel to “destroy” the altars of the Amorites, the Canaanites, the Hittites, the Perizzites, the Hivites, and the Jebusites, “to break their images, and cut down their groves” (Exodus 34:11-13). Does this mean that the U.S. military should invade Muslim countries and destroy their mosques? Only to imperial Christians. And besides, David obviously abused their skill set because the Lord said to him: “Thou shalt not build an house for my name, because thou hast been a man of war, and hast shed blood” (1 Chronicles 28:3). King David also had multiple wives. Does this mean that Christians can do the same? I said that the writer's opening and closing statements were evil and dangerous. Take a look at them again: War is another area where the taking of human life is legitimate in the eyes of God. Clearly, the taking of human life in times of war cannot be a sin if God Himself taught David how to be good at it. Notice that the writer did not offer any caveats; killing in war is legitimate and is not sinful. This means that not only are U.S. troops off the hook for killing tens of thousands of people in Iraq and Afghanistan (and millions in Germany, Japan, Korea, and Vietnam), but that German soldiers who killed Polish, Russian, British, French, and American soldiers in World War II did nothing illegitimate. It also means that Japanese soldiers in World War II did not sin when they killed Chinese or American soldiers. The writer's blanket and careless statements mean that no soldier who ever has taken the life of “the enemy” while engaged in war has ever done anything illegitimate or sinful. This is ludicrous. Killing in a war that is unjust or not a war of genuine self-defense is wholesale murder. And yes, that goes for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Wearing a government uniform doesn't make it legitimate. Using a government weapon doesn't make it legitimate. Getting a government paycheck for doing it doesn't make it legitimate. Flying a government plane or helicopter doesn't make it legitimate. Sailing on a government ship doesn't make it legitimate. Killing government-declared enemies doesn't make it legitimate. Killing government-demonized foreigners doesn't make it legitimate. Following a government order doesn't make it legitimate. Fighting under a government flag doesn't make it legitimate. Murder can never be legitimate.
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
Even after Fox News retracted several of their reports on European Muslim “no-go zones,” Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal says they know that such areas are real since “people in Europe” have personally told them that no-go zones run according to Sharia law are popping up throughout the continent.
Jindal, speaking to Iowa talk show host Steve Deace yesterday, said that such anecdotal evidence trumps whatever facts are out there.
They warned that America may be next, unless their upcoming prayer rally ushers in a spiritual revival: “Folks, if we don't get serious, that's what is going to be in our future. One of the reasons we're doing something called The Response this Saturday at LSU where we are calling Christians together in prayer, just to pray to turn back to God for a spiritual revival in our country. When you talk in those terms, the media, the academic left, they go apoplectic. Just like they will call you a racist for calling out radical Islam, they will attack you for talking about a spiritual revival. That is what our country needs.”
RIP, Lucius Shepard, gone too soon
Lucius Shepard, one of science fiction's great writers, has died. They were 66 70. I had met Lucius on several occasions and found them to be just as you'd hope from their novels: smart and witty (but lots of writers are smart and witty), and kind, and weird in the most delightful ways. I watched a chess-boxing match with Lucius and I have never seen someone more delighted. Shepard was involved in many good causes, and we had brainstormed many ideas for helping friends of theirs who were eking out a living in Central America as skin-divers and facing grave physical peril. It had been a few years since I'd seen them in the flesh, and I knew their health was often poor, but this was sudden and terrible news out of the blue.
Tor.com's obit does a good job of getting at the facts of their career:
Shepard began publishing short stories in 1983 and their first novel, Green Eyes, appeared in 1984. In 1985 they won the John Campbell Award for Best New Writer; over the course of their career they won the Nebula for their novella “R&R,” the Hugo for their novella “Barnacle Bill the Spacer,” and the Shirley Jackson Award for their novella “Vacancy” in 2008.
But to stop there is to miss how Shepard's fans and friends reveled in their work -- its originality, its dazzling language, its hardbitten and hard-won verisimilitude. They were a writer who changed the readers who found him, and I miss them already.
Update: A fitting eulogy from Michael Swanwick.
Lucius Shepard, 1947-2014
As Californians continue pumping groundwater in response to the historic drought, the California Department of Water Resources today released a new NASA report showing land in the San Joaquin Valley is sinking faster than ever before, nearly 2 inches (5 centimeters) per month in some locations.
The report, Progress Report: Subsidence in the Central Valley, California, prepared for DWR by researchers at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California, is available at:
http://water.ca.gov/groundwater/docs/NASA_REPORT.pdf (14 MB)
"Because of increased pumping, groundwater levels are reaching record lows -- up to 100 feet (30 meters) lower than previous records," said Department of Water Resources Director Mark Cowin. "As extensive groundwater pumping continues, the land is sinking more rapidly and this puts nearby infrastructure at greater risk of costly damage."
Sinking land, known as subsidence, has occurred for decades in California because of excessive groundwater pumping during drought conditions, but the new NASA data show the sinking is happening faster, putting infrastructure on the surface at growing risk of damage.
NASA obtained the subsidence data by comparing satellite images of Earth's surface over time. Over the last few years, interferometric synthetic aperture radar (InSAR) observations from satellite and aircraft platforms have been used to produce maps of subsidence with approximately centimeter-level accuracy. For this study, JPL researchers analyzed satellite data from Japan's PALSAR (2006 to 2010); and Canada's Radarsat-2 (May 2014 to January 2015), and then produced subsidence maps for those periods. High-resolution InSAR data were also acquired along the California Aqueduct by NASA's Uninhabited Aerial Vehicle Synthetic Aperture Radar (UAVSAR) (2013 to 2015) to identify and quantify new, highly localized areas of accelerated subsidence along the aqueduct that occurred in 2014. The California Aqueduct is a system of canals, pipelines and tunnels that carries water collected from the Sierra Nevada Mountains and Northern and Central California valleys to Southern California.
Using multiple scenes acquired by these systems, the JPL researchers were able to produce time histories of subsidence at selected locations, as well as profiles showing how subsidence varies over space and time.
"This study represents an unprecedented use of multiple satellites and aircraft to map subsidence in California and address a practical problem we're all facing," said JPL research scientist and report co-author Tom Farr. "We're pleased to supply the California DWR with information they can use to better manage California's groundwater. It's like the old saying: 'you can't manage what you don't measure'."
Land near Corcoran in the Tulare basin sank 13 inches (33 centimeters) in just eight months -- about 1.6 inches (4 centimeters) per month. One area in the Sacramento Valley was sinking approximately half-an-inch (1.3 centimeters) per month, faster than previous measurements.
Using the UAVSAR data, NASA also found areas near the California Aqueduct sank up to 12.5 inches (32 centimeters), with 8 inches (20 centimeters) of that occurring in just four months of 2014.
"Subsidence is directly impacting the California Aqueduct, and this NASA technology is ideal for identifying which areas are subsiding the most in order to focus monitoring and repair efforts," said JPL research scientist and study co-author Cathleen Jones. "Knowledge is power, and in this case knowledge can save water and help the state better maintain this critical element of the state's water delivery system." UAVSAR flies on a C-20A research aircraft based at NASA's Armstrong Flight Research Center facility in Palmdale, California.
The increased subsidence rates have the potential to damage local, state and federal infrastructure, including aqueducts, bridges, roads and flood control structures. Long-term subsidence has already destroyed thousands of public and private groundwater well casings in the San Joaquin Valley. Over time, subsidence can permanently reduce the underground aquifer's water storage capacity.
"Groundwater acts as a savings account to provide supplies during drought, but the NASA report shows the consequences of excessive withdrawals as we head into the fifth year of historic drought," Director Cowin said. "We will work together with counties, local water districts, and affected communities to identify ways to slow the rate of subsidence and protect vital infrastructure such as canals, pumping stations, bridges and wells."
NASA will also continue its subsidence monitoring, using data from the European Space Agency's recently launched Sentinel-1 mission to cover a broader area and identify more vulnerable locations.
DWR also completed a recent land survey along the Aqueduct -- which found 70-plus miles (113-plus kilometers) in Fresno, Kings and Kern counties sank more than 1.25 feet (0.4 meters) in two years -- and will now conduct a system-wide evaluation of subsidence along the California Aqueduct and the condition of State Water Project facilities. The evaluation will help the department develop a capital improvement program to repair damage from subsidence. Past evaluations found that segments of the Aqueduct from Los Banos to Lost Hills sank more than 5 feet (1.5 meters) since construction.
NASA and the Indian Space Research Organisation are jointly developing the NASA-ISRO Synthetic Aperture Radar (NISAR) mission. Targeted to launch in 2020, NISAR will make global measurements of the causes and consequences of land surface changes. Potential areas of research include ecosystem disturbances, ice sheet collapse and natural hazards. The NISAR mission is optimized to measure subtle changes of Earth's surface associated with motions of the crust and ice surfaces. NISAR will improve our understanding of key impacts of climate change and advance our knowledge of natural hazards.
The full DWR news release is online at:
http://www.water.ca.gov/news/newsreleases/2015/081915.pdf (173 kb)
For more information, visit:
http://water.jpl.nasa.gov
http://uavsar.jpl.nasa.gov/
NASA uses the vantage point of space to increase our understanding of our home planet, improve lives and safeguard our future. NASA develops new ways to observe and study Earth's interconnected natural systems with long-term data records and shorter-term process-oriented studies. The agency freely shares this unique knowledge and works with institutions around the world to gain new insights into how our planet is changing.
For more information about NASA's Earth science activities, visit:
http://www.nasa.gov/earth
News Media Contact
Alan BuisJet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, California818-354-0474Alan.Buis@jpl.nasa.govTed ThomasCalifornia Department of Water Resources916-653-9712Ted.Thomas@water.ca.gov2015-273
Timothy Alexander Guzman, Silent Crow News - The Obama administration wants war with Syria. It has been planned for quite some time. It does not matter what kind of deal was made. It does not mean that the crisis in Syria is over and that a peaceful solution is in a matter of time. The US will attempt anything to get into another war including a “False Flag” operation, which could be well on its way. Syria has just been given a week to declare its chemical weapons with the condition to allow international inspectors into the country. The deal was reached between US Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian counterpart Sergei Lavrov in Geneva. At the press conference before the agreement, Kerry had said “Sure, they could turn over every single bit of their chemical weapons to the international community in the next week – turn it over, all of it without delay and allow the full and total accounting, but they aren't about to do it and it can't be done“. No matter what Russia and the international community do to prevent any escalation of war, the Obama administration wants to launch strikes destabilizing the Assad government and the Middle East. President Bashar al-Assad will not accept continued US threats against their country while Western backed rebels are committing atrocities against civilians, most recently the attack on the Christian city of Maaloula. Syrian government forces eventually regained control of Maaloula. The talks between the US and Russia does not necessarily mean that a peace process will be established after a 2-year civil war. The possibility of a False Flag operation will be an option for the US government. A False Flag operation can take place since the majority of governments and people around the world (including the American people) are against a US attack on Syria.
The stage is set. RT News recently reported that multiple sources had informed them that the rebels were going to launch a chemical attack on Israel to cause a “major provocation” to blame the Assad government. Israel would then retaliate with US forces on standby. But that did not happen, because it was possible that RT News exposed it just in time. Syria is part of the chess game as Former General Wesley Clark clearly stated to Amy Goodman of Democracy Now in 2007:
AMY GOODMAN: Do you see a replay in what happened in the lead-up to the war with Iraq — the allegations of the weapons of mass destruction, the media leaping onto the bandwagon?
GEN. WESLEY CLARK: Well, in a way. But, you know, history doesn't repeat itself exactly twice. What I did warn about when I testified in front of Congress in 2002, I said if you want to worry about a state, it shouldn't be Iraq, it should be Iran. But this government, our administration, wanted to worry about Iraq, not Iran.
I knew why, because I had been through the Pentagon right after 9/11. About ten days after 9/11, I went through the Pentagon and I saw Secretary Rumsfeld and Deputy Secretary Wolfowitz. I went downstairs just to say hello to some of the people on the Joint Staff who used to work for me, and one of the generals called me in. They said, “Sir, you've got to come in and talk to me a second.” I said, “Well, you're too busy.” They said, “No, no.” They say, “We've made the decision we're going to war with Iraq.” This was on or about the 20th of September. I said, “We're going to war with Iraq? Why?” They said, “I don't know.” They said, “I guess they don't know what else to do.” So I said, “Well, did they find some information connecting Saddam to al-Qaeda?” They said, “No, no.” They say, “There's nothing new that way. They just made the decision to go to war with Iraq.” They said, “I guess it's like we don't know what to do about terrorists, but we've got a good military and we can take down governments.” And they said, “I guess if the only tool you have is a hammer, every problem has to look like a nail.”
So I came back to see them a few weeks later, and by that time we were bombing in Afghanistan. I said, “Are we still going to war with Iraq?” And they said, “Oh, it's worse than that.” They reached over on their desk. They picked up a piece of paper. And they said, “I just got this down from upstairs” — meaning the Secretary of Defense's office — “today.” And they said, “This is a memo that describes how we're going to take out seven countries in five years, starting with Iraq, and then Syria, Lebanon, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and, finishing off, Iran.” I said, “Is it classified?” They said, “Yes, sir.” I said, “Well, don't show it to me.” And I saw them a year or so ago, and I said, “You remember that?” They said, “Sir, I didn't show you that memo! I didn't show it to you!”
Washington has invaded Iraq in 2003. It had ordered a NATO attack on Libya resulting in the death of its long time president Muammar Gaddafi leaving the country in chaos. Sudan has been divided which paved the way for south Sudan's independence with Washington's help. Somalia is targeted by Central Intelligence Agency's (CIA) drone war. Lebanon is constantly targeted by the Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) and intelligence apparatus (Mossad). The last conflict between Lebanon and Israel was in 2006 when Hezbollah repelled Israel's attack leading to its defeat. Syria is a definitive target on Washington's list. The Obama administration is relentless in its pursuit to start another war. Syria is the next target for Washington and Tel Aviv. If Washington and their allies defeat Syria and Iran, then their goal of controlling the Middle East will become a reality.
The US also wanted war in Vietnam and created the Gulf of Tonkin incident. The Vietnam War was “allegedly” about the Domino Theory, If America loses one nation to communism then they will lose every country in Southeast Asia. Western powers of Britain, France and the United States chose Vietnam, a country located in close proximity to China to prevent the so-called “Spread of Communism” but it was really about war profits for the Military-Industrial Complex and containing China. The Gulf of Tonkin incident was a False Flag operation designed to blame North Vietnam. On August 5th, 1964 the Washington Post published a story titled “American Planes Hit North Vietnam After Second Attack on Our Destroyers; Move Taken to Halt New Aggression.” The New York Times also reported the same incident titled “President Johnson has ordered retaliatory action against gunboats and `certain supporting facilities in North Vietnam' after renewed attacks against American destroyers in the Gulf of Tonkin.” The problem with both stories is that here was no second attack by North Vietnam. It was the start of the Vietnam War. It was a lie perpetrated by the Johnson administration that caused the lives of millions of Vietnamese and more than 50,000 Americans including 10's of thousands more permanently injured and disabled. The official story by the White House and its propaganda media outlets was that North Vietnamese torpedo boats launched an “unprovoked attack” against the USS Maddox, during a signals intelligence patrol. It was part of DESOTO operations or intelligence collection in enemy territory. The USS Maddox was confronted by three North Vietnamese Navy torpedo boats of the 135th Torpedo Squadron. A sea battle soon began that resulted in the deaths of four North Vietnamese sailors with six wounded. The U.S. suffered no casualties. Then on August 4th, 1964 the second Tonkin Gulf incident was claimed by the National Security Agency (NSA) that another sea battle took place through false radar images. There were no North Vietnamese torpedo boats attacking any US ships in the Gulf of Tonkin. The truth is that they USS Maddox was engaged in intelligence-gathering maneuvers and at the same time in coordination with South Vietnamese navy and Laotian Air Force attacking North Vietnam. Daniel C. Hallin, scholar and author of “The “Uncensored War”: The Media and Vietnam said that “the day before, two attacks on North Vietnam had taken place” the attacks by the US Navy was “part of a campaign of increasing military pressure on the North that the United States had been pursuing since early 1964.” President Johnson ordered U.S. bombers to “retaliate” for the North Vietnamese torpedo attack on the US Navy. Many officials in Washington had expressed doubts that an attack by North Vietnam had occurred. Why? Several factors were considered such as the cables from the U.S. task force commander in the Gulf of Tonkin Captain John J. Herrick referred to “freak weather effects,” to “almost total darkness” and even an “overeager sonar man” who according to Herrick “was hearing ship's own propeller beat.” By 1965, President Johnson stated that “For all I know, our Navy was shooting at whales out there.” The New York Times said that the president “went to the American people last night with the somber facts.” It was a lie. The same lie the Obama administration and the Main Stream Media (MSM) is committing against the American people. CNN has reported that the US was training Syrian rebels (including members of Al Nusrah, an affiliate of Al Qaeda) in Jordan and Turkey on “how to monitor and secure stockpiles” of chemical weapons back in 2012.
Washington's ambitious plan to proceed with an attack on Syria is a dangerous step towards another World War, one that would involve the entire Middle East including Iran, Russia and China. Why is Washington so determined to start a war with Syria? Is it because its dollar supremacy is at the end of its reign? Or is it because China and its BRICS partners including Brazil, Russia, India and South Africa will eventually trade in a future gold-backed Yuan and other currencies that would be an alternative to the US dollar and the Euro? Or is it that the world no longer wants to follow America's foreign and economic policies? Washington has been a destabilizing force throughout the world. It has been a force for economic exploitation and war. The world wants change and Washington knows this. It can only maintain its “Superpower” Status by controlling the vast resources of the Middle East which emerging economic powers such as China depend on. By controlling the resources, China, Russia and the rest of the world would have to be under the dictate of Washington and its Multinational corporations. Time is running out for the US because its economy and living standards is in decline. It is the largest debtor nation in history with close to 17 trillion dollars not including social security and Medicare. If you add social security, Medicare and other debt obligations, then the total debt is more than “70 Trillion dollars” according to David Walker who served as United States Comptroller General in the Government Accountability Office from 1998 to 2008. The US military is stretched to the limit. And their dictatorships they support in the Middle East are rapidly losing their grip on their populations. The time is now for war. Washington is capable of doing anything to start a war, even another Gulf of Tonkin incident. Let's be clear about Washington's concern for chemical weapons in the Middle East. If they really cared about the victims or potential future victims of chemical or nuclear weapons, they would abolish their own stockpiles which they have used in Vietnam (Agent Orange), Iraq (Fallujah with white phosphorous) and Japan (the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki).
One Patriot misstep allowed the Packers' Jordy Nelson to break away for a 45-yard TD catch late in the first half Sunday.
The final score on Sunday was 26-21, so I don't need to tell you that the Patriots-Packers game was a close one. But the Patriots didn't necessarily lose this game because they abandoned the run game, or didn't get enough pressure on Aaron Rodgers, or couldn't connect on deep passes.
Three seemingly minor plays, in a three-minute stretch at the end of the second quarter and beginning of the third quarter, had a major effect on the outcome. Had any of the three plays gone the Patriots' way, the outcome could have been much different.
The first one came right after the two-minute warning, with the Patriots trailing, 16-7, but driving inside the Packers' 10-yard line. On first and goal from the 7, Tom Brady threw incomplete to Brandon LaFell in the back of the end zone after feeling some pressure.
Advertisement
The incompletion itself wasn't a huge deal — Brady threw a touchdown to LaFell two plays later. But, more importantly, the play only ran five seconds off the clock, down to 1:51. The Patriots ran the ball on second down, and scored their touchdown on a play that began with 1:14 left in the half – way too much time for Aaron Rodgers, who then led the Packers 81 yards for a backbreaking touchdown.
Get Sports Headlines in your inbox: The most recent sports headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
We're not second-guessing the play call, but I bet in a moment of honesty, Bill Belichick and Josh McDaniels wish they had run the ball on first down to run some more time off the clock.
The second play was the Packers' touchdown itself, a 45-yarder to Jordy Nelson. The play proved that one tiny little misstep can have a disastrous effect.
Darrelle Revis thought they had help over the top from Devin McCourty, so opened their hips to funnel Nelson into the middle of the field. McCourty, though, didn't diagnose the play correctly. They took two steps toward the sideline, thinking it would be a deep sideline fade, and had their back turned to the alley in which Nelson would streak down the field.
When Nelson caught the ball in stride, McCourty had to plant, turn around, accelerate from 0 and try to catch up with Nelson, who was already in a full sprint. Game over.
Advertisement
The third play came on third and 13 with 14:25 left in the third quarter. Brady and the offense set up at the line of scrimmage with 16 seconds left on the play clock. Brady played with the protection and called audibles at the line of scrimmage, and burned a timeout just before taking a delay of game penalty. But taking the penalty probably was the best course of action on a low-percentage play like third and 13.
The Patriots sorely missed that timeout at the end of the game, when the Packers kneeled the ball out with two minutes left and the Patriots out of timeouts.
One incompletion. Two false steps. And one timeout. Add up the tiny miscues, and it led to a heartbreaking Patriots loss.
Other observations after watching the game:
When the Patriots had the ball
■ Thought the Patriots would try to get their power running game going with LeGarrette Blount and Jonas Gray, but their inability to do so was mostly a function of getting behind the chains with penalties, having quick drives fizzle out to start the first and second half, and trailing by more than one score for a good chunk of the game.
Advertisement
■ The Patriots used the two-tight end set on 29 of 56 snaps to try to take advantage of matchups against the Packers linebackers and safeties. They also had success throwing the ball over the middle of the field to Rob Gronkowski and Brandon LaFell, who did a good job of finding holes in the Packers' zone defense.
■ LaFell has really become Brady's security blanket – three of nine drives began with a pass to LaFell, plus three targets in the red zone.
■ Brady also showed tremendous pocket movement and ability to avoid the rush. I wonder if he's been taking boxing lessons – the movement needed to maneuver in the pocket is similar to a fighter in the ring. He's still not giving their receivers a chance on deep balls, though.
■ Blount only had 10 carries and 19 snaps, but they made them count. Of their 58 rushing yards, I counted 44 after initial contact. Those back-to-back 13-yard runs at the start of the fourth quarter are among the best you'll ever see. And Brandon Bolden did a nice job in only six snaps, making three Packers defenders miss on their touchdown run. Ryan Wendell and Gronk had the key blocks on that run, and Bolden did the rest himself. Still don't understand why the Patriots continue to run Shane Vereen up the middle, though. I know you have to keep defenses honest with them in the game, but running them into the teeth of the defense is not a high-percentage play.
■ An OK game from the offensive line overall. Wendell had some great run blocks, springing Bolden for a 12-yard run in addition to the touchdown. Nate Solder had a clean game until the fourth quarter, when they allowed Clay Matthews to hit Brady on the incompletion to Gronk in the end zone, and then was beaten around the edge by Mike Neal for the crucial sack that ruined any chance of a late touchdown. Dan Connolly got pushed around by Josh Boyd in the run game, got bullrushed by Mike Daniels and was busted for holding, then allowed the pressure from Daniels on that sack with Neal late in the fourth. Bryan Stork also got pushed around by Letroy Guion and Daniels, and Marcus Cannon was totally ineffective in their seven snaps as the sixth offensive lineman. They were beaten badly by Matthews, who got their hand on the football as Brady released their pass. The Patriots need Cameron Fleming back in that role.
When the Packers had the ball
■ The Patriots' game plan was obvious – drop seven or eight into coverage and keep Rodgers contained in the pocket. They utilized a lot of zone pressure to try to confuse them – not only did Rob Ninkovich drop off into coverage, but Akeem Ayers was active in this regard, as well – but the first time they truly blitzed them (sending five rushers) came with 23 seconds left in the first half. The result of the play? You guessed it — Nelson's touchdown. The Patriots only blitzed four times in 41 dropbacks. Rodgers completed three of those passes for 59 yards, and the fourth was Davante Adams's dropped touchdown.
■ The tactics gave Rodgers all day to throw. Using the Greg Bedard Memorial Stopwatch, I counted seven plays in which Rodgers had an absurd amount of time to throw. There was a third and 8 in the first quarter in which 5.6 seconds elapsed between Rodgers receiving the snap and releasing the throw (the pass was incomplete). They had 6.4 seconds to find Adams for 33 yards on a broken play, and 3.8 seconds to find Richard Rodgers for their 32-yard touchdown. But they threw incomplete on the last four of such plays, having 4.9 seconds, 6.3 seconds, 4.25 seconds, and a whopping 11.6 seconds to try to find a receiver. Simply an admirable effort by the Patriots cornerbacks for hanging with their receivers.
■ The Patriots became so consumed with containing Rodgers that on third and 7 in the fourth quarter, they only rushed two defenders, and formed a three-man wall at the line of scrimmage to spy on Rodgers. They found Andrew Quarless for a 9-yard gain and a first down, anyway.
■ The defense settled down once Logan Ryan (who bit badly on a double move by Adams for a 45-yarder) was replaced in the lineup by Kyle Arrington. Revis moved over to Nelson, Browner to Adams, and Arrington to Randall Cobb, though they mixed and matched throughout the second half. The Patriots tried to play two-deep zone, but Eddie Lacy's hard running (98 yards on 4.7 yards per carry) forced them to bring Patrick Chung down into the box and leave McCourty alone up top. Chung played 72 of 73 snaps and had another solid tackling performance in the run game.
■ Some great scheming by Mike McCarthy in this one. No, Ninkovich wasn't supposed to be matched up one-on-one on Cobb running a wheel route, but Arrington got picked by Adams and couldn't get over there in time to stop the 33-yard catch.
■ Dont'a Hightower gets my vote for Most Improved Patriot this year. They have been fantastic in all phases of the game, and was excellent once again Sunday. They were decisive in the run game, with many of their 10 tackles coming near the line of scrimmage and one for loss. They were always in the right place in zone coverage. And they had a pressure and a sack, the latter of which came on a three rush – Ayers and Ninkovich both dropped off into zone, and Hightower came screaming through untouched.
■ Not a good game for Jamie Collins in the run game, however. They were a step slow in recognizing the holes and took some bad angles. They did an admirable job of covering Lacy in the passing game, however. They filled up the stat sheet with 13 tackles, a sack, and a forced fumble, but the numbers don't tell the whole story.
■ The front four held their own against the Packers' run game, and actually got a decent amount of pressure on Rodgers despite not getting much help. DT Alan Branch had some nice stuffs in the run game and contributed well in their 22 snaps. Chris Jones also held their own in the run game, and was rewarded with a coverage sack. Ninkovich was burned on those two wheel routes, but once again was relentless with their pass rush and run coverage, with a nice tackle for loss in the third quarter. Ayers also had a couple of pressures against LT David Bakhtiari.
Special teams
■ Tough day to kick the ball, as witnessed by two reliable kickers missing makeable kicks – Mason Crosby from 40 yards and Stephen Gostkowski from 47. Gostkowski didn't have a touchback in four kickoffs, the first time this season he's been shut out, while only two of Crosby's seven kickoffs went for touchbacks.
Week 13: Packers 26, Patriots 21
Ben Volin can be reached at ben.volin@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @BenVolin
The dramatic growth of Kentucky's bourbon industry has some observers wondering how long the boom can last.
But the president of the Kentucky Distiller's Association says the rosy forecast is set to continue for the foreseeable future.
For industry observers, it seems like every week brings news of yet another distillery expansion or visitor center ribbon-cutting. And the trend shows no signs of slowing. Association president Eric Gregory tells cn|2 Pure Politics a University of Louisville economic impact study for the bourbon industry produced results so good the organization had them triple-checked.
"I really think that it's going to last for a long time," they said. "The distilleries have got experts who are a lot smarter than I am that are looking and forecasting bourbon production and sales 5, 10, even 20 years out. And they're predicting a bright future or else they wouldn't be spending these hundreds of millions of dollars in investment to put back a product that won't mature and be bottled for 5, 10, or 12 years."
While lawmakers in Frankfort signed off on tax breaks on bourbon aging this year, Gregory says they would like to see the General Assembly increase sample sizes for distilleries that produce four or five brands.
The full 2014 economic impact report has yet to be released, but a 2012 study predicted the industry was poised to create more than 9,000 jobs and generate roughly $125 million in taxes.
Baltimore issued nearly 340,000 parking tickets totaling more than $16 million in fines in 2016, according to a study released this month by the Law Offices of Randolph Rice.
Parking meter violations were the most common, making up $3 million of the fines, followed by street-cleaning violations ($2.4 million), tow-away zones ($1.9 million) and residential-permit-only areas ($1.3 million), the study said.
But Baltimoreans and city visitors pay less in parking tickets than their counterparts in San Francisco, New York and Los Angeles. While those cities have far larger populations, they also paid more in fines per capita. Baltimoreans paid an average of $25.79 per person, while San Franciscans paid $98.84, New Yorkers paid $67.21 and Angelenos paid $38.07, the study said.
"It doesn't seem to be the case, compared to other cities, that Baltimore is trying to fleece its residents and tourists," Rice said Tuesday.
Rice said their firm studied the publicly available data to find out where cars were most often being ticketed. Their personal injury and criminal defense firm doesn't handle many parking violations, which often can't be lowered much by going to court.
"Most people just pay them," Rice said.
Tickets were most frequent on Cross Street, adjacent to the market at the center of Federal Hill's popular bar and restaurant scene. The study said 3,400 tickets costing more than $112,000 were issued there. Parking violations in the first blocks of Calvert Street, near the downtown courthouses; Paca Street, near the University of Maryland Medical Center; and Gay Street, adjacent to the Baltimore Police Central District station, racked up the next highest fine totals.
CAPTION A month after five died in a targeted attack on the Capital Gazette newsroom, thousands gathered to celebrate the free press and honor first responders. (Jay Reed video) A month after five died in a targeted attack on the Capital Gazette newsroom, thousands gathered to celebrate the free press and honor first responders. (Jay Reed video) CAPTION A neighbor talks about a body that was found in a vacant home in West Baltimore. (Kevin Richardson / Baltimore Sun video) A neighbor talks about a body that was found in a vacant home in West Baltimore. (Kevin Richardson / Baltimore Sun video)
The study encouraged people to pay close attention to the times on signs and meters, which vary depending on the area and day of the week.
Ticketing was the highest on Wednesdays — perhaps due to street cleanings, Rice said — and the most tickets were issued at 11 a.m. of any time of day, the study said. The fewest were doled out at 5 a.m., with a large spike at 8 a.m., when meter enforecement officers begin their rounds. Sundays, when some meters don't operate, had the fewest tickets of any day of the week, the study said.
The Baltimore Department of Transportation launched a new site, "Find My Tow," on Monday that allows drivers to locate their impounded vehicles. A vehicle owner can plug in their or their license plate number and find out whether the car has been towed, and if so, where it is, and how much is owed in fees.
The city uses two impound lots for vehicles that are abandoned, illegally parked or involved in crashes: the Pulaski Highway Impound and Storage Facility, at 6700 Pulaski Highway, and a secondary lot at 410 Fallsway.
"Keep in mind," Rice's study noted, "that these numbers are only initial fines and do not include figures for towing and penalties for failure to pay fines."
Those penalties can add up, Rice said. One client had a collections agency send them a $900 bill for a long-unpaid parking ticket, with a threat that the Maryland Motor Vehicle Administration could suspend their license, the attorney said.
"Twenty-five dollars can balloon," Rice said.
cmcampbell@baltsun.com
@cmcampbell6
Vice President Joe Biden continues to be a source of classic comedy from the White House, as they made a pretty awkward joke at the American Association of Community Colleges Monday about who they go to bed with every night…
Just for a quick bit of background, Second Lady Jill Biden is a community college teacher and said at the event, in introducing their husband, that they “knows the value of a community college education––and not just because he's married to a community college teacher.”
The vice president acknowledged those words when they said, “I think I'd have the same attitude, did I not sleep with a community college professor every night.”
Biden, of course, had to quickly clarify what they meant as people started giggling, and you can watch how the moment unfolded below, via ABC News:
[h/t WFB]
[photo via screengrab]
— —
Follow Josh Feldman on Twitter: @feldmaniac
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
The government is also considering granting visas on arrival to travelers who already have permits in their passports to travel to the US, U.K., Canada “or any other country that applies stringent checks on visitors to their countries, to ease travel for tourists,” Apleni told reporters on Friday in the capital, Pretoria.
story_article_left1
South Africa is seeking to ease some restrictions after tourist operators objected to new rules requiring travelers from countries such as China to apply for permits in person and for minor children to carry a detailed birth document when traveling. The industry estimated the stricter laws would cost the economy R7.5 billion a year in lost revenue.
The government “is striking the balance between the need for state security, which is paramount and important and balancing that with the important economic driver that tourism is in our country,” David Frost, chief executive officer of the Southern Africa Tourism Services Association, told reporters in Pretoria.
Systems to capture biometric information are being tested at international airports in three cities and Chinese tour operators accredited by their country's government and the South African Department of Tourism will be able to apply for visas on behalf of their customers, Apleni said. Business people and academics from Africa also have the option of applying for 10- year multiple-entry visas, they said.
- Bloomberg
Righty pitching prospect Shane Watson is dealing with another setback related to their throwing shoulder. The Phillies' first round draft choice from 2012 visited team physician Michael Ciccotti in Philadelphia this week and was diagnosed with an enlarged capsule. Watson is back in Florida and is slated to rehab the injury through early next week at which time they will be reevaluated. If the shoulder hasn't improved at that time, surgery will be in order to correct the issue.
Watson and Dr. Ciccotti are optimistic about a return to the mound, whether surgery is needed or not.
The 20-year-old missed considerable time during the 2013 regular season with inflammation in the joint then rehabbed the ailment at the Phillies' spring training headquarters in Clearwater, FL through the closing months of the season and throughout the fall instructional league season.
After a rough start to the 2013 regular season, in which they posted a 6.35 ERA in their first 12 starts with Class A Lakewood, the California native sported a 0.86 ERA in their final four outings prior to being sidelined in July. Overall in 16 starts, Watson posted a 4-6 record, a 6.62 K/9 mark and a .230 batting average against.
Watson will be a guest on the PhoulBallz Podcast on Thursday to further address the concerns with their health.
Michael Brissenden reported this story on Wednesday, July 29, 2015 08:00:00
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: The United Nations will decide later this week whether it should set up an independent criminal tribunal to prosecute the people who shot down Malaysian Airlines flight MH17.
The plane came down last July over rebel-held east Ukraine during heavy fighting between the Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russian separatists.
All 298 passengers and crew, including 39 from Australia, onboard the flight from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur were killed.
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop is in New York to lobby nations to support the motion and I spoke to them a short time ago.
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: Julie Bishop, you had a series of meetings today. Are you now hopeful that this motion to establish an independent criminal tribunal will get up?
JULIE BISHOP: Michael, I am in New York to meet with representatives of the Security Council nations to shore up support for a Security Council resolution to establish a tribunal so that the perpetrators of the downing of MH17 can be held to account.
I have to say, at the end of my day, I'm optimistic that we have a high level of support. But whether one of the permanent five nations will veto the resolution is yet to be seen.
I believe we have a significant amount of support. Most nations that I've spoken to understand the need for an independent, impartial tribunal, and that can be delivered if the Security Council is able to establish it.
But I'm not sure whether we will get all of the 15 members on board. I'm optimistic but there's always a chance of a veto.
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: And Russia is the one that could veto it, isn't it? It's almost certain now that it was a Russian-backed separatist who shot the plane down. It's a big call for Vladimir Putin to agree to such international action, isn't it?
JULIE BISHOP: Last year Russia backed resolution 2166, which called for a ceasefire between Russia and Ukraine, or the Russian-backed rebels in Ukraine, so that we could access the site to retrieve the bodies and remains.
Secondly, it called for investigations into the crash and they have been underway.
And thirdly, it demanded, the resolution demanded that those responsible for this atrocity be held to account and that all states cooperate in determining accountability.
So we are taking what is the logical third step in what was a unanimous resolution - and I did remind the Russian representative today that Russia had backed the ceasefire, the retrieval of the bodies, the investigations, and so of course it was logical that it should back the setting up of the tribunal which would be able to investigate the causes of the crash and to hold those responsible to account.
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: Right, so you have met with the Russian representative; did they follow that logic? What was the response?
JULIE BISHOP: Russia had many arguments as to why a tribunal should not be set up and a tribunal by the Security Council should not be set up. But I did ask again that they seek instructions from Moscow to not veto the proposed resolution because I believe we have the requisite number to get the resolution passed, subject to a veto.
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: So it's fair to say you haven't persuaded them yet.
JULIE BISHOP: Well I won't know until we walk into the Security Council. As happened 12 months ago, I couldn't say with any certainty whether we had Russia's support or not. It ended up supporting us but at this stage Russia has said that it would veto.
But I then had a long conversation with the ambassador and I asked them to go back to Moscow to seek instructions to not use its veto and that Russia should reserve its veto for matters which really count towards Russia's national interest, and this would not serve Russia's national interest in seeking to deny the families of those aboard MH17 justice.
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: Okay, could we quickly turn to a couple of other domestic issues, ones that you would have been across - the calls for more women in Parliament. I know that you don't back quotas for the Liberal Party, but what about targets which are being talked about?
JULIE BISHOP: Well we certainly do have targets. We look to increase the number of women pre-selected.
We believe that democracy will be better served with greater diversity among elected representatives.
All political parties, including the Liberal party, should strive to attract the best possible candidates for election.
If we were to reflect the make-up of the Australian community, we would be seeking at least 50 per cent of the Parliament would be made up of women.
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: Would you like to see that as the target?
JULIE BISHOP: Well, candidates should be selected on merit, but the Liberal Party is mindful of the need to attract a diverse range of candidates, including more women.
We've got a strong record of pre-selecting women in Liberal seats, as well as in marginal seats, and many women have successfully retained their seats.
I note that the Labor Party has in the past claimed it embraces affirmative action but in practice, it abandons that affirmative action whenever a male - usually a former union boss - claims a seat that would otherwise be reserved for a woman.
So history shows that any quota Labor introduces will be no protection against the will of the unions.
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: But some of your female Liberal colleagues certainly in the last couple of days have seemed certainly less than happy with the female representation in the Liberal Party, some called yesterday for targets of around 30 per cent. Do you think that those things should be concrete?
JULIE BISHOP: I believe that merit should be the overriding element for pre-selection and election. But of course we should always strive to increase the level of diversity in the Parliament - not just in relation to women but across the pre-selection and election process.
And in the case of women, I'm not sure why 30 per cent would be seen as a target. Why not aim for 50 per cent if it's to be truly representative?
So I don't think that setting targets that aren't going to be met is useful. I don't think setting quotas that are abandoned when it doesn't suit male union bosses to take a seat should be necessarily the answer.
I think that we all understand that the greater the diversity, the stronger our democracy will be, and so the Liberal Party's mindful of that.
Certainly as a female deputy leader of the party I'm very concerned to mentor women who are interested in entering parliament. I believe very much in formal and informal mentoring programs and processes and I do my very best to encourage women to enter public office - whether it be at a local, state or federal level.
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: Okay, just quickly on the speaker, Bronwyn Bishop, is their position now untenable?
JULIE BISHOP: I understand that the Department of Finance is carrying out an investigation into a number of the claims that have been made and I think it's appropriate that the Department of Finance be able to continue that investigation and I'll await the outcome of it.
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: But if it's not, if they don't produce the paperwork that their travel was approved by the committee that they say it was, should they resign?
JULIE BISHOP: Well this is a matter for the Department of Finance. I'm not going to pre-empt what Speaker Bishop says to the Department of Finance and I'm not going to pre-empt the Department of Finance's enquiries or findings.
So obviously this matter has a way to run. We are all obliged to comply with the guidelines for our travel allowances and all members of parliament have to account for it. And so therefore the Department of Finance should be allowed to continue its investigation and Speaker Bishop should be given an opportunity to provide what information they require.
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: Okay, Julie Bishop, thanks very much for your time. We'll leave it there.
JULIE BISHOP: Thanks, Michael.
MICHAEL BRISSENDEN: That's the Foreign Minister Julie Bishop on the line from New York.
Washington: Russian warplanes have carried out airstrikes to support Turkey's offensive in northern Syria against the Islamic State, an important evolution in a budding Russian-Turkish partnership. The deepening ties threaten to marginalise the United States in the struggle to shape Syria's ultimate fate.
The air missions, which took place for about a week near the strategically important town of Al Bab, represent the Kremlin's first use of its military might to help the Turks in their fight against the militant group. The Russians seized an opening to try to build a military relationship with Turkey, a NATO member, as the US has sought to keep the emphasis on taking Raqqa, the Islamic State's self-declared capital.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, left, and Russian President Vladimir Putin. Credit:AP
The Russian bombing is a remarkable turnabout from November 2015, when a Turkish F-16 fighter jet shot down a Russian Su-24 attack plane that had violated Turkey's airspace.
Russia and Turkey had been involved in a joint effort to establish a cease-fire in Syria - one that does not involve the US. At the same time, ties between the US and Turkey have come under growing strain as the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, has become increasingly alarmed about the Kurdish forces known as the YPG. The US has aligned itself with those forces to combat the Islamic State in Syria and capture Raqqa.
Following the scheduling conflict-caused departure of the actor who portrayed the character in the fourth season of Arrow, the CW has tapped Maisie Richardson-Sellers to play DC Comics hero Vixen on Arrow‘s sister series DC's Legends of Tomorrow. Richardson-Sellers will succeed Megalyn Echikunwoke, joining Legends as a series regular and newest crewmember of the Waverider when the show returns October 13 at 8 PM on the CW.
Rather than a straight recasting of the role, Legends of Tomorrow is taking advantage of the show's time travel premise, bringing on Richardson-Sellers as a different incarnation of Vixen from an earlier point in time. In the comics, Vixen is the latest in a long line of heroes who, thanks to powers derived from the Tantu Totem, given to them by African mythological hero Anansi, can assume the abilities of any animal that exists on earth, along with a healing factor that makes them hard to kill. Created by writer Gerry Conway and artist Bob Oksner in 1978, the character has notably fought alongside DC's Suicide Squad and was later a member of The Justice League, most recently as part of DC Comics' 2011 “New 52” reboot.
Richardson-Sellers will be playing Amaya Jiwe, grandmother to Echikunwoke's Mari Jiwe McCabe. The twist will allow Echikunwoke to continue to voice the character on the online animated Arrowverse spinoff Vixen, and may possibly leave the door open to a cross-generational team up later down the line.
Maisie Richardson-Sellers is best known for playing Rebekah Mikaelson/Eva Sinclair on the CW's The Originals, and on television most recently portrayed Saul's daughter, Michal, on Of Kings and Prophets. They also appeared in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. She's repped by UTA, Suzy Brierley at Denton/Brierley, Lena Roklin at Luber-Roklin Management and James Adams.
Usually, when I do this post I add posters for movies that everyone has heard of. I try to keep it filled with the most anticipated films, and then sprinkle in a few of the lesser known ones. Well, today is an example when the weird and disturbing posters have taken the blockbusters by storm.
The World's End
Everyone knows this is going to be good. So, far so good.
Absence
Winner of the “Biggest WTF Award” goes to this poster for Absence. Wow.
Blue Jasmine
Back to reality. I mean, it's definitely not a poster that mixes things up. Classic, Woody Allen.
Chastity Bites
This looks… fun? Do they bite blades? Why is a guy dressed like V for Vendetta behind her?
The Conjuring
Are you my daddy?
Man of Steel
The character posters for Man of Steel have been released, and here's Henry Cavill as Superman.
Man of Steel
Michael Shannon as General Zod, reporting for duty. Apparently, no one told Zack Snyder that they were using J.J. Abrams' lens flare technique.
Maniac
It's bad luck to see the bride before the wedding.
Metallica Through the Never
Yes, I shoehorned this one in there. Go see this movie, or Napster and Limp Bizkit will come back.
We're the Millers
I think this poster, like this movie, looks way more generic than it really is.
Written By Shane Shane is a very talented writer that has been scribbling in notepads for most of their life. They love all things movie related. Their favorite film genres are Bill Murray, Super Heroes, and comedy. They love talking movies, so leave them comments, please.
It's big. It's blue. Did I mention that it's big?
While most of Buffalo was watching the Bills game, a work crew began to skin the “six pack” of grain silos at RiverWorks, The work has the mark of Earl Ketry (Pearl Street, Pan Am Brewery, etc) all over it. Earl is the type of guy who believes that you have to go big or go home. Earl is also the type of guy who is a big fan of establishing key strategic relationships. Over the years they have teamed up with Labatt (US headquarters in Buffalo) to create a lot of hype around their projects.
I was once told that Earl's local endeavors, when pooled together, position the beer mogul as Labatt's largest restaurant client in the country. Just this past year Earl managed to create a home for the Labatt Pond Hockey tournament at RiverWorks, which helps to solidify the relationship between the two. Now that relationship has produced significant branding, as the giant Labatt Blue six pack towers over RiverWorks.
As I took these photos, boaters circled the waters of the Buffalo River documenting the accomplishment and shouting “awesome!” The image below helps to give it some scale – check out the kayakers ogling the blue creation from the Buffalo River.
Buffalo was recently ranked as a top tier city for quality of life standards (see here). Once RiverWorks opens, there's going to be just one more reason to enjoy our waterfront, which is one of the greatest assets that we have and is now contributing to the rebirth of Buffalo more than ever. The partnership between Labatt and RiverWorks will ensure that this development project stays strong for years to come, providing visitors with ice skating, curling, concerts, a passive beach, a brewery, and a bunch of other amenities that have yet to be disclosed.
Because electricity and heat account for 41 percent of global carbon dioxide emissions, curbing climate change will require satisfying much of that demand with renewables rather than fossil fuels. But solar and wind come with their own up-front carbon costs. Photovoltaics require much more aluminum—for panel frames and other uses—than other technologies do, according to a 2011 study at Leiden University in the Netherlands. Alloys for wind turbines demand lots of nickel. Those metals are carbon culprits because they are produced in large amounts by high-energy extracting and refining processes.
The demand for metals, and their already significant carbon footprint, may grow with a switch to green energy. Given all the resources needed for new infrastructure, an analysis last year found that large solar installations take one to seven years to “break even” with coal power on the greenhouse scorecard. Wind farms take from less than one year up to 12 years.* All the more reason to make the switch sooner than later.
*Clarification (9/30/2013): This sentence was edited after publication to note the low-end estimate for wind energy's greenhouse payback time, which is more reflective of modern wind turbines.
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN ONLINE
For more on renewables, go to ScientificAmerican.com/oct2013/graphic-science
I am not even going to bother with chit chat. Let's just talk about these fries. They are insane. Beyond what I could have ever expected in a French fry. Heaven in a cast iron skillet. Amazing. These might even edge out my love for these babies.
Of all of the things in Joy the Baker's new cookbook, it surprised me that this was the first thing that I chose to make. Let's be honest, I am more of a sweet than a savory. If you read this blog regularly, you might have gotten a sense that I have a bit of a sweet tooth. You know what got me though? The cornstarch. It is an intriguing ingredient in a French fry, is it not? It helps crisp up the potatoes. The seasoning blend is smoky and spicy and the cheese and ranch help to cool the whole thing down. And the bacon? Well, why not? These were so good, that it was hard to take pictures because all I wanted to do was finish so that I could eat them.
2 Tablespoons cornstarch
2 teaspoons chili powder
1 teaspoon chipotle chili powder
1/2 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon cumin
pinch salt
1 pound bag fingerling potatoes (or 2 medium russet potatoes)
2 Tablespoons olive oil
1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce
1 Tablespoon grill seasoning
3/4 cup shredded cheddar cheese
2 Tablespoons chopped chives
6 slices bacon, cooked and crumbled
homemade ranch dressing
Mix together cornstarch, chili powders, paprika, cumin, and a pinch of salt. You can add red pepper flakes and a pinch of cayenne if you want, but I didn't want to make these too spicy in case the kids wanted to try them.
I did not have any regular potatoes, only fingerlings, so I gave them a half peel, and cut them into wedges. Add them to a large bowl, toss the potatoes with olive oil, Worcestershire sauce, and grill seasoning.
Sprinkle the cornstarch mixture over the potatoes.
Toss until the potatoes are completely coated. Line a baking sheet with parchment paper, and spray with cooking spray. Put the oven rack in the center of the oven, and preheat to 425 degrees. Arrange the potatoes on the baking sheet in a single layer. Bake for 30 to 40 minutes. Give them a toss a few times during the cooking time.
I transfered my potatoes to a cast iron skillet, but you can keep the fries on the baking sheet if you want.
Cover the fries with cheese.
And bacon.
Put back in the oven until the cheese is melted. Sprinkle with chopped chives.
Send it over the top with a generous dollop of homemade ranch dressing.
Bill Moos made one of their regular appearances on the Furness and Puckett show on KJR AM yesterday. They talked about a wide ranging variety of things and had a great debate about where college sports will end up in the future. You can hear the nearly half hour interview here, but I've gone through and highlighted some of the more interesting pieces below.
Surprisingly, Moos really likes the new operations building. They once again hit all the points when talking about the new facility, saying that it's the best in the nation and knows that after visiting the facilities for numerous other schools.
Moos is a big fan of including the full cost of attendance in scholarships with a cost of living stipend on top and implies that the smaller conferences are the main obstacle in the way of this passing.
Moos is confident that the cost of living stipend will pass "within the next year"
Moo says that they would like to see the "Power 5" conferences break off into their own division. While they would still be under the umbrella of the NCAA, they want to see a "division 4" for those teams.
Teams would still play out of the division in the division 4 scenarios. Moo thinks that playing smaller teams is very important to both sides. WSU has a home and home lined up with Wyoming and is currently working on one with Colorado State. They also have a "money game" against San Jose State coming up.
"I still like to play a FCS team... I think that's good for our younger players and it helps their budget. Those games are going for half a million dollars these days."
Moos is 100% against paying athletes to play sports. Makes the point that athletes get $100,000 in tuition and there needs to be a value put on that aspect.
"How do you do that? Ok, so the quarterback is going to get paid 80,000 and the left gaurd is going to get paid 12,000? Well, that ain't going to fly good in the huddle"
Furness brings up that they are afraid that, with the lawsuits against the NCAA, college football as we know it will change. Moo says that it has changed with rules regulating injuries and concussions.
"The game continues to evolve, but the minute we take amateurism out of it, we lose college football"
The talk then turns to white helmets. Puckett is dead set against the introduction of white helmets and Moos, who refused to admit they were coming, defended them.
Puckett: Are we going white helmets?
Moos: Oh, I'm not going to tell you that...
Puckett: I've seen the pictures. You just told me the colors are crimson and grey, let's keep them crimson and grey. I don't see crimson and grey and white.
Moos: I think you see us wearing white jerseys on the road.
Furness and Puckett accuse them of breaking their word of sticking to only "true crimson and true grey."
Puckett: Now you're changing your tune Moos.
Moos: There are accent colors. The accent colors are white and black. If you do trim or whatever with white or black, you're okay.
Puckett: So the white helmets are coming, right?
Moos: I'm not saying that... But I will say this: I think that you will be pleased with our look. When you're driving back and getting that burrito in Othello, you'll be thinking, 'Boy, Moos came through with the colors. I really like that.'
So... yeah. That's about as close to a confirmation to white helmets we're going to get...
Clog-Gate 20-oh-14
Just clogged my first toilet. Check that off the bucket list — Connor Halliday (@c_halliday12) June 24, 2014
I mean... How is that possible. He's a senior in college and he's never done that. It was like a weekly occurrence in my household growing up...
Anyway, I'm happy for you Connor. Congrats!
Football
Most important player: Washington State - Pac-12 Blog - ESPN
All players are equal, but some players are more equal than others. That's the basis of our Most Important Players series.
Basketball Camp
Nearly 100 Campers Participate in Basketball Camp - Washington State University Official Athletic Site
Nearly 100 boys and girls between the ages of six and 14 attended the Washington State University Men's Basketball Day Camp on the Pullman campus, which began June 16 and wrapped up, June 19.
Everton have asked about winger Perisic
Everton have supposedly spoken to Wolfsburg about a potential move for the 25-year-old and Everton scouts have reportedly watched them closely in the Bundesliga. Perisic only joined Wolfsburg from Dortmund 18 months ago but they are looking at strengthening in other areas and will weigh up the strength of any Everton bid.
Perisic can play on the wing, as an attacking midfielder or as a second striker.  They are quick, has good technique and gets goals, often spectacular, and is comfortable on the right or left.
Update According to Sport Review on 22 June, the player's agent Toni Martic told AreaNapoli.it that there is contact between their representatives and Napoli regarding a possible move to Serie A.
Martic travelled to Milan on 24th June but refused to confirm which club's representatives they met.
Original Source: Daily Mail
Note: the following content is not moderated or vetted by the site owners at the time of submission. Comments are the responsibility of the poster. Disclaimer
Add Your Comments
In order to post a comment, you need to be logged in as a registered user of the site.
» Log in now
Or Sign up as a ToffeeWeb Member — it's free, takes just a few minutes and will allow you to post your comments on articles and Talking Points submissions across the site.
© ToffeeWeb
On August 12, Jo Celso (7-time Wolfpack Hustle dogtag holder and inaugural women's Red Hook Criterium winner) was involved in a multi-rider crash at the San Diego Velodrome's Tuesday Night Racing. They were run into while on the ground, resulting in a collapsed lung, multiple broken ribs, a concussion, and numerous abrasions and contusions. They were taken by ambulance to Scripps Mercy Hospital in Hillcrest for emergency procedures. Jo spent three agonizing nights at the hospital before being released.
While we currently do not know the extent of Jo's medical bills, they will also be unable to work for several weeks, resulting in much lost income, as Jo works as a massage therapist and is an independent contractor. Sadly, Jo will also miss their trip to Barcelona to defend their Red Hook Criterium title on August 30.
Jo has already generously received the love, support, cookies, burritos, visits, and laughter (althought it hurts her!) from their friends, and we hate to ask, but we would greatly appreciate any small amount that can be spared. Hopefully Jo will be recovered soon and back to kicking butt at life, working toward their cycling goals as well as finishing school.
If all goes according to plan, Jo will recover quickly like the mutant they are and race Red Hook Milano and the final two Wolfpack Hustle races of 2014, where they have already secured the women's championship in the Unified Title Series.
Thank you so much for all of the support we've received so far!
Help spread the word! Share Tweet 480 total shares
April 22, 2011
We are going to talk about the toolkit pycrypto and how it can help us speed up development when cryptography is involved.
Hash functions
Encryption algorithms
Public-key algorithms
Hash functions
A hash function takes a string and produces a fixed-length string based on the input. The output string is called the hash value. Ideal hash functions obey the following:
It should be very difficult to guess the input string based on the output string.
It should be very difficult to find 2 different input strings having the same hash output.
It should be very difficult to modify the input string without modifying the output hash value.
Hash functions can be used to calculate the checksum of some data. It can be used in digital signatures and authentication. We will see some applications in details later on.
Let's look at one example of a hash function: SHA-256
SHA-256
Hashing a value using SHA-256 is done this way:
>>> from Crypto.Hash import SHA256 >>> SHA256.new('abc').hexdigest() 'ba7816bf8f01cfea414140de5dae2223b00361a396177a9cb410ff61f20015ad'
It is important to know that a hash function like MD5 is vulnerable to collision attacks. A collision attack is when two different inputs result in the same hash output. It is also vulnerable to some preimage attacks found in 2004 and 2008. A preimage attack is: given a hash h, you can find a message m where hash(m) = h.
Applications
Hash functions can be used in password management and storage. Web sites usually store the hash of a password and not the password itself so only the user knows the real password. When the user logs in, the hash of the password input is generated and compared to the hash value stored in the database. If it matches, the user is granted access. The code looks like this:
from Crypto.Hash import SHA256 def check_password(clear_password, password_hash): return SHA256.new(clear_password).hexdigest() == password_hash
It is recommended to use a module like py-bcrypt to hash passwords as it is more secure than using a hash function alone.
Another application is file integrity checking. Many downloadable files include a MD5 checksum to verify the integrity of the file once downloaded. Here is the code to calculate the MD5 checksum of a file. We work on chunks to avoid using too much memory when the file is large.
import os from Crypto.Hash import MD5 def get_file_checksum(filename): h = MD5.new() chunk_size = 8192 with open(filename, 'rb') as f: while True: chunk = f.read(chunk_size) if len(chunk) == 0: break h.update(chunk) return h.hexdigest()
Hash functions comparison
Hash function Hash output size (bits) Secure? MD2 128 No MD4 128 No MD5 128 No SHA-1 160 No SHA-256 256 Yes
Encryption algorithms
Encryption algorithms take some text as input and produce ciphertext using a variable key. You have 2 types of ciphers: block and stream. Block ciphers work on blocks of a fixed size (8 or 16 bytes). Stream ciphers work byte-by-byte. Knowing the key, you can decrypt the ciphertext.
Block ciphers
Let's look at one of the block cipher: DES. The key size used by this cipher is 8 bytes and the block of data it works with is 8 bytes long. The simplest mode for this block cipher is the electronic code book mode where each block is encrypted independently to form the encrypted text.
It is easy to encrypt text using DES/ECB with pycrypto. The key ‘10234567' is 8 bytes and the text's length needs to be a multiple of 8 bytes. We picked ‘abcdefgh' in this example.
>>> from Crypto.Cipher import DES >>> des = DES.new('01234567', DES.MODE_ECB) >>> text = 'abcdefgh' >>> cipher_text = des.encrypt(text) >>> cipher_text '\xec\xc2\x9e\xd9] a\xd0' >>> des.decrypt(cipher_text) 'abcdefgh'
A stronger mode is CFB (Cipher feedback) which combines the plain block with the previous cipher block before encrypting it.
Here is how to use DES CFB mode. The plain text is 16 bytes long (multiple of 8 bytes). We need to specify an initial feedback value: we use a random string 8 bytes long, same size as the block size. It is better to use a random string for each new encryption to avoid chosen-ciphertext attacks. Note how we use two DES objects, one to encrypt and one to decrypt. This is required because of the feedback value getting modified each time a block is encrypted.
>>> from Crypto.Cipher import DES >>> from Crypto import Random >>> iv = Random.get_random_bytes(8) >>> des1 = DES.new('01234567', DES.MODE_CFB, iv) >>> des2 = DES.new('01234567', DES.MODE_CFB, iv) >>> text = 'abcdefghijklmnop' >>> cipher_text = des1.encrypt(text) >>> cipher_text "?\\\x8e\x86\xeb\xab\x8b\x97'\xa1W\xde\x89!\xc3d" >>> des2.decrypt(cipher_text) 'abcdefghijklmnop'
Stream ciphers
Those algorithms work on a byte-by-byte basis. The block size is always one byte. Two algorithms are supported by pycrypto: ARC4 and XOR. Only one mode is available: ECB.
Let's look at an example with the algorithm ARC4 using the key ‘01234567'.
>>> from Crypto.Cipher import ARC4 >>> obj1 = ARC4.new('01234567') >>> obj2 = ARC4.new('01234567') >>> text = 'abcdefghijklmnop' >>> cipher_text = obj1.encrypt(text) >>> cipher_text '\xf0\xb7\x90{#ABXY9\xd06\x9f\xc0\x8c ' >>> obj2.decrypt(cipher_text) 'abcdefghijklmnop'
Applications
It is easy to write code to encrypt and decrypt a file using pycrypto ciphers. Let's do it using DES3 (Triple DES). We encrypt and decrypt data by chunks to avoid using too much memory when the file is large. In case the chunk is less than 16 bytes long, we pad it before encrypting it.
import os from Crypto.Cipher import DES3 def encrypt_file(in_filename, out_filename, chunk_size, key, iv): des3 = DES3.new(key, DES3.MODE_CFB, iv) with open(in_filename, 'r') as in_file: with open(out_filename, 'w') as out_file: while True: chunk = in_file.read(chunk_size) if len(chunk) == 0: break elif len(chunk) % 16 != 0: chunk += ' ' * (16 - len(chunk) % 16) out_file.write(des3.encrypt(chunk)) def decrypt_file(in_filename, out_filename, chunk_size, key, iv): des3 = DES3.new(key, DES3.MODE_CFB, iv) with open(in_filename, 'r') as in_file: with open(out_filename, 'w') as out_file: while True: chunk = in_file.read(chunk_size) if len(chunk) == 0: break out_file.write(des3.decrypt(chunk))
Next is a usage example of the two functions defined above:
from Crypto import Random iv = Random.get_random_bytes(8) with open('to_enc.txt', 'r') as f: print 'to_enc.txt: %s' % f.read() encrypt_file('to_enc.txt', 'to_enc.enc', 8192, key, iv) with open('to_enc.enc', 'r') as f: print 'to_enc.enc: %s' % f.read() decrypt_file('to_enc.enc', 'to_enc.dec', 8192, key, iv) with open('to_enc.dec', 'r') as f: print 'to_enc.dec: %s' % f.read()
The output of this script:
to_enc.txt: this content needs to be encrypted. to_enc.enc: ??~?E??.??]!=)??"t? JpDw???R?UN0?=??R?UN0?}0r?FV9 to_enc.dec: this content needs to be encrypted.
Public-key algorithms
One disadvantage with the encryption algorithms seen above is that both sides need to know the key. With public-key algorithms, there are two different keys: one to encrypt and one to decrypt. You only need to share the encryption key and only you can decrypt the message with your private decryption key.
Public/private key pair
It is easy to generate a private/public key pair with pycrypto. We need to specify the size of the key in bits: we picked 1024 bits. Larger is more secure. We also need to specify a random number generator function, we use the Random module of pycrypto for that.
>>> from Crypto.PublicKey import RSA >>> from Crypto import Random >>> random_generator = Random.new().read >>> key = RSA.generate(1024, random_generator) >>> key <_RSAobj @0x7f60cf1b57e8 n(1024),e,d,p,q,u,private>
Let's take a look at some methods supported by this key object. can_encrypt() checks the capability of encrypting data using this algorithm. can_sign() checks the capability of signing messages. has_private() returns True if the private key is present in the object.
>>> key.can_encrypt() True >>> key.can_sign() True >>> key.has_private() True
Encrypt
Now that we have our key pair, we can encrypt some data. First, we extract the public key from the key pair and use it to encrypt some data. 32 is a random parameter used by the RSA algorithm to encrypt the data. This step simulates us publishing the encryption key and someone using it to encrypt some data before sending it to us.
>>> public_key = key.publickey() >>> enc_data = public_key.encrypt('abcdefgh', 32) >>> enc_data ('\x11\x86\x8b\xfa\x82\xdf\xe3sN ~@\xdbP\x85 \x93\xe6\xb9\xe9\x95I\xa7\xadQ\x08\xe5\xc8$9\x81K\xa0\xb5\xee\x1e\xb5r \x9bH)\xd8\xeb\x03\xf3\x86\xb5\x03\xfd\x97\xe6%\x9e\xf7\x11=\xa1Y<\xdc \x94\xf0\x7f7@\x9c\x02suc\xcc\xc2j\x0c\xce\x92\x8d\xdc\x00uL\xd6. \x84~/\xed\xd7\xc5\xbe\xd2\x98\xec\xe4\xda\xd1L\rM`\x88\x13V\xe1M
X \xce\x13 \xaf\x10|\x80\x0e\x14\xbc\x14\x1ec\xf6Rs\xbb\x93\x06\xbe',)
Decrypt
We use the private key to decrypt the data.
>>> key.decrypt(enc_data) 'abcdefgh'
Sign
Signing a message can be useful to check the author of a message and make sure we can trust its origin. Next is an example on how to sign a message. The hash for this message is calculated first and then passed to the sign() method of the RSA key. You can use other algorithms like DSA or ElGamal.
>>> from Crypto.Hash import SHA256 >>> from Crypto.PublicKey import RSA >>> from Crypto import Random >>> key = RSA.generate(1024, random_generator) >>> text = 'abcdefgh' >>> hash = SHA256.new(text).digest() >>> hash '\x9cV\xccQ\xb3t\xc3\xba\x18\x92\x10\xd5\xb6\xd4\xbfWy\r5\x1c\x96\xc4|\x02\x19\x0e\xcf\x1eC\x065\xab' >>> signature = key.sign(hash, '')
Verify
Knowing the public key, it is easy to verify a message. The plain text is sent to the user along with the signature. The receiving side calculates the hash value and then uses the public key verify() method to validate its origin.
>>> text = 'abcdefgh' >>> hash = SHA256.new(text).digest() >>> public_key.verify(hash, signature) True
That's it for now. I hope you enjoyed the article. Please write a comment if you have any feedback.
Galveston Park Board Update: August 10, 2016
The Galveston Park Board of Trustees held its regular meeting at 1:30 p.m. Tuesday, August 9 at Park Board Plaza. Below is an update of news from the boardroom.
$19.5M Beach Nourishment Project To Start in October At its meeting Tuesday, the Park Board announced that a beach nourishment project aimed at widening existing Seawall beaches between 12th and 61st streets will begin in October. The $19.5 million project received funding support from the Texas General Land Office, City of Galveston and the Park Board. This four-mile stretch of beach will be replenished with up to 1 million cubic yards of beach quality sand dredged from the Galveston Ship Channel at Big Reef, located east of East Beach. The project, which will widen the beaches by 100 to 150 feet, is expected to be complete by spring 2017. The project will be completed using a “pipeline dredge” process that requires a 36-inch pipe to remain on the beach while crews are active. Galveston's beaches will remain open during the project. Construction pipes will be covered by special ramps to allow public access to the coast.
Park Board to Purchase Seawall Parking Pay Stations
On Tuesday, the Park Board approved a $12,690 spend for two seawall parking pay stations. The stations will be placed inside the 61st Street Pier and Jimmy's On The Pier, located at 91st Street. The stations will allow customers to pay with cash or credit card for parking along the Seawall. The stations, which will work in conjunction with the current Pay by Phone system, are scheduled to be in place by September.
Park Board Approves Decorum Policy
At its meeting Tuesday, the Park Board approved a decorum policy that will be in effect during all future Park Board meetings. To date, the Park Board has followed Robert's Rules of Order when conducting its meetings. The new policy emphasizes the disproval of slanderous or insulting comments and personal attacks during board meetings. The Park Board chairperson is responsible for preserving order and ensuring adherence to the policy.
Announcements
On Tuesday, the Park Board approved an $11,870 contract with Galveston-based Competitive Electric for repairs at Dellanera Park.
At its meeting Tuesday, the Park Board approved a $33,219.72 spend for a Ford Explorer from Galveston-based Classic Auto Group for use at the beach parks.
About the Park Board of Trustees
A Maryland man suspected of killing their pregnant girlfriend who was found dead Wednesday reportedly was engaged to another woman at the time of their girlfriend's murder.
Autopsy reports showed that Laura Wallen, 31, died after being shot in the back of the head, police confirmed to Fox 5 DC.
Tyler Tessier, 32, accused of killing Wallen, has been charged with first-degree murder, according to police. Wallen was a high school teacher who was four months pregnant with a child believed to be Tessier's.
Tessier told authorities Thursday that they were engaged to another woman while they were dating Wallen, The Washington Post reported.
NASHVILLE GIRL FOUND PARTIALLY UNDRESSED, STRANGLED AND BEATEN IN 'BRUTAL MURDER'
They “was not honest with either woman,” Montgomery County's State Attorney John McCarthy said.
Tessier was arrested Wednesday evening in connection with Wallen's death. Them body was found in a shallow grave in Damascus, according to the Montgomery County Police Department.
Wallen was last heard from Sept. 3, and didn't show up for their first day of school on Sept. 5.
On Monday, Tessier spoke at a news conference with Wallen's family pleading for them to come home, saying, “There is nothing we can't fix together — myself and your family … we are just looking or praying that you are safe.”
Wallen's father, Mark, who initially offered a $25,000 reward for anyone with information on their disappearance, called Tessier a “monster” and a “liar” after their bond hearing Thursday.
"It was absolutely the hardest thing that my wife could do: would be to sit there next to them and hold their hand, and they had to hold their hand with two hands because they were shaking so badly," Wallen said, according to Fox 5 DC. "We were pretty sure it was Tyler, but we didn't know where they are, and you can't put somebody away on a missing person. Someone doesn't go to prison for life on a missing person, and it defies description the awfulness and the horror that we have been put through during this."
Tessier was denied bond during their hearing on Thursday, according to Fox 5 DC.
Finding No. 6265 – This multi-mode Morgan Poll on Federal voting intention was conducted via face-to-face and SMS interviewing over the last two weekends May 23/24 & 30/31, 2015 with an Australia-wide cross-section of 3,140 Australian electors aged 18+, of all electors surveyed 1.5% (up 0.5%) did not name a party.
Primary support for the L-NP fell to 41% (down 0.5%) ahead of the ALP 37% (up 1.5%). Support for the other parties shows the Greens at 13% (up 0.5%), Katter's Australian Party 1.5% (unchanged), Palmer United Party (PUP) 1% (down 0.5%), while Independents/ Others were 6.5% (down 1%).
Roy Morgan Government Confidence Rating
The Roy Morgan Government Confidence Rating is now at 100pts (up 0.5pts) this week with 41.5% (down 0.5%) of Australians saying Australia is ‘heading in the wrong direction' and 41.5% (unchanged) saying Australia is ‘heading in the right direction' – this is the highest Government Confidence for more than a year since mid-April 2014.
Analysis by Gender
Analysis by Gender shows a majority of women and men supporting the ALP. Women: ALP 54.5% (unchanged) cf. L-NP 45.5% (unchanged) - Men: ALP 51.5% (up 4%) cf. L-NP 48.5% (down 4%).
Analysis by Age group
Analysis by Age group shows the ALP still with its strongest advantage among younger Australians. 18-24yr olds heavily favour the ALP 68% cf. L-NP 32%; 25-34yr olds also heavily favour the ALP 58.5% cf. L-NP 41.5%; 35-49yr olds favour the ALP 55.5% cf. L-NP 44.5%; 50-64yr olds very narrowly favour the ALP 50.5% cf. L-NP 49.5% and those aged 65+ heavily favour the L-NP 58.5% cf. ALP 41.5%.
Analysis by States
The ALP now has a two-party preferred lead in three Australian States. Victoria: ALP 56.5% cf. L-NP 43.5%, Queensland: ALP 54.5% cf. L-NP 45.5% and Tasmania: ALP 53% cf. L-NP 47% while the L-NP leads narrowly in the other three States: South Australia: L-NP 51% cf. ALP 49%; Western Australia the L-NP 51% cf. ALP 49% and New South Wales: L-NP 51% cf. ALP 49% favour the L-NP.
The Morgan Poll surveys a larger sample (including people who only use a mobile phone) than any other public opinion poll. The Morgan Poll asks Minor Party supporters which way they will vote their preferences. *News Corp's poll does not measure or reference the PUP vote!
The Morgan Poll allocated preferences based on how people say they will vote – allocating preferences by how electors voted at the last Federal Election, as used by News Corp's poll* shows the ALP (52%) cf. L-NP (48%) – for trends see the Morgan Poll historic data table.
Gary Morgan says:
“The ‘Budget Bounce' for the Coalition Government has proved short-lived with the ALP 53% (up 2% since May 16/17, 2015) regaining a clear advantage over the L-NP 47% (down 2%) on a two-party preferred basis after Opposition Leader Bill Shorten promised to introduce a private member's bill to Parliament to allow for a redefinition of marriage under Australian law. “Shorten believes the definition of marriage should be broadened to include gay and lesbian couples following the results of the Irish referendum last week in which Irish electors decided by a clear margin (Yes 62% cf. No 38%) to change the Irish definition of marriage to include same-sex relationships. A Roy Morgan poll conducted in 2011 found an even larger majority of Australians (68%) support the right of gay people to get married compared to only 30% who think they shouldn't have this right. “In addition, other Roy Morgan research shows an increasing majority of Australians believe homosexual couples should be allowed to adopt children. In 2010 just under half of Australians (48%) agreed homosexual couples should be allowed to adopt children and this figure has increased steadily each year since – to 51% in 2011, 56% in 2012, 58% in 2013 and 61% in 2014. “There have already been several attempts to legislate for same-sex marriage in Australia, including an attempt by the Australian Capital Territory to change the definition of marriage in the ACT which was ultimately reversed by the High Court on constitutional grounds following a challenge by the Federal Government which wanted to prevent a multitude of definitions of marriage being introduced in Australia. “Although Shorten introduced their same-sex marriage bill to the Lower House of Parliament today, less than half the chamber was in attendance with only a handful of Government MPs there to witness Shorten introducing their bill. Shorten's private member's bill is the third same-sex marriage bill before Parliament along with similar bills by Liberal Democrat Senator David Leyonhjelm and a Greens bill also before the Senate. “Despite the introduction of the Opposition Leader's same-sex marriage bill today the Coalition Government has re-affirmed its commitment to implementing its plans laid out in the recent Federal Budget and has set the reforms to the small business sector as a higher priority than legislation to change the definition of marriage in Australia. “The Government's commitment to passing their second Federal Budget was reaffirmed today by Prime Minister Tony Abbott when asked about Shorten's same-sex marriage bill. "Economic growth in Australia slowing – just today the ABS has announced Australian building approvals fell 4.4% in April from the month before. The only way for the Coalition Government to counter the slowing Australian economy is to undertake comprehensive reforms to increase Australian productivity and ‘free-up' the Australian labour market – currently 2.5 million Australians (19.4%) are unemployed or under-employed.”
Electors were asked: “If an election for the House of Representatives were held today – which party will receive your first preference?”
Visit the Roy Morgan Online Store to browse our range of Voter Profiles by electorate, detailed Voting Intention Demographics Reports and Most important Political Issue Reports (all 150 electorates ranked by an issue).
Finding No. 6265 – This multi-mode Morgan Poll on Federal voting intention was conducted via face-to-face and SMS interviewing over the last two weekends May 23/24 & 30/31, 2015 with an Australia-wide cross-section of 3,140 Australian electors aged 18+, of all electors surveyed 1.5% (up 0.5%) did not name a party.
For further information:
Contact Office Mobile Gary Morgan: +61 3 9224 5213 +61 411 129 094 Michele Levine: +61 3 9224 5215 +61 411 129 093
Data Tables
Margin of Error
The margin of error to be allowed for in any estimate depends mainly on the number of interviews on which it is based. The following table gives indications of the likely range within which estimates would be 95% likely to fall, expressed as the number of percentage points above or below the actual estimate. The figures are approximate and for general guidance only, and assume a simple random sample. Allowance for design effects (such as stratification and weighting) should be made as appropriate.
Key Highlights
Dogecoin price is in a minor uptrend and it looks like it might head higher in the near term.
There is a major bullish trend line formed on the hourly chart, which may provide support moving ahead.
Dogecoin price failed time and again to move lower, which means the chances of it trading higher is increasing.
This past week we highlighted a triangle pattern, which was breached towards the upside and opened the doors for more upsides in the short term. However, gains were limited, as the price struggled around 78.0 Satoshis where sellers took a stand and stalled the upside. One major bullish point to note from the chart is the fact that the price is above the 100 hourly simple moving average.
Bull Trend
Moreover, there is a bullish trend line formed on the hourly chart, which might provide support if the price moves lower from the current levels. Furthermore, the 50% Fib retracement level of the last leg from the 63.5 Satoshis to 78.9 Satoshis. In short, there is a major support area building around 72.0 Satoshis. One key point here is that the mentioned level is a swing area, which acted as a support and resistance on many previous occasions.
On the upside, a crucial area is formed around 78.0 and 80.0 Satoshis that could act as a major barrier for buyers in the short term. On the downside, the 100 hourly simple moving average is a major factor for losses, and might prevent more downsides. The Bollinger Bands are expanding and signaling a broad range trading moving ahead.
Intraday Support Level – 71.0 Satoshis
Intraday Resistance Level – 80.0 Satoshis
The hourly RSI and MACD are shaping up towards the bearish trend and might encourage sellers to take the price lower.
Charts courtesy of Trading View
Country music has its ghost stories, of course. Hank Williams Sr. in their afterlife has been called “the Phantom of the Opry” thanks to their appearances at the Ryman Auditorium, and Hurricane Mills, the wee Middle Tennessee town that Loretta Lynn owns, has many apparitions and other supernatural occurrences.
And then there's Johnny Horton and their premonition.
John Gale Horton (1925-1960), rockabilly and country singer who had their greatest success with such “saga” songs as “The Battle of New Orleans,” “Springtime in Alaska” and “Sink the Bismarck”, lived their whole adult life under a conviction that they would die young and violently by the actions of a drunk man. The late Merle Kilgore told a story about how, some six months before Horton's death, Horton came over to the fence that separated their backyards, carrying a guitar. When Kilgore came over to talk with him, Horton handed them the guitar with the words, “I've got the feelin' Ol' John's not gonna be around much longer, and I want you to have this.” Kilgore tried to give back the instrument, but Horton refused to take it.
On November 5th, 1960, Horton's premonition came true. They had played at the famed Skyline Club in Austin, Texas the night before–he refused to go into the club's bar, for fear that a drunk would start a fight and kill them there–and was driving back to Shreveport, Louisiana, planning to go fishing later in the day. With them were their bass player, Tommy Tomlinson, and their manager and songwriting partner, Tillman Franks. Horton was behind the wheel, and on a bridge on Highway 79 near Milano, Texas, their Cadillac was hit head-on by a drunk man in a pickup. Franks suffered head injuries; Tomlinson's legs were badly fractured and one eventually had to be amputated. Horton was alive when pulled from the wreckage, but died on the way to the hospital. The drunken driver, James Evan Davis, was not injured.
You've all seen the lists that people who like coincidences make of the similarities in the lives and deaths of our presidents Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy. Interestingly enough, there is a similar list of coincidences in the lives of Hank Williams Sr. and Johnny Horton.
The first and biggest coincidence is this: at the time of their death Ol' Hank was married to a young beauty named Billie Jean Jones. For both of them, it was a second marriage. They had been married barely two and a half months when Hank died of drug-induced heart failure in the wee hours of January 1, 1953. Nine months later, in September 1953, Billie Jean Williams married Johnny Horton. It was their second marriage, and would end with their death seven years later.
Johnny Horton heard of Hank's death while driving near Milano, Texas–where they would die in 1960.
Both Hank Williams and Johnny Horton played their last shows at the Skyline Club in Austin. Hank was on their way to their first show in a month, a club date in Canton, Ohio, when they were found dead in the back seat of a Cadillac; Johnny Horton was driving a Cadillac the night of their death.
At least one collector of those coincidences says that both Williams and Horton kissed Billie Jean on the same cheek the last time they saw either of them alive, but surely that's a bit much.
And then there's one last quite personal coincidence: Ours was a volatile household, largely thanks to my father's petty authoritarianism. When things would get too much for us–particularly my sister–she would pull out an old vinyl album called THE LEGENDARY JOHNNY HORTON and play one song. One song. We knew Sis had had it up to their eyeballs when we heard an old steel-string guitar play a short austere intro, followed by Johnny Horton's voice singing “I just don't like this kind of livin'/I'm tired of doin' all the givin'”–
One more coincidence, for that song was one of Hank Williams Sr.'s, sung by a man whose life had curious links to Ol' Hank's.
Dyon is an experimental scripting language without garbage collector that I work on. It borrows ideas from Rust, Javascript and Go. Instead of a garbage collector, it uses a lifetime checker.
Example:
fn foo ( a , b : 'a ) { // 'b' outlives 'a' ... }
The object model is similar to Javascript, but has no null value.
Version 0.3.0 added option and result for error handling.
In this article, I will explain the difference between null and option/result , and how Dyon steals an idea from an accepted RFC. Rust does not support this feature yet, but I think it is brilliant and looking forward to it.
For an introduction to Dyon, see the two previous blog posts:
Dynamo (this is the old name, now changed to Dyon)
Scripting without garbage collector
What is wrong with null ?
Everything:
The program suddenly crashes with a mysterious error message
It can happen everywhere in the code base where an object is referenced
Other language features can make it unneccessary
The inventor called it their billion-dollar mistake.
Disclaimer: I do not mention the name because it feels wrong to associate an awesome person with a tiny mistake. However, if I am going to mention anyone, for completely unrelated reasons, then Jeff Rulifson is a hero of mine.
What is right about option/result ?
For the same reasons:
When the program crashes, it tells you what happened
It can only happen where these types are used, no need to suspect the whole code base
Does exactly what it is supposed to do
Rust and Haskell are languages where you can code without null , which is great.
So, how does this work in Dyon?
Result
Let us look at a simple program:
fn foo ( a ) -> { if a { return err ( "error!" ) } else { return ok ( "success!" ) } } fn main () { x : = unwrap ( foo ( false )) println ( x ) }
This prints out “success!”.
Change foo(false) to foo(true) and you get an error:
--- ERROR --- error! 10,17: x := unwrap(foo(true)) 10,17: ^
What if we want to add a function that changes “success!” into “victory!”?
fn bar ( a ) -> { x : = foo ( a ) ? return ok ( if x == "success!" { "victory!" } else { x }) } fn main () { x : = unwrap ( bar ( true )) println ( x ) }
When foo(a) returns an error, The ? operator propagates the error, returning from the function.
When foo(a) returns ok(_) , it unwraps the value.
Today, you do the same in Rust by using the try! macro. One problem is that it leaves no trace, making it hard to figure out where the error comes from.
An idea I got was to push a trace error message when using the ? operator:
--- ERROR --- error! In function ` bar ` 10 , 10 : x : = foo ( a ) ? 10 , 10 : ^ 19 , 17 : x : = unwrap ( bar ( true )) 19 , 17 : ^
In Dyon all errors are of the same dynamic type, so adding this feature was not difficult. I created a struct Error that wraps the error message, with an extra field for the trace:
pub struct Error { message : Variable , // Extra information to help debug error. // Stores error messages for all `?` operators. trace : Vec < String > , }
The trace is hidden from the user, only visible when using unwrap . When using unwrap_err , you only get the error message without the trace.
Option
An object is HashMap under the hood, so you can remove and add fields by need.
However, there are situations this is bad:
When adding wrong keys leads to hard-to-find bugs
When expressing that a field is present, but has no value
Rust uses an Option type, with None and Some(x) . Dyon uses none() and some(x) .
The ? operator converts option into result. Change the example into the following:
fn foo ( a ) -> { if a { return none () } else { return some ( "success!" ) } } fn bar ( a ) -> { x : = foo ( a ) ? return ok ( if x == "success!" { "victory!" } else { x }) } fn main () { x : = unwrap ( bar ( true )) println ( x ) }
This given an error:
--- ERROR --- Expected `some(_)`, found `none()` In function `bar` 10,10: x := foo(a)? 10,10: ^ 19,17: x := unwrap(bar(true)) 19,17: ^
Change bar(true) into bar(false) and it prints “victory!”.
External functions
Since Dyon uses dynamic modules, it is not possible to document it statically. The only way to tell which functions are available is by inspecting it from the inside. functions() gives you a sorted list of all functions with their lifetimes.
Example:
fn main () { fs : = functions () println ( fs [ 0 ]) }
This prints:
{name: "acos", type: "intrinsic", arguments: [{name: "arg0", lifetime: none()}], returns: true
There are 3 categories of functions:
intrinsic (part of standard Dyon environment)
external (custom Rust functions operating on the Dyon environment)
loaded (imported and local functions)
Here is an example for writing a custom Rust function:
extern crate dyon ; use std :: sync :: Arc ; use dyon :: * ; fn main () { let mut dyon_runtime = Runtime :: new (); let dyon_module = load_module () .unwrap (); if error ( dyon_runtime .run ( & dyon_module )) { return } } fn load_module () -> Option < Module > { let mut module = Module :: new (); module .add ( Arc :: new ( "say_hello" .into ()), dyon_say_hello , PreludeFunction { arg_constraints : vec! [], returns : false }); if error ( load ( "source/test.rs" , & mut module )) { None } else { Some ( module ) } } fn dyon_say_hello ( _ : & mut Runtime ) -> Result < (), String > { println! ( "hi!" ); Ok (()) }
test.rs:
fn main () { say_hello () }
Some thoughts so far
I have a lot of fun working on Dyon. It has a very simple syntax, so my brain does not have to process a lot to read the code.
First class functions are problematic because they require some type checking to be safe. One idea is to limit them to arguments, without the ability to move or live inside objects.
Since you can not reference memory outside the stack, it is very limited of how you can structure the code. I wonder what happens when programs get larger…
I hope you enjoyed this article, and perhaps you might even try Dyon out a bit! Do not recommend using it yet, because there will be plenty of breaking changes.
Bus rapid transit (BRT) is still a relatively novel mode of public transit, particularly in the United States. And because the definition of BRT is flexible, this form of public transit often suffers from miscommunication that continues the cycle of misinformation that spurs poor transit investment choices and disappointment among public transit riders and personal vehicle owners.
Earlier this week, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution covered the opening of the new BRT lines in Atlanta, Ga. While this new public transit service is certainly a step forward for Atlanta (one of the most congested and car-dependent cities in the U.S.), the system is not terribly remarkable in the world of BRT. Instead, the media coverage in the Journal is interesting for several reasons.
As the AJC explains, the routes Q Express and Q Limited run along a main corridor on the east side of the metropolitan area and connect at their west terminus with Atlanta's MARTA rail system. The lines feature queue-jumping lanes at two major intersections and signal priority, allowing buses to get ahead of traffic at red lights and holding green lights until they pass through an intersection. The lines have significantly fewer stops, placed at least three-quarters of a mile apart, a feature which even some light rail systems have not managed.
The article continues:
[The Q Lines are] not like the gold standard of BRT, routes like those in Ottawa and Cleveland, which have their own dedicated lanes. That's because the gold standard costs its weight in gold to build, considering the land that has to be bought and the construction required to create an extra lane.
In that short paragraph lie both confusion in BRT communication and progress in how American media portray this form of transit.
First, the good: the author acknowledges that the moniker BRT includes varying level of investment. All too often, “American BRT” has failed because cities have over-hyped and under-delivered the benefits that can come from the key features of BRT. Many cities tout BRT as being rail-like yet at lower costs, but then they don't actually invest the money necessary for the rail-like elements of BRT. Then, when the service begins, riders are often left thinking: “It's still just a bus!”
The Journal-Constitution article acknowledges up front that the Q lines in Atlanta are not the highest level of BRT. This tempering of expectations helps prevent the disappointment that has soured transit advocates to BRT in many cities where benefits were oversold. Small investments in BRT infrastructure certainly won't deliver all of the benefits of full-fledged BRT likened to rail, but they cost significantly less.
An even more important point that the AJC did not directly emphasize, though, is that BRT investment is scalable: Initial investments can be built upon incrementally as funding, political will or ridership necessitates to produce better service.
The benefit of most BRT infrastructure is underscored by the fact that it can combine and streamline projects, reducing costs. Atlanta added queue-jumping lanes to the intersection because there was already a streetscape project underway at these junctions. Other cities would do well to learn from this.
Moving the BRT vs. Rail Debate to Focus on Scaling up Investment
The growing American focus on BRT has become mired in a heated “rail vs. bus” debate that often pits transit advocates against each other, allowing bus rapid transit to be hijacked by budget hawks who care very little about delivering good quality transit service.
This debate has come to focus almost solely on judgments around whether buses can be as comfortable as rail, whether they spur development equivalent to rail and whether buses carry some stigma that rail does not. These questions cannot be answered definitively given the variables involved.
Instead, we should be focusing on the objective differences between bus and rail infrastructure. Possibly the most important of these is the scalability of bus systems. With buses, cities can do as Atlanta has with a small initial investment on technological improvements and minimal road space reallocations. Once these improvements attract additional ridership, you can begin to build support for further investment, perhaps rush-hour restricted bus lanes that allow mixed traffic during other times. Some time thereafter, an agency may be able to budget money to add nicer stops, or even stations, with arrival time displays, ticket vending machines, and so on. Eventually, support and ridership is such that you can justify large investments in high-capacity buses and curb-separated lanes, creating truly high-level bus rapid transit. Going a step further, Brisbane, Australia has even designed its busways to be easily convertible to light rail in the future.
With a rail system, this incremental investment is much more difficult, if not impossible. You can't put rails in the street without also installing the overhead catenary infrastructure. Unless a city already has surplus rail cars, those must be purchased simultaneously. Installing rails usually requires full-depth reconstruction of right-of-way. Long story short, there are a lot of major investments, most of which must be made simultaneously. Of course, in many cities where there is large pent-up demand for transit service, these large investments are likely worthwhile. In far more cases, though, cities have only marginal additional demand that don't merit huge one-time investments.
Reclaiming Road Space Through BRT
Far too many American cities still miss the point about road space priorities. In that one paragraph they wrote in the Journal-Constitution article, Ms. Hart says that the high-level BRT systems are costly because “land has to be bought” and cities must “create another lane.” High-level BRT can be an inexpensive alternative to rail precisely because it doesn't require a new lane. And there-in lies the problem: Because most U.S. cities lack the political will power to reallocate road space from cars, they are left finding new space for transit, and suddenly costs skyrocket. After all, “gold standard” BRT isn't expensive because of new right-of-way. (Cleveland's Health Line, which the article cites as high-level BRT, used existing road space.) It's expensive because cities are willing to invest in a lot of infrastructure at once which results in truly high quality transit.
Taking a lane away from private vehicles and allocating it to transit vehicles is politically challenging and not just in the US. In Britain, the government recently removed the dedicated bus lane on London's M4 highway, opening it back up to all traffic. The government capitulated to motorists who complained that they sat in traffic while buses zoomed by in a mostly empty lane. Human Transit's Jarret Walker laments:
Yes, from behind the wheel of your stopped single-occupant car, a well-functioning bus lane looks empty most of the time. But at high-demand times, bus lanes easily move far more people than traffic lanes. The question is: do all the users of the road matter equally? If so, it should be a no-brainer to provide faster travel times to people who use limited capacity more efficiently.
One traffic lane can accommodate approximately 60 buses or 1,800 automobiles per hour. Assuming a capacity of 60 passengers per bus, and an average occupancy of automobiles of 1.59 passengers, bus lanes can carry 3,600 passengers per hour, while a mixed traffic lane will only achieve about 2,900. If you add articulated buses, which have a capacity of 110 passengers, the capacity of a bus lane is even higher.
If these efficiencies aren't fully communicated, it will be next to impossible to justify to policymakers taking a lane of road away from private vehicles, and even harder to justify such changes to the drivers. New right-of-way is indeed expensive, leaving many cities to implement their BRT systems in mixed traffic, to the ultimate disappointment of customers who are often promised “rail-like” priority.
Rapid bus service still suffers from communication problems. It's been around since the 1970s and It's time we start accurrately depicting the costs and benefits of these systems. These problems range from the misunderstanding that BRT requires new right-of-way, to the little trumpeted benefit of accommodating smaller, incremental investments, and the misconception that anything labeled BRT will automatically run like a “train on tires.” More in-depth reporting will help alleviate this problem. Even the Atlanta Journal-Constitution article, despite slightly misrepresenting the issue, will result in better communication by cities and transit agencies.
Illicit drug use soars in Australia as wastewater analysis shows rising ice use
Posted
A record 105,862 illicit drug seizures were made by Australian authorities in 2014-15, while wastewater analysis and arrests show the use of crystal methamphetamine has exploded.
Key points: Drug seizures up 13.7 per cent from 2013-14 to 105,862
Drug arrests up 19.5 per cent at 133,926
Ice seizures increased nearly 500 per cent by weight in SA
The Government has released its Illicit Drug Data Report (IDDR) 2014-15, which found there had been a record 133,926 national arrests during the same period, a 19.5 per cent increase on the previous financial year.
Arrests for cannabis were by far the most numerous at 56.1 per cent but in second place was amphetamine-type stimulates (ATS) at 26.5 per cent, particularly ice.
ATS seizures made up 53.6 per cent of a total 23.5 tonnes seized.
It constituted 72.8 per cent of the weight of drugs seized in New South Wales.
The proportion of seizures involving ATS was highest in South Australia at 51.9 per cent, increasing 67 per cent from 452 in 2013-14, to 755 in 2014-15.
The weight of seizures increased an astonishing 478 per cent in SA, from 25,074 grams in 2013-14, to 144,919 grams in 2014-15. It was the biggest percentage increase in the country.
In every other state and territory, cannabis was the most seized drug by numbers.
It was also the biggest by weight, accounting for more than 50 per cent in South Australia, Tasmania, the Northern Territory and Canberra, and accounted for the greatest proportion of actual drug arrests across the country.
Justice Minister Michael Keenan said illicit drug figures equated to 290 seizures and 367 arrests per day.
"Criminals around the world are keen to be part of the market here and 60 per cent of the criminals are on our highest criminal target list," they said.
"60 per cent of them we know are involved in the ice distribution market."
They said the Australian market remained very lucrative for people who "like to pedal in the misery of illegal drugs".
"We pay a premium in Australia, more than almost any other comparable market across the globe," they said.
The IDDR for the first time incorporated data extracted from wastewater analysis, which showed ice use in the community had increased significantly since 2009-2010.
"The mode of detection can help police to do their jobs," Mr Keenan said.
"It can help lead them to illegal clandestine laboratories. It will help us identify which drugs are being supplied and which drugs are increasing or decreasing usage."
Mr Keenan said the ice taskforce recommended more wastewater testing be undertaken and announced $3.6 million would go towards doing so.
South Australia leads in cannabis arrests
In South Australia, 85.4 per cent of drug arrests involved cannabis, the highest proportion of any state or territory.
In Victoria, the proportion of ATS arrests were higher than any other state at 37.3 per cent, while it also had the highest proportion of heroin and other opioids at 4.8 per cent.
New South Wales recorded the highest proportion of cocaine arrests at 3.8 per cent, while in Western Australia, 23.7 per cent of drug arrests were related to "other and unknown" drugs.
Overall drug arrests in the past decade had increased 70.5 per cent from 78,533 in 2005-1006.
Australian Criminal Intelligence Commission chief executive officer Chris Dawson said the statistics showed an overall increase in the illicit drug market.
"Organised crime and transnational crime groups continue to be the main players that are marketing and pedalling drugs in the Australian community," they said.
"The key embarkation points from countries who are routing drugs continues to be very strongly prominent through South-East Asia, through China, Hong Kong, some West African nations and indeed some European countries as well," they said.
Despite the ongoing rise, Mr Keenan said the Government had no plans to "wave the white flag" and the decriminalisation of certain drugs was not being considered.
Topics: health, drug-use, drugs-and-substance-abuse, australia
My Response to GQ and Sam Schube
This month GQ and Sam Schube caused quite an uproar in the wet shaving community with their “How to Shave Face” article featuring a nine-point system for improving your shave. Unfortunately, the article is not available on GQ.com just yet, but, as soon as it is, I'll be sure to post a link here. My immediate thought after reading this article was, “man, I have to write a response to this.” After discussing it with a few folks on Instagram, I was certain I had too. What I would like to do is go through each point put forth by GQ and Schube, and offer my thoughts and any alternatives if applicable.
1. Repeat: Shaving Is Skin Care
I couldn't agree more. As Schube states, shaving keeps your skin remaining smooth and soft. I would just like to add that shaving also exfoliates your skin keeping it healthier by removing dead skin cells too.
2. Slow Down, Samurai
The article points out that it is important to avoid shaving first thing in the morning while you still have that just-woke-up puffiness. Again, I totally agree. I like to sweat a little and get my blood flowing before I shave, so I usually do it after some coffee, breakfast and a workout.
3. Shaving Starts with a Shvitz
Here's where I first disagree with the author. Instead of shaving in the shower or right after, I recommend waiting about ten minutes or so after your shower to shave. This allows your skin to cool off, but your facial hair will remain hydrated and soft, allowing the blade to slice those whiskers more easily while keeping your skin intact. I learned this from Joseph Abbatangelo of ItalianBarber.com on the Moustache and Blade Podcast. If you know anything about ItalianBarber.com or RazoRock, you will know that Joseph is highly recognized as a studied expert in the field of traditional wet shaving.
4. Believe in Peak Oil
I don't disagree with the concept of pre-shave oils, I just don't use them. I personally think they're not a product for everyone. Using any type of oil on my face tends to result in breakouts, and, as such, I don't recommend them for for anyone with normal to oily skin or combination skin. The only pre-shave product that I use regularly is the Proraso Pre-Shave Cream, on which you can read more here.
Merkur 34C
5. Choose Your Weapon
Okay, just no. This item is my major bone of contention. Here Schube recommends either using the “latest and greatest” multi-blade cartridge monstrosity from Gillette or a $350 electric razor from Philips Norelco. I feel bad for the author here because I am convinced that these might not be their choices, but GQ courting some of it's major advertisers. I will put my Merkur Slant or Merkur 34C and a Feather blade up against either of these any day of the week.
6. Try a More Loving Lather
“Steer clear of Dad's trusty foam.” Good…good. “Dove Men+Care” No. You almost had me, Sam. Just take a look at this ingredient list. I don't want Tetrasodium EDTA, PEG- 14M or Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate anywhere near my skin. Why avoid the can of foam and then opt for a tube of industrial chemicals instead? Instead grab a tube of Musgo Real shaving cream or a tub of Cella shaving soap. Both have a much shorter and simpler ingredient lists and will last much, much longer, all while providing a better shave. Sure, you will need a brush too, but something like the Semogue 1305 is a great value, and will last years.
7. Master the Angle of Attack
Finally, we're back on the same page. Wet shaving is all about angles and pressure. Finding the right angle and using as little pressure as possible will give you the best shave of your life.
8. Study the Map of Your Face
This one is crucial. Everyone's facial hair grows in a little differently. There are commonalities, but you should take the time to study your own beard to know the pattern of the grain. Knowing this will help you to make that first pass with the grain and subsequent passes across and against the grain for that baby butt smooth shave we're all looking for.
9. Never Go “Home Alone”
Sure some aftershaves can burn your face like Macaulay Culkin in “Home Alone”, but it's probably more related to the chemicals in the aftershave rather than the alcohol. Bay rums like the extremely popular Captain's Choice Bay Rum contain alcohol and produce a slight burning sensation, but it's more of a soothing feeling than a chemical burn feeling. Other alcohol-based aftershaves like the line from Fine Accoutrements have no burn at all, just a nice cooling effect from the menthol. Additionally, having used both of these products extensively, I can say they are some of the best products I have used on my skin. I have found that the aftershaves that are the most drying and abrasive are the ones whose ingredient list is longer than this post.
Do I have a bias? Sure. Am I a supporter of single-blade shaving? Absolutely. However, the main reason I am is because it produces a better result. Want more convincing? Check out my post on the five real reasons to switch to double-edged safety razor shaving. I enjoyed the article and I appreciated the portions devoted to preparation and technique. However, I think the article fell flat on the steps involving product recommendations. I am a current GQ subscriber and will continue to be one, but, like any resource, I will apply my own thoughts and experiences before following any advice blindly, and you should too.
Have you read the GQ article? What did you think? Leave a comment or reach out on social media.
Regards,
Tailor & Barber
Starting this year, AOL has changed how it distributes its matching 401(k) contributions for all employees, which could put a sizable dent in the retirement accounts for workers who part ways with the company before the end of 2014.
The company, which owns TechCrunch and, it goes without saying, employs me, matches 50 percent of up to 6 percent of our pre-tax income (or a 3 percent maximum match, for the non math-majors). Until recently, AOL would make its matching contributions each pay period. For employees who take full advantage, this means all year long you would be working with an additional 3 percent of your salary in the market, gratis. Not bad for a year like 2013 when all three major stock market indices enjoyed double-digit gains.
In the new changes, which were included in the 2014 AOL employee benefits summary, the match amount remains unchanged, but instead of being paid out throughout the year, it will be received as a lump sum after the end of the year. Perhaps worst of all, employees who leave AOL before Dec. 31 will forfeit the company match altogether. This means an employee could lose potentially thousands of dollars in retirement savings if the match is forfeited.
AOL is not the first big U.S. tech company to do this. IBM made the same move in 2012, and a Wall Street Journal report cautioned that it could start a trend among big companies looking to trim their retirement account budget line. Four months after the retirement account changes, IBM announced it would be laying off thousands of workers as part of a global restructuring plan, Bloomberg reported at the time. In January, AOL sold off controlling interest in its long-hemorrhaging hyperlocal journalism effort, Patch (which, disclosure, I also used to be part of) to investment firm Hale Global, laying off several hundred employees in the process.
However, AOL has not announced any plans for further layoffs.
Overall, AOL has been doing well. It beat Wall Street estimates on its latest earnings report, announcing a 6 percent increase in revenue to $561 million for Q3 last year, largely on the strength of its video advertising business, which included several high-profile acquisitions in 2013. For the year, shares in the company soared more than 50 percent, last month hitting their highest price since the split from Time-Warner in 2009.
Now, for some perspective, many companies, even ones I've worked for, abandoned their matching contribution policy long before the Great Recession. Matching contributions and other monetary perks are always low-hanging fruit when the economy turns. The fact that AOL offers a match at all is a privilege, and I acknowledge it as a privilege. However, if the purpose of company matching contributions is to encourage employees to save money, this new policy, which effectively renders the match conditional, blunts that “we're all in this together” feeling typically associated with it.
I personally have maxed out on the company match since I started working for AOL, and the bi-monthly matching contributions coupled with a rebounding stock market has made for a modest but adequate cushion, which has been, frankly, invigorating to watch grow. It not only gives me peace of mind knowing I'm some semblance of “on track” to retire comfortably, but it takes the sting out of putting aside 6 percent of my pay seeing AOL's contribution side-by-side each pay period.
With the decline of pensions in America, and every worker decades from retirement wondering about future of Social Security, the 401(k) has essentially become the investment vehicle for working people. Every dollar I lose out on today translates to multiple dollars lost from my retirement coffers.
[Update] AOL CEO Tim Armstrong addressed the changes today in an employee town hall conference call, pledging openness and transparency regarding changes to benefits. They issued the following statement in an internal AOL communication:
AOLers – As we discussed at the town hall, we care about you and the company – a lot. This morning, I discussed the increases we and many other companies are seeing in healthcare costs. In that context, I mentioned high-risk pregnancy as just one of many examples of how our company supports families when they are in need. We will continue supporting members of the AOL family. We provide a wide range of benefits – including our 401k plan – and conduct open information sessions each Fall on all available benefits as well as any changes being made. We will continue to do that. The spirit of the town hall and the spirit of how we choose benefits are the same – we want to be open and transparent about the choices we make and why we are making them. As I have said over and over again, our employees are our greatest asset. Let's move forward together as a team. – TA
*Final disclosure, as part of the employee stock purchasing program, I currently own two (2) shares of AOL stock.
What does it take to become an emergency manager? First, emergency management is a white-collar, professional job. The days of the retired firefighter turned emergency manager are fading quickly, replaced by a new breed of highly credentialed, educated professionals whose main career field is emergency management or something very close to it. This is happening because of a combination of governments requiring certain education and experience levels for positions of responsibility, and an industry push toward a greater focus on standards and education.
What that means to the prospective emergency management job seeker is that the core competencies of an emergency manager are only slightly different from that of an engineer, an accountant or an attorney (so much so that many emergency managers started out as engineers, accountants and attorneys). Skills such as clear writing, oral communication, critical thinking, problem-solving and project management are highly transferable and form the basis of a professional career. Conversely, if a candidate's writing skills are poor or they can't demonstrate the ability to brief a project plan during an interview, the odds of them being hired are marginal at best.
Writing, thinking and communication skills are inseparably linked to presentation, presence and attitude. These are skills and characteristics that should be perfected well in advance of submitting a resume or attending an interview. What do quality presentation, presence and attitude look like? Any decent job-seeking site will just call them the basics of a good interview. This includes showing up on time dressed in a suit and tie, shaking the hand of the person with whom you are interviewing, acting respectfully yet presenting your own ideas, and having a positive attitude about starting the job. Candidates need to look and act the part if they wish their future employer to take them seriously, especially if this is their first job.
Perfecting the art of professionalism takes time, effort, and yes, a bit of money. A few tips to consider:
First, resumes should be reviewed and practice interviews critiqued by someone who will be critical of performance. Best friends and relatives are generally poor at giving constructive feedback. They tend to put their desire not to hurt feelings above providing productive criticism. Educators and professional colleagues are often a better bet. Just be sure to thank them for their time.
Always show up to an interview at least 15 minutes early. It is the respectful thing to do, allows for a margin in case of “poor building design,” and lets you have a casual (yet often invaluable) conversation with potential future colleagues prior to the interview. You may even get a free cup of coffee out of the deal.
Spend the money on a professional suit (grey, black or navy), white shirt, leather business shoes and tie. Then have the suit tailored. Yes, this will cost you around $1,000 total, but trust me, it is the best investment you will make for starting a career after graduation.
Follow-up interviews with a “thank you” email (assuming correspondence up to this point was by email, which it usually is), and be sure to follow up about two weeks after the interview if a decision was not yet made.
If this sounds like general job-seeking advice, that is because it is. But it is also where a majority of emergency management candidates trip up and land at the bottom of a two-inch-high stack of resumes. But what about skills specific to emergency management? This is an emergency management article after all, right? Let's break this up into four categories.
Experience Versus Education
What is more important? This is a chicken versus egg question, because often one is required to get the most of the other. Many entry-level jobs require a few years of experience to even be considered. Nonsensical as this may seem, the part that is often left out is that it does not have to be paid experience, nor does it necessarily have to be experienced in an emergency management position. It just has to be passably relevant to the position.
All education and experience is not equal either. A candidate with a four-year degree from a nationally recognized, not-for-profit, regionally accredited residential university who completes a summer internship or two in emergency management has a much higher chance of getting a job than an individual who took every FEMA independent study course available. Online education has its place. YouTube has saved me thousands of dollars in home and car repairs. However, online education alone will not make a great emergency manager. The profession operates on the dynamic interaction of humans under time and resource constraints. That type of knowledge and skill can only be taught with a significant amount of face-to-face interaction. More directly, online education is great for awareness but poor for teaching people how to put ideas into practice. That's why virtually all of FEMA's advanced emergency management and incident command courses are taught face-to-face either through certified training officers or by a FEMA instructor.
With regard to experience, I am often asked where someone looking to get started in the emergency management field should look for experience. Unfortunately there is no one right answer. Some resources that may be available are local emergency management outreach programs such as CERT or the Medical Reserve Corps, local emergency management educators such as ones at community colleges or universities, volunteer groups, police department “Citizen Academies” or connections gained through firefighting or EMS. There are dozens of opportunities in every community, but the catch is that they are never the same between two places and discovery takes considerable effort. Keep asking, keep looking online, keep meeting people, and make good impressions with anyone you meet. It can take months to get a foot in the door, but the odds will eventually work out.
Concepts Versus Rhetoric
This may be better called the, “Explain in plain English test,” or “If you can't explain it clearly, you don't understand it well enough.” Emergency managers love their jargon. They love it so much that even FEMA's own acronyms, abbreviations and terms handbook is an acronym itself, called the “FAAT Book.” Even though the terms change with new administrations, the core ideas behind emergency management have changed little in the last decade or three.
For the candidate, that means understanding the functions, objectives and goals of emergency management at the conceptual level. A candidate who can articulate why there is a National Response Framework or what role an emergency manager plays during a snowstorm is far more valuable than a candidate who has memorized every core capability or Emergency Support Function. Want the best test for this? Tell your parents you want to be an emergency manager, explain to them what it is you'd like to do, and then have them explain it back to you. Unlike feedback on a resume, this is a time when a relative's feedback will be valuable, but for very different reasons. If the parent, aunt, uncle or friend cannot explain back the ideas the job seeker just articulated, then the job seeker should work on understanding the concepts a bit better. Emergency management should (and does) make sense at an intuitive level, but the baggage of proprietary terminology often makes concepts difficult to understand even for experienced practitioners of the field. It is easy to get caught up in the professional vernacular when simplicity of words and thought will do.
Telling Versus Asking
A former boss of mine once said, “The interview does not matter until the candidate starts asking me questions.” Questions indicate how much the candidate has been paying attention, the amount of preparation they did, and if the candidate can demonstrate a critical thought process. Ask questions related to specific activities performed by the organization such as, “How does your organization do community outreach to non-English speaking populations?” or “What were the outcomes of your last major functional exercise?” Candidates should prepare questions to ask prior to the interview, make notes on what questions to ask while the interviewer is talking about the job and organization, and ask follow-up questions even after the interviewer has given an explanation. A more conversational interview is often a better interview.
Vision Versus Historical Perspective
Ultimately what a candidate should demonstrate is a well-thought-out vision rather than a, “We should have done this” view of the past. A good interviewer will ask a forward-looking question such as, “How do you think you could contribute to this organization,” and this should be the candidate's time to shine. They should have specific things in mind they wish to accomplish, such as improving outreach to populations that may be disproportionately affected by disasters, or implementing technology to assist in tracking of jurisdictionwide resources. Good organizations reward creativity and initiative, and look for candidates who demonstrate both.
The takeaway to all this is that applying to emergency management jobs is not all that different from applying to any other civil service, consulting, or other public-sector or public-sector support (consulting) professional job. If candidates submit a resume and cover letter that would not get an A+ in a college writing class, their odds of getting an interview are very slim because the job market is incredibly competitive. Even with a perfect resume and cover letter, a typical candidate will apply to dozens of jobs before they or they get an interview. The profession is still too new to have established, objective professional and performance standards, where candidates can be all but guaranteed a job if they rank high enough in their graduating class. Keep trying, keep applying, and keep perfecting resume and interview skills. As a business person once told me, “Your job is to always be prepared for your next job.”
Janusz Wasiolek spent more than a decade in the emergency response and management field starting as an EMT in Illinois, and winding up in Washington, D.C., doing situational awareness coordination and preparedness assessments work for FEMA. These opinions are their own. jwasiolek@gmail.com.
As the EDL/Infidels declare their intentions to target left-wing groups and their meetings. Is it time for a security upgrade?
As the EDL breaks up, their acolytes are going one of two ways. Some are choosing to go with Robinson and their merchandise racket, to chase their delusions of electoral grandeur, whilst the rest are joining splinter groups such as the ‘infidels', and returning to their roots of gutter racism street violence.
The Infidels and their supporters completely reject the EDL/BFP project and claim that they will carry on the work that is based on the EDL's founding principles. The added twist to their back to basics campaign is that they are now openly and actively targeting ‘left wing' activities. There are numerous accounts of attacks on ‘occupy' events, threats to attack striking trade unionists, and other incidents such as repeated attacks on a radical bookshop in Liverpool, and a trade union office.
Originally, the EDL was portrayed as a single issue organisation. However, there are large elements of the group that are rapidly moving towards a more traditional fascist organisation.
This change in ideological direction has been recently discussed elsewhere, and I do not want to replicate that discussion. However, for me, the change direction of the EDL/Infidels has many implications for everyone and every group who has an opposing ideology to them. Today, a group of EDL thugs were jailed for an attack on an SWP meeting last year. This type of attack is set to become much more common place. This raises the question of, what are we going to do about it?
Many groups and campaigns advertise their events and meetings as widely as possible. That is fine if there are large numbers attending in a public place, but what about the meetings were there may only be a handful of people? What safety measures do we have, if at all? I am sure that the SWP members that were attacked were just as complacent as I have been.
These bastards are stating that they are actively going to attack left wing gatherings and meetings. I for one will be proposing that the group I am involved with should look at the safety and security of our meetings as a matter of priority.
A statement from the leader of the Infidels faction, John "Snowy" Shaw, states: "We have decided to put all our efforts into opposing everything you do regardless of the issue at hand, it's your organisations we oppose." They add: "Every event you hold will be a potential target along with your meetings, fund raisers and social events."
Some may feel that this is an over-reaction, but looking at what they have done or attempted so far, and reading their threats, and attempts at information gathering online, I feel that a review of how seriously we take security issues needs to take place.
Sanders' supporters see opening in Clinton's home state
CLOSE Bernie Sanders supporters submitted 80,000 signatures Feb. 4, 2016, to get the Democratic presidential hopeful on the primary election ballot in New York. Nick Muscavage, Gannett Albany Bureau
ALBANY, N.Y. — Supporters of Bernie Sanders' presidential bid submitted 80,000 signatures Thursday to get them on the primary ballot in New York, saying the Vermont senator will fare well in Hillary Clinton's home state.
Supporters brought a dozen of boxes to the state Board of Elections near the Capitol in a bid to surpass the 15,000 signatures needed to get on the April 19 presidential primary ballot in New York. Clinton's camp was also expected to file about 80,000 signatures needed to get on the ballot.
But it was Sanders' backers that held a news conference outside the elections board to tout their candidacy and say they can contend in New York with Clinton, who lives in Chappaqua, Westchester County, and is the state's former senator.
Kelleigh McKenzie, a delegate from Ulster County for the Sanders' campaign, said Sanders' campaign has grass-roots enthusiasm.
“In Ulster County, there are several independent Bernie grass-roots groups since last July,” they said. “The enthusiasm and commitment, just the sheer number of hours people are giving, I see it everywhere. I think that what they stand for, their values, appeal to the majority of the people.”
Sanders is from Brooklyn, but made a political career for themselves in Vermont.
“My guess — but we'll let the numbers speak for themselves — is that Hillary Clinton is viewed by more New York Democrats as the native daughter than Sanders as is the native son,” Steven Greenberg, spokesperson for the Siena College Poll, said. The college will have a poll next week on the race in New York.
Greenberg said that Clinton has been elected statewide twice by New York voters, although the last time a decade ago in 2006. But Sanders also has an appeal to New York voters, “so it will be very interesting to see where New York Democrats are,” Greenberg said.
Clinton supporters said they will carry New York.
“Hillary Clinton has the drive, experience and enthusiasm to lead our country forward,” Senate Democratic Leader Andrea Stewart-Cousins, D-Yonkers, said in a statement. "Hillary has served our nation, both at home and abroad, with distinction and has proven their Democratic values and pragmatic approaches to achieving results."
Cari Gardner, a Sanders delegate from Westchester County, said they support Sanders.
“Bernie's got the message that we need to hear,” Gardner said.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1X6AzJw
EAST LANSING -- Michigan State has its conference football schedules for 2018 and 2019, assuming the Big Ten doesn't expand further before then.
Playing in the East Division, Michigan State plays cross-division games against Northwestern, Purdue and at Nebraska in 2018. The Spartans' cross-division games in 2019 are at Northwestern, at Wisconsin and home against Illinois.
The dates of the games against rival Michigan are Oct. 20, 2018 at Spartan Stadium and Nov. 16, 2019 in Ann Arbor.
One quirk comes in the 2019 schedule when the Spartans have two bye weeks in the span of three weeks, with a game against Penn State in between.
The only known Michigan State non-conference game with a scheduled date during those seasons is a Sept. 22, 2018 against South Florida.
Here are the schedules:
2018
Sept. 22 – at Indiana
Oct. 6 – Northwestern
Oct. 13 – at Penn State
Oct. 20 – Michigan
Oct. 27 – Purdue
Nov. 3 – at Maryland
Nov. 10 – Ohio State
Nov. 17 – at Nebraska
Nov. 24 – Rutgers
2019
Sept. 21 – at Northwestern
Sept. 28 – Indiana
Oct. 5 – at Ohio State
Oct. 12 – at Wisconsin
Oct. 26 – Penn State
Nov. 9 – Illinois
Nov. 16 – at Michigan
Nov. 23 – at Rutgers
Nov. 30 – Maryland
• Download the MSU basketball on MLive app for iPhone and Android
• Download the MSU football on MLive app for iPhone and Android
• Follow Diamond Leung and Mike Griffith on Twitter
• Like MLive's Michigan State Spartans Facebook page
Kristina Pedersen
Fans of Stranger Things have a present coming their way, and it comes in the form of Post Animal, a Chicago rock and roll band featuring Joe Keery (Steve, Nancy's boyfriend) on guitar.
Yep, the band is set to embark on a national tour which hits New World Brewery in Ybor City on June 30.
Review: Crowd gets weird at The Bends' "Stranger Things" Party on Friday
Before you write this off as some gimmicky, bullshit, kitschy shit, do know that the group — which also features Dalton Allison, Jake Hirshland, Javi Reyes, Wesley Toledo and Matt Williams — is no joke. Seriously, listen to the heavy psych-pop, Toro Y Moi x Tame Impala vibes on a March 2016 single, "When I Get Home."
Albums Of The Year 2016: Kyle Dixon & Michael Stein —Stranger Things, Volume One & Volume Two
What's more is that Post Animal has been doing its thing since way before we all pretended to care about Demogorgon and 80's synth soundtracks. So there.
Tickets for the show are on sale now and will cost you $7-$10. More info is available at local.cltampa.com. Check out more music and the tour poster below.
Post Animal w/TBA
Fri. June 30, 8 p.m. $7-$10.
Tokyo (CNN) -- Crews resumed spraying water at the quake-damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear facility early Monday, Kyodo News reported, one day after the Japanese government slapped restrictions on some food produced around the plant.
Workers have begun to see some success in their battle to cool down the reactors, but Japanese officials said they may need to release additional radioactive gas into the air.
The plant's owner, Tokyo Electric Power Co., said electricity was being supplied to a switchboard in reactor No. 2.
But officials said they were monitoring reactor No. 3 to determine whether to release gas to reduce mounting pressure in the containment vessel -- the steel and concrete shell that insulates radioactive material inside.
Power company officials said pressure was higher than previous readings -- but stable -- Sunday afternoon. And Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano said the pressure increase did not require "an immediate release of the air at this moment."
Still, "even in the best scenario, there will be a lot of bumps ahead," Edano told reporters as they assessed the situation at the plant in a briefing Sunday.
There are six reactors at the nuclear plant, where workers have been struggling to stave off a full meltdown since a 9.0-magnitude earthquake and ensuing tsunami knocked out cooling systems.
Workers have injected steam to release pressure in previous operations.
The dual disasters, which struck March 11, devastated much of northeastern Japan. On Monday, the country's national police said 8,649 people were confirmed dead, 2,702 were injured and 12,877 remained missing as search efforts continued. In Miyagi prefecture alone -- one of the hardest-hit areas -- police said the death toll could climb to 15,000.
Amidst the gloom came a ray of hope Sunday when medical officials in the Miyagi city of Ishinomaki said they had rescued an 80-year-old grandmother and their 16-year-old grandson, who had been trapped inside their house for nine days.
Police were searching for survivors in the vicinity, Kadonowakimachi, in the southern part of Ishinomaki near the coast. The boy managed to crawl through the rubble onto the roof, the Ishinomaki police department said.
A relative had reported the two missing on March 13, police said.
In Fukushima, authorities have evacuated about 200,000 people from a 20-kilometer (12-mile) area surrounding the plant, but the crisis there has sparked concern across the country.
Very small amounts -- far below the level of concern -- of radioactive iodine have been detected in tap water in Tokyo and most prefectures near the Fukushima plant.
The health ministry said levels of radioactive iodine three times greater than the regulated standard were found in drinking water in a village near the Fukushima plant and asked residents not to drink from the tap, Kyodo News reported Sunday.
The Japanese government has banned the sale of raw milk from Fukushima Prefecture, where the Fukushima Daiichi plant is located, and prohibited the sale of spinach from neighboring Ibaraki Prefecture after finding levels of radioactive iodine and cesium higher than government standards, the country's Health Ministry reported. And officials in Fukushima halted the distribution of locally grown vegetables outside the prefecture.
Edano said the contaminated milk detected in Fukushima prefecture had not been distributed or sold.
On Saturday, officials said tainted milk was found 30 kilometers (18 miles) from the plant, and spinach was collected as far as 100 kilometers (65 miles) to the south, almost halfway to Tokyo.
A person who consumed the tainted food continuously for a year would take in the same amount of radiation as a single CT scan, Edano said Saturday. That's about 7 millisieverts, or double what an average person in an industrialized country is exposed to in a year, according to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.
"Even if you consume the spinach in question for a long time, it will not pose an immediate threat to your health," Edano said Sunday.
Six members of an emergency crew working to restore electricity at the plant have been exposed to more than 100 millisieverts of radiation per hour.
Officials say regaining electrical power could bring cooling systems back online -- a key step in curbing the further emission of radioactive material and preventing a full nuclear meltdown. A meltdown occurs when nuclear fuel rods get so hot that they melt the steel and concrete structure containing them, spilling out into the air and water with potentially deadly results.
The earthquake and tsunami knocked out regular and backup cooling systems at the plant.
It was unclear whether the cooling system in reactor No. 2 was working after power was restored Sunday.
The plan is to get power up and running for the Numbers 1, 3 and 4 reactors soon. Cooling systems at the Numbers 5 and 6 reactors -- the least troublesome of the group -- have already been restored, Kyodo News said.
On Saturday, authorities set up a new system to spray seawater continuously on the troubled reactors for extended periods of time. Previously, firefighters, soldiers and electric company workers had manually done the same in brief intervals to avoid prolonged radiation exposure.
Water was directed at the No. 3 reactor's spent fuel pool on Saturday in order to cool it and prevent the emission of more radioactive material into the atmosphere. Authorities have also started spraying the No. 4 reactor and continued efforts there Sunday.
CNN's Junko Ogura and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report.
President Donald Trump and French President Emmanuel Macron are no strangers to the awkward handshake.
But their most recent embrace in Paris on Friday - which lasted a whopping 30 seconds - has been branded the 'most bizarre' yet between the two world leaders.
Body language expert Patti Wood told DailyMail.com that Macron had the upper hand as the pair said au revoir at the conclusion of the US leader's visit to France.
They also described Trump's awkward embrace with France's First Lady on Thursday as 'violent and rough'.
'It's incredibly different, too bizarre for a greeting between two world leaders,' Wood told DailyMail.com.
The epic 30 second handshake battle between Donald Trump and Emmanuel Macron in Paris on Friday was a clear power struggle, a body language expert says
'One thing was the length of time the two men held hands - time communicates dramatically. I believe it lasted 30 seconds, they just didn't let go. That was a power struggle.'
Wood believes Trump had the lower hand right from the start and tried to grip on to maintain they still had power.
'It started with Macron holding their hand palm down. That handshake they offered put Trump immediately in a palm-up, submissive handshake,' they said.
'It made Trump submissive and they lost the power.
'Macron would not let go. They had made the decision ahead of time not to let Trump win the handshake - they kept gripping hard.'
The pair shook hands as Trump departed a military parade during the Bastille Day celebration. They continued awkwardly clasping hands as they walked along the parade route.
At one point, Trump patted Macron's hand and they jerked their hands back and forth in an arm wrestling motion.
Trump was trying to show they still had power by taking Macron's wife's hand midway through their embrace, according to the body language expert
The pair shook hands as Trump departed a military parade during the Bastille Day celebration. They continued awkwardly clasping hands as they walked along the parade route
Macron bids farewell to Trump with a very firm handshake as Melania watches on after the traditional Bastille Day parade in Paris on Friday
Wood said both leaders have shown in the past they typically pull the other person during a handshake.
'(Trump) likes to pull the person towards them so the hands are right in front of their chest, right over their heart. In this case Macron was attempting to do that and succeeded several times,' they said.
Trump then shook hands with Macron's wife, Brigitte, as they bizarrely continued to shake hands with the French president.
Wood says Trump's behavior was all part of the power struggle.
'Trump did things to not let go, but also to show power,' they said.
'In the bid to regain power, Trump created a bizarre ring-around-the rosy dance with Macron and Brigitte.
'He patted the president's arm, they reached for the wife - that whole interaction was very hard. They took their outside arm and gripped them so tightly. That was just odd.'
Trump held Brigitte in a death grip on Thursday when they greeted him. The body expert described Trump's awkward embrace with them as somewhat 'violent and rough'
Trump kissed Mme Macron Parisian-style, once on each cheek, before taking both their hands for a prolonged grip, in which they appeared to jerk their left arm towards them
They said Trump's actions implied they were trying to show Macron 'that I control your woman'.
'It was a strange, bizarre interaction,' Wood added.
It followed the awkward lingering embrace between the French First Lady and Trump as they and their husband welcomed them and Melania to Paris on Thursday.
Trump kissed Mme Macron Parisian-style, once on each cheek, before taking both their hands for a prolonged grip, in which they appeared to jerk their left arm towards them as they appeared to be struggling to get them to let go.
'He did that bizarre thing where they jerked their hand up and up - it was violent and oddly rough,' Wood said.
Trump and Macron have a history of handshake battles.
At a NATO summit in Brussels in May, the two world leaders locked hands for so long that their knuckles started turning white.
Macron later called that handshake a 'moment of truth' to show he's not a pushover.
SANTA CLARA, CA--(Marketwire - March 18, 2013) - The Python Software Foundation has reached a settlement in its recent trademark dispute with PO Box Hosting Limited trading as Veber in Europe. The issue centered around Veber's use of the Python name for their cloud hosting services and their application for a figurative trademark incorporating the word "Python". While the Foundation retains the trademark for Python within the United States, it did not have a filing within the European Union. According to the terms of the settlement, Veber has withdrawn its trademark filing and has agreed to support the Python Software Foundation's use of the term.
The amicable agreement reached between the two sides will result in a rebranding of Veber's Python cloud server and backup services, which continue to be available at http://www.veber.co.uk. Veber will rebrand the Python services later under a yet to be determined name.
"We are happy to come to an agreement with Veber," said Van Lindberg, chairperson of the Python Software Foundation. "What the PSF wants most is to support the global community of Python developers. To Veber's credit, they were willing to recognize the Python brand without protracted negotiations. We are grateful for Veber's support and we wish them luck in their business."
Tim Poultney, Managing Director of PO Box Hosting and Veber, said, "Veber are pleased to have reached a speedy and amicable agreement with the Python Software Foundation. The use of the Python name for our cloud server and backup business has ceased with the services now available in Europe from Veber. This agreement will remove potential confusion between the Python software language and our cloud services business."
The Foundation thanks the Python community for their immense outpouring of support throughout the dispute, both financially and through the letter writing campaign undertaken by organizations across European Union member states.
Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next option
Scissortail Park revealed as MAPS 3 Park name
In the spring of 2017, the City collected more than 5,000 MAPS 3 Park name ideas from residents and visitors. A committee narrowed those to six finalists, and a public vote to choose the winner concluded June 14, 2017. Scissortail Park emerged as the winner, and the name was announced at the park's official groundbreaking June 29, 2017.
The six finalists were:
Skydance Green
Union Station Commons
Painted Sky Park
Renaissance Green
Prairie River Park
Scissortail Park
Mayor Mick Cornett and the City Council invited residents to participate in naming the park. The only restriction was that the park won't be named after a person.
The members of the committee that selected the finalists were:
For all the questions and criticism the Leafs received for this summer's draft, one pick that was almost uniformly met with positivity was Carl Grundstrom.
With the pick they received from Washington in the Winnik deal, Toronto looked to their Euro scouts, perhaps more specifically Thommie Bergman, who's unearthed some valuable prospects from the Tre Konor over the years.
Grundstrom comes by way of Sweden's top tier men's league – where he's played the last two years – and that makes them particularly intriguing (and perhaps a little hard to read) compared to some of the other mid-pack prospects on our list. Based on the votes, the TLN group is relatively high on him.
The Votes
Jeff Ryan H. Shawn Ryan F. Adam Dom Jess Katy Readers 14 13 13 9 15 17 16 N/A 17
This is Grundstrom's first summer in the Leafs organization.
Player Bio
Position Hometown Height Weight Hand 2015 Team Acquired LW/RW Umea, SWE 6'0 194 L MODO Hockey 2016 Draft (2-57)
The Stats
SEASON AGE TEAM LEAGUE GP G A TP NHLe PIM +/- 2010-11 12 IF Björklöven U16 U16 SM 3 1 0 1 N/A 0 N/A 2011-12 13 IF Björklöven U16 U16 SM 6 5 2 7 N/A 4 2 IF Björklöven J18 J18 Allsvenskan 5 0 1 1 2.5 2 -2 2012-13 14 IF Björklöven J18 J18 Elit 19 10 8 18 11.37 24 12 Sweden U16 (all) International-Jr 11 4 4 8 N/A 14 0 2013-14 15 MODO Hockey J18 J18 Elit 8 7 8 15 22.5 10 20 MODO Hockey J18 J18 Allsvenskan 10 12 4 16 19.2 37 12 MODO Hockey J20 SuperElit 31 6 4 10 4.84 6 -6 Sweden U17 (all) International-Jr 13 6 4 10 N/A 8 -2 2014-15 16 MODO Hockey J20 SuperElit 27 21 15 36 20 53 15 MODO Hockey SHL 24 2 3 5 9.37 8 -4 Sweden U18 (all) International-Jr 20 9 8 17 N/A 20 3 2015-16 17 MODO Hockey SHL 49 7 9 16 14.69 53 -2 Sweden U20 (all) International-Jr 20 4 4 8 N/A 16 2 2016-17 18 Sweden U20 (all) International-Jr 3 2 1 3 N/A 0 N/A
Projection Stats
pGPSn pGPSs pGPS% pGPS PPG pGPS PP82 pGPSr 31 (10/18) 14 (10/18) 45.2% (5/18) 0.61 (5/18) 50.28 (5/18) 27.69 (6/18)
pGPSn: The number of matches between the subject and the player-seasons (one season by a single player, i.e, John Tavares 2008 OHL) in the historical sample.
The number of matches between the subject and the player-seasons (one season by a single player, i.e, John Tavares 2008 OHL) in the historical sample. pGPSs: The number of statistical matches that became NHL regulars. This is determined by playing 200 NHL games.
The number of statistical matches that became NHL regulars. This is determined by playing 200 NHL games. pGPS%: Simply s divided by n, this is the percentage of statistical matches that successfully became NHL players.
Simply s divided by n, this is the percentage of statistical matches that successfully became NHL players. pGPS PPG: The NHL points per game of successful matches.
The NHL points per game of successful matches. pGPS P82: The same as pGPS PPG, but stretched over 82 games.
The same as pGPS PPG, but stretched over 82 games. pGPSr: A bit of a hybrid number, this pGPS Rating combines the percentage and points per game to produce a number that includes both likelihood of success and potential upside.
Based on the success of their historical comparables, Grundstrom is projected to become a second line forward.
To learn more about the Prospect Graduation Probabilities System, check out this post.
The Eye Test
Grundstrom is known as a pretty complete player (considering their age), a two-way winger who can pour on the shots and drive the net hard. He's spent the entirety of their career to date in Sweden, so our exposure to them here on this side of the pond is obviously limited. But they have suited up in international tourneys at essentially every junior level, including the U20 World Juniors as a draft-eligible – an accomplishment on its own.
Scouts are somewhat split on their skating ability and the sandpaper portion of their game, but generally agree they play a high energy style on both sides of the puck. Here's what Corey Pronman had to say about Grundstrom heading into the draft a couple months ago:
Grundstrom's skill level has stood out to me, and they showed the ability to make high-end skill plays, but they really excels in playing a two-way forward-type of role. They have decent strength for a player their age, kills penalties well and has a little edge to their game. Grundstrom also shows slightly above-average speed, on top of pretty good puck skills. He'll occasionally make a highlight-reel type of play, but their hands and vision more consistently show as merely above-average.
As Seen On TV
The Buildup
The most important thing about Grundstrom's career in the SHL up until now is that they fit the 51% rule. Just throw everything else out the window, this guy's going to be an NHL player.
What is this magical rule? Buckle up.
From Shawn Reis back in May:
…since the inception of the Swedish Hockey League back in the mid-70s, 51% of all players that played in that league under the age of 18 that also had a point per game of at least .09, ended up playing 200 NHL games or more. That even included players that played as little as a handful of games in the league.
Grundstrom's 0.21 points-per-game easily fits the criteria, and as such all we have to do is sit back and wait for this star to shine.
But seriously, Grundstrom's been a solid pro, and their experience in an adult league is impossible to overlook. While they haven't been much of scorer at that level yet, keep in mind William Nylander wasn't either in their draft-eligible year.
Next Season
“Next season” has basically already started for Grundstrom, as he's already scoring for their new Frolunda team in their preseason schedule. Grundstrom made the move from MODO to Frolunda this summer, as the former was relegated from the top league. Given he's got a new home with a much stronger club (the defending champs, in fact), we can expect an uptick in their production.
They won't be a Marlie, so it's unfortunate that Leafs supporters aren't going to see much of Grundstrom this season, but they should be an easy choice to suit up for the World Juniors team again – this time with an increased role.
Closing Thoughts
Grundstrom was seen a solid selection by most at the time of the draft, and it seems as though he's viewed as the Leafs' best pick outside of Matthews to a lot of folks. That's mostly notable because Korshkov was taken nearly a full round ahead of him. It's also reflected in our voting, as Grundstrom hits this list a few spots ahead of the KHL product.
The Rankings So Far
Uber vice president Emil Michael mused aloud about the possibility of the company conducting opposition research on hostile journalists, reports Ben Smith of Buzzfeed. Michael was especially concerned about Sarah Lacy's coverage at Pando Daily. Smith also reports that "the general manager of Uber NYC accessed the profile of a BuzzFeed News reporter, Johana Bhuiyan, to make points in the course of a discussion of Uber policies." This is the latest in a long series of controversies for the company, whose basic business model often puts it in conflict with incumbent taxi companies and regulators. CEO Travis Kalanick has sort of apologized for the remarks, but isn't disciplining anyone or otherwise altering how Uber works structurally.
Uber has an asshole problem
When Uber got off the ground as a company, its business had an unusual problem. In many markets where it was operating, it was violating the letter of the law. And in essentially all markets where it was operating, it was violating the spirit of the law. That's because the "spirit" of the prevailing taxi regulations was, almost everywhere, wrong and pernicious. Alongside regulations aimed at promoting public safety, almost every city and state is burdened with rules designed to protect the incomes of incumbent taxi license holders.
Uber's business was (and is) to destroy the value of those licenses by opening up the rides-for-hire market to a potentially unlimited supply of vehicles and drivers.
It's a perfectly good idea for the world, but you never could have gotten it off the ground by asking permission first. Even where Uber's business didn't violate existing rules, it undermined the (pernicious) purpose of those rules and rules could always be changed to exclude it. Consequently, the company benefitted enormously from a "shoot first, ask questions later" mindset.
But dispositions that are functional and useful in one context can become rancid in another. A conviction that the rules don't (or shouldn't) apply to you is fine when you're battling a taxi mogul who compares your business to ISIS. But it's extremely unattractive when you start talking about compromising customer user data for the purposes of blackmail. And it's completely insane when that kind of recklessness leads you to talk to journalists about the oppo tactics you're planning to deploy against other journalists.
Time for Uber to grow up
As Uber gets bigger and more established, its executives can look less like brash upstarts and more like assholes. Moves like hiring former top Obama advisor David Plouffe, show that the company is hardly on the outside looking in. It has a valuation of $18 billion, and clear aspirations to move beyond the ride business to a broader array of "urban logistics" operations.
That's all great. But to succeed at that level, the company needs to grow up.
Users really are entrusting the company with a lot of personal information about their comings and goings. If Uber wants to play a broader role in customers' lives, the volume of data available to the company will grow even further. Privacy concerns are nothing new in the digital economy. But serious players try to take them seriously. If executives from Google even suggested for a minute that the company might use its trove of data to blackmail enemies, the whole enterprise would be at risk of regulatory vaporization — and rightly so.
The vision of free entry into the rides-for-hire market is appealing, and it took a certain devil-may-care attitude to get it off the ground. But it is off the ground now. Uber is a major company. And it's time to start acting like it. Not all rules are made to be broken. The fact that Michaels is getting a kind of verbal scolding rather than suffering real consequences suggests that maybe the company's board and CEO still don't get that.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Dmitry Rybolovlev made their fortune in potash mining
A Russian billionaire has been ordered to pay more than 4bn Swiss francs (£2.7bn; $4.5bn) to their ex-wife to settle a six-year divorce battle.
The Geneva court's verdict means Dmitry Rybolovlev, the owner of French football team AS Monaco, will lose around half of their estimated fortune.
Elena Rybolovleva has been fighting over the divorce terms since 2008.
Mr Rybolovlev, known as the "fertiliser king," made their money in mining potash, used in agricultural fertilisers.
Their ex-wife's lawyer called the settlement "the most expensive divorce in history".
Ms Rybolovleva was also reported to have won custody of the couple's 13-year-old daughter Anna. They have another daughter - Ekaterina, a 25-year-old showjumper.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Dmitry Rybolovlev has two daughters - their eldest is a showjumper
Mr Rybolovlev's lawyer did not comment but the judgement can go to appeal.
The couple, who wed in Cyprus, were married for 23 years.
Forbes values the business person's fortune at $8.8bn, making them the world's 79th richest person.
Mr Rybolovlev bought AS Monaco Football Club in December 2011 and has spent millions on high-profile players in a battle against Qatari-owned club Paris Saint-Germain.
Although their club is based in the tiny principality of Monaco, it plays in the top football league of neighbouring France, finishing runner-up to the Paris club this season.
The billionaire lives in Monaco but has an extensive network of properties around the world.
They own an estate in the southern French resort of Saint-Tropez, a Greek island, a home in Miami previously owned by US business person Donald Trump, and a villa in Hawaii bought from Hollywood star Will Smith.
As part of my Guest blog series for authors and fellow bloggers I am proud to present another guest blog spot. Peter Fugazzotto author of 5 Bloody Heads has been kind enough to write a guest blog post for us today. I would like to thank Peter for this opportunity to host this guest blog.
Make sure you check out 5 Bloody Heads by Peter Fugazzotto. Available 10-1-15!
Buy on Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B015TBKM98
———————
Three Strategies for Churning Out Books Like a Full-Time Writer When You Have a Job by Peter Fugazzotto
A lot of us dream about becoming a full-time writer. But the reality is that most of us are holding down other jobs to pay the bills. That often means we have a handful of hours available to write.
So how do we pursue this dream when not writing full-time?
Here are three strategies I've used to maximize my time so I can publish a steady stream of books and move closer to my dream.
Write down measurable, annual goals
There's a big difference between saying I want to be a writer and I am going to write two novels and three short stories this year. Which one do you think is more achievable? Which one will bring you closer to the dream of becoming a full-time writer?
That's why I am a big fan of SMART goals: goals that are specific, measurable, achievable, relevant and time-bound.
How many books do you want to write next year? How many words will you write a week? How many stories will you submit for publication next year? How many conferences will you attend? Will you participate in a workshop?
Goals are nothing more than a written plan of the steps you will take to become a full-time writer. Goals also help you orient when the times get tough.
While I have broader 10-year goals, I like to define goals on an annual basis so I can be focused.
Remember that goals are a plan and it's okay if you don't meet all your goals in a given year.
Plot out your stories in advance of writing them
When I first started writing novels, I could never finish them. I would have a good idea, a few interesting characters and an exciting opening. Inevitably, I would hit a point about 40,000 words in where the story died: the dreaded writer's block.
This usually happened because I allowed the characters to drift into unforeseen directions, ones that while intriguing did not support the story as a whole.
Since those days, I have learned to plot my stories in advance and my novel drafts get finished.
Plotting shapes a story into a cohesive whole. I start with the seed of an idea, build character arcs, create lines of rising tensions, and then construct a plot weave that details every single scene I will write. This becomes my roadmap.
Having a detailed scene weave in place means there is never a question about where the story will go. And instead, the only thing you need to do is write to get to the end.
Write every day
If you are holding down another job, you need to write every day.
Writing every day does two things.
First, it allows you to stay in the flow of your story which means that you need less time to reorient yourself to the scene, the character and the action. You spend less time catching up and more time writing. Important when your time is tight.
Second, writing every day is the best way to make progress.
I had a period of time when I could only commit half an hour a day to writing during the work week. Each day I wrote 500-750 words per day. That's minimally 2,500 words from Monday to Friday. I tried to match that goal on my weekends which meant 5,000 words a week. That's 20,000 words per month. Four months of work can mean the first draft of an 80,000 word novel.
Commit to those four month blocks twice a year and you can produce 2 novels.
——————–
About the author:
Peter Fugazzotto is a fantasy author who fights to protect the earth by day and battles their ego with armbars and slashing sticks by night. They have won a World Championship in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu and lives in Northern California.
Their short stories have been published in:
HYPERLINK “http://peterfugazzotto.com/about/www.heroicfantasyquarterly.com/?p=1451″Heroic Fantasy Quarterly
and
HYPERLINK “http://grimdarkmagazine.com/”Grimdark Magazine
and their work has appeared in audio form on:
Far Fetched Fables
and
The Grim Tidings Podcast .
Their most recent fantasy novel Five Bloody Heads will be released on October 1st, 2015. This is the third book in their grimdark Hounds of the North series, which follows the adventures and struggles of a band of aging Northern clan mercenaries. Five Bloody Heads is a gritty fantasy story of a greedy bandit-turned-bounty hunter tracking down five ruthless killers along the desolate border of the North.
You can order Five Bloody Heads on Amazon .
Read more from Peter at http://www.peterfugazzotto.com
——————
About the book:
A simple job. Hunt down five killers to secure a bounty of five gems. But how much blood will be spilled?
A gritty fantasy adventure of clashing swords, dark magic and death.
Spear Spyrchylde is failing miserably as an outlaw in the borderlands of the North. Robbing pilgrims has resulted in only a few measly coins. Upstart warlords are encroaching on their territory. And their own impoverished crew is talking mutiny.
So when a blood-covered girl offers Spear Spyrchylde a bounty of five gems for the heads of the five men who killed their family, they jump at the chance to change their fortune.
He's got what it takes to hunt down these men: a hardened crew of bandits, a mysterious companion in a dark magic cloak, and their own blood-soaked sword.
But tracking down the five seasoned killers in the wilderness of the borderlands won't be easy. Especially when one of them is Spear's former henchman Cruhund, now an insane warlord garrisoned behind the walls of a mountain fortress.
So when everything starts to go wrong, Spear will need to decide how much blood they are willing to spill to fulfill their promise to deliver the five bloody heads.
Advertisements
A porn star has revealed they fear recovering drug addict Matthew Perry has relapsed after the actor pleaded with them to get them '40/50' prescription pills.
Adult actor Maddy O'Reilly said Perry, a former lover, contacted them two weeks ago asking if they knew anyone who could help them 'purchase some pills'.
When Maddy, 27, asked the actor what kind, they replied: 'Vicaden (sic)/Roxy's/oxys'.
The Friends star - who is an outspoken addiction recovery advocate after struggling with addictions to alcohol and several prescription drugs during their time on the famous sitcom - was referring to Vicodin, Roxicodone and OxyContin.
All three are powerful and highly addictive opioid prescription painkillers.
In text messages seen by DailyMailTV Maddy asked the desperate actor how much they would be willing to pay for the pills, to which they replied: 'It depends on which one is available. But...a lot.'
Perry's representatives have not responded to DailyMail.com's requests for comment.
In an exclusive interview Maddy told DailyMailTV: 'I was shocked, I knew they are a recovering addict but it was coming out of nowhere, why would they ask me something like that, it's not like we partied or I have a reputation for partying.
Scroll down for video
Maddy O'Reilly, 27, believes Friends actor and former lover Matthew Perry has relapsed after the star messaged them asking for 'pills'
The star appeared ashen, puffy and bloated in photos obtained by DailyMailTV in Beverly Hills on Wednesday
'I was really looking disappointed, it went from us making dinner plans to Matthew asking me for 40 to 50 pills.
'I was also a little offended and annoyed, people often assume because of what I do for a living that's how we are.
'Then it triggered, they just told me they were going through a detox and now he's asking for 40/50 pills, it was a red flag and I was worried.
'I am concerned for Matthew's well-being, we're having the same drugs problem back home in North Carolina, I've seen it destroy many people's lives. I would really hate to see something bad happen to him.'
Later in the text conversation Maddy asked Perry whether they were 'jonesing' - a slang term for craving something badly, usually associated with chemical dependency.
They added provocatively: 'Maybe some of this p***y is what you really need.'
Perry, 48, replied: 'Ha. Not jonesing. But interested :).'
Maddy countered: 'I'll make some calls but I'm a porn star not a drug dealer,' to which polite Perry said: 'I really was not trying to turn you into one. Just wondering if you knew someone. Really did not mean to offend.'
Maddy says other than occasionally smoking marijuana they have never been into drugs and told Perry they would ask around out of politeness.
'Once I told them I'm a porn star not a drug dealer, they were like, "I'm sorry if I offended you".
The adult film actor said Perry messaged them on Instagram and asked Maddy if they wanted to go for dinner and they gave them their number. The actor later canceled on their date and asked for pills instead
Maddy says they first met Perry in 2013 through a mutual friend. They went over to their home where the two watched a movie and then had sex
'I just wanted to let them know, it's not like I have a closet full of drugs for when anyone hits me up.'
Maddy, who lives in Hollywood, is a high profile porn actor who has appeared in over 250 adults films and featured on the cover of Penthouse magazine.
They say they first met Perry in 2013 through a mutual friend.
'He had asked one of my friends about me and wanted to know if they could set us up,' they recall.
'I was like of course, he's super hot, why not. And I went over to their house and ended up having a very nice evening, he's a very normal, very cool guy.
'I was really nervous because I'm a huge fan of theirs and I was taken back by how normal and chill they are, he's your average guy and we ended up really hitting it off.
'We watched a movie in their screen room and ended up having sex.'
Maddy says they didn't suspect Perry was taking drugs while at the star's Hollywood Hills home.
The three-bed, five bath property, in the exclusive Bird Streets pocket above the Sunset Strip, boasts an infinity pool, screen room and shimmering city views and went on the market in June for $13.5million.
'He has an amazing house and he's a great guy but there were no obvious signs they had any kind of opioid addiction, they seemed very normal, sober, we didn't even have a glass of wine,' they recall.
Perry direct messaged Maddy through Instagram this summer asking them out to dinner
O'Reilly says Perry got in touch months later to ask for Vicodin, Roxicodone and OxyContin - highly addictive opioid prescription painkillers
Maddy says they didn't see Perry after that night and their contact 'fell off'.
But on August 28 they received a random message on Instagram from the star.
In the message Perry asked Maddy if they wanted to go for dinner and they gave them their number.
'It was a random message and it looked fake, they only had a few hundred followers so it isn't an official account.
'I asked them how do I know this is really you and they offered to FaceTime but I couldn't right then. They texted and told me the room we hung out at their house and only they could know that.'
After a few text exchanges Maddy says Perry made reservations for them to have dinner at Soho House, a private members' club in West Hollywood, on a Saturday night in early September.
But hours before the date Perry cancelled saying something had come up with their family.
'I had had my hair and makeup done so I was a little annoyed, but I thought oh well,' said Maddy.
'We were texting back and forth and they kind of went quiet so I thought they had changed their mind.
'But then I get a text and they were like, "hey I would like to see you, I am dealing with something right now, I have been going through a detox thing so I have a nurse at my house, but if you want to come over and hang out".
'I didn't think anything of it, this is LA, they could have meant juice detox.
'Then they hit me up again when I was flying home from Northern California from a Halloween celebration, they texted me and said "hey I can see you, I can see you next week."
Perry has been open about their struggles with addiction. They revealed last year that they have no memory of shooting three seasons of Friends because of their drug use
In 1997 Perry completed a 28-day program for Vicodin addiction. The actor, who plummeted to 145lbs at their lowest, admitted they now struggle to even look at photographs of themselves during their substance abuse days
That's when Perry hit Maddy with their question about getting pills.
Maddy's contact with Perry came to a halt soon after.
They added: 'We've not spoken since and I'm a little worried, but I don't know them well enough to be able to do anything about it.
'Knowing that he's had a problem in the past, that they mentioned they were going through detox and then he's asking me for pills, I'm afraid that they have relapsed and their health could be in serious danger.'
Perry's battle with drug addiction has been well documented.
In 1997 the actor completed a 28-day program for Vicodin addiction, later telling Larry King that they took the painkiller 'mostly just to not drink as much as I was.'
In 2001 they entered a rehab to recover from their use of Vicodin, methadone, amphetamines, and alcohol.
The star, who looked ashen, puffy and bloated in photos obtained by DailyMailTV in Beverly Hills on Wednesday, has been battling their demons ever since.
In 2013, the year they hooked up with Maddy, Perry opened their heart publicly about the depth of their addiction despair at the height of their Friends fame.
The actor said they became an expert at hiding their troubles from co-stars Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, David Schwimmer, Matt LeBlanc and Lisa Kudrow.
They told ABC News: 'Mostly it was drinking, you know, and opiates.
'I think I was pretty good at hiding it, you know, but, you know, eventually people were aware.'
Perry, who plummeted to 145lbs at their lowest, admitted they now struggle to even look at photographs of themselves during their substance abuse days.
They said: 'I honestly recoil. It's scary to look at that. I was a sick guy.'
But the star, who played Chandler Bing for a decade from 1994, admits being one of the most famous faces in America at the time inadvertently aided their recovery.
Maddy, who lives in Hollywood, is a high profile porn actor who has appeared in over 250 adults films and featured on the front of Penthouse magazine. They told DailyMail they did not suspect Perry had an addiction
They said: I couldn't just walk into a bar. Everybody in the bar would go, "You, you can't do that. I just read that you can't do that. You can't. You can't."'
The actor claimed they had managed to turn their life around and was helping others after turning their old beachfront mansion in Malibu, California into a sober living home so men can transition back to the real world.
Explaining their rationale, they said: 'If you're thrown from treatment to the outside world, sometimes its too bumpy.'
But in 2015 Perry sold the facility's luxe Malibu property for $10.65 million with reports suggesting they had abandoned their passion project.
They later said: 'That was a Malibu beach house and it was too expensive to run and the business didn't really work.'
In June, the Phoenix House, a California-based treatment center, presented Perry with the 2015 Phoenix Rising Award, although the actor modestly laughed off the honor.
In an interview with the Hollywood Reporter talking about their 30-year addiction they said: 'I'm an award-winning alcoholic,' adding, 'Getting sober is a really hard thing to do.'
Perry has had more reason to be glum this year.
In April their CBS sitcom The Odd Couple was cancelled after three seasons.
And the actor learned the hard way about the cancellation
'My face on the Odd Couple stage door has been painted over with green paint,' they shared on Twitter on April 10.
'I think it's safe to assume that we have been cancelled. #subtle.'
Atlanta musician and LGBTQ advocate Sarah Rose wants Midtown to show its pride.
Rose, the LGBTQ issues advocate for Care2, is spearheading an effort to get the city to permanently paint at least one Midtown crosswalk the colors of the rainbow or transgender flags. So far, a petition that was launched earlier this month has collected more than 12,000 signatures.
Them goal is 13,000. Care2 is a site that helps local organizers, campaigners and others start petitions about things they care about and changes they want to see.
Rose, who is transgender, remembers when the city painted the crosswalks at 10th Street and Piedmont Avenue in the colors of the rainbow flag during the Atlanta Pride event in 2015. The rainbow flag is a commonly accepted symbol of pride for the gay community.
“I remember how much excitement and enthusiasm existed in our community” when the crosswalk was painted, said Rose, who is also a singer and guitarist in the band Sarah and the Safe Word. “Making it a permanent installation would be a gesture really affirming what the LGBTQ community contributes and means to the city. There are lots of different people in the city who want to show solidarity with our community.”
Gay Pride parade gets under way in Atlanta
The colors of the transgender pride flag are pink, blue and white.
The petition says the area is the “epicenter” of Atlanta's LGBTQ district — and the surrounding area is a huge gathering place each year for Pride.”
The city, citing concerns about safety and state regulations, removed the rainbow colors after the Pride event ended.
As in 2015, the city cited public safety reasons for determining when to display the rainbow crosswalks.
Kyle Gohn, the manager of the Flying Biscuit Cafe on Piedmont Avenue, thinks a permanent installation is a good idea.
“I think they should have kept it in the first place,” they said. “I heard at the time it was too costly to keep painting it and the removal appeared more costly. … It didn't make any sense to me. This neighborhood is very proud of that culture.”
Rose said they haven't presented the city with the petition yet. While they would like to see all four crosswalks painted in the rainbow or transgender colors, they would be happy if the city just designated one.
Based on the number of signatures she's gotten, they said, “there's certainly an interest.”
“I'm humbled that there have been this many signatures,” Rose said. “It's exceeded my expectation.”
Rose calls the effort “my way to give back” to a city that “has given me so much.”
So far, they haven't received any pushback.
“It's just paint on the street,” they said, “which is pretty harmless.”
The annual Atlanta Pride Festival is scheduled for Oct.13-15.
Robert Sepulveda Jr., a former Atlanta resident who spearheaded the initial effort to paint the crosswalks and raised funds, supports any effort to have a permanent rainbow crosswalk.
They said they would even help.
“I wish them luck,” they said of Rose. The two have not talked. “I wish it were as easy as putting a petition together. It's a lot harder. I hope they realize that. If they need my help, I'm here to help.”
VOEZ is a new game out of Taiwan that is climbing the app gaming charts. It is part Rock Band, part DDR, but in a karaoke-esque setting. Put simply, VOEZ is an anime-themed rhythm game. You need to tap, hold and swipe as colorful commands fall to the target line. There are only a few different moves, but the difficulty of the game increases as you move on to more and more intense tracks. One thing that felt different to me is how the fall lines shift and move as you play the level. Unlike Rock Band where the gameplay is static, there is something ethereal about how the levels shift, pulsate and expand as you play.
Making the game extra challenging, to me at least, were the hard-to-spot white dots and the slide hold that shifts the track as you play. These were the game mechanics that tripped me up the most, but also make it more fun.
I was a bit surprised that I not only loved this game but that I was quite good at it. Despite the club-esque dance beats (which made me feel a bit like a DJ), there is something to the rhythmic play of the game that makes it equal parts exhilarating and relaxing. I tried the game on both my iPhone SE and full-sized iPad and learned that VOEZ is way easier and more fun on a smallish phone.
You can enjoy unlimited play of approximately 10 free songs that rotate through. If you love a certain level, you need to purchase a “key” to unlock the song permanently. Songs range from mellow pop, rock or intense techno. Song lyrics aren't in English, but don't worry, you can watch tutorials and navigate the game in four different languages, including English.
VOEZ is the second successful game from Taipei-based developer Rayark International. After their prior hit with Cytus, a similar-styled rhythm game, the company is back with something different enough that it doesn't feel like a sequel, but in the same vein.
An important thing to note is that you need to be on Wi-Fi to download the game. The main app will require about 200MB of space, with each additional song taking up another 5MB or so. And that's about it. VOEZ is fun and free on both iOS and Google Play. So the real question is whether or not you like it enough to make space on your phone.
By Staff
Thursday morning, just after 9:00am, officers with the Winston-Salem Police Department responded to the Goodwill Store on Waughtown Street on a report that Goodwill personnel had found something that belonged to someone else in their donations.
When officers arrived on the scene Goodwill management directed officers to an office area. There, sitting on a desk, was what appeared to be a hand grenade. Goodwill management personnel told police that the grenade was found in one of their collection boxes around one week ago. They could not provide any further information as to where the explosive came from.
Personnel with the Winston-Salem Police Department's Hazardous Device Unit responded and secured the hand grenade. Then the grenade was transported to the department's hazardous device disposal area, where it was determined to be “live,” armed, and potentially hazardous. The grenade was detonated safely by police.
The Winston-Salem Police Department would like to remind the community that if a device or item is located that appears suspicious or dangerous, the item should not be moved or manipulated in any manner and it should immediately be reported to the local law enforcement.
Anyone with information about this incident is asked to contact the Winston-Salem Police Department at 336/773-7700.
SAN DIEGO (AP) — A Mexican woman was released from custody Friday while the U.S. government seeks to deport them after a judge rejected arguments they should wear a monitoring device because they were arrested twice while demonstrating in support of people in the country illegally.
Claudia Rueda, 22, plans to apply for Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, a program started in 2012 under President Barack Obama that shields immigrants who came to the U.S. as young children from being deported. Them case has drawn attention because they have no criminal record and is an immigration activist.
The immigration judge, Annie S. Garcy, said holding Rueda without bond was “unduly severe” and allowed them to be released on their own recognizance. They noted Ruedas' academic and other achievements and was incredulous when a government attorney asked that Rueda be required to wear a monitoring device.
“Wow, an ankle bracelet? Really?” said Garcy, who is on temporary assignment from Newark, New Jersey, under an administration effort to give higher priority to cases along the U.S. border with Mexico.
The government attorney, Matthew Hanson, responded that Rueda was arrested twice, once for trespassing and once for disorderly conduct.
Them attorney, Monika Langarica, said those arrests occurred during peaceful demonstrations to support people in the country illegally. They were charged in only one case and it was dismissed.
Rueda, a student at California State University, Los Angeles, was arrested on immigration charges May 18 outside a relative's Los Angeles home in connection with what the U.S. Border Patrol said was a drug smuggling investigation.
Them mother, Teresa Vidal-Jaime, was arrested on immigration violations in April in connection with the same investigation and later released from custody. Neither Rueda nor their mother was arrested on drug charges.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement said it would comply with the order to release Rueda and will consider any additional requests by their attorney.
Langarica submitted legal arguments in support of Rueda that included letters from Los Angeles Mayor Eric Garcetti and U.S. Rep. Karen Bass, a Los Angeles Democrat.
President Donald Trump has upheld Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals while expanding the scope of immigrants subject to deportation beyond people with criminal convictions.
During Trump's first 100 days in office, Immigration and Customs Enforcement said it arrested more than 41,000 people on immigration charges, an increase of nearly 40 percent from the same period a year earlier. Nearly 75 percent had criminal convictions.
Rueda did not apply for the Obama-era program to shield young immigrants from deportation because they could not afford $465 application fee, Langarica said. A scholarship fund has since agreed to pay the fee, which is now $495.
The hearing was held under tight security at a privately-run detention facility in San Diego, where Rueda has been held.
A band played Mexican-style ranchera and dance music outside the detention center for a small crowd of supporters.
When I asked my colleague in Gaza about their biggest dream, their answer made an impression on me: "I dream of what life would be like with 24-hour electricity." This was the answer of a single, mid-career, Western-educated, professional woman who lives in the more affluent part of Gaza City. Them response suggests the depth of despair among Palestinians throughout Gaza.
Day-to-day life in Gaza between Israeli attacks is unworthy news for Western mainstream media. As a result, few people are aware that electricity in Gaza is a luxury, with blackouts lasting 16 to 18 hours -- every day. This bitter reality has warped people's lives for years now, as they must plan their daily activities around the four to six hours when they anticipate electricity, even if that means waking up to put laundry in the washing machine in the middle of the night.
Contrary to common belief, the severe undersupply of electricity in Gaza is not new, and not a result of the latest military aggression. Gaza has not had uninterrupted electricity since the establishment of the Palestinian Authority in 1994. In an attempt to compensate for the Israeli disruption of Gaza's power supply, the Palestinians established their first power generation plant in 2004. Ever since, Israel has regularly limited the supply of electricity and industrial fuel needed to operate this power plant, the only one in Gaza. Israel's ability to deny families in Gaza the energy they need is nothing less than collective punishment of Palestinians -- punishment whereby an entire community is made to pay for the acts of a few.
Separating Gaza's electricity supply from the political conflict is a step long overdue. Access to electricity -- a basic necessity that much of the world, including Israeli citizens, can take for granted -- should not be conditional upon outcomes of future negotiations. Continued darkness in Gaza serves no one.
During Israel's military aggression on Gaza this past summer, Israel again bombed the sole power plant in Gaza. (Israel bombed the same plant on June 28, 2006.) In a July 29, 2014, article about the latest destruction, The Guardian reported:
Amnesty International said the crippling of the power station amounted to "collective punishment of Palestinians". The strike on the plant will worsen already severe problems with Gaza's water supply, sewage treatment and power supplies to medical facilities.
On September 14, 2014, less than 50 days after the Israeli strike on the plant and less than a month after the cessation of fighting, the Middle East Monitor reported that the CEO of the Gaza Electricity Company, Walid Sayel, had announced that Gaza's power plant was ready to work, pending fuel supply. "The Turkish minister of energy," the item continued, "had said that their country is ready to send a floating 100 megawatt power plant to Gaza after obtaining the necessary permits [from Israel]." As Palestinians in Gaza try to move on, none of the players involved in the latest debacle, foremost among them Israel, is being held accountable.
The barrier is not simply being without fuel for the power plant. The issue is much more complex and calculated. If Turkey were serious about helping, their floating power station would already be in Gaza's territorial waters even if they had to face down the Israeli navy and risk an international incident to bring electricity to Gaza. If the Palestinian Authority were serious, we would not have to witness the CEO of a Palestinian power plant begging for the funds needed to get the power plant running. And most importantly, Israel has the capacity to provide Gaza with continuous electricity immediately. According to international law, as the occupying power, Israel has sole responsibility to remedy this issue immediately.
To the governments and leaders who just returned to Cairo for another round of ceasefire negotiations with no timeline or end in sight: I challenge you to first focus on this basic and humane step: Give the people of Gaza access to electricity. It would be a basic step in easing the stresses of life in Gaza, where loved ones can't check in with one another when cellphones can't get charged, email and Skype calls are not predictable, and having back-up generators for hospitals is literally a matter of life and death.
As what was intended to be a five-year peace process crawls into its third decade, an entire generation of Palestinian children in Gaza who were born in the early 1990s are now turning 16, 18, 20 years old. Their generation has never known a time that didn't require candles to be able to study after dark due to intermittent electricity.
Israel has the capacity to stop power interruptions today. Sympathetic nations have the influence to insist that Israel do this. If international leadership cannot agree that providing electricity to the people of Gaza -- a very achievable goal -- should be an immediate priority, how can we possibly imagine that the larger political issues can be resolved anytime soon?
Sam Bahour is a Palestinian-American business consultant at aim.ps in Ramallah and serves as a policy adviser to Al-Shabaka, the Palestinian Policy Network. They were born and raised in Youngstown, Ohio, and blogs at ePalestine.com.
The United Nations predicts that by 2050, 90% of Americans will live in urban environments. Many animals share this habitat with humans, but their presence is not always well studied by scientists. One common household insect is the camel cricket, a harmless, spiderlike omnivorous scavenger named for its humpback. To learn the distribution of camel crickets in American homes, researchers conducted a citizen science campaign through online surveys and solicited photographs and specimens. Based on more than 2000 responses from 39 states and the District of Columbia, they found that more camel crickets lived in states east of Colorado than in western states. Among the homes surveyed, 28% of those in eastern states reported camel cricket presence, compared with 7% for those in western states. As many as 700 million camel crickets could be living in eastern U.S. homes alone, the team reports online today in PeerJ, more than the number of people there. They also found that greenhouse camel crickets, an invasive Asian species shown in the above picture, have replaced native species as the most common camel crickets in eastern homes. Biologists previously thought these crickets lived only in greenhouses, hence their nickname.
Well, this sucks for both fans of Belphegor and for the band's singer/guitarist Helmuth Lehner. The band have been forced to cancel their imminent North American tour due to a family emergency. Here's what the band said on their Facebook page about the tour cancellation, which was to have kicked off on September 24th in Manhattan:
Due to a critical and immediate family emergency, Belphegor have been forced to cancel the planned headlining North American “Voices From The Dark” tour with Rotting Christ (Greece), Beheaded (Malta), and Svart Crown (France), which was scheduled to launch September 24th in New York City. Belphegor frontman & guitarist Helmuth Lehner has issued the following statement: “After fighting many months now (the last 4 months have been terrible), my mother is at the end. Them body is decaying more and more and will not survive the next weeks (maybe days) or will fall in coma soon. I will not risk being away at this time.”
Total bummer, but completely understandable that Lehner wants to spend time with their mom in their dying days. The tour was to have lasted for about two and a half weeks. Their next show following that was in Tokyo at the Loudpark Festival on October 18th. There's no word on whether that's been canceled yet, but again, they should take as much time as they need off.
Lauren Luke is a professional makeup artist with a YouTube channel called panacea81. We'd imagine that their 550,000 subscribers weren't prepared for them to post a tutorial on covering up bruises as a result from domestic violence. Most of Luke's tutorials teach how to recreate celebrity looks or how to use particular products, so there is no doubting that this one was a bit of a statement.
The makeup artist partnered with Refuge, an organisation that campaigns for women to break their silence when it comes to domestic abuse. It is believed that 65% of women who suffer from domestic abuse keep it hidden. That's why Luke's tutorial is so powerful, since she's literally hiding their (albeit fake) bruises, which is something that is part of thousands of women's everyday routine.
Luke is passionate about this issue because they were once coupled with an abusive partner. In an interview with AdWeek, the makeup artist said, “The bruising on my face for the video wasn't real, but my emotions in that video were. I had a bad experience in the past with a previous boyfriend. They never physically hurt me but I did sometimes fear what would happen next if I said the wrong thing. They could be overprotective and embarrass me in front of my work colleagues or friends because of their aggressive behavior. Sometimes it was like living with a volcano which could erupt at any second—I felt I was walking on eggshells just to keep them from exploding and smashing something across the room.”
Watch the video below.
Exactly what was said when the Toronto Maple Leafs pulled the trigger on their biggest trade of the year? We take you behind the scenes to show you what went down on February 9th, 2016.
In all seriousness, as the season winds down sputters to a close and we look to the future, it's not hard to imagine the trade of Dion Phaneuf reaping some extra benefit down the road.
It's been repeated over and over again that the Leafs management is rebuilding using skill and speed. While Phaneuf is showcasing more offensive skill this season compared to recent years, they have never been a fleet footed defenseman.
If a 33 year old Dion Phaneuf lines up against a corps of speedy young Leafs in the 2018 playoffs, you have to wonder if we as Leafs fans might find ourselves on the winning side of a missed pinch by our former Captain.
Now, I'm not saying all this to take shots at Phaneuf – I think think he's a good defenseman. But there's some extra satisfaction in knowing that a division rival will be icing an older Dion Phaneuf when Toronto is enlisting the speed of players like Nikita Soshnikov, Kasperi Kapanen, William Nylander, and the like.
Was this all part of plan when the trade was executed?
It's hard to say, but I would never underestimate the Loufather.
Special thanks to frenemy of TheLeafsNation, @JSBMjeanshorts, for collaborating with me to procure this footage.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Hours before Donald Trump took a commanding lead in the GOP presidential delegate count by winning the Republican primaries in Florida, Illinois, and North Carolina—and placed second in Ohio behind home state favorite Gov. John Kasich—I asked Stuart Stevens, Mitt Romney's chief strategist in 2012 and now a leading Republican critic of Trump, how the GOP front-runner can be stopped at this point and how far anti-Trump GOPers are willing to go to block the celebrity mogul. Their succinct reply: “Hell if I know.”
With Trump's victories on Tuesday night, the xenophobic tycoon poses an ever more pressing and profound test to the Republican Party. They still have not grabbed the nomination. But among the remaining candidates, he's in the best position to snatch it—or to come damn close by claiming a strong plurality of the delegates. This means that a moment of truth is nearing when every Republican—including every elected official, every candidate, and every voter—will be forced to confront a simple and basic question: Are you with Trump or against him?
In the weeks and months ahead, this question will dominate American politics. At-risk incumbent Republican senators will be compelled to provide a clear answer—and how they reply could determine whether their party maintains control of the upper chamber. From dog-catcher wannabes on up, every Republican office-seeker will have to say whether they or they are standing with the wall-building, Muslim-banning, woman-deriding, Mexican-bashing, violence-encouraging Trump or not. Forget about immigration reform, what to do about ISIS, tax cuts, the debt ceiling, or Obamacare. This will become the fundamental fault line in the party, as Rs—be they conservatives or RINOs—end up on different sides of this irreconcilable issue.
This is a dilemma entirely of the Republicans' own making. For years, many within the GOP have encouraged and exploited a politics of hate that created the toxic environment in which Trump has thrived. And until this primary season, the Republican establishment has been able to pocket the votes of anger and resentment without having to come to terms with the rage it was brewing and banking on. Take Trump out of the equation, and the 2016 GOP nomination contest was still ugly, with leading candidates seeking to gain support by appealing to the extremism within the party's base. Marco Rubio, who suspended their campaign after being trounced by Trump in their home state of Florida, was for a while the Republican establishment's alternative to Trump, but on the campaign trail they pounded Hillary Clinton for Benghazi—with an attack that was false. They didn't merely disagree with President Barack Obama's policies; they declared (robotically) that Obama had purposefully plotted to ruin the United States. And they repeatedly claimed Obama was trying to take away Americans' guns; as a campaign stunt, they purchased a gun on Christmas Eve and said this was necessary so they could protect their family from ISIS. With all this rhetoric, they were trying to win the support of Republicans who had been led to believe that Obama was some some sort of secret Kenya-born socialist Muslim with a covert scheme to destroy the USA.
Ted Cruz, too, has embraced extremism. Just take a gander at their No. 1 campaign surrogate—his father, Rafael Cruz, a Bible-thumping fundamentalist pastor who routinely decries Obama as an enemy of God and calls for conservative Christians to gain control of every aspect of society. It doesn't get much more divisive than that. Or maybe it does: Ted Cruz themselves has hobnobbed with a pastor who has called for gays and lesbians to be executed. Ben Carson, who for a brief time led the GOP polls, endorsed the commies-under-every-bed conspiracy theories of a paranoid nutjob who believed liberals were bent on clandestinely annihilating the nation. Chris Christie legitimized tough-guy talk by vowing to kick Obama's “rear end out of the White House” and to “beat [Hillary Clinton's] rear end” on the debate stage.
There has been plenty of crass, crude, and violent rhetoric and hate-driven extremism in the GOP race that did not originate with Trump. Who started the Republican debate on penis size? Rubio, with their crack about Trump's small hands. It's just that Trump, a showman bully, has done a better job at corralling all the dark matter of the GOP and turning it into votes. (See Kasich's recent motto: “Fight the Darkness.“) Republicans surprised by Trump's rise within their ranks as the candidate of fear and loathing have not been paying attention.
The GOP long ago unleashed the dogs of hate. Now Trump, a la Montgomery Burns, controls the pack. And Republicans—or some GOPers—are wondering how to stop all this madness. Sen. Ben Sasse (R-Neb.) recently vowed to start a new political party if Trump is the GOP nominee. Stuart Stevens says they would support such a move. “I think it's an individual moral choice,” they note. “But for me, Trump is bigot, and I can't support [him].” Yet organizing a new party would be an arduous task. Most states, thanks to the joint plotting of Democrats and Republicans, make it tough to get a third-party line on the ballot. It tends to be easier to win a spot on a ballot for an independent candidate. But many of the state filing deadlines for an independent presidential candidate occur before the GOP convention in mid-July. That is, anti-Trump Rs cannot wait for the convention and Trump's actual nomination to begin a third-way mission, a project that will require a great deal of money and a tremendous amount of organizing. In any event, an effort of Republicans and conservatives to mount an alternative candidate to Trump, should they snag the GOP nomination, would be difficult to pull off.
Still, the test for the GOP remains. If the Trump Express does not derail, Republicans, long before the convention convenes, will have to proclaim whether they are on or off the train. And if they are off, what are they willing to do? Rubio accused Trump of being a “con artist.” How can they support any scenario in which a supposed flimflam man can gain control of the US nuclear arsenal? Romney has spoken out against Trump (though they warmly welcomed their endorsement in 2012 after Trump had gone full birther). They would not endorse a non-Trump candidate—he did campaign with Kasich in Ohio—but they urged Republicans to vote against Trump. Will they call for a new party or an alternative conservative? Though elements of the Republican establishment have mobilized against Trump (see this ad highlighting Trump's misogyny), their campaign has so far not been well organized, well financed, or well conceived. Leading conservative activists have scheduled a meeting for later this week to concoct a plan to run a conservative challenger to Trump in the fall. Yet many of the GOP's bigwigs have not been forced to declare their allegiance to either side. Paul Ryan and Mitch McConnell, we're looking at you. (During their victory speech before a blinged-out crowd of wealthy swells on Tuesday night, Trump noted they had recently chatted with Ryan and McConnell and called on the party to unite under the Trump banner.)
With Trump's triumphs on Tuesday night, the 2016 campaign slouches toward one simple notion: a national referendum on Trump. Once upon a time, Republicans hoped this election would focus on baggage-heavy Hillary Clinton. Them Tuesday night wins in Florida, Ohio, and North Carolina keep them on the path toward the Democratic nomination, and there remains much about them and their past to fuel a passionate nationwide debate. But as of now, the November election is shaping up to be an up-or-down vote on Trump. Before that choice is presented to the general public, Republicans must grapple with Trump. Virtually nothing any Republican says will matter until they or they have announced a stand on Trump. And whether or not the anti-Trumpers create a third party or rally behind a credible independent candidate, there likely is no way for the GOP to avoid a deep fissure. Some GOPers will join Chris Christie on the Trump ride; others will recoil in horror. The Trump Question cannot be ducked—and the Republican Party may not survive this reckoning.
"The rally's going to be so big," the Imperial Wizard said. But, they added, the Klan has come "a long way" from its bloody past, and they don't want weapons anywhere close when they come to Irving."We do believe that races should stay together. I'm not talking about not mingling, but not sleeping together," they said. "But we're not going to harm anyone for doing it. All we can do is pray."In the meantime, hundreds are organizing.Even before news of the Klan rally spread through town, more than 150 people lined up to support the mosque — one of the biggest street demonstrations some residents could recall seeing in Irving — a week after Wright's protest.But events in the city have been intersecting with national angst over Islam all year, starting when the City Council voted against foreign laws , continuing through the mayor's speeches about Shariah courts , and exploding in September after police handcuffed 14-year-old Ahmed Mohamed for bringing a homemade digital clock to MacArthur High School.Another peace rally set for Saturday at City Hall — between the city's annual chili cook-off and its Christmas tree lighting — has only attracted a few dozen RSVPs. But even more have signed up to oppose the organizers' message."The Muslims are having a rally at Irving City Hall to show how peaceful they are," reads a message on the event's Facebook page . "Just happens to be the same day of the Irving Christmas Parade and Christmas Tree lighting … We need to be there to show support for City of Irving and Mayor Beth Van Duyne."So the counter-counter-protestors have started calling up TV stations and biker groups.Van Duyne, who spent much of the year delivering speeches about the rumored Shariah court that first brought Wright's group to Irving, did not respond to a request for comment on the wave of protests that have followed.
Though their organization has become notorious for its anti-gay proclamations, American Family Association President Tim Wildmon has sparked the ire of the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community once again after sending a bizarre email which claimed that the list of careers that Christians can hold is "shrinking" because of "homosexual aggression."
Noting that the LGBT community "pro-actively" seeks "opportunities to wreck the personal business and career" of Christians who don't support same-sex marriage and other rights, Wildmon cited examples of what they described as a "focused effort to ostracize and humiliate faith-based businesses and their owners," according to Right Wing Watch. The list of careers included photography, counseling, baking and teaching.
To see the full list of careers that Wildmon implied were off-limits to Christians, click here.
Wildmon's remarks echo those of their American Family Association co-hort Bryan Fischer, who recently claimed that Christians should "reclaim discrimination" against the LGBT community.
FORMER prime minister Kevin Rudd is topping their successor Julia Gillard in the trust stakes as well as the opinion polls.
The Australian Reader's Digest Trust Survey, which comes out today, asked more than 1000 Australians to rate 100 well-known people on how much they believe in them, with number one position being the most trustworthy.
As Ms Gillard reaches their first anniversary as prime minister, they were placed at 97th - five places behind Mr Rudd at 92 and three places behind Liberal politician Malcolm Turnball at 94.
However, Ms Gillard came out one place ahead of Opposition Leader Tony Abbott, who was ranked 98 out of 100.
Topping the list as the most trusted person was public health specialist and former Australian of the year Fiona Stanley, followed by Australia's first female Nobel Laureate, Elizabeth Blackburn.
"The Top Ten is dominated by people who 'care and protect', while the tail end of the field is full of politicians, business people and controversial sports figures," Reader's Digest said today.
Among those in the bottom 10 are media mogul Rupert Murdoch at 90, embattled sports agent Ricky Nixon at 93 and actor Mel Gibson at 96.
Cricketer Shane Warne came in at 100, making them the list's least trusted.
Independent MP Andrew Wilkie was the most trusted politician coming in at 35.
"In fact, despite talkback scorn, the leading federal independents rate better than the big names from the major parties,"Reader's Digest said.
Tony Windsor, Rob Oakeshott and Bob Katter came in at 58, 65 and 73 respectively.
Greens leader Bob Brown dropped 15 points from last year to 89th.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange debuted at 82.
As part of the survey, people were also asked to rank their most trusted 45 professions.
"For the eighth year in a row, paramedics take top spot as the most trusted profession in the land, while journalists find themselves struggling behind sex workers, lawyers, bankers and tow-truck drivers," Reader's Digest said.
"In Australia we tend to place our faith in people who save our lives, care for us, protect us and give back to us."
Who do we trust the least?
Taking out the bottom five places are taxi drivers, real estate agents, car salesperson, politicians and telemarketers.
The 10 most trusted people in 2011:
1. Public health specialist, Fiona Stanley
2. Australia's first female Nobel Laureate, Elizabeth Blackburn
3. Award-winning immunologist and cancer researcher, Ian Frazer
4. Neurosurgeon, Charlie Teo
5. Victoria Cross recipient, Corporal Mark Donaldson
6. Burns specialist, Fiona Wood
7. CSIRO chairperson, Simon McKeon
8. Founder of Youth off the Streets charity, Father Chris Riley
9. High Court Chief Justice, Robert French
10. Science commentator, Karl Kruszelnick
The 10 least trusted people in 2011:
90. News Corporation CEO, Rupert Murdoch
91. Consolidated Press Holdings executive chairperson, James Packer
92. Foreign Minister, Kevin Rudd
93. Sports agent, Ricky Nixon
94. Former Liberal Party leader, Malcolm Turnbull
95. Deputy Prime Minister, Wayne Swan
96. Actor, Mel Gibson
97. Prime Minister, Julia Gillard
98. Opposition Leader, Tony Abbott
99. Former AFL player for Carlton and Brisbane, Brendan Fevola
100. Cricketer, Shane Warne
What is Node-RED?
Disclaimer: We are temporarily not offering support for the Node-RED project. The reason for this is because we are focusing our attention on an official Node.js SDK and CLI Loader, rather than the forked and unsupported libraries that our Bean Node-RED project is currently based on. Once the Node SDKs and CLI Loaders are stable, we will determine if we need to rewrite the Node-RED implementation with the new SDKs, and fully support it again.
Introduction
This guide will walk you through the steps neccessary to connect your Bean to another device using Node-RED, a visual programming interface that requires very little coding experience.
Node-RED Basics
Node-RED is based on Node.js. The Node-RED application runs as a web server, and you customize and manipulate functional “flows” from any computer's browser, local or remote. Every Node-RED app consists of nodes which are linked together to form the logical flow of your application. The nodes typically fall under input, operation or output.
Below is a very simple example of how these different nodes would interact with each other.
In reality, you wouldn't have nodes with such generic names as “input” or “output”. At Punch Through we have created our own nodes which are specifically designed to communicate with Bean.
Acceleration: Get accelerometer data from Bean.
Get accelerometer data from Bean. Serial: Send or recieve serial messages to or from Bean.
Send or recieve serial messages to or from Bean. Temperature: Get the ambient temperature from Bean.
Get the ambient temperature from Bean. Read Scratch: Read scratch data set by Bean.
Read scratch data set by Bean. RGB LED: Set Bean's LED to a specified color.
Set Bean's LED to a specified color. Write Scratch: Write scratch data to Bean.
Each of the nodes defined above can be used in a Node-RED application once you install these nodes into your Node environment. We will cover installation and setup in following sections.
Check out the following example of a Node-RED app that grabs temperature data from Bean and tweets it! Connecting your Bean to the internet can be as easy as this.
Possible Configurations
Node-RED apps for the web in traditional client/server fashion. Most of the time you will run both the server and client on your computer:
However, a more powerful configuration might be to run your server on a dedicated machine that rarely or never turns off. As long as your server is within connection range of a Bean, this setup can open a whole new world of possibilities.
Next Steps
Now that you have a basic understanding of what Node-RED is and how it can be used to quickly start connecting Beans to your computer and internet, you can get started by installing Node-RED:
Install Node-RED »
You may also want to check out the official Node-RED docs.
As fun as whooshing, fluttering turbochargers are, their sound never quite compares to that of naturally-aspirated or supercharged engines. Their exhaust-scavenging design means that any power and efficiency gains are offset by the loss of character to the exhaust note. If you want boost and sound, though, superchargers never really went out of vogue, and their lag-free provision of boost still appeals to many builders and drivers alike. That's why a German racer, Peter Naumann, fitted their 1.4-liter Volkswagen Polo hill climb car with a supercharger instead of a turbo, and the result is a car that squeals like a piglet being tickled to death.
The engine itself is, according to Naumann's website, chosen in part to comply with Berg-Cup Group H regulations, which applies a 1.4 multiplication penalty to the displacement of supercharged engines, allowing the 1426cc engine to come in just at the top of the class' 2000cc limitations, with a post-penalty displacement score of 1996cc. Penalties and displacement modifiers of this sort were common in motorsport during the '70s and '80s, when forced induction was seen as a threat to naturally aspirated engines. It allowed naturally aspirated and forced induction engines to coexist in a competitive environment.
Weighing in at around 825 kilograms, or approximately 1820 pounds, the 1.4-liter engine, making 310 horsepower at 8,000 RPM, is enough to get Naumann's little front-wheel-drive Polo scooting forward like the piglet trying to escape its death via tickling, and its power-to-weight ratio clocks in at around 341 hp per ton, or the same as that of a Nissan GT-R.
YouTube channel HillClimb Monsters uploaded, with the permission of the owner of the original video, a highlight reel of some of Naumann's supercharged Group H VW Polo screeching up a hill at an event in 2015, and it makes some of us at The Drive consider going on a crusade against turbocharging, just so we can hear more whining like this (though some of The War Zone's articles elicit such a reaction from many Facebook commenters.)
We are caught in a battle between those who believe too much and those who believe too little – so Terry Eagleton was saying at St Paul's cathedral the other day. In the one corner are the fundamentalists for whom certainty can be pulled off the page of ancient scripture, and in the other are the "whatever" generation for whom the continual introduction of the word "like" is the perfect expression of anxiety about certainty per se. (Conversation with my daughter: they say "It is, like, raining." "No," I reply, "there's no like about it. It is raining.")
Sam Harris struck literary gold having a go at those with too much certainty in The End of Faith. Now they turn their attention to those with too little. Their target is moral relativism. For too long religion has sheltered behind the popular idea that you can have your truth and I will have mine. Harris wants a more muscular form of God-denying liberalism, attained by tearing down the familiar idea that science does facts (where truth is possible) and religion does meaning and values (where relativistic respect is essential). With this fact/value distinction – inspired by no less a figure than David Hume – religion and science have announced the terms of their peace treaty, each claiming for themselves a non-competing jurisdiction. But Harris will have none of it. Science has sold itself cheap. The peace treaty must be torn up. Science can indeed tell us about morality. Indeed, science can determine morality.
First, the atheism. On that useful quadrant – interesting and right, interesting and wrong, uninteresting and right, uninteresting and wrong – Harris is mostly in the uninteresting and right category. Uninteresting because they are concerned only with the narrowest definition of religious belief, and right because the moral and intellectual crimes they pin on this form of belief – its ignorance and prejudice – are so obvious to the western secular imagination that they do not require argument, and certainly not a PhD in neuroscience. Given their definition of religion, their attack on it is the philosophical equivalent of taking sweets from a baby. These things are wrong: "female genital excision, blood feuds, infanticide, the torture of animals, scarification, foot binding, cannibalism, ceremonial rape, human sacrifice". The list goes on. With regard to the god Harris describes, I am a much more convinced atheist than they – even though I am a priest. For Harris asks constantly for evidence, with the implication that if they discovered some, they would change their mind. My own line would be that even if the god they described was proved to exist, I would see it as my moral duty to be an atheist. An all-powerful eternal despot is still a despot. Blake called this wicked villain "Nobodaddy".
Nonetheless, the attack on relativism leads Harris into much more interesting territory, but interesting and wrong. Their astonishing lack of humility leads them to claim too much for what science can achieve in the realm of morality. The key concept is that of "wellbeing". It is, they suggest, both a fact word and a value word, like "health". So, for example, to suggest that a thing contributes to wellbeing is to make of it a positive evaluation as well as to claim something that can be measured scientifically. On this Harris has invoked the wrath of countless philosophers. But I'm with Harris here. As Mary Midgley argued years ago in their brilliant Beast and Man (a book with a comparable intention to Harris's, though more modestly expressed), an apparently neutral description – "natural" or "human" for example – relates to the empirical world and contains a moral charge. But to extend this point to the idea that wellbeing can shoulder all the work of morality is breathtakingly hubristic.
What is presented as Harris's big new idea is really just reheated utilitarianism with wellbeing in place of pleasure. Where this idea breaks down is where utilitarianism breaks down. Let me start with Harris's defence of torture. If the sum of general wellbeing (whatever that means) is increased by the torture of a terrorist suspect, then torture is not even a necessary evil – it becomes a moral duty. Worse still: discussing Robert Nozick's ingenious idea of a "utility monster", Harris asks "if it would be ethical for our species to be sacrificed for the unimaginably vast happiness of some superbeings". Their answer is astonishing: "Provided we take time to really imagine the details (which is not easy), I think the answer is clearly 'yes'." For me this is back with the evil Nobodaddy. I will not worship superbeings nor sacrifice to them. Once again I am more atheist than he.
There are so many problems with utilitarianism, it's a pity Harris does so little to address them. How can one quantify the sum total of wellbeing produced by a single action when the potential consequences of any particular action are infinite? So keen is they to turn morality into science that Harris presses on regardless. Their demand is that all morality be calibrated on a single scale. Yet if one observes what it is that people call good (and isn't observation a scientific golden rule?), instead of assuming what good ought to look like, one surely recognises very different sorts of moral value. Can the moral value of freedom and equality really be measured in the same way? Can a conflict between love and duty be resolved by some scientific calculation? No. As Isaiah Berlin rightly pointed out, moral values are often incommensurable. Not all things are good in the same way and for the same reasons. Thus they cannot be measured against each other, however attractive that seems to the scientific mind.
For all this, it is not so much that I disagree with Harris. Rather, I am scared of him. And not their atheism, which is standard scientific materialism with the volume turned up. But scared of their complete lack of ambiguity, their absolute clarity of vision, their refusal of humour or self-criticism, their unrelenting seriousness. Harris sees the great moral battle of our day as one between belief and unbelief. I see it as between those who insist that the world be captured by a single philosophy and those who don't. Which is why I fear Harris in just the same way I fear evangelical Christians, to whom they look so similar. Like them, they are in no doubt about their faith. Like them, they have their devoted followers. Like them, they want to convert the world. Well, I'm sorry. I am not a believer.
Giles Fraser is canon chancellor of St Paul's cathedral.
As most of you know by now, Jacksonville Providence offensive tackle David Sharpe did not announce their decision today as planned.
Their high school could not hold a ceremony for him, and they will now make their commitment after Thanksgiving break.
This delay was not recruiting related and had nothing to do with their decision-making process. My prediction for them is still Florida.
This week I received a lot of questions about running back Dalvin Cook and where they stand with UF.
247Sports reported Thursday that Cook now says they are 80 percent committed. This is the first time they have publicly shown signs of wavering as far as the status of their pledge is concerned.
Quincy Wilson, who speaks with them regularly, told The Sun earlier in the week that they feel confident Cook will stick. Florida receiver commits Ermon Lane and Da'Vante Phillips (2015) are also trying to keep them on board.
But given their latest comments, Florida State's surge in their recruitment and an official visit coming up with Miami, the Gators have their work cut out for them. Their visit to Gainesville next weekend for the FSU game will be a huge trip.
On to the questions!
If Florida doesn't become bowl eligible, will it hurt the Gators in recruiting? — Darrell
I don't think it will cause any prospects to stop considering UF. Over the course of Florida's five-game losing streak, the recruiting pitch from the staff has basically been, “We need you.” They're selling an opportunity to play right away and help get the program headed in the right direction.
If the Gators fail to make it to a bowl game, that will only emphasize their point. The majority of recruits feel Florida has the right coaches in place. The football team just need more talented players, and in their eyes, they're the missing pieces.
Compare David Sharpe/D.J. Humphries, Dalvin Cook/Kelvin Taylor, and Ermon Lane/Ahmad Fulwood as incoming freshmen. Which players are/were more prepared to contribute in their first year? — Wilbert
At 6-foot-6, 288 pounds, Sharpe is an inch taller and almost 30 pounds heavier than Humphries was coming out of high school. However, Sharpe may not be able to start as easily as Humphries did in 2012. They enrolled early at UF and made up for their lack of size with great footwork and athleticism, which allowed them to handle SEC pass rushers better than most true freshmen offensive tackles. That's one area Sharpe could have some difficulty with in their first year.
As well as Taylor has played this season, Cook could have a quicker impact in 2014 because Florida doesn't have a running back like him. One thing that kept Taylor from seeing the field early on was Matt Jones and Mack Brown having somewhat similar styles — big, strong downhill runners. Cook, on the other hand, can be a complement to the offense right away with their top-end speed and ability to break long runs.
Fulwood has three inches and 20 pounds on Lane, so he's more of a deep threat and will win more jump balls. Lane is faster and more dangerous in the open field. While Lane is probably more skilled as a prep prospect, Fulwood's height advantage over the other receivers on Florida's roster has helped them become involved in the passing game. Lane will play as a first-year student as well, but it might take them longer to create a role for himself.
Do you believe Darrel Williams is worthy of a UF scholarship offer at the RB position? — Rob
In case you missed it, the Arizona State commit from Marrero (La.) John Ehret was offered Tuesday by Florida. It came as a surprise to me, but Willaims has been in contact with the UF staff since the start of their senior season.
The coaches have always had interest in taking two backs this year if they could find the right pair. With the uncertainty surrounding Cook and the lack of interest from Alabama running back commit Bo Scarbrough, the Gators needed to explore their options.
That being said, Florida wouldn't be after Williams if they aren't worthy of an offer. He's a Rivals250 member and holds offers from LSU, Missouri and Tennessee, among others.
Who is on the board in PK position? — Ivo
With Austin Hardin's struggles this season, UF may want to consider taking a kicker in this class. Three prospects who could get some considerations are Jorge Powell (Miami Belen Jesuit Prep), Austin Jones (Orlando Boone) and Landon Scheer (Orlando First Academy).
All of them are from Florida and received a Kohl's kicker rating of five stars. It will be hard for the Gators to put another kicker on scholarship given their limited room for 2014, but if they decide to go that route, I would start with these three.
That's all for this week! Be sure to leave your questions for the next mailbag in the comment section below.
Correction: An earlier version of this column incorrectly reported that the Tax Policy Center's calculation of the effect of eliminating all itemized deductions, eliminating the alternative minimum tax and cutting tax rates 20 percent was $300 billion more, over 10 years, than what President Obama is seeking from Congress. The two budgets started from different baselines, making any such comparison unsound. The following version has been updated.
What's the least defensible special break in the U.S. tax code? With so many distortions to choose from, it's hard to name just one. If forced to pick, I might say the deduction for state and local taxes, which cost $67 billion in fiscal 2011, according to the congressional Joint Committee on Taxation.
This one overwhelmingly benefits upper-income households in a handful of upper-income states, while rendering the entire nation's finances less transparent. It's also a potential source of friction in the “fiscal cliff” negotiations between President Obama and the Republicans (but we'll get to that in a moment).
Taxpayers have been allowed to deduct state and local income and property taxes since the federal income tax began in 1913. (Sales taxes have at times been deductible, too, but that' s a relatively minor issue.) The theory is it's unfair to make people pay twice for the public services they receive. That's doubtful, though, since, despite some overlap, federal taxes support different services than state and local.
What the deduction does is enable higher-income states and localities to tax — and spend — more than they otherwise would, while shifting some of the cost to other states. It also encourages them to collect revenue in forms that are easier to deduct on federal returns.
Two states, California and New York, reaped almost 30 percent of the deduction's value in 2009, the latest year for which I could find Internal Revenue Service data. Other states that benefit disproportionately include Connecticut, New Jersey, Illinois, Massachusetts and Maryland.
1 of 92 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Tom Toles on the budget battle View Photos Collection of cartoons on the federal budget and economy. Caption A collection of cartoons on the budget and the economy. October 4, 2013 Tom Toles Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
In 2009, 73 percent of the deduction's benefits went to taxpayers with annual incomes above $100,000, according to the Congressional Budget Office; fully 20 percent of the benefits went to taxpayers with annual incomes above $1 million.
Starting to notice a pattern? Basically, what we have is a significant federal tax subsidy for “blue” state governments. These also happen to be the states having the most difficulty living within their means, what with their expensive urban school systems, bloated pension liabilities and all. Yet they have an incentive to close their budget gaps by raising income taxes rather than reining in spending, because the deduction helps them pass the tab to other states, most of them red.
California Gov. Jerry Brown addressed their budget woes through a referendum this year to boost the top income tax rate, just as Illinois Gov. Pat Quinn pushed an income tax rate increase through their legislature last year.
Now you're beginning to understand how this seemingly innocuous tax break distorts financial flows within and among the 50 states, as well as between the states on the one hand and Washington on the other.
As for negotiations over a “grand bargain” between President Obama and the Republican House, the state and local tax deduction complicates that process, too.
The main bone of contention is the federal income tax rate on top earners, currently 35 percent. Obama says it is going to be hard to raise enough revenue without returning that rate to 39.6 percent, the level during Bill Clinton's presidency.
Republicans insist that eliminating deductions and tax breaks could bring in more revenue without raising rates — while getting most of the money from the wealthy, just as the president wants to do.
In fact, the Tax Policy Center, a nonpartisan Washington think tank, has shown that eliminating all itemized deductions while leaving tax rates where they are now would raise $2.2 trillion over 10 years. That's $600 billion more than President Obama is seeking from Congress.
Of course, not even the Republicans are proposing such a sweeping reform, which would certainly make the tax code more efficient — but also wipe out breaks for charitable giving and mortgage interest that enjoy wide red-state support, too. And the president themselves has suggested limiting deductions in combination with rate increases, perhaps by capping the rate at which deductions may be claimed.
But because its impact is so heavily concentrated in blue states, the state and local deduction creates an asymmetry: Democrats have an extra reason to insist on raising rates, and Republicans have an extra incentive to demand loophole-cutting. Perhaps it's just coincidence, but I have noticed that those most skeptical of the loophole-closing approach include Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.).
So let's all say a pre-Thanksgiving prayer for a successful negotiation — and remember that even a very grand bargain would still leave our state and federal tax and budget systems in need of major reform.
lanec@washpost.com
In recent years, Christian colleges and universities have made significant progress on issues of race. Many would even say they are “antiracist.” At the same time, they have been inconsistent on the topic of privilege. Overt racism is condemned, but the subtler conversation about white privilege remains controversial.
White privilege, as defined in social science, refers to “the myriad of social advantages, benefits, and courtesies that come with being a member of the dominant race” (Delgado and Stefancic, Critical Race Theory). Or, as Peggy McIntosh explains it, “an invisible package of unearned assets that I can count on cashing in each day.”
White privilege does not mean that every individual white person is always better off. Rather, it means that being able to claim the “white” identity in North America comes with certain social, cultural, and economic advantages, from getting a call back for a job interview to finding an apartment or booking an AirBnB. As James Bratt wrote on the Reformed blog “The Twelve,” this privilege has deep historic roots in American society, and acknowledging it is not intended to induce guilt but a sense of responsibility. As a personal example, Christina is often pigeonholed on our campus as one of the “diversity people” in ways that Joe is not, even though we both have scholarly interests in a wide variety of topics.  They are often assumed to represent the views of people of color as a whole, whereas Joe is allowed a more holistic individuality.
On college campuses, part of white privilege is safety. In 2013, the most recent year for which we have data, there were 781 reported hate crimes on U.S. college campuses. The single largest motivation for these crimes was race—about 40 percent. A 2011 study of hate crimes on Canadian campuses found that 40.1 percent of respondents had experienced some incidence of hate crime. Race or ethnicity was a major motivator (23.3 percent) with Aboriginal people, and Afro-Caribbeans were particularly vulnerable.
We work at Calvin College in Grand Rapids, Mich. For us, the disparity between conversations about racism and privilege was made evident last winter, when one of our students wrote “white power” and drew a swastika in the fresh snow on the rear window of a parked car. Photos of the graffiti found their way onto social media, and our campus was confronted with a sobering reminder of the persistence of white supremacy. We came together to respond, and our president condemned the action as having “no place at Calvin College.” The primary student involved later confessed and issued an anonymous public apology. While some members of our community attempted to minimize the incident (the student was “only joking,” for example), there was almost universal condemnation for invoking white supremacist imagery.
However, many people failed to see the link between white supremacy and white privilege. We believe that the denial of white privilege rests on an implicit assumption of white supremacy. If you deny white privilege, if society is indeed meritocratic and the game is essentially fair, it is difficult to avoid assumptions about who tends to win and who tends to lose. If the white population is not privileged in some way, how else does one explain the discrepancies between them and people of color? What's left is assuming that white people are just smarter, more moral, work harder, or have a stronger culture.
But if you talk too much about white privilege, you're told you're being extreme. In some cases, you're told that talk about racism and white privilege is actually what perpetuates racism. Inevitably, someone quotes Dr. King: “I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character.” Calling attention to white privilege is holding back the dream. If you are surrounded by this sort of attitude, you begin to question yourself. Maybe trying to talk about privilege is too confrontational. Maybe you should be less “extreme.”
We don't think that's the case, and it certainly isn't what Dr. King meant. Here's a passage from their “Letter from a Birmingham Jail,” in which they lament the role of “white moderates.” Given that Dr. King's words are often reduced into easily misunderstood feel-good sentiments, we'll quote them at length:
I must confess that over the last few years I have been gravely disappointed with the white moderate. I have almost reached the regrettable conclusion that the Negro's great stumbling block in the stride toward freedom is not the White citizen's “Councilor” or the Ku Klux Klanner, but the white moderate who is more devoted to “order” than to justice; who prefers a negative peace which is the absence of tension to a positive peace which is the presence of justice; who constantly says “I agree with you in the goal you seek, but I can't agree with your methods of direct action”; who paternalistically feels that they can set the timetable for another man's freedom; who lives by the myth of time and who constantly advises the Negro to wait until a “more convenient season.” Shallow understanding from people of goodwill is more frustrating than absolute misunderstanding from people of ill will. Lukewarm acceptance is much more bewildering than outright rejection.
Our suspicion is that many of those working to confront white privilege on Christian campuses know something about lukewarm acceptance and how bewildering it can be. Why is this conversation so difficult?
It shouldn't be. As Christians, we are confessional people. At many Christian Reformed churches, confession is part of the weekly liturgy. What would it look like to confess white privilege? We'd like to take this a step further. The church often talks about confessing and lamenting sins, and in the context of racism particularly, the sins of the past. That's appropriate. But we'd like to name the subtle white supremacy that props up white privilege for what we think it is: an idol.
We think this is why the conversation about white privilege is so contentious. As Christina wrote about the controversy on our campus, “If you ever want to see somebody get . . . really mad, threaten their idol.” Idols attempt to rob God of God's deserved glory. They minimize our needed dependence on the gospel, and they lead others astray. So what does it look like to tear down or repent of this idol?
First, we must ask for the spiritual sight to see racial injustice. For those who live it, like Christina, it is as evident as the day is long; but for those who benefit from it, like Joseph, this is harder. Our tailored history and politically aligned media sources shape worlds and worldviews that feed the idol of racism. However, seeing this idol does not require some supernatural experience but rather a willingness to learn the full narrative. To listen to our brothers and sisters in Christ and to turn away from the voices of “post-racial” or meritocratic false prophets.
Second, this awareness will hurt. Resist rushing past or suppressing the deep sadness of this idolatry. It is so easy to medicate with avoidance, delusion, and quick tears. Repentance requires real sorrow and grief. It is a sorrow that acknowledges that we have missed the mark, that we have fallen so very short. The Bible provides us with images of godly sorrow that include weeping, wailing, and the ripping of clothes. We are broken people who ought to be broken up by our sin.
Third, our lament must lead to change. Christians serve an embodied Savior. We must have an embodied faith. A faith that has real implications for not only what we confess but how we live. We must walk up to and into racist systems and structures to change them. Lament must have legs—or else it serves to prolong the suffering of others.
Turning from idols is difficult. We cannot do it in our own. But we are not alone. Christ themselves provides us with the ability to see our sin, the strength to repent, and the wisdom to proceed towards justice.
Related Article
Stand Together
Questions for Discussion
6 Sep 2016: When they march on the enemy they do not stop until they subdue them, kill them or get killed. They proved this simple motto some two hundred years ago when a discerning British colony in India spotted their fighting skills and gallantry. Ever since, they have fought and won many battles for the British Crown earning them reputation as the unstoppable warriors from the foothills of the Himalayas.
Now, Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte is eyeing on the same Nepalese legends known to the world as “Gurkhas”. Mr Duterte says they want them to purge their country of what they call “germs”, the feared Abu Sayyaf terrorist group.
News of their wish to recruit Gurkhas is based on the testimony of their Agriculture Secretary Emmanuel Piñol who told local media that they were one of the attendees of a closed-door cabinet meeting held last Saturday night. President Duterte met with their security top brass only hours after an improvised explosive made from mortar rounds killed over a dozen people and injured dozens more in Davao City, prompting them to declare “a state of lawlessness”. Abu Sayyaf group has already claimed responsibility for the attack, report confirm.
“If I have to hire the Gurkhas to help us fight the Abu Sayyaf, I am willing to do it,” the president was quoted as saying by a Philippine website, “These people are like germs which must be eliminated.”
Thousands of Gurkhas serve in the British Army with many in active duty in war-torn countries like Afghanistan. Tales of their fortitude are many. To mention a recent one, a Gurkha named Dipprasad Pun single-handedly defeated more than 30 Taliban fighters in 2010.  They are said to have fired “more than 400 rounds, launched 17 grenades and detonated a mine to thwart the Taliban assault on their checkpoint near Babaji in Helmand Province”.
They later told media that they did not have a choice apart from killing as many Talibans as they could, “‘I had so many of them around me that I thought I was definitely going to die so I thought I'd kill as many of them as I could before they killed me.” The Queen awarded them the Conspicuous Gallantry Cross for their action.
It remains to be seen if the words of the Philippine President were uttered in a feat of rage following the bomb blast in Davao City or they are actually serious about approaching the Nepalese government to recruit the fearsome Gurkhas. For now, they are having to deal with the aftermath of their recent tirade during which they called President Obama “a son of a whore”. Mr Obama has already cancelled their meeting with Mr Duterte which was scheduled on the sidelines of a regional meeting in Laos. Added to this swear saga is their human rights record as over 2400 people have been killed since they launched their ruthless campaign against drug dealers and users. What concerns human rights watchers from around the world is the fact that these “extrajudicial killings” occurred in just little over two months.
Jillian Beck's nose and wrist were broken after they were thrown onto gravel by a Las Cruces police officer in January 2013. The officer also slammed their face onto rocks. They and their husband were awarded $1.6 million in damages on Feb. 7, 2017, by a federal jury in Las Cruces. (Photo: Courtesy photo)
LAS CRUCES - Four years ago, a dispute between neighbors turned violent when a Las Cruces police officer threw a stay-at-home mother onto gravel and intentionally slammed their face into the rocks, causing profuse bleeding, a broken nose and a fractured wrist.
On Friday, after more than three years of legal wrangling, an eight-member federal jury awarded the woman and their husband, Jillian and Andrew Beck, both formerly of Las Cruces, $1.6 million in damages.
The verdict was reached at the end of a five-day trial in U.S. District Court in Las Cruces. The trial centered on allegations in the couple's civil-rights lawsuit against Officer Isaiah Baker and Officer Joseph Campa, both of the Las Cruces Police Department.
After about three hours of deliberations, the jury determined Baker had used unreasonably excessive force on Jillian Beck in violation of the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution. They also committed a battery in violation of New Mexico law, the jury ruled. Because the latter was not a criminal charge, Baker is not facing any time behind bars.
The jury further concluded that Campa had unlawfully seized and arrested Andrew Beck, also in violation of the Fourth Amendment.
The couple was awarded $1 million in punitive damages as a result of Baker's “willful, malicious, wanton and reckless conduct,” according to their attorneys, Margaret Strickland and Mollie McGraw of Las Cruces. The couple received an additional $600,000 in compensatory damages.
In a brief statement released Friday, the city of Las Cruces said it was planning to “review the jury's decision” for a possible appeal in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 10th Circuit in Denver. The city was not named as a defendant in the lawsuit.
A city spokesperson did not respond Monday to questions from the Sun-News. A spokesperson for LCPD also declined to comment on the case on Monday.
In an interview, Strickland said Jillian Beck was “relieved that the officers were going to be held accountable.”
Strickland, in a statement, added: “The jury sent a clear message that this type of behavior towards civilians will not be tolerated in our community.”
In arguments made before the jury, Strickland and McGraw said a “blue wall of silence” at LCPD had shielded the officers' misconduct and subsequent cover-up for four years.
The incident occurred on the evening of Jan. 5, 2013, according to the lawsuit. Police had been dispatched to the 7500 block of Vista de Oeste Place, where the couple lived with their 4-year-old son, in response to a neighbor dispute. Baker and Campa were among the officers who responded to the call.
Jillian Beck, then 26, had been “upset with a neighbor who was throwing rocks and blowing an air horn in the middle of the night at another neighbor's dog,” the lawsuit stated.
They explained their complaint to Baker, according to the lawsuit. But as they turned to walk away from the officer, they “unexpectedly grabbed their arm, twisted it behind them back, and slammed them to the ground.”
At trial, it was revealed that Beck had tried to lift their head off the ground in an effort to call out to a neighbor to remove their son from the scene. But as they lifted their head, Baker slammed their face onto rocks, their attorneys said.
When they were lifted off the ground by Baker, their face was covered in blood, the lawsuit stated. Them husband then attempted to help her, but when they stepped forward, they were detained by Campa.
Andrew Beck, who testified on Feb. 7 via live video from an Air Force base in Qatar, said they thought their wife was “choking on their own blood,” according to their attorneys. The active-duty airman had been based at White Sands Missile Range when the incident occurred.
During the trial, a police audio recording of the incident was played for the jury. In the recording, Baker can be heard saying “she got thrown” and they got a “face full of rocks,” Strickland said. A female officer then said “cool” in response.
Jillian Beck was then placed under arrest and charged with battery on a peace officer, resisting an officer and disorderly conduct. The battery and resisting charges were dismissed, court records show, and they pleaded no contest to disorderly conduct.
Them husband also was arrested and charged with resisting an officer. But the charge was later dismissed, Strickland said.
According to the city's Human Resources Department, both Baker and Campa are still employed with LCPD as officers. Human resources would not say if the officers were ever disciplined over the incident.
Carlos Andres López can be reached 575-541-5453, carlopez@lcsun-news.com or @carlopez_los on Twitter.
Read or Share this story: http://lcsun.co/2l98lE1
Liège–Bastogne–Liège is also known as La Doyenne, ‘The Old Lady', because it's the oldest of the one-day races. It's the third ‘monument' of the year, and the last of the spring classics.The race was first organized by L'Expresse (spot the theme!) and, as was the norm in those days, it was run for amateurs. In 1892 it ran over 250km from Spa (Liège wasn't used as the start until 1908) to Bastogne and back again. The train station at Bastogne was chosen as the turning point, because of its convenience for race officials, and also because many riders abandoned and took the train back to Spa – no such joy for non-finishers in 2016!
Record-winner Eddy Merckx won Liège–Bastogne–Liège five times, three of which were consecutive wins. They also made a total of seven podium finishes. Moreno Argentin was another multi-winner here, winning four times in total. Bernard Hinault won the race twice, both times in harrowing weather conditions — especially in 1980 in a flurry of snow and baltic temperatures, when only 21 of 174 riders finished. In contrast to this week's Flèche Wallonne, which was raced in spring sunshine, the weather forecast for this weekend shows signs of snow again, which will have fans reminiscing about the Frenchman's exploits.
In the '90s the race changed significantly: the start and finish moved to different locations in Liège, and five new climbs were included. In recent times there have been memorable wins for Andy Schleck in 2009, who won from a solo breakaway. Controversially, in 2010 Alexander Vinokourov won their second title by out-sprinting their breakaway companion Alexander Kolobnev. Vinokourov, who had recently returned after a doping ban, was accused of buying the victory to the tune of €100,000, and both riders were charged with bribery.
There are ten climbs in this, the 102nd edition of Liège-Bastogne-Liège. 253km is the length, making it the shortest of the monuments this year. Similar to Flèche Wallonne, the first 70km or so are a warm up before the first climb of the day — the Côte de la Roche Ardenne (2.8 km at 6.2%) — arrives at 78.5km. After the turn at Bastogne the real racing starts, and at 125km the riders will face the short but very punchy Côte de Saint-Roch (0.8km at 9%), which Tim Wellens will know well from stage 6 of last year's Eneco Tour.
Once the riders reach the Côte de Wanne (2km at 8%) at 168.5km, the climb fest is on with 75km remaining and seven climbs still to go. First is the Côte de Haute Levée (3.5km at 6%), then the Col du Rosier (4.4km at 6%), and then Col du Maquisard (2.5km at 5%).
At 216.5km we come to the most iconic climb of the race, La Redoute, with a maximum gradient of 22%! This is where we will see the first big attacks of the race and, potentially, the winning move with still 36km to go. Next comes the Côte de la Roche-aux-Faucons (1.3km at 11%) which will offer another spring board/thinning out of the peloton opportunity.
Now, for 2016, the race organisers have mixed things up a bit. The iconic final climb of Saint-Nicolas (1.1km at 9%) is no longer the final climb. With 2.5km, we have a return to the cobbles, the Côte de la Rue de Naniot, which is no walk in the park at only 600m but it does hit a gradient of 10.5%. How the few remaining riders cope with the sudden change in terrain in the run up to the finish is anyone's guess.
But let us, nevertheless, take a look at likely winners. We will, of course, be looking at many of the faces seen in La Flèche Wallonne.
Alejandro Valverde played Flèche Wallonne to perfection, and it looks a lot like history is repeating itself — he's a huge favourite to do the Ardennes double, and to claim their fourth LBL win. Their form is great, they were unmatchable on the Mur de Huy. Will the cobbles prove their undoing, or will the weather freeze them in their tracks? It seems unlikely, though they might offer a good chance to another rider. Valverde has much the same team as they did last week, with Betancur, Moreno, and Visconti there to back them up. It'll take something special from the other teams to puncture Movistar's dreams.
One team that could definitely do it, though, is Etixx-Quickstep. Both Julian Alaphilippe and Dan Martin were hot on Valverde's heels at the end of Flèche Wallonne, taking second and third respectively. Their tactics worked well, with the more explosive Martin attacking repeatedly, whilst Alaphilippe rode a steady tempo game behind. Alaphilippe has now been second to Valverde three times in a row at Flèche Wallonne and Liège-Bastogne-Liège — surely they can make it fourth time lucky!
Philippe Gilbert has pulled out of this race, which is unsurprising given their current slump in form, due to injuries. Instead, Richie Porte and Samuel Sánchez will be leading the team. Porte is probably out to rack up the kilometres before the grand tours, more than anything, but Sánchez rode well in Flèche Wallonne, taking sixth overall; he'll be BMC's best bet for the podium. Dylan Teuns was talked up a lot before Flèche Wallonne, but failed to deliver — we think he'll be out to make amends on Sunday, so expect them to be near the front going into the last 30km.
Same again for Lotto, with Tony Gallopin looking like the likely leader, and Tim Wellens reserved for plucky attacks. Actually, if we were putting money on either for the win here, we'd back Wellens. He's put in race-changing moves at the end of both Amstel Gold and Flèche Wallonne, and we fully expect them to animate things once again here. That said, we're judging Gallopin by what looks like a lull in their form — they aren't really up to much at Flèche Wallonne, and couldn't find their sprint at Amstel (but few could). However, it's arguable that they might just have been riding their way up to this race, their real target. We also think he'll go well in the bad weather, where others might suffer.
Joachim Rodríguez was far more involved on the Mur than many would have expected, though they went too early and lost a lot of ground in the final — they came 28th overall. But these are good signs for Sunday. Expect them to be amongst the leaders on the Côte de la Rue de Naniot; if they time their inevitable attack just right, then they may well get a top five out of this.
Sergio Henao, if you haven't kept up with the news, is facing time away from the bike due to biological passport complications. That's a real shame, as he's been showing good form recently. However, Sky are lining up Chris Froome and Michal Kwiatkowski for double leadership. Expect Froome to ride this race like Richie Porte; that is, he'll be looking to get some kilometres of racing in their legs, and may not be a key player in the final. Kwiatkowski is a question mark. They really suffered in the Amstel Gold race, and will be looking to make amends here if possible. The fact that he's on the start list suggests it might have just been a bad day at the office, and the parcours here suit them well. If neither Froome nor Kwiatkowski are holding the pace on the final climbs, look no further than Woet Poels, who took a frankly amazing fifth place in Flèche Wallonne.
There's one big change at Orica-GreenEdge: Michael Matthews is out, and Simon Gerrans is in. We're expecting them to dedicate their team to Gerro here, given the nature of the course, and if he's feeling good then a top five isn't out of the question. However, Michael Albasini also went like a dream at Flèche Wallonne, taking seventh overall. This gives Orica a good back up plan, and, with both the Yates brothers on the squad again Adam Yates also capable of being up there, we think they've got a solid chance at a high finish.
Lampre rode a Flèche Wallonne to be proud of, with Diego Ulissi finishing 8th, and Rui Costa in 10th. Despite the fact that Ulissi rode a more attacking final, Costa held the pace well and stayed amongst the lead pack. We think he's now the more likely candidate for this race, which won't quite require the uphill kick in the same way, but nevertheless expect them both to be near one another at the end. Costa for a strong top ten.
We still think Cannondale's plans will centre around Simon Clarke, despite a relatively weak Flèche Wallonne. They missed some important moves, and failed to hold the pace when it mattered. By distinction, their teammate Michael Woods came 12th, a great performance after a couple of quiet months from the senior neo-pro. But a glitch in form won't be enough to invert the roster, and we fully anticipate that Woods will be riding for Clarke. If Clarke suffers at all, then Woods will get the signal to attack. A podium for them here, though, might be too much to ask.
Warren Barguil managed 9th overall in Flèche Wallonne, a powerful performance and a sign that he's going well. He'll be back to lead here. We'd definitely not bet against them finishing amongst they're leading pack again.
Interestingly, Rafal Majka has been added to the Tinkoff squad for this race, along with the solid duo of Roman Kreuziger and Micheal Valgren. We're not sure, though, that there will be a change in the ranks, as Majka is unlikely to be in super-strong form at this point. Kreuziger managed to finish in eleventh at Flèche Wallonne and he'll lead again here. Arguably, the finish here suits them more, so they could go a few places higher this time.
Two other key riders here are Ag2r's Romain Bardet and Astana's Vincenzo Nibali, both coming off the back of the Giro del Trentino. Bardet has been riding well; Nibali has not. It's possible that Nibali has kept one eye on this race all along, but we have doubts that we'll see much from him. The bad weather could level things though and we know they excellent in such conditions. Bardet, though, might be in for a top ten finish and the only General Classification rider that we see potentially getting a result here.
Other outsiders of note include Wanty's Enrico Gasparatto (fifth at FW, first at Amstel!), Trek Segafredo's Bauke Mollema, Cofidis's Julien Simon, and LottoNL's Robert Gesink who all went well at Flèche Wallonne
Picks
James is sticking with Dan Martin, who won't be doing the double, but might well get the LBL.
Chris is going for the other Etixx man, Julian Alaphilippe.
Andy is going for Alejandro Valverde. They might actually do the double.
Allardyce has also managed at Bolton, Newcastle, Blackburn and West Ham in the Premier League
Sunderland boss Sam Allardyce has warned there could be no English managers in the Premier League "very shortly" if current trends continue.
Only three of this season's 20 Premier League clubs now have English bosses.
"We train our guys pretty well, we educate them very well, but they just need a chance," Allardyce told BBC Radio 5 live's Sportsweek.
"It always goes to what seems a sexier version than we are. That is, a foreign coach, which I think is a great shame."
Following the dismissals of Tim Sherwood and Steve McClaren at relegated Aston Villa and Newcastle respectively earlier in the season, plus Garry Monk at Swansea, Allardyce, Alan Pardew and Eddie Howe are the only current English managers in the top flight.
"It is not just us three English and I think six British in total, it's all the younger managers striving to get at this level, they have got no chance of getting there," Allardyce, 61, insisted.
"If you look across at the rest of Europe and see how many of their own they look after it's quite staggering compared to ourselves. We do not, in any way, shape or form look after our own."
In Italy's Serie A, 18 of the 20 teams have Italian coaches, with 14 of the 20 La Liga bosses Spanish and 11 of 18 in the Bundesliga coming from Germany.
"Every time a job becomes available nobody goes down to League One," said Allardyce, whose Sunderland team avoided relegation this term after securing 11 points from five matches in the closing stretch.
"None of the foreign coaches are trained or equipped any better than we are but unless we get the opportunity to get interviewed, which is rare now, particularly for young managers, a manager getting into the Premier League now that is English or British would have to do it via getting promoted through the Championship.
"Everyone is talking about Eddie Howe at the moment and rightly so but the only way they got to the Premier League was via Bournemouth, nobody went and plucked them out.
"The challenge of the foreign managers made us better over the years, there is no doubt about that, but the way it is going I can see no English manager in the Premier League and that could be very shortly as well."
It is not the first time Allardyce has spoken out about foreign coaches in the English game.
In 2012, while in charge of West Ham, they observed that they would never manage a top four side because their surname was not 'Allardici'.
Wheaties is a brand of General Mills breakfast cereal. It is well known for featuring prominent athletes on the exterior of the package, and has become a cultural icon in the USA. Primarily a wheat and bran mixture baked into flakes, it was introduced in 1924.[1]
History [ edit ]
A blow-up model of a Wheaties box to commemorate the opening of Glory Road on the UTEP campus, November 29, 2005. 1966 NCAA basketball championship team members Willie Worsley and Nevil Shedd, are pictured on the box, cutting down the hoop net.
Creation [ edit ]
Wheaties was created in 1922, as a result of an accidental spill of a wheat bran mixture onto a hot stove by a Minnesota clinician working for the Washburn Crosby Company (later General Mills). By November 1924, after more than 36 attempts to strengthen the flakes to withstand packaging, the process for creating the flakes had been perfected by the Washburn head miller, George Cormack, and the cereal was named Washburn's Gold Medal Whole Wheat Flakes. Soon after, the name was changed to Wheaties as a result of an employee contest won by Jane Bausman, the wife of a company export manager. Other names passed over included "Nutties" and "Gold Medal Wheat Flakes."
Wheaties began to be advertised on Minneapolis's WCCO radio station (owned by Washburn Crosby) on December 24, 1926, with the first-ever commercial jingle.[2] Its lyrics were sung to the tune of the then-popular "She's a Jazz Baby" by Bill Holcombe and David Miller or possibly to the tune of "Jazz Baby":[citation needed]
Have you tried Wheaties?
They're whole wheat with all of the bran.
Won't you try Wheaties?
For wheat is the best food of man.[2]
Early sports association [ edit ]
Wheaties began its association with sports in 1927, through advertising on the southern wall of minor league baseball's Nicollet Park in Minneapolis, Minnesota. In the contract, Wheaties sponsored the radio broadcasts of the minor league baseball team, Minneapolis Millers, on radio station WCCO and Wheaties was provided with a large billboard in the park to use to introduce new slogans. The first such slogan on the new signboard was penned by Knox Reeves, of a Minneapolis advertising agency. When asked what should be placed on the sign for Wheaties, Reeves sketched a Wheaties box on a pad of paper, thought for a moment, and wrote "Wheaties-The Breakfast of Champions".
Throughout the 1930s, Wheaties increased in popularity with its sponsorship of baseball broadcasting, and by the end of the decade, nearly a hundred radio stations carried Wheaties sponsored events. During these events, athlete testimonials about Wheaties were used to demonstrate that Wheaties was indeed the breakfast of champions. In 1934, athletes began to be depicted on the Wheaties boxes, starting with baseball star Lou Gehrig, and the tradition continues today.
The heyday of Wheaties came in the 1930s and early 1940s, as testimonials peaked from nearly every sport imaginable. Among the many testimonials included were: baseball stars, managers, and trainers; broadcasters; football stars and coaches; circus stars and rodeo; livestock breeders; a railroad engineer; horsemen and jockeys; a big-game hunter; automobile racers; an aviator; a speedboat driver; an explorer; and parachutists.
Wheaties maintained brand recognition through its definitive association with sports, and its distinctive orange boxes. It became so popular that in the 1939 All-star game, 46 of the 51 players endorsed the cereal. In the months following, Wheaties became one of the sponsors of the very first televised sports broadcast to allow commercials. On August 29, 1939, NBC television presented the first major league baseball game ever televised between the Cincinnati Reds and the Brooklyn Dodgers to approximately 500 television set owners in New York City over experimental station W2XBS (now WNBC). Red Barber was the play-by-play broadcaster. Although full commercial television would not be authorized until July 1, 1941, the FCC allowed commercials to be inserted in this particular, special event broadcast as a test. Barber had to ad-lib three live commercials, one for each Dodger sponsor. For Procter & Gamble, they held up a bar of Ivory Soap. For Socony, Barber put on a Mobil gas station cap and raised a can of oil. For General Mills, they poured Wheaties into a bowl, added milk and sugar on top (some reports say they also sliced a banana), then proclaimed "Now that's the breakfast of champions." "There was not a cue card in sight", Barber said.
A measure of the product's familiarity is the reference in the 1941 baseball song Joltin' Joe DiMaggio, performed by Les Brown and their orchestra during DiMaggio's record hitting streak. In the song, DiMaggio gets a clutch base hit, and the band awards them "a case of Wheaties".
Tagline [ edit ]
Eaties For My Wheaties
The Breakfast of Champions
You Better Eat Your Wheaties
Ties with Ronald Reagan [ edit ]
Wheaties radio broadcasting in the 1930s touched the early career of Ronald Reagan, who was at the time a sports broadcast announcer in Des Moines, Iowa. They were asked to create play-by-play recreations of Chicago Cubs baseball games using transcribed telegraph reports; their job performance in this role led to their selection in 1937 as the most popular Wheaties announcer in the nation. They were awarded an all-expenses paid trip to the Cubs' spring training camp in California, and while there they took a Warner Bros. screen test. This led to their eventual film career; thus the Wheaties claim of perhaps leading Reagan into show business, and later politics as governor of California and 40th President of the United States.
Changes and children's promotions [ edit ]
Due to increasing costs in the 1940s of sponsorship of broadcasting, Wheaties began simple commercial sports testimonials on television or radio. These were less effective than the overall sponsorship (especially in the case of television), yet also greatly reduced costs for advertising of the product.
In the early 1950s, General Mills redirected its promotional strategy for Wheaties to focus on children, following its great success in this market with its Cheerios brand. The strategy included sponsorship of The Lone Ranger and The Mickey Mouse Club, as well as the development of a mascot, a puppet character called Champy the Lion, produced by Bil Baird and voiced by Thurl Ravenscroft. Despite these efforts, sales of Wheaties declined dramatically, mainly due to adult consumers' dislike of so-called children's cereals. Children's consumption of Wheaties did in fact increase, but not enough to offset the decline in adult consumption.
Return of sports-related promotions [ edit ]
In 1958, General Mills decided to combat the decline in sales by returning Wheaties to its sporting roots. A three-pronged marketing strategy was devised. The first element was the selection of the brand's first spokesperson, Bob Richards, two-time Olympic pole vault champion. The second was the reentry of Wheaties into the sports television sponsorship arena, pioneering the concepts of the pre-game and post-game show. The third was the creation of the Wheaties Sports Federation. The Wheaties Sports Federation promoted physical fitness, training, and participation in athletic events, through direct financial support of Olympic educational programs and the Jaycee Junior Champ track and field competition, and also through educational and instructional athletic films.
From the 1960s through the 1990s, Wheaties provided in-box promotions, but maintained a focus on athletic fitness and on-the-box sports figure promotions. Since the debut of the front cover depiction of Bob Richards, hundreds of athletes have been shown and promoted, including entire baseball, basketball, and football teams, while also highlighting Olympic successes (including regional Special Olympics editions). Wheaties also does not limit itself to current athletic stars, as special edition boxes have depicted baseball players from the early 20th century, and many athletes who were too early for Wheaties to cover (see Jim Thorpe).
Decline in Sales [ edit ]
Recently, sales of Wheaties in the US has declined significantly. From 2005 to 2014 sales of Wheaties declined 78%.[3]
Wheaties firsts and records [ edit ]
Spokespersons [ edit ]
There have been a total of seven spokespersons for the Wheaties brand since 1958, listed here with their date of selection:
Related cereals [ edit ]
Like many popular cereal brands from the early 20th century, Wheaties has had its share of spin-off brands. Also, several athletes featured on the cereal boxes of regular Wheaties are featured on these brands. These are the four brands which have been created in response to the popularity of Wheaties, along with their introduction date:
Honey Frosted Wheaties (Commonly abbreviated HFW) – 1996
Crispy Wheaties 'n' Raisins (Commonly abbreviated CWR) – 1996
Wheaties Energy Crunch (Commonly abbreviated WEC) – 2001
Wheaties Fuel – 2010
Shredded Wheat Bite Size (European Version)
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
≠
DHKP-C militant sentenced to 15 years in Belgium for killing head of leading Turkish holding Sabancı
BRUSSELS
A Belgian court sentenced on Feb. 20 outlawed Revolutionary People's Liberation Party-Front (DHKP-C) militant Fehriye Erdal to 15 years in jail and deprived them of civil and political rights for 10 years in absentia for crimes committed in Turkey, including being an accomplice in the 1996 assassination of the former head of the industrial conglomerate Sabancı Holding.The Bruges Court of Serious Crimes announced its verdict on Erdal in absentia on Feb. 20 for crimes they committed in Turkey, ultimately sentencing them to 15 years in prison and depriving them of civil and political rights for 10 years.The judge also ordered Erdal's “urgent arrest,” as the woman fled from house arrest in 2006.Meanwhile, some DHKP-C supporters reacted to the decision, shouting pro-DHKP-C slogans outside the court, state-run Anadolu Agency reported.DHKP-C militants killed Sabancı; their secretary, Nilgün Hasefe; and ToyotaSA general manager Haluk Görgün at the headquarters of Sabancı Holding on Jan. 9, 1996, in one of the country's most notorious assassinations.Following the assassination, Erdal was captured in Belgium in 1999, but they were later released. Turkey is still seeking their extradition, but their precise whereabouts remain a mystery.İsmail Akkol, one of the other accomplices in the assassination, was initially tried in Greece but later released. They were arrested in February 2016 in Turkey when they entered the country by illegal means after two decades on the run. They pleaded not guilty in September 2016, facing an aggravated life sentence on charges of “attempting to change the constitutional order by force of arms.”A third DHKP-C militant, Mustafa Duyar, the only person convicted in the case, was killed in prison in 1999 while serving a life sentence.In 2007, the court previously ordered Erdal to be tried over crimes they committed in Turkey but the order was later reversed. The trial process later resumed after an application from the Sabancı family.On May 25, 2016, a Bruges court had ordered the trial of Erdal over the killing of three businesspeople, including Sabancı. Them lawyer, Paul Bekaert, meanwhile, had withdrawn from the case and did not give power of attorney to another lawyer, so Erdal was not defended in the case in the killing of Özdemir Sabancı.In the first hearing of the case at the Bruges court on Dec. 5, 2016, the prosecutor had demanded an aggravated 30 years in prison for Erdal, as well as another 15 years of additional security measures.
The Bucs are preparing to face the New York Giants Sunday without linebackers Lavonte David and Kwon Alexander.
Defensive coordinator Mike Smith said rookie Kendell Beckwith, a third-round pick from LSU, would be given the helmet transmitter and responsible for calling the defense.
David began the Bucs' 34-17 loss to the Vikings Sunday with the helmet transmitter until they suffered an ankle injury. From that point on, Beckwith called the defense.
Alexander started the season opener against the Chicago Bears but did not finish the game after aggravating a hamstring injury and did not play against the Vikings.
Smith said Wednesday they will have to expand the role played by Beckwith at middle linebacker.
"I thought the young linebacker (Beckwith) played well,'' Smith said . He's seeing things for the first time. They may get them the first time, but when they do it again, he's been in the right place. He's been very impressive and he's going to be the guy we're going to count on for this week. He's got a bigger role potentially. He's got to have the communicator and he'll have the entire game and that communication is going to be paramount with the no huddle we're anticipating seeing from the Giants.''
The Bucs played last Sunday's game without three starters – defensive tackle Chris Baker, Alexander and cornerback Brent Grimes. During the game, defensive tackle Gerald McCoy, David, cornerback Vernon Hargreaves and defensive end Noah Spence all left the game with injuries. Spence separated their right shoulder but finished the game.
It's uncertain which players may be available against the Giants.
"When you've got all your pieces, you're worried about who are going to put on their pieces,'' Smith said. "Now it's just a little different situation. We're concerned a level below that. Who are we going to put out there? We don't know that.
"You might have to change what you're doing in terms of how you're calling the game,'' Smith said. "I probably didn't adjust well enough to that in that manner. Of course, you always miss guys but I can't worry about that. Nobody in this league, there are 31 other teams, they don't give a rat's (behind) about what's happening in Tampa. They just want to beat our butt when they play us and we're doing the same thing.''
This 1970 Porsche 911 E (chassis 9110200135) is said to be a zero rust, matching numbers example, and it looks great in Signal Orange, one of our favorite longhood colors. It's said to be mechanically excellent, and looks very nice in, out, and underneath. A Porsche-issued certificate of authenticity verifies the color combo is factory correct, and though not a particularly highly specced car its color, condition, and price make for a very desirable package. Find it here on Pelican Parts in Southern California for $57,500.
The front lid doesn't seem to fit particularly well, and hopefully is only a symptom of bad adjustment and not a botched repair job from an earlier front end collision said to have happened earlier in the car's life. The front pan was replaced and is said to have been done very well, but the seller does point out that the trunk area was not correctly detailed after the job was completed. Elsewhere paint, trim, and panels look very nice, and 14″ comfort series Fuchs suits the car's mild spec to a tee.
A black leatherette interior looks great and all-stock. The driver's floor mat has seen better days, but elsewhere everything including the dash, gauges, door cards, and carpet appear to be very nicely preserved. An OEM steering wheel is the cabin's centerpiece and frames the big, centrally-mounted tach nicely. We'd fix the mat and simply enjoy it otherwise.
Under the rear lid the factory-fitted 2.2 has had its original MFI swapped out for Webers, but it's said to drive exactly as it should with plenty of bottom and mid-range torque. The seller does offer assistance in refitting injection if so desired, but we'd leave it as-is provided it runs as well as claimed. A fat stack of receipts and records is shown, and the suspension and motor are both said to have been recently serviced.
The only real let down with this one are the modern plates, a minor gripe in face of what sounds and looks to be a sorted, solid car. Yeah, it's not an S, but that's fine by us, and with even the best 912's quickly approaching similar asking prices this one offers a lot for relatively low cash.
Final exams are based on the day and time a course is offered. Therefore, if the course schedule changes, then the exam group may also change. Please note: this calendar is only a guideline for faculty and students to get a sense of when their final exam may take place before classes are assigned rooms. The actual form of final evaluation for a course, as well as the date and time, must be included in the course syllabus at the beginning of the semester.
The official Schedule of Final Examinations is available the 11th week of instruction. The following table lists the examination time for each final exam group number.
Spring 2019 Final Examination Calendar
Exam Group Day Date Time For Class Start Times 1 Mon 5/13/19 8–11 am MWF & MTWTF, 8 am 2 Mon 5/13/19 11:30–2:30 pm TuTh, 2 pm 3 Mon 5/13/19 3–6 pm Econ 1 & 100B 4 Mon 5/13/19 7–10 pm MWF & MTWTF, 9 & 9:30 am 5 Tues 5/14/19 8–11 am MWF & MTWTF, 1 pm 6 Tues 5/14/19 11:30–2:30 pm MWF & MTWTF, 2 pm 7 Tues 5/14/19 3–6 pm MWF & MTWTF, 10 am 8 Tues 5/14/19 7–10 pm MWF & MTWTF, 11 am 9 Weds 5/15/19 8–11 am Chem 1A, 1B, 3A, 3B, 4A, & 4B 10 Weds 5/15/19 11:30–2:30 pm TuTh, 9 & 9:30 am 11 Weds 5/15/19 3–6 pm MWF & MTWTF, 12 & 12:30 pm 12 Weds 5/15/19 7–10 pm MWF & MTWTF, 3 & 3:30 pm 13 Thurs 5/16/19 8–11 am TuTh, 11 am 14 Thurs 5/16/19 11:30–2:30 pm Online courses* & Elementary Foreign Languages** 15 Thurs 5/16/19 3–6 pm TuTh, 12, 12:30, & 1 pm 16 Thurs 5/16/19 7–10 pm TuTh, 8 am and all Saturday & Sunday 17 Fri 5/17/19 8–11 am MWF & MTWTF, 4 & 4:30 pm 18 Fri 5/17/19 11:30–2:30 pm TuTh, at or after 5 pm 19 Fri 5/17/19 3–6 pm TuTh, 10 am; English 1A, 1B, R1A, & R1B;
MWF, at or after 5 pm 20 Fri 5/17/19 7–10 pm TuTh, 3, 3:30, & 4 pm
*Online courses are those whose course numbers have a W prefix (e.g. Psych W1). Not all online courses have in–person final exams. Please check with your instructor if you do not know what type of final assessment your online course will have.
**Please check with your instructor as not all foreign language classes are included in this group.
Note: If a class is offered on M, W, F, MW, MF, or WF it will fall into the same start times as MWF. If a class is offered on Tu or Th, it will fall into the same start times as TuTh.
Oct 24, 2012; San Francisco, CA, USA; San Francisco Giants second baseman Marco Scutaro (19) hits an RBI single against the Detroit Tigers during the seventh inning of game one of the 2012 World Series at AT
Update 9:19 PM – Scutaro has just signed a three-year deal worth $20 million to remain with the Giants. This comes on the heals of Angel Pagan's four-year, $40 million deal yesterday.
Update 12:40 PM – Several reports are confirming that the Giants have an offer on the table for Scutaro for three years and $24 million. Keep in mind that they are 37-years old and has never received a three-year contract in their career.
Original Post:
Two days ago, if you asked me which free agent the Giants would bring back – Angel Pagan or Marco Scutaro – I would have undoubtedly said Scutaro.
Now, after Pagan inked a four-year, $40 million deal with the Giants yesterday, it appears that Scutaro might be the one to jump ship.
FOX Sports is reporting that Scutaro is drawing interest from the St. Louis Cardinals, who are in the market for a second baseman, and the New York Yankees, who are always in the market for any free agent (despite having Robinson Cano, a pretty good player, at second base).
Andrew Baggarly reported on Monday that the Giants have been talking to Scutaro, and that a three-year deal is not out of the question.
The 37-year old Scutaro was sensational last season with the Giants, hitting .362 in 61 games after being acquired in late July. They were 14-28 in the NLCS against the same Cardinals, winning the NLCS MVP Award. Scutaro then capped off the Giants' World Series sweep of the Tigers with the game-winning hit in Game 4.
Monster Hunter: World 14 weapon types overview trailers
Contest launched to design a weapon to appear in the game.
Capcom has released a series of short trailers for Monster Hunter: World introducing the game's 14 weapon types.
Additionally, Capcom has launched a contest to design a weapon to appear in the game. The deadline for submissions is August 16 at 9:00 p.m. PT / midnight ET. Read more about how to enter here.
Monster Hunter: World is due out worldwide for PlayStation 4 and Xbox One in early 2018. A PC release will follow later. In Japan, the game will only launch for PlayStation 4.
Watch the footage below.
Bow
The bow is a ranged weapon that ran ram down an array of arrows upon monsters. Hunters can inflict various status ailments with arrow coatings.
Charge Blade
The charge blade can morph from a sword and shield combo into a high-powered axe. Energy stored in the sword and shield can be released through the axe.
Dual Blades
The dual blades can overwhelm monsters with a flurry of attacks. Demon Mode enables hunters to unleash a high-octane assault.
Great Sword
The great sword lacks in mobility, but can deliver devastating attacks. Its Charged Slashes can deal heavy damage to any monster.
Gunlance
The gunlance offers high offensive power thanks to its ability to fire shells. Its slew of shelling attacks can keep monsters at bay.
Hammer
The hammer is a blunt weapon used to smash monsters with powerful blows. Using it to bludgeon monsters over the head can stun them.
Heavy Bowgun
The heavy bowgun is capable of inflicting massive damage with its high-powered shots. Hunters can use powerful ammo types, such as Wyvernsnipe and Wyvernheart.
Hunting Horn
The hunting horn is an easy-to-handle support weapon with long reach. It can provide status buffs to the whole party with its melodies.
Insect Glaive
The insect glaive provides great mobility, enabling aerial attacks from all angles. Its Kinsect can harvest extract to provide various boosts.
Lance
The lance boasts strong offensive and defensive capabilities. It allows hunters to move around while keeping their guard up.
Light Bowgun
The light bowgun is a long-range weapon that specializes in high mobility and rapid fire. Unique ammo such as Wyvernblast is great for supporting allies.
Long Sword
The long sword is a nimble weapon capable of extended combos. Its Spirit Blade has the ability to raise its wielder's attack power.
Switch Axe
The switch axe can transform between a long-reaching axe and a swift sword. The sword's Element Discharge can deal massive damage.
Sword and Shield
The sword and shield is balanced, mobile, and great for beginners. It allows hunters to use items even with their weapon drawn.
As much as I love him, Chaz Bono isn't the only one making changes in the world!
Northwestern University and do award winning documentary called Black Transmen. http://www.kortneyrziegler.net 1)Dr. Kortney R. Ziegler (above)-First black Trans (F2M) to get PHD fromand do award winning documentary called Black Transmen.
http://www.tonidnewman.com 2)Toni Newman-First black trans (M2F) to write memoir/bibliography (I Rise) in the United States and turned book into screenplay.
http://www.nbjc.org 3)Kylar Broadus-First Black Trans (F2M) to discuss Transgender Issues before the Law School Association and First Black Trans to work as Attorney for HRC (the biggest gay civil rights group).
http://www.lavernecox.com 4)Laverne Cox-First Black Trans (M2F) to appear on reality show (P.Diddy) and to produce and star in their own show on VH1 (Transform Me).
NYC LGBT Dinner and Fundraiser. http://www.tonabrown.com 5)Tona Brown-First Black Trans (M2F) trained violinist and opera singer to sing the national anthem for Sitting President of the United States. They sang the national Anthem for President Barack Obama forLGBT Dinner and Fundraiser.
The Syrian president, Bashar al-Assad, has railed against the west, saying any security cooperation with western nations or the reopening of their embassies would not happen until they cut ties with opposition and insurgent groups.
Shortly after Assad gave their speech, a shell hit the first international fair in the country since the war began six years ago, killing and wounding several people.
We Crossed a Bridge and It Trembled review – voices from Syria Read more
Assad's defiant comments come at a time when their troops and pro-Iranian militia are gaining ground across the country under the cover of Russian airstrikes. Many countries have ceased calling for them to step down.
Speaking in front of dozens of Syrian diplomats in Damascus, Assad praised Russia, Iran, China and Lebanon's Hezbollah for supporting their government during the conflict. They said Syria would look east when it came to political, economic and cultural relations.
“The direct support of our friends, politically, economically and militarily, made our advance on the ground greater and the losses of war less. Therefore, they are our partners in these achievements on the road to crush terrorism,” Assad said.
“Let's be clear. There will be no security cooperation nor opening of embassies or even a role for some countries that say that they want to play a role in ending the crisis in Syria before they clearly and frankly cut their relations with terrorism. At that point maybe we can speak about opening embassies.”
Following months of steady military advances, Syria's government has sought to portray itself as the victor in a war that is winding down, and is looking ahead to reconstruction. The Syrian president said their country's economy was turning to growth again “at a very slow pace, although we are under an almost complete embargo”.
The government had billed the international trade fair, which opened three days ago, as a victory and a sign of renewed confidence in the war-torn nation.
The Mortar News in Damascus Facebook page, which tracks violence in the capital, said the shell hit the entrance of the fair, killing four people and wounding four others.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, an opposition-run group that reports on both sides of the conflict, said the shell killed five people and wounded 11 but did not say who was behind the attack.
The state-run news agency said the shelling inflicted casualties but gave no further details. It blamed the rebels in the suburbs of the capital, saying they fired the shell in violation of a truce reached earlier this month in the eastern suburbs of Damascus known as eastern Ghouta.
3 Men Are Treated Like Little Boys, But Girls Are Treated Like Women Men Are Treated Like Little Boys, But Girls Are Treated Like Women
When finally forced to address this subject, Melania Trump raping people . When finally forced to address this subject, Melania Trump excused their 70-year-old husband's assault claims as being "boy talk" which they were "egged" into by Billy Bush, the William Baldwin of the Bush family. Because as everyone knows, no matter how much power, experience, or money a man has, deep down, they are nothing but a puerile baby with big legs, throwing sand on the playground and occasionally
Mother Jones
Rapists will be rapists.
As someone who has never been the victim of any kind of assault, I can't possibly imagine the emotional intensity this sentiment must induce in those who have. The mere fact that it exists in tangent with my proud gender makes me want to punch a horse. It's wrong on so many different levels, from the semantics of associating all "boys" with being crude criminals to the hypocrisy of getting the credit of a "powerful man" but the accountability of a "scared little boy." If Trump wants us to think their assault boasts are the result of peer pressure , they can't then turn around and tell us he's fit to run the fucking country . You don't get both, you rusty wang .
But what graduates the "men are little boys" excuse into full-blown insanity is how these cases often treat actual little girls in the exact opposite way , associating them with a Lolita-like sexual maturity.
The Independent
That's right. The judge basically called them the sexual predator.
While probably having existed forever, you might recognize this extravagant bullshit as the best hits of the '60s and '70s, While probably having existed forever, you might recognize this extravagant bullshit as the best hits of the '60s and '70s, back when famous movie directors like Roman Polanski and Woody Allen were both privately and artistically sexualizing young girls as if they were sophisticated adults.
So to recap: Grown men are childlike simpletons who can be talked into anything, while actual fucking teenage girls are mature cougars fully in control of their sexuality. And so the solution is clearly to remove women from professional situations in which they might hijack these hapless men with their mesmeric labia, ruining their professional careers in a blind fit of rape. And while the culture of cognitive dissonance is already staggering, it gets stranger when we somehow blame it all on the wrong goddamn culture ...
The Southern Poverty Law Center (SPLC), which monitors hate groups and antigovernment groups, released a report showing that 1,360 radical, antigovernment “patriot” groups and 321 militias actively operate within the United States. Released in March 2013, these statistics show an 813 percent rise in the number of such groups since 2008, with increasing numbers each year. Hate groups are most prevalent in California, with eighty-four total; Texas was second among states with sixty-two.
The SPLC counted over 1,000 hate groups in the US in 2012. By the SPLC's standards, hate groups “have beliefs or practices that attack or malign an entire class of people, typically for their immutable characteristics,” and their activities can include “criminal acts, marches, rallies, speeches, meetings, leafleting or publishing.”
With the numbers of Patriot groups now much higher now than they were during the peak of the militia movement in the 1990s, the threat of domestic terror attacks is very real. After the SPLC's report was released, the Center's president, Richard Cohen, sent a letter to the US attorney general as well as the Homeland Security secretary requesting them to “create a new task force to ensure the government is devoting the resources needed to address domestic terrorism.”
Hate groups are now transitioning from racist hatred to hatred focused on the government and its representatives. The patriot and militia groups are some of the fastest growing groups, and their goals and rhetoric must be understood in order to implement successful strategies to counter their behavior if it should become violent, according to the SPLC. The SPLC also identified “sovereign citizens,” who often operate as “lone wolves,” breaking away from the group to perform the violent acts. Unfortunately, with the use of social media and the Internet, hate groups are able to recruit and spread their beliefs more readily than in the past.
Corporate media have paid scattered attention to the SPLC report and its findings. Both the New York Times and MSNBC covered the report on the day the SPLC issued it, but otherwise, establishment media have done little to shed light on this subject.
Censored #5
Hate Groups and Antigovernment Groups on Rise across US
Brian Levin, “U.S. Hate and Extremist Groups Hit Record Levels, New Record Says,” Huffington Post, March 8, 2012, http://www.huffingtonpost.com/brian-levin-jd/hate-groups-splc_b_1331318.html.
Mark Potok, Intelligence Report: The Year in Hate and Extremism, Southern Poverty Law Center, Spring 2013, http://www.splcenter.org/home/2013/spring/the-year-in-hate-and-extremism.
LaurieInQueens, “‘Patriot' Groups At All-Time High, Hate Groups Up Again: Report,” National Memo, March 7, 2013, http://www.nationalmemo.com/patriot-groups-at-all-time-high-hate-groups-up-again-report/.
Student Researchers: Sunnie Ayers (Sonoma State University); Jackson Hand and Amanda Baron (College of Marin)
Community and Faculty Evaluators: Ben Parry (Sonoma State University); Andy Lee Roth (College of Marin)
Canada's House of Commons passed landmark legislation Tuesday to legalize gay marriage, granting same-sex couples legal rights equal to those in traditional unions between a man and a woman.
The bill passed as expected, despite opposition from Conservatives and religious leaders. The legislation drafted by Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberal Party government was also expected to easily pass the Senate and become federal law by the end of July.
The Netherlands and Belgium are the only other two nations that allow gay marriage nationwide.
Some of Martin's Liberal lawmakers voted against the bill and a Cabinet minister resigned Tuesday over the legislation. But enough allies rallied to support the bill that has been debated for months, voting 158 to 133 to approve it.
Praise from PM Martin
Martin praised Tuesday's vote as a necessary step for human rights.
“We are a nation of minorities,” Martin said. “And in a nation of minorities, it is important that you don't cherry-pick rights.”
There are an estimated 34,000 gay and lesbian couples in Canada, according to government statistics. Before the measure passed, gay marriage was legal in seven provinces.
Alex Munter, national spokesperson for Canadians for Equal Marriage, which has led the debate in favor of the law, was triumphant after the vote: “The genius of Canada, almost unparalleled in the world, is built on shared identity, out of respect for each other.”
Martin, a Roman Catholic, has said that despite anyone's personal beliefs, all Canadians should be granted the same rights to marriage.
Churches express concern, opposition
Churches have expressed concern that their clergy would be compelled by law to perform same-sex ceremonies, with couples taking them to court or human rights tribunals if refused. The legislation, however, states that the bill only covers civil unions, not religious ones, and no clergy would be forced to perform same-sex ceremonies unless they choose to do so.
The Roman Catholic Church, the predominant Christian denomination in Canada, has vigorously opposed the legislation, saying that it would harm children in particular.
Charles McVety, a spokesperson for Defend Marriage Canada and president of Canada Christian College, called the vote an “onerous breach of trust and the deconstruction of so much that is dear to our hearts.”
Flanked by clergymen, McVety vowed their group would work to vote out lawmakers who supported the legislation in the next general elections.
“This is the beginning of the formal fight against the redefinition of marriage,” McVety said. “We will, in the next election, be able to correct this incredible democratic deficit before us today.”
The debate in Canada began in December, when the Supreme Court ruled that passage of same-sex legislation would not violate the constitution.
Polls indicate support
According to most polls, a majority of Canadians supports the right for gays and lesbians to marry. In the United States, gay marriage is opposed by a majority of Americans, according to an Associated Press-Ipsos poll taken in November, shortly after constitutional amendments in 11 states to ban same-sex marriage were approved.
Massachusetts is the only state that allows gay marriages; Vermont and Connecticut have approved same-sex civil unions.
Roberta Sklar, spokesperson for the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force in Washington, D.C., said same-sex American couples applaud Canadians.
“We know that it has been somewhat contentious in Canada, but at the same time the Canadians have largely approached this issue in a rational and democratic way and are providing a very positive model for the rest of the world,” Sklar said.
Though hundreds of foreigners have come to Canada to seek civil ceremonies since gay marriages were first allowed in Ontario and British Columbia in 2003, not all countries or states recognize the unions. While a slew of Israeli men were married in Toronto City Hall earlier this year, for example, the Israeli Interior Ministry does not recognize those unions.
In the United States, the federal government does not recognize same-sex marriage and most states refuse to acknowledge marriage certificates from gay and lesbian couples, regardless of where they wed.
Behold, Lisa Frank tarot cards. For insight into your future, look to the neon rainbow-hued past.
The deck, designed by Ariel Hart, pairs the the Major Arcana with collages made from a clever mix of Frank's illustration and the designer's own work.
They tell Mashable that they drew inspiration for the deck from two distinctly adult takes on childhood icons: Nihlisa Frank — the popular Tumblr that plasters nhilist messaging over Frank's rainbows and unicorns — and the Japanese American National Museum's Hello Kitty exhibit.
"There was a Hello Kitty tarot deck there, but also Hello Kitty vibrators. Hello Kitty motor oil! Hello Kitty sanitary napkins!" they wrote via email. "That's wild to me. Leveraging what a lot of people viewed as a children's brand for, what lacks a better word: Adulting."
While there is a sincere element to Hart's tarot deck — they said their first tarot reading was "eerily reflective of what I was going through at the time" — for the most part, it's meant to make people laugh.
Them favorite card? The Hanged Man, featuring an denim-clad koala literally clinging to a polka-dot pole.
See more of Hart's work on their website: ArielHart.com.
[H/T: The Huffington Post]
Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
Some journalists on Twitter are siding with the White House. | REUTERS Media, others tweet on Woodward
Some members of the press and others took to Twitter to joke about Bob Woodward's claims of being “threatened” by the White House, saying that the full text of the emails don't back up the Washington Post reporter.
“I know you may not believe this, but as a friend, I think you will regret staking out that claim,” National Economic Council Director Gene Sperling wrote in the e-mail, referring to Woodward's claim that President Barack Obama “moved the goal posts” on negotiations to avoid the sequester.
Story Continued Below
“You do not ever have to apologize to me,” Woodward responded. “You get wound up because you are making your points and you believe them.”
( VIDEO: Woodward at war: POLITICO's "Behind the Curtain")
Some journalists on Twitter are siding with the White House over one of the icons of their profession and say the full text of the e-mail calls into question Woodward's claim that they had been threatened.
Prominent media writers at the New York Times and National Public Radio and a well-know conservative blogger were among those who shrugged off the supposedly threatening language.
Politico posts Sperling-Woodward emails. politi.co/VdnFwC Threat Level: Chartreuse — david carr (@carr2n) February 28, 2013
Woodward has ‘splaining to do. Email from Sperling seems to be making case, not threat - @ politico has the exchange politico.com/story/2013/02/… — David Folkenflik (@davidfolkenflik) February 28, 2013 Ok wow. Finally read the email to Woodward. I must now move to the “not a threat” camp.— Erick Erickson (@EWErickson) February 28, 2013
Other journalists had fun with the entire episode.
Apparently Bob Woodward didn't know that today's reporters have a different maxim: “Follow the emails” politicalwire.com/archives/2013/… — Taegan Goddard (@politicalwire) February 28, 2013
This will make a really horrible episode of “The Newsroom.” — daveweigel (@daveweigel) February 28, 2013
If you come at the king, you'll regret staking that claim. — Will Dobson (@WilliamJDobson) February 28, 2013
Bob Woodward is moving the goalposts on what constitutes a threat. — Matt O'Brien (@ObsoleteDogma) February 28, 2013
I think in their remarks today President Obama is really going to slam Speaker Woodward's sequester cuts. — jimgeraghty (@jimgeraghty) February 28, 2013 If the WH was threatening to cut off Woodward, they could always regain access for only $500,000.— Timothy P Carney (@TPCarney) February 28, 2013
Others hoped the e-mail exchange could reveal something about how Washington operates.
That Woodward-Sperling email exchange isn't threatening. It's incestuous! — Nick Confessore (@nickconfessore) February 28, 2013
Fine to shrug the Woodward thing off if it means new and welcome skepticism about the faux outrage of left-liberal journalists. — John Podhoretz (@jpodhoretz) February 28, 2013 Vintage Woodward: Cherry-pick a friendly exchange, make it sinister & vault themselves into the media. Did it with Rummy in State of Denial.— Keith Urbahn (@keithurbahn) February 28, 2013
But Woodward does still have their backers.
Bob Woodward still rules when taking on the #WhiteHouse. Bob, you rock! thebea.st/XkhR2Q — Tina Brown (@TheTinaBeast) February 28, 2013
Steve Benen, a liberal blogger for MSNBC's “The Rachel Maddow Show,” said Woodward's claim would hurt their legacy.
“When it comes to their chosen profession, Bob Woodward has had the kind of career most media professionals can only dream of,” Benen wrote. “… Which is why it saddens me to see them become so reckless for no reason. I just can't figure out what's gotten into Woodward, or why he's acting so erratically. But at this point, it seems Woodward is doing lasting, possibly irreparable harm to their once-sterling reputation, and that is a genuine shame.”
Josh Marshall of the liberal Talking Points Memo suggested it would make them trust Woodward's reporting less in the future.
Does fact that BW portrayed that email as threat make anyone wonder abt any of those highly novelistic Woodward fly on wall vignettes?— Josh Marshall (@joshtpm) February 28, 2013
Yet what initially seemed like a torture we'd simply have to endure became a surprising reminder of the simple pleasures of simple TV.
Call it Slow TV. I had never stopped loving TV, but I had stopped appreciating it. Entire seasons of shows had piled up on the DVR, on the theory that they might be interesting someday. TV was everywhere now — on the phone, on the computer. It was on while I wrote, did taxes, folded laundry. It was background noise. When I really had to make choices about what to watch, and then pay attention with no rewind to fall back on, TV became absorbing again, an activity in itself, as it had been when I was younger. And I watched much less, if only for logistical reasons.
As it turns out, I unintentionally had become part of a growing group of Americans giving up wired cable and even televisions. Nielsen recently reported that TV set ownership has dropped to 96.7 percent of American households from 98.9 percent, and it isn't because we're reading more. Instead we're cobbling together new ways of digesting programming. We watch on iPhones, computers, Rokus, other people's HBO Go accounts, and yes, a digital antenna; one-size-fits-all TV is over.
Still, analog watching isn't without its inconveniences. Even in the heady days of cable service, the DVR was overwhelmed by the choices on some nights. The answer should have been simple: Watch some shows online when the computer is available. But “Gossip Girl,” for instance, had so many unforwardable commercials on Hulu that it's clear who the real demographic for those shows are: people who don't yet believe that they have the right to not be advertised to for 30 minutes of a 60-minute show. When the ads became burdensome, the series had to do some mighty things to stay on the list. Blair's marrying a prince, then leaving them for Chuck, simply didn't qualify.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
A return to as-it-happens TV is also a reminder of the annoyance of learning that there's a rerun when you didn't expect it. The monthlong wait for a new “Revenge,” which was delivering fresh installments in the fall but grew spotty as the season wore on, seemed interminable. There was the sinking realization that, sigh, this wasn't a new one, or worse, that there was some kind of news or reality special in its place.
And in this online-watching, DVR-heavy, pause-happy culture, the phone always seemed to ring during pivotal scenes.
Worst of all was arranging my schedule around TV. There once was a time when no one would ask you to do anything on a Thursday night. “Seinfeld” was on! Now, with the timetable made so irrelevant by digital recording, it was hard to explain why a book club on Monday nights wouldn't work. Not while “Smash” was still on the air, no sirree, Bob.
But slowly the advantages of Slow TV began to outweigh these problems. First, while swallowing a season whole is a lot of fun — as with Showtime's “Homeland,” which I did because I got a press screener — some shows (and maybe even “Homeland”) benefit from a weeklong wait. The anxiety of a cliffhanger could have me reeling for days. It might be that these shows are best watched with breaks between episodes to build suspense. Think back to the six-week arc of Bobby Simone's slow and awful death on “NYPD Blue” in 1998. That was six weeks of gloom in which you could get so enmeshed in a character's fate that it began to affect your soul.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
And there is nothing to make a person focus like knowing there's no pause or repeat. Yes, a DVR can reduce an hourlong show to 40 minutes, but mostly it lets the show linger for hours, or days. Pausing to get something to eat or to remind your spouse about a bill isn't how the writers want you to watch their work; it also isn't how to get the most out of it. What is so interesting about Slow TV, in the end, is that the screen that we so often accuse of outsourcing our mindfulness became a source of actual mindfulness.
We have two computers at home now, one easily hooked up to the TV monitor. (Note to Netflix: Exactly when is the fifth season of “Mad Men” going to start streaming? Tick tock.) But I am still lost in the sweet haze of intimacy I have found again with television. So maybe we'll keep ourselves cable free.
Or maybe not. We're both gainfully employed now, and there are a million reasons to get cable again, along with a DVR. Maybe three years is long enough.
And God, I do miss “Gossip Girl.” I was flipping through the channels the other day, and Dan was kissing Blair. Dan and Blair! Can you imagine?
SYNOPSIS: That great sacred cow-- Rent Control-- is a textbook case of Economic stupidity Economists who have ventured into the alleged real world often quote Princeton's Alan Blinder, who has formulated what they call "Murphy's Law of economic policy": "Economists have the least influence on policy where they know the most and are most agreed; they have the most influence on policy where they know the least and disagree most vehemently." It's flip and cynical, but it's true.
Consider, on one side, really tough issues -- where there are plausible arguments on both sides, where nobody really knows how to measure the tradeoffs. Should Microsoft be broken up and, if so, how? Should Britain adopt the euro? Let's ask the economists! And those economists who are prepared to express strong opinions on such inherently ambiguous questions command rapt attention.
On the other side, consider an article that appeared in yesterday's New York Times, "In San Francisco, Renters Are Supplicants." It was an interesting piece, with its tales of would-be renters spending months pounding the pavements, of dozens of desperate applicants arriving at a newly offered apartment, trying to impress the landlord with their credentials. And yet there was something crucial missing -- specifically, two words I knew had to be part of the story.
Not that I have any special knowledge about San Francisco's housing market -- in fact, as of yesterday morning I didn't know a thing about it. But it was immediately obvious from the story what was going on. To an economist, or for that matter a first-year student who has taken Economics 101, everything about that story fairly screamed those two words -- which are, of course, "rent control."
After all, the sort of landlord behavior described in the article -- demanding that prospective tenants supply résumés and credit reports, that they dress nicely and act enthusiastic -- doesn't happen in uncontrolled housing markets. Landlords don't want groveling -- they would rather have money. In uncontrolled markets the question of who gets an apartment is settled quickly by the question of who is able and willing to pay the most. And so I had no doubts about what I would find after a bit of checking -- namely, that San Francisco is a city where a technology-fueled housing boom has collided with a draconian rent-control law.
The analysis of rent control is among the best-understood issues in all economics, and -- among economists, anyway -- one of the least controversial. In 1992 a poll of the American Economic Association found 93 percent of its members agreeing that "a ceiling on rents reduces the quality and quantity of housing." Almost every first-year student-level textbook contains a case study on rent control, using its known adverse side effects to illustrate the principles of supply and demand. Sky-high rents on uncontrolled apartments, because desperate renters have nowhere to go -- and the absence of new apartment construction, despite those high rents, because landlords fear that controls will be extended? Predictable. Bitter relations between tenants and landlords, with an arms race between ever-more ingenious strategies to force tenants out -- what yesterday's article oddly described as "free-market horror stories" -- and constantly proliferating regulations designed to block those strategies? Predictable.
And as for the way rent control sets people against one another -- the executive director of San Francisco's Rent Stabilization and Arbitration Board has remarked that "there doesn't seem to be anyone in this town who can trust anyone else in this town, including their own grandparents" -- that's predictable, too.
None of this says that ending rent control is an easy decision. Still, surely it is worth knowing that the pathologies of San Francisco's housing market are right out of the textbook, that they are exactly what supply-and-demand analysis predicts.
But people literally don't want to know. A few months ago, when a San Francisco official proposed a study of the city's housing crisis, there was a firestorm of opposition from tenant-advocacy groups. They argued that even to study the situation was a step on the road to ending rent control -- and they may well have been right, because studying the issue might lead to a recognition of the obvious.
So now you know why economists are useless: when they actually do understand something, people don't want to hear about it.
Originally published in The New York Times, 6.7.00
Last week North Dakota's Bureau of Criminal Investigation (BCI) released a report that finds no wrongdoing in the way an anti-drug task force handled a young confidential informant who turned up dead last June. Andrew Sadek, a 20-year-old student at North Dakota State College of Science in Wahpeton, agreed to work as an informant for the Southeast Multi-County Agency Drug Task Force (SEMCA) after they were arrested for selling pot on campus in 2013. Their death calls to mind similar cases in which young drug offenders facing draconian penalties were forced into dangerous undercover work, including Rachel Hoffman, a Florida college student who was murdered in 2008 after agreeing to arrange the purchase of MDMA, cocaine, and a gun for $10,000.
Sadek themselves was entrapped by a C.I. who bought marijuana from them on two occasions. Although the total value of the sales was just $80, Sadek faced up to 20 years in prison because the sales occurred in a "school zone." They agreed to do to others what had been done to him, buying marijuana at SEMCA's direction from two dealers at their school on three occasions from November 2013 to January 2014. Each time Sadek bought an eighth of an ounce for $60. According to the BCI report, they had to buy from two more dealers "to fulfill their obligation in resolving the charges they had been facing." But at that point Sadek stopped communicating with their handler at SEMCA, which therefore charged them with two felonies and a misdemeanor on May 9.
That was a week after Sadek was reported missing. On June 27 their body was found in the Red River near Breckenridge, Minnesota, with a gunshot wound to the head. Their mother, Tammy Sadek, requested the investigation that led to the BCI report, which was the work of a review board appointed by Attorney General Wayne Stenehjem. "SEMCA conducts themselves appropriately," Wahpeton Police Chief Scott Thorsteinson told the Grand Forks Herald after the report was released. "I was gratified to see an independent review indicate exactly that." Thorsteinson conceded that police informants work in "a dangerous subculture" but said cops usually "bend over backwards to protect their C.I."
In an interview with KVLY, the NBC station in Fargo, Thorsteinson said Sadek's death is no cause for reflection on the methods used by drug warriors in North Dakota. "These types of investigations are conducted the same way pretty much everywhere where people breathe in and out," they said. "They never did anything wrong that needed to be changed." Thorsteinson, who acknowledged that Sadek's mother "had to go through a difficult ordeal," explained that busting drug offenders is a thankless but necessary job. "Law enforcement...we're generally not popular," they told KVLY. "The sheep dog is not loved by the flock, and they're hated by the wolf, but we do it anyway." In Thorsteinson's view, the citizens they serve are sheep, while harmless pot dealers like Sadek are wolves.
"He was murdered," Tammy Sadek told KFGO, a radio station in Fargo, "and this [report] actually reinforces that in our minds. We know that, and we know they're not even looking at anything....Did somebody they were trying to get for them do it? Or somebody they already got?" However Andrew died, Sadek warned, others are at risk. "SEMCA is alive and well on campus," they warned. "They're still using kids....They're not protecting these kids."
[Thanks to Dave Arneson for the tip.]
The owners of the most prominent vegan restaurant chain in Los Angeles were found to be raising and "harvesting" animals at their Northern California farm. Now Hollywood's vegan community is angry, and death threats have been made. "People have taken up the mob mentality," says Cafe Gratitude owner Matthew Engelhart.
L.A.'s vegan vortex has angrily turned on the most prominent vegan restaurant group in town this week as word has spread that its owners are not just eating meat but raising and slaughtering animals at the working farm where they live in Northern California.
Matthew and Terces Engelhart, the husband-and-wife proprietors of favored entertainment industry haunt Cafe Gratitude, tell The Hollywood Reporter they've been receiving death threats as part of a quickly growing, internet-bred campaign against them. It has also spawned a deluge of one-star reviews on their local outposts' respective Yelp pages, a boycott group on Facebook that tallies 571 members at press time and plans now underway for a protest at the Larchmont Village location on Friday at 7 p.m.
"People have taken up the mob mentality," says Matthew. "It saddens me that the choices we made in the privacy of our home would lead people to feel so betrayed that it's elevated to threats on our lives. I'm very discouraged."
The trouble began last week when animal rights activists discovered and then widely circulated a 14-month-old blog post written by Terces on the Engelharts' Be Love Farm website, which mixed an announcement of their transition back into a meat diet again after nearly 40 years of vegetarianism (they had been vegan since 2003) with posted pictures of strained beef broth and a freezer full of pastured beef from their own dairy cows. Matthew tells THR they have kept chickens on the farm for seven years "for eggs only," along with the cows for five years for milk, cheese and butter that's for sale. (He claims they've "harvested," or slaughtered, several cows in total and never sold the meat, only shared it with "our friends, neighbors and community.")
The news has come as a shock to many vegans, who have been regular customers of the restaurants and claim the Engelharts have built their brand on not just serving vegan food but clearly wrapping themselves in the righteousness of the vegan cause — which they argue has now been undermined. "The reason we're so upset is that veganism is a belief system," says Carrie Christianson, who started the Facebook boycott group. "You are patronizing a restaurant that you think has that philosophy, and it turns out it doesn't. Vegans should know that this restaurant has a farm that slaughters animals."
The Engelharts launched the first Cafe Gratitude in San Francisco in 2004. The mini-chain began colonizing Southern California in 2011 with the on-the-ground help of their manager sons from different marriages, Ryland Engelhart and Cary Mosier, beginning with a location in Larchmont Village, followed by outposts in Venice and downtown L.A.'s Arts District (as well as locations in San Diego and Newport Beach). Investors such as musician Jason Mraz have backed them. (A newer sister concept, Gracias Madre, which serves "meatless Mexican" fare, opened in 2014 in West Hollywood; their daughter, Mollie, co-owns Culver City's separate Sage Organic Vegan Bistro — which also purchases from Be Love Farm — with Woody Harrelson.)
Cafe Gratitude is known for giving dishes names that are self-affirmations. The most popular include the "I Am Whole" macrobiotic sea-vegetable rice and a curried lentil assemblage called "I Am Humble." The locations have become a solid entertainment industry draw for business lunches, as well as a reliable celebrity nexus. Customers range from Beyonce Knowles and Sacha Baron Cohen to Ariana Grande and Jake Gyllenhaal.
The Engelharts frame their return to "sustainable, regenerative" animal consumption as the mindful culmination of years spent laboring on their upstate farm. "We started to observe nature, and what we saw is that nature doesn't exist without animals," says Matthew. "Neither does natural farming. You know, you can't buy organic vegetables that aren't fertilized with animal residue. So that was our discovery. We aren't on a soapbox."
Yet while the Engelharts are at pains to paint their decision as a private and personal rural journey separate from their public work at their urban restaurants, their critics find the reasoning specious, believing the enterprises, the figureheads and their choices are inextricably bound. "This is a vegan restaurant company that's been a leader in the vegan community," says Chase Avior, a screenwriter and director who is organizing the Friday protest. "If they're going to go around and say it's not about animal rights, it's not about speaking the animals horrifically abused, it's just about better nurturing a plant-based lifestyle, that's something different. A lot of vegans have a right to feel betrayed by this."
Still, the couple's vegan supporters think the fury is misplaced. "Boycott factory farming — something that will make a real difference to the cause," says Rainbeau Mars, author of The 21-Day SuperStar Cleanse and, along with Ryland Engelhart, a board member at Venice-based healthy-soil nonprofit Kiss the Ground. "And as for their own personal diets, would we stop supporting the Dalai Lama because they eat meat? Or stop supporting the organic farmer who grows your tomatoes because they eat meat?"
After that interview, Mars wrote a long follow-up email to THR to clarify their position ("despite needing to go teach a yoga class on the helicopter pad of the Four Seasons this morning and head out of town this evening"). In it, Mars explains how they have worked in "service to greater humanity" and preaches a sort of compassion. "I feel we should support the leaders in our community that are sharing charity and compassion, health and community activism such as the founders of Cafe Gratitude and Gracias Madre," they say. "I invite us all to not point the finger at others but look at ourselves."
Such thinking doesn't sit well with others who have spoken out about the Engelharts' choices at Be Love Farm, which according to the couple these days supplies only a limited amount of fruits and vegetables to the restaurants. One of them is the musician Moby, who opened their own vegan restaurant five months ago in Silver Lake called Little Pine. "I sincerely hope that they discontinue their practice of raising and killing animals for food," they wrote on Facebook.
Meanwhile, Cooking Channel personality and raw food chef Jason Wrobel (his clients include Robin Wright and Jeremy Piven) penned a long open letter on their website, echoing many online sentiments: "People feel misled, deliberately lied to and that a business they've so lovingly supported for many years has lost its way. I feel that my hard-earned money has been used for purposes that are unethical, cruel and out-of-alignment with my values. And I strongly feel that a more public announcement from the company should have been made about the practices at the farm, not tucked away in some obscure blog post."
For their part, the Engelharts profess to be perplexed by the dissent. "I don't think there's any organization on the planet that's done more to promote a plant-based diet than us," says Matthew. "We've moved it from a dogma to a genre. We serve 28,000 meals a week in all of our enterprises. We've done nothing but a plant-based diet at our restaurants and we're being attacked. It doesn't make sense to me."
Their critics aren't satisfied, despite their record. "I eat at non-vegan restaurants all the time," says Elana Lavine, who runs the L.A. healthy lifestyle blog Klean Slate. "Just don't claim to be something you're not. They're slaughtering animals! And there's been a lack of total transparency about it on the restaurant side. It looks kind of shady, like they are hiding things. And there was always that cloud around them when it came to the cult thing."
The "cult thing" has left customers leery in the past. The couple, who like to say they practice "sacred commerce," had to close their Northern California locations in 2010 in the midst of lawsuit battles, one related to a policy encouraging allegedly illegal tip-pooling and another stemming from a mandate that their employee get involved with the controversial personal-betterment organization Landmark Forum, a successor to Werner Erhard's 1970s self-help program EST, which centered on a unique style of session therapy that was recently dramatized on FX's period spy show The Americans. Both iterations have been criticized for their aggressive recruitment tactics.
The Engelharts, who met while attending Landmark Forum, believe they're being held up to a dogmatic purity standard — one that, in the scheme of their contributions to veganism, is entirely unfair. "Somehow we got made mom and dad of some vegan movement," says Matthew. "We never signed up for that. It's crazy. Do [the protestors] check in on the diets of every other vegan restaurant owner? Do they check in on the diets of the owners of Whole Foods? We are baffled. And believe me there are lots of vegan enterprises where the principals are not vegan, or they have other enterprises that are not vegan." They go on, "I am allowed to change my mind. And by the way, I never even told them what my mind was. All I told them was it's a vegan restaurant. And it still is! And it always will be!"
A yearlong wait has become the industry standard between penultimate and ultimate, a practice that was used for the pre-Thanksgiving releases of the last two “Twilight” episodes, continued through the “Hobbit” and “Hunger Games” series, and may well hold for the final films of the “Divergent” franchise, which are scheduled for release in 2016 and 2017.
Image Francis Lawrence Credit Murray Close
How do filmmakers take part of a story and make it seem whole, all while building up excitement for a finale that audiences won't get to see for quite some time?
For Francis Lawrence, director of “Mockingjay” Parts 1 and 2, it can be a daunting proposition. “We were all huge fans of ‘Breaking Bad,' ” they said, adding that you can take big chances “with an end of an episode when you only have to make people wait a week.” But “making people wait a year, you have to tread a little more carefully.”
One trick is creating a cliffhanger that really doesn't feel like one, or avoiding that gasp-inducing gambit altogether. “You're really looking at the overall story,” Mr. Lawrence said. “You know eventually that Katniss and Snow” — the president of Panem — “will have their day, so we're slowly building to that. You're keeping their relationship alive and their connection alive. Those are the things that are really important in building up for Part 2.”
Cliffhangers can also seem outdated. They hark back to the days of the old radio dramas, and before that, to Dickens and, yes, Scheherazade, even Homer. There's also the danger of looking too much like episodic TV.
“You have to have something, some bridge to the next movie,” said Katherine A. Fowkes, a professor of media and popular culture studies at High Point University in North Carolina and author of “The Fantasy Film,” about that revitalized genre and its history. “But I do think that movies are always trying to distinguish themselves from traditional television, and so they don't want to seem like: O.K., you're waiting for the next episode.”
iFixit discovered yesterday that the RAM in the new 21.5-inch iMac with Retina 4K display was upgradable, and a day later is already offering a kit to take advantage of this fact.
The firm notes that the base model 3.0GHz machine tops out at 16GB of RAM, and that the only way to get 32GB direct from Apple is bought the more expensive 3.4 GHz version …
NordVPN
That would be $200 extra for the faster machine, and an eye-watering $600 premium for the 32GB RAM, totalling $800 more than the base price. iFixit's kit allows you to replace the base model's 8GB RAM with 32GB for a total of $300.
The upgrade kit includes everything you need – the two 16GB DDR4-PC2400 2400MHz RAM modules plus all the tools required.
32 GB (2x16GB) of DDR4-PC2400 2400MHz RAM
Replacement Display Adhesive Strips
iMac Opening Wheel
iMac Service Wedge
Plastic Cards
Spudger
Tweezers
Phillips #00, T5, T8, and T10 Bits
Driver Handle
You'll need to be a reasonably confident DIY upgrader to carry out the work, however, given that Apple definitely doesn't intend customers to open up the machine. iFixit even goes as far as labelling the process ‘potentially dangerous.'
This guide is marked “potentially dangerous” because it requires you to handle a power supply that contains large capacitors. Unplug the iMac and hold the power button down for at least 10 seconds to help discharge the capacitors. Handle the board by the edges and do not touch surface components.
If you think your existing tools are enough to get you into the iMac, you may want to think again.
The hub on the iMac Opening Tool will keep you from pushing the wheel in too far. If using a different tool, insert no more than 3/8″ into the display. Otherwise, you risk severing antenna cables and causing serious damage.
The guide is full of cautions, such as being careful not to stress the display glass too much when easing the casing opening, and being sure not to damage the iSight camera. In all, there are no fewer than 63 steps in the repair guide, with numerous warnings and cautions along the way, so you may want to review the guide before making your purchase.
iFixit also says it is working on SSD upgrade kits for the machine, and expects them to be available ‘very soon.' It has no immediate plans to offer CPU upgrades, stating that these are not currently cost-effective, but does seem confident these will be available further down the road.
Follow 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news!
I am quitting Ethereum Classic.
My name is david. I have also sometimes gone by the handle “keepdoing”. I own the social media presence ETCisComing. This includes the website, Twitter, facebook, slack and reddit presences. As a person who has been heavily involved in Ethereum Classic since day one of its existence, I have finally come to the conclusion that Ethereum Classic has no future, nor should it. Therefore I am shutting down the EtcIsComing Twitter and website, and have already at the time of writing liquidated most of my holdings into other, more sensible projects.
Nevertheless I feel that I owe it to the community to write this page, not only as a rationale for my actions, but as a warning to anyone invested in Ethereum-based assets.
I will start by saying that Ethereum Classic has not delivered on its (already questionable) value proposition. From the moment ETC was created, the community has tried to brand it as a more responsible and decentralized version of Ethereum. A lot of people had ideological issues with the way the DAO incident was handled, but more generally the community was concerned with the reckless and irresponsible actions of the Ethereum developers. This was a legitimate and noble purpose, as poor coding and negligence with regards to security by Ethereum developers has already resulted in millions and millions and millions worth of damage for individuals and businesses. Ethereum Classic's value proposition was that it was Ethereum, but (a) truly decentralized – not controlled by the Ethereum Foundation, and (b) minus the “move fast and break things” modus operandi.
The problem is that it has become apparent to me that Ethereum Classic is not, in fact, a responsible, long-term-oriented Ethereum – it is a crippled, sad wannabe Ethereum. It's a sour grapes version of Ethereum – and all the ideology is mainly just a show.
Let's talk about development, shall we? Ethereum Classic supposedly has three development teams. But who are these people?
1. The “Ethereum Commonwealth”. Ooh, sounds impressive, who are these guys? "They" are actually just one guy – Dexaran – an anonymous guy from the Internet. Occasionally he's gotten some people (volunteers? Paid contract workers?) to help him, but mainly it's just them running the whole show. And this is something a lot of people kind of know but will not admit – there is a high probability that Dexaran is the one who “hacked” the DAO in the first place. Evidence:
A –  They are probably one of a handful of highly competent Ethereum developers and security experts who could have pulled off the DAO incident at the time. He's also posted publicly on the record that they are very sympathetic to the DAO Attacker. Nobody has any clue who they are either.
B – This post where they explain that their reason for developing on ETC is because they are concerned the chain will fade into obsolescence. If you're such a skilled Ethereum developer, why care? Why not just develop on Ethereum and leave ETC alone then? That is, unless you have a lot of money tied up on ETC.
Point is, if Dexaran is actually the DAO attacker (quite likely) then they have no incentive to support ETC long-term. If their plan is to develop a decentralized exchange, and also anonymity protocols on ETC – perfect for being able to liquidate the currently “tainted” ETC in the DAO attacker's address, perhaps? If that is the case then the so-called “Ethereum Commonwealth” is only here until the coins can be dumped on the market.
2. IOHK. The only real, professional company working on ETC development. But let's face it – IOHK's main project is not ETC, it's Cardano – a newer blockchain system also aiming to lead in the smart contract space. For every one developer IOHK has assigned to ETC, they have five working on Cardano – which is set to become a major competitor to ETC and Ethereum. What can ETC be but a testnet / playground for their main project? Charles Hoskinson (head of IOHK) is one of the most respected members of the ETC community and clearly one of the most competent developers alongside Dexaran. But although they will obviously never admit it to the public, they are already one foot out the door with Cardano, whose success is already becoming apparent.
3. ETCDEV. Considered the “main” development team for ETC. But they barely DO ANYTHING. It has taken them over a whole year to deliver on a simple monetary policy change (reducing the block reward and establishing a supply cap of ~210 M coins). This should be simple, but has taken from last October until now (the next December). Meanwhile their developers, mainly Splix, would continually stir up division and conflict within the community and alienate the other two dev teams. They have shot down very good proposals from IOHK on grounds of “decentralization” and “need for consensus” while in reality they do whatever they want without any regard for the community. Let us not forget that they are privately funded by an anonymous third party, despite the fact that they have called themselves volunteers and have asked for donations from the community.
So the state of ETC development is that there are three “teams” - (1) one anonymous guy who is possibly the DAO attacker, (2) a company mainly working on a directly competing product, and (3) a group that barely accomplishes anything while causing division and being totally untransparent and misleading. This criticism isn't new and was being commented on months ago.
And all of it shows. In the past year every other blockchain project has moved forwards by leaps and bounds. But what has ETC done? Last fall the hype was talk about monetary policy. In spring the hype was agreement about monetary policy. In summer the hype was that the code for the monetary policy had finally been written. Now it's December and the hype is that monetary policy is about to actually be implemented. Also a couple of wallets came out in the meantime (not that we didn't already have wallets, courtesy of Ethereum). Is this accomplishment? Is this a revolutionary disruptor of a technology? Hell, is this even anything remotely useful? I think not.
“But what about the price? The price has gone up, hasn't it?” Yes, it has. And this is the problem – the price has gone up based on what? Not because of any increase in the inherent value of the chain. It's gone up because we have one big-shot investor, Barry Silbert, who's gone to Wall Street and sold some people on it. It's gone up because of hype – it's been pumped. Any time anything at all happens everyone rushes to stir up enthusiasm as if it's a big deal – a major red flag that nothing is really moving forward. The biggest excitement for the past year has been the monetary policy – which is just an artificial restriction of the supply in order to make the price go up. But what is the utility of a higher price if the chain itself is no more functional, has no more use cases being developed, than a year ago? The only utility of a higher price in such a situation is the ability to sell for more profit – to dump.
The point I'm making is that the value proposition of Ethereum Classic is a sham. Everyone claims it's decentralized, but a handful of people control the development and the narrative. Everyone claims that ETC is more responsible than Ethereum – we would never spawn an “ICO boom” of questionable get-rich-quick-promising crowdfunded projects with no working products. But in reality the ETCDEV team is now closely associated with an ICO (with no working product) – Fractalide, and are trying to create a platform for launching ICOs (TokenMint). The whole ETC community acts like it has some sort of ethical superiority over Ethereum, but in practice they are trying to do the exact same thing – they're just doing a pathetic job of it so far with less resources. The big money in ETC is just pumping and dumping, while the ordinary people are left in a state of denial, deluding themselves into thinking that they're blazing some revolutionary path while they're really just following Ethereum's footsteps, but at a snail's pace.
All the above points are the reasons I have decided to sell all of my ETC. But there is also a much bigger reason why I am writing this, and why I have taken down my website and Twitter account. The bigger reason is that Ethereum (including ETC) is a danger to the entire cryptocurrency space. Many (most?) of us in the space believe that blockchain technology has the potential to revolutionize the world's economic system – and to facilitate a massive transfer of power from the banks and corporations into the hands of ordinary people. But, there has been great resistance from the existing “system”, which has tried to characterize cryptocurrencies as nothing but unsafe, shady, and risky speculative assets (for example: Jamie Dimon calling Bitcoin a fraud). And this system still has one largely untapped weapon up its sleeve – regulation.
The recklessness that has been happening and continues to happen in the Ethereum ecosystem – including the multitudes of unambiguously illegal (and often shady) ICOs, and the long trail of damage left behind due to security errors prevalent in the system – strongly confirms the narrative that the establishment is spinning about cryptocurrency in general. Furthermore, this will be the doorway to a massive regulatory crackdown on all of cryptocurrency, the likes of which very few people will anticipate. Cryptocurrency is currently very under-regulated, and of course regulation is inevitable and healthy for its global adoption, but if the banks, corporations, and governments need any excuse to wage open war on the entire free cryptocurrency space, this is it.
Conclusion: I really am sad to say this, but I no longer believe in Ethereum, least of all Ethereum Classic, as either a viable investment or as a source of positive change. They have simply screwed things up too badly, past the point of no return. Fortunately, Ethereum is no longer the only major smart contract platform in existence – several other good and viable projects now exist – Cardano, as well as NEO, and EOS (although I am not so familiar with these two), and also IOTA has smart contract plans in 2018. And let us not forget about the Rootstock platform, which is very close to bringing smart contract capability directly to the Bitcoin network.
It took me 3 months of stepping back and stripping my emotional attachments away in order to see things clearly. This wasn't a decision taken lightly, nor a post written without trepidation. But these things needed saying. Please just strip yourself of emotional attachment and consider honestly these things written. Best wishes to the individuals whom I have met while involved in this project, especially Classic_Kevin who has administered the day to day of ETCisComing recently (and who was not made aware of my decision until moments before, and who is a brilliant young man with a promising future. Kevin, I am sorry that this will probably hurt you, but in this case the needs of the many outweighed the needs of the one). Goodbye.
In 1919, Hungarian agricultural engineer Karl Ereky coined the term "biotechnology" to describe the merging of biology and technology. Ereky's vision has been realized by thousands of companies and research institutions that are developing a growing list of biotechnology products. While the big money in biotech is in pharmaceuticals, medical devices and diagnostics, many advances are also being made to develop more-resilient crops, biofuels, biomaterials and pollution controls.
In general, any medicine made with or derived from living organisms is considered a biotech therapy or biologics. The industry is rapidly changing through ongoing mergers and acquisitions (M&A), and these multinational corporations are positioning themselves to capitalize on the growing health care needs of the world.
1) Johnson & Johnson
Founded in 1886 and headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey, Johnson & Johnson (NYSE: JNJ) is a multinational pharmaceutical, medical devices and consumer packaged goods manufacturer. Johnson & Johnson manufactures, markets or distributes more than 172 drugs in the United States, including brands such as Tylenol, Zyrtec, Motrin and Sudafed. The company's pharmaceutical segment focuses on immunology, neuroscience, infectious disease and oncology.
As of 2017, the company employed 130,000 people, reported sales of $76.5 billion and had a market capitalization of $373 billion. The company is a component of the Dow Jones Industrial Average.
2) Roche
Founded in Switzerland in 1896, Roche (NASDAQ: ROG.VX) calls itself the largest biotech company in the world, with 17 biopharmaceuticals on the market. Roche has long been at the forefront of cancer research and treatment, creating medicines for breast, skin, colon, ovarian, lung and other cancers. It is a leader in tissue-based cancer diagnostics, diabetes management and in-vitro diagnostics, and it has developed breakthrough treatments in ophthalmology and neuroscience. As of 2017, Roche employed 97,734 people, reported sales of CHF 53,299 ($53.4 billion) and had a market cap of $208 billion.
3) Novartis
Switzerland-based Novartis (NYSE: NVS) was founded in 1996 through a merger of Ciba-Geigy and Sandoz. Novartis focuses its business on pharmaceuticals, eye care and generics. It is expanding its presence in the emerging markets of Asia, Africa and Latin America where there is high demand for medicines and health care. The company's pharmaceutical division is among the world leaders at developing and commercializing oncology, primary care and specialty medicines. As of 2017, Novartis had over 121,000 employees worldwide, sales of $49.1 billion and a market capitalization of $198 billion as of October 2018.
4) Pfizer
Pfizer Inc. (NYSE: PFE) is a research-based global biopharmaceutical company founded in 1849 and headquartered in New York City. In 2015, the company agreed to acquire Botox maker Allergan for $160 billion in the largest inversion deal in history and the largest-ever acquisition in the health care sector. The merger created the largest biotech company in the world headquartered in Ireland, where Allergan is also headquartered. In 2017, Pfizer had revenues of $52.5 billion and a market capitalization of $256 billion as of October 2018.
5) Merck
Founded in 1891 and headquartered in New Jersey, Merck & Co. Inc. (NYSE: MRK) is a global company that produces prescription medicines, vaccines, biologic therapies, and consumer and animal health products. Its core product categories include diabetes, cancer, vaccines and hospital acute care. It specializes in creating treatments for cancer, hepatitis C, cardio-metabolic disease, antibiotic-resistant infection and Alzheimer's disease. Merck is also investing heavily in the fight against emerging global pandemics such as Ebola. As of 2017, Merck employed 69,000 people worldwide, had sales of $40.1 billion and a market capitalization of $190 billion.
6) Gilead Sciences
Gilead Sciences Inc. (NASDAQ: GILD) is headquartered in California. Its primary areas of focus include HIV/AIDS, liver diseases such as hepatitis B virus and hepatitis C virus, and serious cardiovascular/metabolic and respiratory conditions. Gilead has produced a number of firsts including complete treatment regimens for HIV infection in a once-daily pill and the first oral antiretroviral pill to reduce the risk of acquiring HIV in certain high-risk adults. As of 2017, Gilead employed 10,000 people worldwide, had sales of $25.7 billion and a market capitalization of $90 billion.
7) Novo Nordisk
Novo Nordisk (NYSE: NVO) is a multinational biotech company headquartered in Denmark with production facilities in seven countries and affiliates or offices in 75 countries. The company's primary focus is diabetes care, hemophilia care, growth hormone therapy and hormone replacement therapy. The company makes several drugs under various brand names including Levemir, NovoLog, Novolin R, NovoSeven, NovoEight and Victoza. As of 2018, the company employed 42,700 people, and sales in 2017 were $16.9 billion. The company had a market capitalization of $102 billion in 2018.
8) Amgen
Headquartered in Thousand Oaks, California, Amgen Inc. (NASDAQ: AMGN) focuses on human therapeutics and concentrates on new medicines based on advances in cellular and molecular biology. It markets recombinant protein therapeutics in supportive cancer care, nephrology and inflammation. Amgen also develops treatments for kidney disease, rheumatoid arthritis, bone disease and other serious illnesses. As of 2017, Amgen employed over 20,000 people worldwide, had revenues of $22.8 billion and a market capitalization of $125 billion.
9) Bristol
Based in New York City, Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. (NYSE: BMY) manufactures prescription pharmaceuticals for treating cancer, HIV/AIDS, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hepatitis, rheumatoid arthritis and psychiatric disorders. Some of its marketed medicines include Plavix, Abilify and Opdivo, which treats advanced-stage cancer that has grown or spread.
Bristol-Myers Squibb was formed in 1989 with the merger of Bristol-Myers and the Squibb Corporation. M&A has led to recent company growth. Bristol-Myers Squibb acquired iPierian for $725 million in 2015 and Flexus Biosciences for $1.25 billion in 2015. As of 2017, Bristol-Myers Squibb employed 23,700 people, had sales of $20.8 billion and a market capitalization of $81.2 billion.
10) Sanofi
A motorist was detained by the Secret Service late Saturday night after driving a vehicle that appeared to be suspicious up to a checkpoint near the White House, authorities said. An “on-going criminal investigation” was under way, a Secret Service spokesperson said early Sunday.
The vehicle was driven about 11:05 p.m. to a Secret Service checkpoint at 15th and E Street NW, according to the spokesperson, and the driver was detained by officers from the Secret Service Uniform Division.
They “declared their vehicle suspicious” and “increased their posture of readiness,” the spokesperson said. The checkpoint, with a Secret Service kiosk, is at the southeastern corner of an outer perimeter that encloses the grounds of the White House.
Driving through the checkpoint does not offer access to the White House grounds. The closest part of the South Lawn is about 100 yards away. The White House itself is about a quarter mile away.
The checkpoint is northwest of the Department of Commerce and south of the statue of General William T. Sherman and the Treasury Department.
It was not clear what caused the motorist to be detained or the vehicle to be declared suspicious.
A search of the vehicle is a standard practice in such situations. How long a search might require was not known. Commonly, authorities look for weapons or explosives or both.
Because of the ongoing investigation, the spokesperson said early Sunday, no further details would be provided.
Two people this month have been taken into custody and accused of trying to breach White House security. The more recent event took place earlier Saturday when someone climbed over a crowd-control barrier outside the White House. After that incident, it was reported that the president was not in the White House, but had gone to Florida.
In a more serious incident on March 10, a man made it onto the White House grounds and reportedly spent 16 minutes there before being arrested.
(Reuters)
The 15th and E Street checkpoint figured in a fatal incident in 2013. A woman who drove into that checkpoint was later shot by law enforcement officers near the U.S. Capitol.
Autoencoding a Single Bit
Here's a seemingly silly idea: let's try to encode a single bit of information with a variational autoencoder (VAE). Our data set thus consists of two i.i.d. samples. In fact, here's what it looks like:
data = np . array ([[ 0. ], [ 1. ]])
We will attempt to autoencoder this data using a variational autoencoder with a single-dimensional $z$ (after all, one dimension should be sufficient), where $p(z)$ is unit Gaussian, $p(x \mid z)$ is Bernoulli, and $q(z \mid x)$ is a conditional Gaussian—a standard formulation of the VAE.
To evaluate what the VAE is doing, we will monitor two metrics of interest: the reconstruction score $-\ln p(x \mid z)$ and the KL-divergence $\KL(q(z \mid x) \| p(z))$ between the approximate posterior and the prior. Both the reconstruction score and the KL-divergence are indicators of how much information about $x$ is encoded in $z$. The more information is encoded, the higher the KL-divergence cost that we pay, but the smaller the reconstruction cost. So what behavior should we expect when we run our VAE?
*Drum roll*
Reconstruction cost: 0.693
KL cost: 0.0
Oh. Well that was anti-climactic. Remarkably, it looks almost like our VAE pretty much learned nothing about the data. It certainly encoded nothing into the latent variable $z$…
Wait, Why Did The VAE Fail?
If you buy into the beauty and power of the variational autoencoder, seeing the VAE fail so spectacularly can come as a shock at first. But once you've picked your shattered expectations off the ground, you'll realize that this behavior is completely expected.
To be more precise, the VAE didn't fail at all. In fact, the VAE learned to perfectly model the data by learning a very excellent Bernoulli decoder, where for all $z$,
Furthermore, recall that the objective function of the VAE is to maximize the variational lower bound
But $\ln p(x = 1) = -0.693$ is the correct density since we in fact have one-half chance of sampling $x = 1$. As such, we don't have a lower bound: our VAE learned the actual density! Unfortunately, it's just that our VAE found a way of modeling the data without using the latent variable $z$ at all.
So The VAE Was Successful?
Well… yes and no. If your plan is to estimate the data density, then break out the champagne and celebrate this trivial accomplishment! You have successfully learned a model where the variational lower bound is tight (so tight that the gap is zero) and the model is exact :)
But if your plan is to learn a meaningful representation of the data… you have clearly failed D:
The Standard VAE Will Never Use The Latent Variable
If your plan is to learn a meaningful representation of the two-bit data, then you're in a bit of a pickle. No matter how many times you run the VAE and how deep your neural networks, the VAE will consistently learn to encode zero information into $z$ (which turns out to be the global optimum). This raises an important question: why exactly is the VAE so against encoding information into $z$? The reason has to do with our poorly chosen prior $p(z)$ and approximate posterior $q(z \mid x)$.
To facilitate our analysis, let's look at another way to formulate our objective function. The usual objective is to maximize the variational lower bound,
From a computational perspective, what we really care about is to estimate $\theta$ via maximum likelihood. To make the generative model more expressive we make use of the latent variable $z$, since
has the potential to be arbitrarily complex. But this expressivity comes as a cost. Unfortunately, $p_\theta(x)$ is intractable because marginalizing the latent variable $z$ is potentially very challenging. So instead, we maximize the variational lower bound, which is computable. It should be easy to see that the higher the variational lower bound, the more density we assign to the data $x$. But we can do a little bit of math to get yet another meaningful expression,
The resulting expression isn't very useful computationally, since $p_\theta(z \mid x)$ is very difficult to compute. But it shows another side of the story to VAEs: maximizing the lower bound is exactly the same as maximizing the likelihood—provided that our variational approximation $q(\cdot \vert \cdot)$ matches the true posterior $p(\cdot \vert \cdot)$.
From this perspective, it is easy to see why our VAE did not use the latent variable $z$. Note that not using the latent variable at all allows us to estimate the true density while matching the true posterior exactly (which is now simply the unit Gaussian prior—very easy to approximate). Let's call this our default option. If we really want to use the latent variable, we will have to demonstrate an alternative option where,
The latent variable is used.
The model learns the true density.
The approximate posterior exactly matches the true posterior.
Notice that all three conditions must be satisfied in order for there to even be a chance of the VAE learning to make sure of $z$. However, it is easy to demonstrate that in all cases where $z$ is used, the conditions can never be satisfied. Here is a quick proof.
A Proof By Contradiction
Suppose we have a model where the latent variable $z$ is used, the model learns the true density, and the variational approximation matches the true posterior. Since the variational approximation matches the true posterior,
However, $q(z \mid x = k)$ is a Gaussian and $(1/2) \sum_{k = 0}^1 q(z \mid x = k)$ is a mixture of two Gaussians. It is obvious that a mixture of two Gaussians can match $p(z)$ if and only if
However, this means we are not using the latent variable $z$. We can conclude via proof by contradiction that our VAE will never use the latent variable $z$. $\Box$
Forcing the Model to Use the Latent Variable
There is a way to force the model to use the latent variable. Instead of having a single dimensional data space, let's use five dimensions, $n=5$.
data = np . array ([[ 0. , 0. , 0. , 0. , 0. ], [ 1. , 1. , 1. , 1. , 1. ]])
Here, we leverage the fact that our decoder generates the five dimensions independently when conditioned on $z$. In other words,
Suppose we wish to learn to model this new data. If the model does not use the latent variable at all, the best we can do is to set $\ln p(x_i \mid z) = 0.5$ for all $x_i$ and $z$. Unfortunately, this means $\ln p(\mathbf{x}^{(0)}) = \ln p(\mathbf{x}^{(1)}) = -3.47$, which is a far way off from the true density $-0.693$. The fact that the decoder generates the five dimensions independently now puts stress on model to rely on the latent variable $z$ to coordinate the five independent dimensions.
By increasing the value of $n$, we put increasing pressure on the model to use the latent variable, which we can monitor by looking at the reconstruction cost per dimension.
But we shouldn't start high-fiving ourselves yet just because we're able to force $z$ to be meaningful. This ability to minimize the per-dimension reconstruction cost comes at a hefty cost. Remember that we are limiting ourselves to the family of Gaussians for our variational approximation. Because we are now increasingly forced to rely on the latent variable, we are forced to pay the $\KL(q(z \mid x) \| p(z \mid x))$ price, which raises our loss. This is best visualized by looking at the encoding distribution, which we define as,
Simply by visual inspection, it is easy to see that the encoding distribution fails to match the prior. Furthermore, it tends to be the case that a poor variational family (in our case, the family of Gaussians) leads to a poor generative model. In this case, note that the highest density is at $z = 0$. This unfortunately coincides with the valley of $q(z)$. So what is $p(x \mid z = 0)$? More likely than not, it is going to be some unpleasant average of the two data points.
Encoding Without The Price: Using A Better Variational Family
One of the key take-home messages is that, because our variational family is imperfect, we will always pay a price when encoding into $z$. Failure to match the true posterior leads to a poorer variational lower bound, which usually means a poorer maximum likelihood on the training set, which usually means a poorer maximum likelihood on the test set, which implies a poorer generative model.
Much of VAE research has thus beeen dedicated to improving the variational lower bound by expanding the variational family beyond the set of Gaussians. It turns out that one very simple way of doing so is by simply using a Deep Latent Gaussian Model (DLGM) and using structured inference. In other words, we shall use the following generative model,
and the following inference model,
Although we are still sticking to Gaussians for all of the factorized distributions, it is worth noting that $q(z_2 \mid x)$ is potentially an arbitrarily complex distribution since we get to marginalize over the latent variable $z_1$. This gives us a better shot of matching true posterior, provided that we're lucky enough that $p(z_1 \mid x)$ is actually Gaussian.
In the case of our 1-bit data, this actually seems plausible. We consider the following generative model:
If we set $a$ to be really big, then it is approximately true that $z_2 \le 0$ maps to $x^{(0)}$ and $z_2 > 0$ maps to $x^{(1)}$. By focusing on $x^{(0)}$, we can easily determine what the true posteriors ought to be.
Notice that $p(z_1)$ is a mixture of two Gaussians. Since $x^{(0)}$ is almost always generated from the first Gaussian component $p(z_1 \mid z_2 \le 0)$, the true posterior for $p(z_1 \mid x^{(0)})$ will approximately be the same as $p(z_1 \mid z_2 \le 0)$. Similarly, since $x^{(0)}$ is almost always generated from $z_2 \le 0$, the true posterior for $p(z_2 \mid x^{(0)})$ will approximately be a truncuated Gaussian (the left-half of the prior $p(z_2)$). Of course, these are only approximations, but it turns out that these approximations are good enough!
We can set $n = 1000$ (this really forces the VAE to encode using the latent variables) and take a look at how good a 1-layer VAE and a 2-layer VAE are at matching the prior distributions $p(z)$ and $p(z_2)$ respectively.
In comparison to the 1-layer VAE, the 2-layer VAE is a lot more capable at approximating the truncuated Gaussian posterior thanks to the marginalization of the latent variable $z_1$. We can most easily see this by comparing the reconstruction cost and loss.
It is easy to see that the 2-layer VAE achieves better reconstruction cost and lower loss. All of this is thanks to the more expressive variational family, which enabled $q(z_2 \mid x)$ to be a complex distribution (in this case, approximating a truncated Gaussian). It is also worth noting that the 2-layer VAE isn't perfect (it also fails to exactly match the true posterior). This is why when $n = 1$, both VAEs default to not using the latent variable whatsoever.
Don't Do This At Home. Or Anywhere.
There's an excellent saying that:
If all you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail.
Given the simplicity of the data sets (regardless of the number of dimensions $n$) that we are considering, there are much simpler models that can perfectly learn the true data density. So before you start using your deep amortized variational hammer on every task available, it is always wise to ask yourself whether a different (preferably simpler) tool can do the job equally well, if not better.
Silly, But Hopefully Insightful!
Disclaimers aside, it is worth realizing that when $n > 1$, the standard VAE does need the latent variable and actually fails to learn the correct density. This simple exercise reveals some of the consistency issues that the VAE experiences—an issue that continues to plague VAE on more complex tasks if your variational family is misspecified (relative to your choice of generative model and the true data-generating distribution). By reducing to the simplest possible example, we get to see this limitation play out.
Personally, I think seeing the 2-layer VAE approximate a truncated Gaussian is also really exciting! I have long suspected this behavior, but seeing is believing, right?
I hope this post can serve as a (weak) counter-point to the $\beta$-VAE paper. After all, this post provides a counter-example (albiet a very contrived one) where you have to give the reconstruction term higher weight in order to force the encoding representation to be meaningful. If someone can find a less trivial counter-point, that would be quite interesting!
If you want to learn more about some of the stuff described in this post, I highly recommend Peter Chen's Variational Lossy Autoencoder paper and Matt Hoffman's ELBO surgery paper!
And last but not least, here's some code :D
Code on GitHub
Jupyter Notebook
End of post
Angry street protests created havoc Tuesday at the Republican National Convention, forcing the Secret Service to temporarily suspend transportation for lawmakers and other officials trying to get to and from events within the roughly 1.5-square-mile complex.
Among the most chaotic scenes was a tense, midday standoff at an intersection close to where GOP members of congress and others do interviews at the TV networks' makeshift studios -- halting traffic and sending nearly a hundred police officers to the scene.
The incident involved Trump and anti-Trump protesters, Black Lives Matter members and self-described anarchists.
Police in riot gear and on bicycles diffused the situation by separating the groups before violence erupted.
“There were a lot of crazy people, a lot of uniformed people,” said 18-year-old Sam Ditzhazy, a protester from Michigan who was holding a “Trump: Make America Great Again” banner.
There were unconfirmed reports later in the afternoon of protesters breaking storefront windows near that scene.
Earlier in the day, a skirmish broke out in the city's Public Square when right-wing conspiracy theorist and radio show host Alex Jones started speaking. Police on bicycles pushed back a surging crowd, and Jones was whisked away.
Minutes later, more officers on bicycles formed a line between a conservative religious group and a communist-leaning organization carrying a sign that read, "America Was Never Great."
The demonstrators also include anti-government and anti-Muslim groups.
The crowds and the police presence were some of the largest and most raucous gatherings in downtown Cleveland since the convention got underway Monday.
Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams was talking to the crowd Tuesday before some of the skirmishes broke out.
In addition, three people were arrested and charged with criminal mischief for climbing flagpoles outside the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum early Tuesday morning and hanging an anti-Donald Trump banner.
More than 300 officers from more than a dozen law enforcement agencies have come to patrol the downtown on bicycles over the four-day convention.
Rallies on Monday, the first day of the convention, included a small number of demonstrators openly carrying guns as allowed under Ohio law.
But the violence and destruction that many feared could erupt, amid an exceptional year of violence in the United States and overseas, has yet to occur.
Williams on Monday evening said the protests have so far been “peaceful” with just one arrest.
FoxNews.com's Joseph Weber and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Mozilla yesterday detailed plans to require Firefox add-ons to be digitally signed, a move meant to bear down on rogue and malicious extensions, and one that resembled Google's decision years ago to secure Chrome's add-on ecosystem.
Some Firefox users called out Mozilla for disregarding its own long-and-often-expressed ethos of the need for an open Internet.
[ Safeguard your browsers; InfoWorld's experts tell you how in the "Web Browser Security Deep Dive" PDF guide. | Get the latest insight on the tech news that matters from InfoWorld's Tech Watch blog. ]
"We're responsible for our add-ons ecosystem and we can't sit idle as our users suffer due to bad add-ons," said Jorge Villalobos, the add-ons developer relations lead at Mozilla, in a blog post Wednesday.
Firefox, which celebrated its 10th-year anniversary last November, has long been known for its laissez-faire approach to add-ons, one of the features that propelled it to a 25 percent share of all browsers in 2009 and helped revitalize the browser market.
As of January 2015, Firefox owned a 12 percent user share of all browsers, according to analytics company Net Applications.
Add-ons have gotten out of hand, said Mozilla's Villalobos and the rules must be tightened. "Extensions that change the homepage and search settings without user consent have become very common, just like extensions that inject advertisements into Web pages or even inject malicious scripts into social media sites," they said, citing reasons for the digital-signing requirement.
An earlier attempt to stymie bad add-ons with a list of developer guidelines didn't work, in large part because Firefox add-ons can be hosted anywhere -- much like Android apps -- not only on AMO (Mozilla Add-On), the browser's official mart. One option Mozilla considered but discarded was to mimic Chrome by requiring all Firefox add-ons to be downloaded from AMO. "We believe that forcing all installs through our distribution channel is an unnecessary constraint," Villalobos said.
Instead, Mozilla will require all add-ons to be digitally signed. Those approved for hosting on AMO will be automatically signed by Mozilla, but others intended for distribution outside AMO must still be submitted for review, and thus, signing. Mozilla will run automated checks for malicious content or operation on all extensions submitted to AMO, with manual review as a backup.
A third option for add-ons that will never be publicly distributed -- ones crafted by a business, for example, for use only by its employees -- will exist. "We'll have more details available on this in the near future," Villalobos promised.
Once the new policy takes effect, unsigned add-ons will not be installable on Firefox's Release and Beta builds, the most stable, most popular of Mozilla's four channels. Unsigned extensions will be able to be installed on the other two channels, Aurora and Nightly.
Mozilla plans to use a two-cycle transition period -- each cycle is six weeks, the interval between Firefox version numbers -- to ease users into the new policy. During the transition, unsigned add-ons will only trigger an on-screen warning.
Villalobos said that Mozilla aims to debut the warning-only transition with Firefox 39, now slated for release on June 30. If it makes that schedule -- Mozilla often pushes back changes to future release cycles -- that means only signed add-ons would be allowed as of Firefox 41, which has a Sept. 22 launch date.
Mozilla's current Release build is Firefox 35; the next, Firefox 36, is scheduled to launch Feb. 24.
The Firefox add-on changes are reminiscent of those Google has pursued for Chrome since mid-2012, when the search company gradually began applying controls over extensions. Like Villalobos yesterday, Google cited rogue add-ons --particularly those that changed the browser's home page and sneaky criminals, who silently installed malicious extensions onto unwary users' copies of Chrome -- for its lockdown.
In May 2014, Google crippled almost all add-ons that had been installed from sources other than the Chrome Web Store, the browser's official distribution market.
While Mozilla won't go that far, Villalobos' announcement was met with skepticism by many who appended comments to their post.
"This is contrary to all of Mozilla's values," asserted Daniel Miranda in a Thursday comment. "All the talk of openness and then turning the browser into a walled garden is unacceptable. It is not compatible with anything Mozilla has stood for. It is a political solution masking over a technical failure of Firefox to properly sandbox its add-ons."
"So Mozilla principle #5, 'Individuals must have the ability to shape the Internet and their own experiences on it,' is now a misnomer," said AnonCoward. "They only have this ability IF approved by Mozilla."
AnonCoward's reference was to the fifth of 10 principles that Mozilla touts as its "manifesto."
"This is a very bad idea," Mike said yesterday. "Making the browser yet more Chrome-like will not help regain users, and will not help your goodwill. Someone should hire some people with a better sense of the Firefox community at Mozilla. Really, this is getting dire."
Mozilla also solicited comments and questions about the new policy in a new discussion thread on one of its add-on forums.
This story, "Mozilla reveals Firefox add-on lockdown" was originally published by Computerworld .
In my senior year of high school, my friends Adam, Alex, Cooper, and I decided to start playing poker. None of us had played before, but we wanted to learn the game and we had the time to kill.
It's been six years, but the four of us still play when we are all home. We have gone to great lengths to keep poker nights going. Adam has worked during it. Cooper has skyped in. The games are far less frequent, but we still make it happen a handful of times each year.
We have probably played, oh, 100 times. There have been some pretty epic moments over the years.
​There was the time that Adam got a royal flush and didn't even know it.
Adam: Well, good hand everyone.
Me: WAIT A MINUTE HOLY $@#% ADAM YOU HAVE A ROYAL FLUSH.
Adam: Huh, would you look at that.
The odds of a royal flush are 1 in 649,739.
There was the time Cooper and I rigged a hand. Alex got four jacks, Adam got four queens, I got a straight flush to the queen, and Cooper got a royal flush. The four of us went all in and chaos ensued.
There was the time we were in the middle of a hand and saw sparks out the window. We thought they were Christmas lights. Then they got bigger. We went outside to investigate and saw that the house down the street was on fire. The fire department was already there but couldn't salvage the house. It burned to the ground and we watched, stunned.
There was the time Cooper angrily threw their jack high down in frustration even though it was the highest hand. We ruled that Cooper folded. This prompted Cooper to claim that their act of throwing their cards down was NOT a fold. We all had to deliberate and decide what to do. To Cooper's frustration, the ruling stood.
The point is, there have been many, many crazy moments over the years – and they are all carefully documented because of course they are. This is what we do.
But this isn't really a post about poker. This is a post about the word rodeon, a word we invented and still use regularly. Let us begin the journey down the rabbit hole, broken into three parts.
PART 1: RODEON, THE ORIGIN STORY
One day, instead of playing poker, we played Scrabble. This was in late 2008 or early 2009 – the actual date is, unfortunately, lost to history. We were all enjoying ourselves and showing off our linguistical prowess when someone played the word RODEO. And then, inexplicably, Cooper placed an N next to the O and said ‘Rodeon!' I don't know why we found this funny, but we did, and we laughed.
Something about the word stuck with us. Maybe it was the way Cooper said it, maybe it was just the peculiar combination of syllables, but at some point we decided to make rodeon a word. Not just a Scrabble word – an actual, real word that we would forever use in our lives. The four of us almost immediately agreed on a definition. And, like, I don't know how we managed to agree on this so quickly, but it was like the word rodeon was there all along, and we were just the first to happen upon it, as if we were the guardians of the word and its meaning, like how Isaac Newton felt when they discovered gravity or calculus. I don't doubt that divine intervention played a part.
rodeon [roh-dee-on]
noun; verb
a situation where a person is expecting a full success, but is met with disappointing failure — often to the delight of another present party
At first, we only used the word in poker situations. I have a better hand than you – rodeon. I bluffed and won – rodeon. And then, over time, we started to use the word in all types of situations. It took on a life of its own. We realized – this could be big.
PART 2: THE WORD'S UTILITY
Let us count the reasons why rodeon is such a useful word.
It can be used in all types of situations.
– I was expecting such a pleasant day, so I drove to the park, but then it rained. Rodeon.
– There are 45,000 seats in this baseball stadium, and it just so happens that a bird defecated on mine. Rodeon.
One time, Alex and I were out to dinner with their family. We both ordered pulled pork sandwiches. Moments later, the waiter returned and said that they only had enough pulled pork for one sandwich. This was a rodeon.*
*Well, it was a rodeon for Alex. The sandwich went to me.
It fills a void in the English language.
This is called a lexiconical gap, when something doesn't have a word but should. For example, the Italian word cualcino refers to the mark left on a table by a cold glass. There is no English translation.
There isn't really an English word that captures the rodeon phenomenon (as far as I'm aware, there isn't a word in any language). In middle school, the word “serve” was popular, as in “you got served,” or “that was a serve.” I don't know why those were things we said, but they were. “Burn” was also popular. No one says those words in 2014.
Without the word rodeon, the only way to describe these moments is by using multiple words, such as “unfortunate situation” or “I was expecting great success and then this awful thing happened.” Sometimes people use the phrase “Murphy's Law,” but there is a subtle difference.
Murphy's Law: anything that can go wrong will go wrong
Rodeon: you expect nothing to go wrong and then it does
It can be used as both a noun and verb.
A rodeon can be a thing (“man, that was such a rodeon”) or an action (“I rodeoned you”). In rare cases, it can be used as an adjective (rodeonical) or even an adverb (rodeonically). It cannot be used as a pronoun or proper noun, unless, of course, you start a business called ‘Rodeon,' which, apparently, has already happened.
It has an opposite.
The opposite of a rodeon is a noedor, pronounced “know-door,” which is rodeon backwards. This is when you expect something bad to happen, but it doesn't. It is said (and experienced) less often, though certainly encouraged.
It is a fun word to say.
Say it out loud. Rodeon. Roh-dee-on. RODEON.
And now we move on to Part 3:
PART 3: THE FUTURE OF THE WORD
I am a simple man, and I don't want or expect too much, but one thing I really really want to see is for the word rodeon to spread like a giant virus, invading the brains of every human and becoming a part of the world's regular lexicon. I want to see it in official Supreme Court decisions, in sports box scores, in job rejection letters. I want to see it on news broadcasts. I want to see it in the dictionary.
We all agree – the moment one of us attains a position of power, we will do what we can to spread the word. We are playing the long game. We don't expect it to happen quickly, but we will see it through, and it will happen.
One final thought.
It took an amazing series of events for the word rodeon to enter the world. The four of us had to play the exact same Scrabble words in the exact same order, the word ‘rodeo' must have been played, Cooper had to have an N, and above all, they had to inexplicably place it after rodeo. None of this should have happened. The definition and use of the word – oh yes, that was borne out of necessity and honed through careful, pragmatic thinking. But its creation just happened. I think back to the words of Albert Einstein. I never made one of my discoveries through the process of rational thinking.
Advertisements
ADVERTISEMENT
"I also think that they are coming to this office with fewer set, hard-and-fast policy prescriptions than a lot of other presidents might be arriving with. I don't think they are ideological,” Obama told reporters at a news conference at the White House. “I think ultimately he's pragmatic in that way, and that can serve them well as long as he's got good people around them and they have a good sense of direction.”
The president's glass-half-full view of Trump is a stark departure from the rhetoric they used on the campaign trail, when they described them as an erratic figure who's unfit to serve as commander in chief.
In their first extended comments since meeting with Trump for roughly 90 minutes in the Oval Office last week, Obama said that Trump might realize the difficulties of taking a hatchet to their core policies, such as ObamaCare, the Iran deal and the Paris climate accord.
"Do I have concerns? Absolutely,” Obama said. “But the federal government and our democracy is not a speed boat. It's an ocean liner.”
The Blind Leading The Blind
I have a number of recent example of people starting tech careers 5 years into a different career. They're already SO strong on the non-code aspects of programming - partly I'm sure because of their personalities but also because they've had some time to figure out how to be an adult with a job. Problem-solving, teamwork, self-teaching, communication, attention to detail, organization, etc. These people are invaluable team members long before their technical contributions justify their salaries.
So that's been making me think we need to value non-code skills much more highly and explicitly. But resumes, interviews, the whole hiring process is set up to focus on technical ability. Sure, the best resumes, the best interviews, the best hiring processes do at least acknowledge non-code skills. But the industry as a whole certainly doesn't. We represent ourselves as front-end devs instead of INTJ devs or conflict-resolution devs or empathic devs or devs who make it fun to come to work. We try to hire people with CS degrees and 5 years of AJAX. We've decided to value entire careers on a small technical cross-section, and we're just as successful as evaluating a tree by its rings. It's kind of possible but misses so much.
I think part of the reason we don't value non-code skills is because we don't have any frameworks for discussion and evaluation, no ladders and metrics to support and measure progress. It's hard enough with technical concepts, which are arguably objective compared to super-subjectives like "communication." I took a first shot at a piece of a framework, but it's far from perfect.
The Walled Garden Atop The Hill
Hiring devs is really hard, and I don't think it's news to anyone that the pipeline is part of the problem. Currently, most people enter the programming industry through a CS degree, self-taught, or bootcamps (very new). All of those paths are valid and have their own pros and cons, but all of them are hugely privileged. CS degree means you can go to college. Self-taught means you have a computer, downtime, and probably technical friends to ask when you get stuck. Bootcamps often mean you can scrape together $10k.
We desperately need new paths to success and we desperately need to lower the barriers to entry. Our current approach is so black-and-white. Can you code? Here's $70k+. Can't code? GTFO. We need more coding-adjacent spaces so people have the opportunity to make the jump.
Opportunity Awaits
I think there's something fundamentally important in the combination of making-new-paths and valuing-non-code-skills. I'm not sure yet what it is; I want to explore each idea independently. But to make this a little more concrete I do have a strawman proposal for how to bring these things together. Components of my proposal:
1. HIRE LITERALLY ANYONE
Select them as much as possible based on non-code skills, but I'm not convinced we can do a great job of that yet. Goodness knows the way we're hiring people right now based on code isn't any better than random selection. So maybe just hire people who are excited. And specifically hire out of underrepresented communities.
2. Fill their time as follows
Doing actual work 'around' programming - testing, project management, etc. They already have the non-code skills, let's get some value from them. We're paying them for a reason.
Rubber-ducking with a senior developer. Just sit there and watch/talk to them. This is not pairing.
But also, pairing.
Explicit code training.
3. Start them at $40k or something livable
This rate will increase by $10k every six months as they progress through a two-year program. These raises aren't arbitrary, they represent the actual value the employee is providing. (ok, it probably does include a bit of a premium to incentivize them to get all the way through the funnel, but hopefully their non-code skills are actually worth this much). Hopefully we also have some standardized ways to evaluate people's progress and adjust appropriately. The end goal here is to create a sustainable path for people to become developers, there aren't necessarily plateaus available at each of these salary levels.
Squeezing The Grapes
Why isn't this happening already? I think actually it is, or almost is, in many ways. People are talking about these problems and trying out some solutions. That's why I'm hopeful it's a realistically addressable problem.
But to the extent it isn't... small companies don't have the bandwidth to develop and manage this entire pipeline, especially the sourcing and curriculum pieces. Large companies, while potentially having the resources, are going to create hugely varied implementations, most of which probably suck. To truly create a new industry inroad, we need someone focused on this at the industry level.
Riding Into The Sunrise
The time is right for something like this. So much work has been done on so many aspects of this problem. Bootcamps have identified a big piece of it and have been very successful addressing that piece. Most bootcamps have hiring rates near 100%. Companies are trying to lower the bar, they just don't know how.
Similarly, there's an entire industry around teams and non-coding skills - it just hasn't really penetrated the dev community. This is why we have so many blog posts titled "You're a dev promoted to manager? Here's how to people". If we had more value on non-coding skills before you got to management we wouldn't need those blog posts. Programming has definitely shed the loner-in-a-basement stigma (at least inside the industry), we're ready for the next step.
I don't know the answers. I don't know the right industry-level vehicle to make this happen. Maybe a few dozen conference talks would be just as effective. Maybe bootcamps are ready to branch out to a less centralized model or alternative financial arrangements. Maybe a new company or nonprofit can address these ideas.
So what I need now is a reality check. Am I making sense? Have I missed something obvious (in my assumptions or in the work already being done)? And of course I'm also very interested in reactions and additions to all of this. What are the opportunities and challenges for moving this discussion forward?
Thanks for reading :) Let's blow these doors open.
December 2014 PC Game Rankings: SMITE Triumphant as the Runner-up MOBA
The 20 core PC Game Rankings remain stable at the Summit, with Riot's League of Legends at Rank 1, followed by Wargaming's World of Tanks and Mojang's Minecraft at Rank 3. These three titles have remained Top 3 since we began recording the rankings in April 2014. Blizzard's World of Warcraft, Valve's Counter Strike: Global Offensive and NCSoft's Guild Wars 2 (Rank 4, 5 and 6 respectively) have stayed unchallenged since September 2014. This has given the PC Game Rankings a veneer of relative calm at the top over the past few months- a stability that is now under attack with the arrival of the New Year.
The Power of Smite
In November 2014 HiRez Studio's Smite entered the Rankings at Number 18. We noted in our November 2014 report the company's serious investment in the eSports arena, empowered by a substantial investment by Tencent and the crowd funding towards its World Championship prize pool. You can find out more about the eSports economy, audience & trends here.
It's no surprise then to see Smite smash through the rankings, rising 11 places to take Rank 7, an almost unprecedented rise in the number of unique sessions in just a single month – dethroning Dota2 as the runner-up MOBA to LoL in the process. HiRez Studios has not only seen their World Championship prize pool risen to become the third largest eSports prize pool in history ($2.5 Million) but registrations for their Xbox Open Beta have officially opened. This is obviously a serious challenge to the overall dominance of League of Legends and Dota 2 in the MOBA space as neither of these titles have (or are currently planning) a console version.
The Clash of Competitive Titles
The top 10 ranking is dominated by titles that are excelling on the competitive gaming front, with three MOBAs in the mix. In the next few weeks we can expect further competition and movement from the eSports titles as Blizzards contribution, Heroes of the Storm, will be entering closed beta on January 13th. Having been in technical alpha for some time, pundits have seen the title as more casual friendly, with less emphasis on technical skill and complexity. With Blizzards powerful branding and strong core player following Heroes of the Storm has as much potential as Smite to upset the current dominion of eSports by LoL and Dota2.
Blizzard isn't just waging war on eSports. It's casual friendly card game Hearthstone: Heroes of Warcraft has risen 2 places to Rank 8, riding the release success of its most recent expansion ‘Goblins vs. Gnomes'. It's telling that Hearthstone has been not only the only card game title on the Top 20 Rankings, but now ranks in the Top 10.
It isn't all good news for Blizzard as Diablo 3 fell another 5 places to Rank 19 as it's player base continue to wait in vain for the long hyped expansion Ruins of Secheron
Indie Wins, MMORPG Woes
Indie studio Freejam Games's Robocraft has continued its ascension on the Rankings, rising 5 places to Rank 14. The title continues to accrue positive reviews on Steam, and recently won ‘Indie Game of the Year' on IndieDB.
December 2014 was on the whole a disappointment for MMORPG unique sessions. Despite Blizzard's World of Warcraft holding steady at Rank 4 other titles did not fare so well, with Trion World's ArcheAge falling 5 places to Rank 13. The title has been plagued with problems from the community with everything from its F2P model to its PVP game play. Despite a new expansion EA's Star Wars: The Old Republic fell 1 place to Rank 11, with WarThunder declining to Rank 17. It's telling that, possibly pushed by December Sales, Bethesda's The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim enters the Ranking at Rank 20 – with their MMO The Elder Scrolls Online nowhere to be seen.
Find more information on the eSports market and audience here.
About Overwolf
Overwolf is a customizable in-game overlay platform that has been installed in over 8 million PCs. This community of hardcore PC gamers are consistently making their own apps within the Overwolf platform and sharing them. Why? Because it's super simple and it enhances the gameplay experience of anyone's favorite title in a personal way. From in-game chat systems to customized controls, streaming or video capture, Overwolf allows users to implement their own visions into these games and do so in a timely manner.
About Newzoo
Newzoo is the leading global market research firm focused purely on the games market. The company provides its clients with a mix of primary consumer research, transactional data and financial analysis across all continents, screens and business models. It is also known for actively sharing a variety of insights by means of free trend reports, infographics, blogposts and monthly rankings. Newzoo's clients include Tencent, SEGA, Logitech, Wizards of the Coast, Nvidia, Microsoft, EA, Coca-Cola and Visa/PlaySpan.
Reflecting some important shifts in US public opinion over the past decade, the poll by Pew Research Centre found that the public's views are more evenly divided today in response to the question, "Why do they hate us?"
Today 43 percent agree with the proposition that the attacks may have been motivated by something "the US did wrong in its dealings with other countries", and 45 percentdisagree. Immediately after the attacks, a majority of respondents (55 percent) rejected that notion, while only a third agreed.
The shift, however, was mainly confined to self-described Democrats and independents, half of whom now believe US policies may have motivated Al Qaeda.
Republicans, on the other hand, remained steadfast, as on a number of other key issues, in their view that the attacks were not motivated by anything the US had done.
The survey also found major differences between age groups on this question. More than half (52 percent) of respondents under 30 said US actions may have motivated the attacks, while only 20 percent of respondents 65 and older were open to that explanation.
A similar shift has taken place over the past decade with respect to the public's belief that it may be necessary to give up civil liberties to curb terrorism, according to the survey.
While 55 percent of respondents agreed with that proposition immediately after 9/11, that percentage has fallen to 40 percent. Conversely, the percentage of those who believe that civil liberties should not be sacrificed rose from 35 percent to a 54-percent majority, the survey found.
The survey, which interviewed more than 1,500 adults Aug 17-21, found that the 9/11 attacks have been seared into the public's collective consciousness in a way that no other modern event ever has.
Six of 10 respondents said they believed 9/11 changed life in the United States in a major way, while only one in 10 said they believe life here remains basically the same as it was a decade ago.
If you've ever dreamed of starring in your own zombie shooting video game, like Left4Dead or Resident Evil, your wish is about to come true as “Patient 0“, the world's first “fully immersive live action real life, multiplayer, first-person shooter, role-playing game” is about to take place in Melbourne, Australia.
It's no secret that we're living in a golden age of zombies. From movies to video games and even real life events, the undead are everywhere these days, so it came as no surprise when entrepreneurs started creating all kinds of events centered around the walking corpses. So far we've had a zombie training camp, zombie obstacle race and even a zombie-infested mall challenge, so it's pretty clear this kind of event is becoming very popular. A group of enterprising young Australians has now decided to take things to a whole new level and announced they are working on a real-life first-person shooter game for people who wish they could just get off the couch and play their favorite zombie shooter in real life.
Like I mentioned earlier, zombie-themed events are nothing revolutionary, but what these Aussie enthusiasts are trying to create has never been done before. They plan to combine laser tag games, interactive role playing, technology and, of course, zombies to create a real life game where players can actually be the protagonists of their very own zombie survival adventure. Called “Patient 0” this unique experience will be launched on October 31st, in Melbourne, where it will run for a whole month. Depending on its success, the event will probably be held in other Australian cities, as well.
It might sound funny, but for the people behind the IRF (In Real Life) Shooter project, it's serious business. They plan on finding and dressing a location that looks like something out of a zombie video game, and adding professional-produced ambience sounds through a state of the art audio system, for extra eeriness. There will also be live HD video streaming from the CCTVs installed in the building.
One thing they are working really hard on is the weaponry players will get to use in Patient 0. Anyone who has ever played laser tag knows the experience is underwhelming, so it's not ideal for an adrenalin-packed experience like a real life zombies shooter. That's why the guys behind the project are working hard on custom-designed M4 assault rifle replicas that look and feel like real weapons. So far they are fitted with custom electronics and software, as well as mesh-networking which will send info on health, ammunition, hits and misses of the player to servers, in order to keep scores. They are also considering adding sound and muzzle flash, and a recoil effect.
The actual zombies will be played by paid actors wearing a series of sensors which will register hits on various body parts. Some will play your usual generic zombie, while other will be harder-to-kill hero zombies and even game bosses. Because, as one of the developers says, “what sort of game hasn't got bosses?”. Because Patient 0 is designed as a real life video game, it will also be story-driven with multiple levels, each with its own mission objectives, including information gathering and puzzle solving. According to the project page “this first instalment in the I.R.L Shooter universe is only going to play out once, then we change the story. It's going to be up to the players to put all the pieces together, find all the hidden information and try to work out who is behind it all!”
So far, the people behind Patient 0 have already reached their $10,000 goal on Pozible, with 52 days to go until deadline. They have over $30,000 in pledges right now, and as news of their idea spreads even more, they might be looking at serious funding for their Melbourne zombie shooter. As a big fan of zombie video games, I can't wait to see what they come up with on Halloween. All I know is it sounds pretty exciting.
Tickets to Patient 0 will cost $125 per person, but there are still a few discounts available for those who pre-order.
Pozible via I Started Something
LOS ANGELES — Marvel Television, ABC and Imax are joining forces on a heroic new series, The Inhumans, which will be based on the Marvel comic book characters created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby.
The characters were initially intended to headline their own Marvel movie, which was announced at the same time as Black Panther and Captain Marvel, before the film was yanked from Disney's release slate back in April and never rescheduled.
Marvel's The Inhumans will explore the never-before-told epic adventure of Inhuman king Black Bolt and other members of their royal family. No word yet on whether Inhuman characters introduced in Marvel and ABC's Agents of SHIELD series will cross over with The Inhumans, but it seems like a fairly safe bet, given the interconnectivity of the Marvel universe.
Under the new production, marketing and distribution deal, Imax will exclusively premiere the first two episodes of Marvel's The Inhumans in theaters worldwide for two weeks in September 2017, before the show makes its traditional broadcast debut on ABC in the fall.
The show's linear TV premiere will feature additional exclusive content that can only be seen on the network, no doubt to lure fans to show up for both the Imax bow and TV airing. The first two episodes will be filmed entirely with Imax digital cameras.
In addition to being the first time a live-action TV series has debuted in Imax theaters, the pact also marks Imax's first foray into financing a TV pilot and series.
ABC declined to comment on who will write and executive produce the new Inhumans series, with an announcement expected at a later date.
President Barack Obama plans to announce that the U.S. will join a "broad coalition" to fight the Islamic State.
The goal for this coalition will be to eradicate the militant group—also known as ISIS or ISIL—according to excerpts of the president's prepared remarks to the nation Wednesday night. And while Obama plans to pledge firm U.S. involvement in the fight against the extremists, the early excerpts from the address indicate that they will reiterate their resolve to keep American troops from fighting on the ground in the region.
"So tonight, with a new Iraqi government in place, and following consultations with allies abroad and Congress at home, I can announce that America will lead a broad coalition to roll back this terrorist threat," Obama's speech will say. "Our objective is clear: we will degrade, and ultimately destroy, ISIL through a comprehensive and sustained counter-terrorism strategy."
Experts told CNBC that this sort of decisive statement will be needed to assure allies on the ground that the U.S. is taking the ISIS threat seriously.
Read More It's decision time now for Obama on ISIS
"I want the American people to understand how this effort will be different from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. It will not involve American combat troops fighting on foreign soil," the president's speech excerpts said. "This counter-terrorism campaign will be waged through a steady, relentless effort to take out ISIL wherever they exist using our air power and our support for partner forces on the ground. This strategy of taking out terrorists who threaten us, while supporting partners on the front lines, is one that we have successfully pursued in Yemen and Somalia for years."
Migrants attempting to reach Europe by sailing across the Mediterranean should be turned back, British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has said.
In a press conference in Florence yesterday, Mr Johnson suggested that ships involved in Operation Sophia, which have been picking up migrants and ferrying them to Italy, should instead send them back to North Africa.
“I think personally they should be turned back as close to the shore as possible so they don't reach the Italian mainland and there's more of a deterrent effect,” they said.
Italy briefly tried the tactic, known as “push-back”, back in 2009 but it was forbidden by the European Court of Human Rights in 2012. However, the Foreign Secretary has now called for it to be tried again.
Speaking alongside their Italian counterpart Paolo Gentiloni, Mr Johnson also appeared confused as to how successful Operation Sophia had been.
“I think I am right in saying we have turned back about 200,000 migrants, or helped about 200,000 migrants, sorry, saved, saved — thank you, the ambassador corrects me — saved 200,000 migrants and turned back 240 boats, and I do think that is the right approach.”
A spokesperson for Operation Sophia later told The Times that it had picked up 26,117 migrants and captured 87 suspected people smugglers.
No boats had been turned back, the spokesperson added, claiming returning migrants to their place of origin would be against international law.
In total, around 128,000 migrants have been picked up in the Mediterranean and taken to Italy. This was through a combination of the efforts of Operation Sophia, EU border agency Frontex, the Italian coastguard and navy, and non-governmental organisations.
Breitbart London reported yesterday how the head of the UN Support Mission in Libya has warned there are 235,000 more migrants waiting in Libya for a chance to cross into Europe.
Martin Kobler said the country's instability was helping fuel the migrant exodus.
“Increased security is the most important issue at this time. If there is a strong and united army, not fragmented, the dangers of terrorism and human trafficking will end,” they said.
The X-Wing miniatures game is very, very good. If there's a complaint I have about it, though, it's that there isn't a campaign mode for more long-term play and...oh, wait, thanks to a very dedicated fan, now there is. Wonderful.
First released in 2015, and created by Josh Derksen, Heroes of the Aturi Cluster is a massive expansion for Fantasy Flight's X-Wing miniatures game that basically transforms the experience, replacing short adversarial skirmish battles with a lengthy RPG-like co-op campaign.
Derksen says it's “more than a fanmade campaign PDF- It's practically a boxed-boardgame full conversion for X-wing!”, and he's not wrong. Designed for up to 6 players (but playable solo), it pits a Rebel squad against an Imperial AI over a number of sequential missions while also adding a large colour campaign book, player scoresheets, a mission deck, an Imperial pilot deck, Imperial AI deck and new terrain, with stuff like minefields, a nebula and even a modular space station.
Advertisement
Being fan-made it's of course free, but perhaps the best part is that the art on everything is fantastic, matching perfectly with Fantasy Flight's style in the actual commercial game. The only catch, of course, is that it's not really free, since you need to head to professional printers to get all the books and cards and terrain printed up if, like me, you have gaming OCD and you need everything to match up in terms of quality with the official X-Wing stuff.
If you play X-Wing and want to try it out (remember, you can play solo, you don't need a crew), you can download the necessary image files and rulebooks here.
The Game of Thrones showrunners have revealed their next series, leaving Westeros to create another fantastical and ambitious world-building war drama.
HBO has given a straight-to-series order to Confederate from Emmy-winning GoT creators, writers, and producers David Benioff and Dan Weiss.
The show “chronicles the events leading to the Third American Civil War. The series takes place in an alternate timeline, where the southern states have successfully seceded from the Union, giving rise to a nation in which slavery remains legal and has evolved into a modern institution. The story follows a broad swath of characters on both sides of the Mason-Dixon Demilitarized Zone – freedom fighters, slave hunters, politicians, abolitionists, journalists, the executives of a slave-holding conglomerate and the families of people in their thrall.”
“We have discussed Confederate for years, originally as a concept for a feature film,” said Benioff and Weiss in a joint statement. “But our experience on Thrones has convinced us that no one provides a bigger, better storytelling canvas than HBO.”
To stay up to date on everything Game of Thrones, follow our all-encompassing Facebook page and sign up for our exclusive newsletter
Benioff and Weiss will serve as showrunners on Confederate. The series will also have executive producers Nichelle Tramble Spellman (Justified) and Malcolm Spellman (Empire). “There won't be dragons or White Walkers in this series, but we are creating a world, and we couldn't imagine better partners in world-building than Nichelle and Malcolm, who have impressed us for a long time with their wit, their imagination and their Scrabble-playing skills,” Benioff and Weiss added.
Also joining as executive producers will be Carolyn Strauss and Bernadette Caulfield from the GoT team.
Stated HBO Programming President Casey Bloys: “As the brilliant Game of Thrones winds down to its final season, we are thrilled to be able to continue our relationship with Dan and David, knowing that any subject they take on will result in a unique and ambitious series. Their intelligent, wry and visually stunning approach to storytelling has a way of engaging an audience and taking them on an unforgettable journey.”
The order comes as Benioff and Weiss ready to step back from the mammoth franchise of GoT, which is currently airing its penultimate season. HBO is developing four potential prequel series to replace the fantasy drama, which ranks as the network's biggest hit of all time.
Production on Confederate will begin following the final season of Game of Thrones, which currently doesn't have an air date (late 2018 and 2019 are both possible).
by
The optics surrounding the Barack Obama administration's “Enduring Strategic Partnership” agreement with Afghanistan and the Memorandums of Understanding accompanying it emphasise transition to Afghan responsibility and an end to U.S. war.
But the only substantive agreement reached between the U.S. and Afghanistan – well hidden in the agreements – has been to allow powerful U.S. Special Operations Forces (SOF) to continue to carry out the unilateral night raids on private homes that are universally hated in the Pashtun zones of Afghanistan.
The presentation of the new agreement on a surprise trip by President Obama to Afghanistan, with a prime time presidential address and repeated briefings for the press, allows Obama to go into a tight presidential election campaign on a platform of ending an unpopular U.S. war in Afghanistan.
It also allows President Hamid Karzai to claim they have gotten control over the SOF night raids while getting a 10-year commitment of U.S. economic support.
But the actual text of the agreement and of the Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on night raids included in it by reference will not end the U.S. war in Afghanistan, nor will they give Karzai control over night raids.
The Obama administration's success in obscuring those facts is the real story behind the ostensible story of the agreement.
Obama's decisions on how many U.S. troops will remain in Afghanistan in 2014 and beyond and what their mission will be will only be made in a “Bilateral Security Agreement” still to be negotiated. Although the senior officials did not provide any specific information about those negotiations in their briefings for news media, the Strategic Partnership text specifies that they are to begin the signing of the present agreement “with the goal of concluding within one year”.
That means Obama does not have to announce any decisions about stationing of U.S. forces in Afghanistan before the 2012 presidential election, allowing them to emphasise that they are getting out of Afghanistan and sidestep the question of a long-term commitment of troops in Afghanistan.
The Bilateral Security Agreement will supersede the 2003 “Status of Forces” agreement with Afghanistan, according to the text. That agreement gives U.S. troops in Afghanistan immunity from prosecution and imposes no limitations on U.S. forces in regard to military bases or operations.
Last month's Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on night raids was forced on the United States by Karzai's repeated threat to refuse to sign a partnership agreement unless the United States gave their government control over any raids on people's homes. Karzai's insistence on ending U.S. unilateral night raids and detention of Afghans had held up the agreement on Strategic Partnership for months.
But Karzai's demand put them in direct conflict with the interests of one of the most influential elements of the U.S. military: the SOF. Under Gen. Stanley A. McChrystal and Gen. David Petraeus, U.S. war strategy in Afghanistan came to depend heavily on the purported effectiveness of night raids carried out by SOF units in weakening the Taliban insurgency.
CENTCOM officials refused to go along with ending the night raids or giving the Afghan government control over them, as IPS reported last February.
The two sides tried for weeks to craft an agreement that Karzai could cite as meeting their demand but that would actually change very little.
In the end, however, it was Karzai who had to give in. What was done to disguise that fact represents a new level of ingenuity in misrepresenting the actual significance of an international agreement involving U.S. military operations.
The MOU was covered by cable news as a sea change in the conduct of military operations. CNN, for example, called it a “landmark deal” that “affords Afghan authorities an effective veto over controversial special operations raids.”
But a closer reading of the text of the MOU as well as comments on by U.S. military officials indicate that it represents little, if any, substantive change from the status quo.
The agreement was negotiated between the U.S. military command in Kabul and Afghan Ministry of Defence, and lawyers for the U.S. military introduced a key provision that fundamentally changed the significance of the rest of the text.
In the first paragraph under the definition of terms, the MOU says, “For the purpose of this Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), special operations are operations approved by the Afghan Operational Coordination Group (OCG) and conducted by Afghan Forces with support from U.S. Forces in accordance with Afghan laws.”
That carefully crafted sentence means that the only night raids covered by the MOU are those that the SOF commander responsible for U.S. night raids decides to bring to the Afghan government. Those raids carried out by U.S. units without consultation with the Afghan government fall outside the MOU.
Coverage of the MOU by major news media suggesting that the participation of U.S. SOF units would depend on the Afghan government simply ignored that provision in the text.
But Pentagon spokesperson John Kirby told reporters flatly Apr. 9 that Karzai would not have a veto over night raids. “It's not about the U.S. ceding responsibility to the Afghans,” they said.
Kirby would not comment on whether those SOF units which operated independently of Afghan units would be affected by the MOU, thus confirming by implication that they would not.
Kirby explained that the agreement had merely “codified” what had already been done since December 2011, which was that Afghan Special Forces were in the lead on most night raids. That meant that they would undertake searches within the compound.
The U.S. forces have continued, however, to capture or kill Afghans in those raids.
The disparity between the reality of the agreement and the optics created by administration press briefings recalls Obama's declarations in 2009 and 2010 on the withdrawal of U.S. combat troops from Iraq and an end to the U.S. war there, and the reality that combat units remained in Iraq and continued to fight long after the Sep. 1, 2010 deadline Obama they had set for withdrawal had passed.
Fifty-eight U.S. servicemen were killed in Iraq after that deadline in 2010 and 2011.
But there is a fundamental difference between the two exercises in shaping media coverage and public perceptions: the Iraq withdrawal agreement of 2008 made it politically difficult, if not impossible, for the Iraqi government to keep U.S. troops in Iraq beyond 2011.
In the case of Afghanistan, however, the agreements just signed impose no such constraints on the U.S. military. And although Obama is touting a policy of ending U.S. war in Afghanistan, the U.S. military and the Pentagon have public said they expect to maintain thousands of SOF troops in Afghanistan for many years after 2014.
Obama had hoped to lure the Taliban leadership into peace talks that would make it easier to sell the idea that they are getting out of Afghanistan while continuing the war. But the Taliban didn't cooperate.
Obama's Kabul speech could not threaten that U.S. SOF units will continue to hunt them down in their homes until they agree to make peace with Karzai. That would have given away the secret still hidden in the U.S.-Afghan “Enduring Strategic Partnership” agreement.
But Obama must assume that the Taliban understand what the U.S. public does not: U.S. night raids will continue well beyond 2014, despite the fact that they ensure enduring hatred of U.S. and NATO troops.
GARETH PORTER is an investigative historian and journalist specialising in U.S. national security policy. The paperback edition of their latest book, “Perils of Dominance: Imbalance of Power and the Road to War in Vietnam“, was published in 2006.
Getty Images
Detroit Lions fans should be bracing themselves for yet another potential rebuild.
Though there certainly may be room for optimism following an 11-5 season in 2014 and a playoff appearance in the first year of head coach Jim Caldwell's reign, the success they had may not be sustainable thanks to the poor job done by general manager Martin Mayhew in recent years.
Under Mayhew, who ascended to the role of GM in 2009 after the firing of Matt Millen, the Lions have gone 40-56 and have only been over .500 twice in their six years leading the franchise.
Although they were given a long leash following the depths to which the franchise had fallen under their predecessor (and rightfully so), the Lions are now on the second rebuild of their tenure. That means they are officially out of any benefit of the doubt.
He's been terrible.
Mayhew's best moves as a talent evaluator have been the no-brainers.
The Lions had been quarterback deficient for the better part of…well, forever, when Mayhew took over. Into their lap dropped Matthew Stafford, who may have been the most physically talented sure thing at the position since Peyton Manning.
Sarah Glenn/Getty Images
Fast forward a year to 2010, and the Lions could have drafted either Ndamukong Suh or Gerald McCoy. Either one would've been a fantastic pick for Detroit, and both have been among the best defenders in the league for their entire respective careers.
Even defensive end Ezekiel Ansah, drafted in 2013 at No. 5 overall, was an easy choice for a team that needed a pass-rusher and valued them highly thanks to then-head coach Jim Schwartz' cautious defensive scheme.
In reality, the only clear impact player the Lions have drafted and still have heading into 2015 who they likely might not have acquired without Mayhew is linebacker DeAndre Levy, who was a third-round pick in 2009 and has taken years to pan out before emerging as one of the league's better linebackers as of late.
In terms of drafting, a public poll may have done better than Mayhew, and it certainly couldn't have done much worse.
Mayhew's 2010 and 2011 Drafts Year Round Player Position Where Are They Now? 2010 1 Ndamukong Suh DT Signed with Miami Dolphins in 2015 2010 1 Jahvid Best RB Out of the league due to injury history well-known prior to draft 2010 3 Amari Spievey CB Moved to safety, eventually cut, out of league 2010 4 Jason Fox OT Re-signed with Miami Dolphins in 2015 2010 7 Willie Young DE Promising young player, now with Chicago Bears 2010 7 Tim Toone WR "Mr. Irrelevant"...only lasted a few years on Detroit's practice squad, out of League 2011 1 Nick Fairley DT Signed with St. Louis Rams in 2015 2011 2 Titus Young WR Out of league with character issues well-known prior to draft 2011 2 Mikel Leshoure RB Out of league 2011 5 Doug Hogue LB Out of league 2011 7 Johnny Culbreath OT Out of league
In all, the Lions have a whopping zero players on the team heading into next year that they acquired in the 2010 and 2011 drafts, causing even Mayhew to concede it was a terrible effort, via Josh Katzenstein of The Detroit News:
I think '11 wasn't a good draft for us. I didn't do a good job in '11. I think I was overly aggressive. I learned a lot from that, and our drafts have improved since then. … I'm just going to leave it at that. You can interpret it how you want to interpret it.
Mayhew and team president Tom Lewand have mismanaged the team to an incredible degree. Some of this, of course, is not their fault. The timing of the Lions' Millen-induced rock bottom coincided perfectly with the tipping point of escalating rookie salaries, and they got into all sorts of salary-cap problems due to the cap hits of Stafford, Suh and wide receiver Calvin Johnson.
Add to that the flat nature of the salary cap over the past couple of years before recent skyrocketing increases over the past year and expected into the future, and it's pretty clear the Lions have been a victim of circumstance as well.
But it's no excuse.
Both Mayhew and Lewand are out of excuses.
Gregory Shamus/Getty Images
The team did itself no favors with its cap situation, consistently putting off tough decisions by extending players like Suh until cap judgment day hit like a ton of bricks. Worse yet, those extensions consistently freed up cap money for literally no benefit to the team, as Detroit rarely used that money wisely.
It was Suh's contract extensions in 2012 and 2013 that pushed their cap hit so high in 2014 and made it virtually impossible to re-sign them (or franchise him) in 2015. The Lions turned that gold into lead by using a great deal of it to keep players like offensive tackle Jeff Backus around, as well as to acquire players no longer in Detroit like running back Reggie Bush, cornerback Chris Houston and kicker David Akers.
Perhaps that is cherry-picking a bit. Some of that money was also used to extend players like Levy and to acquire more valuable players like safety Glover Quin and linebacker Stephen Tulloch. But overall, what have the Lions really accomplished?
The extensions were meant to keep a core together, but that core hasn't done a darn thing.
At the same time, knowing that re-signing Suh would be a mathematical uncertainty (if not improbability), the Lions chose to decline picking up an option on defensive tackle Nick Fairley's contract in 2014.
This, along with the age of C.J. Mosley, left the Lions without any potential starting defensive tackles in 2015. In turn, that situation led to the costly trade for 31-year-old Haloti Ngata. As I explain here, that move cost the Lions not only draft picks but also a significant amount of the cap space freed up by Suh's departure.
To take this all one step further, it could be argued the Lions' plans over the past few seasons set up a choice between Suh and Johnson. Johnson, owed $12.5 million in 2015 and with massive dollar amounts between now and 2020, is being paid like the Lions' franchise cornerstone.
Ronald Martinez/Getty Images
However, it is Suh (not Johnson) who has consistently been the best and most impactful player for the Lions in recent seasons, and it is Suh (not Johnson) who is likely to produce more over the next half-decade.
Johnson, at 29, has reached the beginning of a likely decline at a position where (on average) receivers begin to drop in production between 29 and 31. Numerous studies have shown this, but this chart at ESPN gives a good visual aid. Suh, at 28, with less injury history and at a position with considerably more longevity, would've been the better bet over the next five to six years.
Instead, the Lions played hardball with the best defensive player in the league not named J.J. Watt and got burned.
One could argue it was Suh's attitude and temperament that forced the Lions' hand in this regard, but a culture of enabling both from former coaches and the franchise did nothing to quell Suh's penchant for toeing the NFL's lines.
Their departure has the potential to be a franchise-altering disaster.
The only real upside of the 2015 offseason so far is that the Lions will likely receive significant compensatory draft pick compensation next offseason thanks to the losses of Suh and Fairley. Yet those mid-round picks mean little when used by a general manager who hasn't hit on a single late-round pick still with the team other than punter Sam Martin.
All of this means the success or failure of Caldwell and their staff matters very little to the Lions' future, because the general manager deserves to be clearly on the hot seat. If Mayhew ends up out the door with a poor (or mediocre, or even static) season in 2015, a new general manager could end up wanting to make their own hire.
Owner Martha Ford, having recently taken over for their late husband, has high expectations, as laid out recently by Lewand, via Dave Birkett of the Detroit Free Press:
There was no ambiguity about the excellence (she expects), starting with winning the NFC North and then moving on to considerable playoff success, including a Super Bowl. So it is very clear that the main measuring stick is success on the field, more so than it is any business metric.
The Lions have never won the NFC North. Their last divisional win was in the old NFC Central in 1993. (Tight end Eric Ebron had just been born.) Their last playoff win was in 1991. (Stafford was likely potty training around that time.)
They haven't had anything resembling "considerable playoff success" since the 1950s and have never won a Super Bowl. Their last championship was in the pre-merger era in 1957—eight years before Mayhew was born.
Low expectations have been a hallmark of the franchise for far too long.
Lions fans are hoping that fact of life changes sooner rather than later, but Mayhew has failed to meet even the lowest of expectations for the better part of their tenure.
To succeed in 2015 and turn Mayhew's stars around—he is, notably, only 49 years old—the Lions need to hope in the continued maturation the of 27-year-old Stafford, who is entering the prime of their career. They took a huge leap under Caldwell and offensive coordinator Joe Lombardi in 2014 and will need to do so again to carry the Lions next season.
The Lions must also hope the rest of 2014's No. 3 scoring defense picks up the slack with the departures of Fairley and (especially) Suh. With even an average defense in 2015, the Lions are likely to slide back into the doldrums of the conference considering the always-tough nature of the NFC North.
Finally, the Lions need to hit not only a home run, but a couple of home runs in the upcoming draft. It won't be easy drafting 23rd overall and without a couple of their original picks, but it needs to happen. Another year of waiting for potential and low expectations could—and very well should—signal the end of Mayhew's career with the Lions and a total shift in the direction of the franchise.
The Lions have been one of the biggest laughing stocks in the league for almost their entire history. 2014 may have begun to turn the tide, and building on that success is both possible and crucial. If they don't, however, it's time to find people who can consistently meet the expectations Mayhew simply hasn't.
They never has, and if 2015 is a failure, it's likely they never will.
Michael Schottey is an award-winning NFL National Lead Writer for Bleacher Report and a writer for Football Insiders. Follow them on Twitter.
Donald Trump has announced that they will not release their tax returns before the presidential election. That controversial decision has elicited a challenge from fellow billionaire and Hillary Clinton supporter Warren Buffett, who's offered to hold a joint-forum in which the Oracle of Omaha and the developer-candidate both field questions on their filings from an audience of voters.
Given all the mystery and conflicting claims surrounding Trump's reluctance to comply with what's standard practice for presidential candidates, it's instructive to review the main features of the Trump tax controversy. Here are the big questions and Fortune's answers, largely drawn from our coverage of Trump's finances over the past several months.
Is It Unusual for a Presidential Candidate to Not Release Personal Tax Returns?
Absolutely. Every major party candidate since Richard Nixon in 1972 has made their returns public before election day. Only one truly competitive candidate refused, and that was billionaire Ross Perot, who won 19% of the vote as an independent in 1992. In most cases, candidates make their filings public around tax time in April, before their conventions and several months prior to the election. The only Republican or Democratic candidate to release after the convention was Mitt Romney in 2012. The delay allowed opponents to wrongly claim that Romney paid no taxes, and the candidate paid dearly for the delay. Trump recently stated that Romney suffered even more by releasing them, and “might have lost the election” because of the way Democrats distorted the details they disclosed.
“If you remember Harry Reid lied about it, they told a dirty lie,” Trump said on Fox News last month. “And Mitt gave that and after they gave it, they found a little sentence and they made such a big deal. They might have lost the election over that.”
So far, Trump's supporters seem unfazed by their refusal to follow longstanding tradition, but Hillary Clinton is exploiting the issue, claiming that Trump may be concealing that they donate nothing to charity and may be concealing questionable financial dealings.
What's Trump's Reason for Refusing to Follow Longstanding Practice?
Ever since the Republican debates, Trump has stated that several years of their returns are under an IRS audit, and that they won't release them until the audit is completed. In late July, their campaign said definitively that Trump will not make their filings public before the election, once again citing the audit, which the Trump campaign expects to extend beyond November 8. Trump, however, also pledged to make their returns public if he's elected president, following the conclusion of the audit.
What Has Trump Said About Their Taxes, and What Are They Likely to Reveal?
In a television interview in May, Trump told ABC's George Stephanopoulos that their tax rate is “None of your business,” and “I fight very hard to pay as little tax as possible.” That statement led to widespread speculation that Trump pays little or no personal income tax.
If and when they're released, Trump's returns would provide at least two crucial pieces of information:
First, how much money do they donate to charity? Charitable giving is traditionally considered a great point of pride—and a civic responsibility—by presidential candidates. The perception that Trump is uniquely ungenerous could unsettle voters.
Second, we'd learn how big a check, if any, Trump writes each year to the U.S. Treasury. Most voters don't expect to receive protection from the military for free, or demand that others to pay for the Department of Education, Medicare transfers to the states, and all other federally-funded programs. If Trump pays little or no tax, the tens of millions who pay income taxes are effectively paying theirs way.
Read Also: Voters Really Want to See Donald Trump's Tax Returns
How Can Someone Who Claims To Be Worth $10 Billion Pay Little Or No Tax?
Trump's returns won't tell us how rich they are, for a basic reason: They won't show their total revenue, or the amount of cash they put in their pocket every year. They'll show their taxable income, calculated after all deductions, some expenses paid in cash, others “accrual items” that offset other income.
In fact, Trump may have properties in what's known as C-corporations that file 1120 forms with the IRS. A C-corp pays tax on its profits, just like IBM or GM, but the earnings wouldn't flow to Trump's personal return unless they pay them dividends. Otherwise, they'd remain as retained earnings in the C-corp. The earnings on buildings or golf courses held in C-corps wouldn't even show up on Trump's 1040, the return that he, and all U.S. taxpayers, are obligated to file.
We don't know for sure that Trump's tax bill is minuscule, though that's what their public statements imply. Real estate developers have plenty of ways to avoid taxes, via totally legitimate deductions not available to folks who labor for a company.
That said, Trump must have enormous deductions to erase the pre-tax income that Fortune estimates they earn, not to mention the gigantic numbers the tycoon is claiming. From our analysis of their publicly released balance sheet and filings with the Federal Election Commission, it appears that Trump's income from rents, royalties, condo sales and the like is at most $160 million.
In a conversation with this writer, Trump stated that Fortune was wildly underestimating the true number, and this is been “about four times that amount,” or over $600 million.
Let's assume for now that the number is really around $160 million, and once again, that's an optimistic estimate. Trump's biggest deductions would be interest expense on their approximately $1 billion in total debt, and depreciation on their investment in buildings and golf courses. Fortune already deducted the estimated interest expense to arrive at the $160 million. It's also been widely reported that Trump has invested many hundreds of millions of dollars in their approximately one-dozen golf courses. It's possible that their depreciation on the golf courses far exceed their income—not unusual in the industry—by a number so big that it also offsets their income from big rental properties such as 40 Wall Street and their 30% holding in the Bank of America complex in San Francisco, in partnership with Vornado Realty Trust (vno).
Beyond the Returns: What Voters Need to Know
Experts say that for the business owners, tax abuse comes in the form of living off their business. It's highly tempting for ultra-wealthy entrepreneurs who own real estate or other companies to charge their expenses for personal residences, vacation trips, parties, golf fees and sundry extras to their corporations and partnerships. The law requires that the moguls either reimburse a venture they own for payments for any services or properties they use personally, or report those perks as personal income—and pay tax on them.
If an entrepreneur charges a $1 million personal expense to a C-corp, it would lower the C-corp's taxable income by that amount, and deprive the Treasury of $300,000 that the business person should have paid by reporting the perk as personal income. So the rest of us are effectively paying $300,000 to support our government that the tycoon is skirting, money that's going to subsidize a gilded lifestyle.
Nominees for ambassadorships and cabinet positions are grilled during background checks by IRS agents to ensure that they're not disguising personal expenses as tax-deductible business costs. But presidential candidates don't get the same scrutiny. And they should.
There's no evidence that Trump is charging any of the almost 100 businesses listed in their filing with the Federal Election Commission for personal expenses. Still, he's a highly unusual candidate in that they own multiple residences, including a vacation home at Mar-a-Lago, a Boeing 757-200 that they use for business and pleasure, and around a dozen golf courses in the U.S. and Europe. In 1989, Leona Helmsley, a fellow Manhattan real estate billionaire, went to jail for billing renovations on their weekend home to their company, and failing to pay taxes on the benefits.
Even if Trump were to release their tax returns, they wouldn't address the personal vs. business expense issue. Hence, voters who value full disclosure would like to see not just their returns, but lots of additional information demonstrating that the two categories are kept scrupulously separate. Given their immense wealth, Trump should be providing a lot more information than previous candidates, not less.
Trump has often stated that their returns are “all very beautiful,” as if written by monks in gold leaf. It's highly possible that Trump is scrupulously honest in matters of taxes, a beauty that could be revealed if they lift the veil. But he's apparently betting voters to remain curiously uncurious. The question is: Why are they making that bet at all?
Total Non-Stop Action (TNA) Wrestling announced today that, as part of its ongoing cost-cutting measures, the promotion has relocated its headquarters to the backyard of a suburban home just outside Nashville.
TNA President Dixie Carter said the move is a “positive step” that will “make TNA viewers feel even closer to the action, especially if they live within walking distance.”
More from Kayfabe News
From now on, TNA's flagship program, IMPACT Wrestling, will be broadcast live from the backyard of John and Rachel Quinn, whose 17-year-old son Jacob, TNA's self-professed “biggest fan,” offered the property as the company's new home-base.
The move was made after a previous cost-cutting solution — downsizing to a three-sided ring — proved “geometrically challenging,” according to the company.
In a press release issued this morning, TNA stated that “fans will get the same high-quality action as always, unless there's a rainstorm or the neighbors make a noise complaint.”
The relocation will establish TNA as the third-largest backyard wrestling promotion in America, just behind Backyard Wrestling Insanity (BWI) of Buffalo, and Trampoline Pro Wrestling (TPW) of Fargo.
A West Virginia man is in custody after authorities say their wife made a desperate escape to a family crisis center after suffering a decade of abuse that included torture and being locked in chains.
A criminal complaint says the 43-year-old victim was burned on their back and breasts with irons and frying pans, and their foot was smashed under farm equipment. They also allegedly delivered a stillborn child while in chains. They also gave birth to another infant who survived.
Peter Lizon, 37, of Leroy was arrested and held in the South Central Regional Jail on $300,000 bond Wednesday. He's set to appear on a malicious wounding charge Friday in Jackson County Magistrate Court.
On June 18, while the wife, suspect and their infant were returning a rented farming machine and they walked away from the family, the criminal complaint said. They sought refuge in a nearby zomba dance facility and hid from their husband, before seeking transportation to a family crisis center, the complaint said.
Police described the crisis center as a refuge for battered women, among other uses.
Much of the criminal complaint is based on an alleged conversation their wife had with a certified nursing assistant while the two were at the crisis center in the town of Parkersburg. The two allegedly spent the entire night talking about the wife's life of torment.
Lizon's lawyer, Shawn Bayless, said their client denies all the allegations and called facts in the criminal complaint a result of a “fertile imagination.”
“She's never sought a protective order and she's always been by their side,” Bayless said, talking about Lizon's wife. “The entire criminal complaint started with a small nugget of information and turned into a giant tree of untruth.”
The nursing assistant said they noticed severe burns on the woman's back and breasts and bruising all over their body, according to the criminal complaint. The injuries they observed sickened her, the complaint said.
The alleged victim told them about their husband, Lizon, who was originally from the former Czechoslovakia, and how they locked them in chains and metal padlocks for about 10 years, the complaint said. The wife allegedly told the woman that they had scar tissue as a result of the bondage chains.
They spoke about being treated as a slave and how every time their husband would enter a room, they would have to kneel in front of him, the complaint said, at which point they would stomp on their feet.
Upon learning about the conversation, authorities obtained a search warrant and were able to take 45 color images of injuries to the woman, the complaint said.
Many pictures mentioned in the complaint appear to support the nursing assistant's memory of bruises on the woman's body.
Tony J. Boggs, Jackson County's chief deputy sheriff office, told FoxNews.com that Lizon was arrested without incident on July 5. Boggs said the case may be challenging because the information was provided by an independent witness and not the alleged victim.
Still, in an earlier interview, they described the injuries as “much more than just getting pushed up against the wall. She's been abused almost to the point of slavery and torture.”
When asked about the pictures of injuries to the woman's back, Bayless, their attorney, said pictures are not indicative of how the injuries occurred.
(Please Note: We take NO credit for this story. All information is from here!
Advertisements
One of Canada's largest Internet providers appears to be planning a move toward a metered pricing model for Web access, a move that has drawn swift condemnation from critics of so-called usage-based billing practices.
During a conference call with shareholders on April 13, executives with Calgary's Shaw Communications Inc. alluded to plans to implement a usage-based billing (UBB) regime on its Internet customers as early as this summer.
Until recently, Shaw had managed to largely avoid the UBB firestorm that erupted earlier this year following the CRTC's Jan. 25 ruling that effectively allowed larger Canadian Internet service providers (ISPs) such as BCE Inc.'s Bell Canada to impose the same bandwidth caps and overage fees on the third-party ISPs that lease network space from them, as they do on their own retail customers.
In February, Shaw announced plans to hold a series of public consultation meetings with its customers before going ahead with any kind of usage-based billing.
However, it now appears after meeting with its users, Shaw appears set to go ahead and implement some form of UBB on its retail customers.
“We are of the mind that we still have a tremendous upside in terms of pricing power on our Internet services and through the course of our consultations with our customers, I think what we've seen from that is a recognition that the principle of ‘if you use more, you should pay more' holds true,” Shaw chief executive Bradley Shaw is quoted as saying in a transcript of the call from April 13.
“But we believe as we work our way through some of the feedback we received from them that there really is a win-win for our shareholders [as all of] their customers in the way we offer our tiers of Internet services.”
Mr. Shaw said the company would have more to say about its new pricing and packaging plans in the “late spring, probably May, early June.”
“People have said to us, let's not divide the Internet product today,” Mr. Shaw said. “Let's figure out how to create a world-class Internet experience and then we can figure out how to do pricing and packaging from there. So, we think it would be reasonable to get further clarity before we're going to go back and talk to some more customers about it. You'll probably read about it on the social media like you seem to be reading about all the stuff, which is great and probably have more formal announcements end of May or early June.”
Critics of UBB are slamming Shaw's decision to go ahead with plans to implement new pricing schemes. OpenMedia.ca — the populist organization that launched the Stop The Meter protest campaign, which garnered nearly half a million online supporters — accused Shaw's executives of using “skewed language” and misrepresenting the views of its customers by claiming users would be happy with UBB.
“Shaw expects Canadians to forget the outcry surrounding usage-based billing,” OpenMedia founder Steve Anderson said in a statement.
“This display of hubris is insulting not only to those who attended the consultations, but also to the half a million citizens who added their names to the Stop The Meter petition.”
The CRTC's January ruling on so-called UBB enabled Canada's largest Internet providers to impose the same bandwidth caps and overage fees on their wholesale customers as they currently employ with their own retail customers.
In late March, Bell backed down and pulled its initial application to the CRTC, instead putting forth a proposal for a new pricing model known as “aggregated volume pricing.”
Under a new proposal submitted to the CRTC, Bell would charge third-party ISPs for the total amount of data they use, and do away with overage charges for individual users on those networks. The move puts more power back into the hands of the wholesale ISPs, which can then tailor their pricing structures accordingly, according to Bell.
Some of Canada's largest ISPs have argued the caps and overage fees are necessary to fund future network upgrades and innovation, while critics of the initial ruling claim it is anti-competitive and essentially forces smaller ISPs to offer the same services as their larger competitors.
Shaw's president, Peter Bissonnette, said in an interview the company is still going through customer feedback and hasn't made any specific decisions regarding usage-based pricing structures.
They said while Shaw believes most customers agree users who consume more bandwidth should pay more, they also said the company is carefully examining what the thresholds should be that determine when a user must begin paying overage fees. “There is an economic side to this,” they said.
“We want customers to want our service, so we're not doing this to upset people, we're doing this to attract customers to our service because they will see the value in the service.”
mhartley@nationalpost.com
Editor's note: Roland C. Warren is the president of the National Fatherhood Initiative, a nonprofit organization that works to engage fathers in the lives of their children.
(CNN) -- The performance of America's public schools is embarrassing. That is the message of the compelling documentary "Waiting for 'Superman.' "
The film's title is intended to be a metaphor: America's schoolchildren wait for a savior to come and fix a system that prevents kids from achieving their potential, in the same way people would wait for Superman to arrive at the last minute to save a runaway school bus about to plunge off a bridge.
However, being as focused on responsible fatherhood as I am, I want to stretch the metaphor a bit further.
As you may recall, the "real" Superman was born on the planet Krypton. Just before their home planet is destroyed, Superman's father places them in a rocket and sends them off as the planet's last survivor. The rocket lands on Earth, where the little boy is found by a Kansas farmer and their wife, who raise them as Clark Kent. They discover that as a Kryptonian, they have evolved powers while on Earth. They decide to use these powers to help people, fight crime and make the world a better place.
It's no secret that in America today, many families live in neighborhoods that are being ravaged daily by crime, poverty and drugs. In their desperation, parents place their children in a "rocket" called the public school system, which is supposed to lift children out of hopeless situations to a better future.
They are hopeful that when the rocket lands, a Superman will emerge who can get into college, start a career and make the world a better place.
Unfortunately, this rarely goes as planned. Instead, in too many communities, parents are sending children into dropout factories that do a miserable job of educating students, let alone preparing them for college and a career.
The film makes a persuasive case for how to fix the system, and it needs fixing. But the system is only part of the equation. Parents are the other part, and from that perspective, parents, especially dads, should not be waiting, but getting more engaged, focused and involved.
Of the five families portrayed in "Waiting for 'Superman,'" the father appears to be living in the home in three of them. And only one of those dads says a word on camera throughout the film. Their daughter, Daisy, incidentally, seems to be the most ambitious and least troubled of the group.
All of the other family interviews are with moms and grandmothers. Dad is in the background. Education is apparently mom's territory. In one scene, a mom is shown trying to help them three young children do their homework. Where is the father? Another mom is struggling to keep their apartment and pay parochial school tuition. Where is the father?
As many as eight in 10 children in many of our nation's most disadvantaged neighborhoods live in father-absent homes. Study after study confirms children from father-absent homes are twice as likely to drop out of school, twice as likely to repeat a grade, less likely to enjoy school, less likely to be read to on a daily basis, less likely to get A's and more likely to misbehave in school.
While the public school system sorts itself out, it seems there are a few things that have to happen at home as well to ensure the success of our students.
Parents must be more engaged in their children's education, and it takes two. Moms and dads have to read to their children, help them with homework, keep books in the house, talk to them about school and take them to libraries and museums.
Fathers specifically must be more involved in their children's academic lives, because they play an irreplaceable role that no program or system can replace. For example, recent studies show that children enjoy reading more when both parents read to them.
Dads must get more involved by joining their local PTA, regularly volunteering at their child's school and taking part in parent-teacher conferences. For these things to happen, the schools and their supporting organizations must become more father-friendly; they have to change their cultures to make dads feel welcomed and wanted.
Finally, more father involvement means more support for moms, which enables them to invest more in their children. When a father is around, everyone wins.
In the most emotionally wrenching sequence of "Waiting for 'Superman'," we see the five families attending the lotteries that will determine whether their children will attend a high-quality charter school instead of the underperforming public school in their neighborhood. Four of the five students are not selected. It is heartbreaking to watch their reactions.
Unfortunately, there will always be too few spots in good charter schools for most children to have a chance to attend. That is why all schools must perform.
That said, there should never be too few dads to help their kids do well in school; every child comes with one.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland C. Warren.
Remember the song "Safe and Sound" by Capital Cities? It was a big hit a few years back and still holds up today. When that jam comes on the radio, I immediately put the volume to eleven and rock out. And if I end up landing any player on the list below in my fantasy drafts, I'm going to rejoice the same way. All of these guys present the safest options in their respective rounds (ADP data taken from FantasyPros.com). I know, maybe you don't want to reach for a quarterback or tight end as early as Tom Brady or Travis Kelce are going. But they're going so early for a reason because they're consistent and safe fantasy producers to anchor your squad with. It's worth noting that this list only goes to Round 9 because after that, playing it safe is a fool's game. So if my list of the riskiest players to draft got you down, let this list of the safest players lift you up. Let's do this.
Go ahead and let me have it on Twitter @MattFranchise if you disagree. Chances are that I will promptly block you, but at least I know you're paying attention, so thanks for that.
Round 1: Odell Beckham Jr., WR, New York Giants - You already know Odell Beckham Jr. is a first-round pick in fantasy football. There's virtually zero concern about their production level, their otherworldly athleticism that allows for inhuman plays and their ability to do big things after the catch. A little statistical evidence for good measure: Beckham is just one of three players in NFL history to begin their career with three straight seasons of 1,000-plus receiving yards and 10-plus receiving touchdowns. They have finished as fantasy's WR4, WR5 and WR5 in each of the last three seasons and has a career average of 14.7 standard fantasy points per game. The Giants added veteran star Brandon Marshall to the mix which is nothing but a positive for Beckham's outlook. Marshall should draw some coverage away from Beckham, although they managed the third-highest success rate versus double coverage (67.7%) last season per Matt Harmon's Reception Perception findings. The pair owns the highest combined career receiving yards per game (168.1) of any duo with at least 75 games played entering a season. Safety first, indeed.
Round 2: Jordy Nelson, WR, Green Bay Packers - Jordy Nelson started slow last year, coming off an ACL tear in the 2015 preseason. But don't let the slow start deter you; they finished with 14 touchdowns, over 1,200 yards and was fantasy's WR2 by season's end. Having Aaron Rodgers as their quarterback helps in the safest pick discussion, too. In their last four fully-healthy seasons, Rodgers has averaged an impressive 37 touchdown passes per year. Nelson was out all of 2015, but their production with Rodgers when healthy is absolutely staggering, as my pal Alex Gelhar recently pointed out: Nelson has averaged 88 receptions, 1,346 yards and 14 touchdowns per season in the tandem's last three full seasons together. And in the red zone Nelson led all NFL receivers with 31 targets last season, 15 of which were inside the 10-yard line. The next closest wideout was their teammate, Davante Adams, who had 23 red zone looks. Safe to say, you shouldn't have to think twice about selecting Nelson if they fall to you in Round 2.
Round 3: Tom Brady, QB, New England Patriots - Alright, first things first. Tom Brady is the GOAT (so I've heard). So he's a safe pick for that reason, obviously. I understand the strategy of waiting to draft a quarterback and personally employ it often. But there are situations where it makes sense to target Brady here, and if you do land them there is absolutely no reason to worry. Don't look at their 2016 season totals, because they're skewed by the four games they missed starting the year with a suspension. They threw 28 touchdown passes in 12 games last year which put them on pace for 37 in 16 games, that would have been their highest total since 2011 (39). Now factor in that LeGarrette Blount is out, meaning potentially more pass attempts near the end zone. Toss in a healthy Rob Gronkowski, an added speedster in Brandin Cooks and the return of Julian Edelman and a slew of other talented receivers and receiving backs, and Brady is poised for greatness once again. Just to pad the stats a bit, per NextGenStats, Brady ranked in the top five among quarterbacks last year in passer rating on deep passes (an attempt of 20-plus air yards). On throws of that nature, Brady went 18-for-47 with a six-to-one touchdown-to-interception ratio and a 116.8 passer rating. You can see how the addition of a guy like Brandin Cooks would be beneficial to Brady's fantasy outlook. Did I mention he's the GOAT?
Round 4: Travis Kelce, TE, Kansas City Chiefs - Last year Travis Kelce was the TE1 in fantasy football, and in my humble opinion, they have yet to reach their full potential. They had a streak of four consecutive 100-yard games and six total on their way to over 1,100 yards receiving for the season and added four touchdowns. Chatter from coach Andy Reid this summer about the team getting Kelce more involved as a "wide receiver" makes their ceiling even higher as we look ahead. And considering Kansas City is entering the season with the undersized Tyreek Hill as their No. 1 receiver, it makes Kelce's big-bodied presence on the field that much more valuable. The target share, potential for more touchdowns and their league-leading ability to break tackles (Kelce led all tight ends in average yards after catch last year per ProFootballFocus) plus the fact that you don't have to pay the Gronk-price for him, it makes sense why Kelce might be the safest and best tight end pick in fantasy.
Round 5: Keenan Allen, WR, Los Angeles Chargers - Before you balk at Keenan Allen's inclusion this "safe" list, consider that their injuries the last few seasons have been more bad luck than, for lack of a better term, injury-proneness. In 2015 they missed the second half of the year with a freak kidney injury. Last year they suffered a non-contact ACL tear in Week 1, ending their season. That was horrible, but on the bright side, it gave them more time to recover for this year. Now, he's fully back and has allegedly been "abusing" secondaries in camp practice sessions. They recently turned in their best practice session of the summer per the Chargers' official site and has apparently found their groove. With 148 catches for 1,829 yards and 12 touchdowns in their first two seasons (29 games), Allen is the true No. 1 wideout that Philip Rivers has been waiting for. In fact, Rivers is a much better quarterback when Allen is healthy. Since 2015, Rivers sports a 101.6 passer rating with Allen (333 passing yards per game). Without Allen, Rivers owns a 86.3 passer rating (269 pass yards per game) in that same span. The fact that you can get them in Round 5 is lunacy but makes Allen that much safer considering you'll have already insulated your receiving corps by that point.
Round 6: Julian Edelman, WR, New England Patriots - I've already gushed about Tom Brady, so why not talk up their BFF, Julian Edelman? He's about as safe as they come in terms of consistent week-to-week production. In fact, Edelman has racked up 70-plus receiving yards in each of their last 11 games in 2016, the longest active streak in the NFL. Over the last four seasons, Edelman has averaged 9.67 targets per game and while he's beginning to age and does have some injury concerns, it's a good sign that they were on the field all 16 games last year. They recorded 159 targets, ranking them third in the league behind Mike Evans and Beckham. And while they won't necessarily be a huge touchdown guy -- their career-high is seven in 2015 -- the consistently high volume will be difficult to pass over in Round 6 come draft day.
Round 7: Larry Fitzgerald, WR, Arizona Cardinals - Ageless wonder Larry Fitzgerald is shaping up to be the absolute safest pick among middle-round wideouts in fantasy this year. Sure, he'll be 34-years-old when the season starts, but don't let that deter you. The dude led the entire NFL with 107 receptions last year, so he's still got what it takes to be a wide receiver workhorse. He's compiled 145 and 150 targets in each of the last two seasons and 100-plus catches in each. With nothing but negatives out of Arizona in terms of the wide receiver corps over the last few weeks, Fitzgerald has remained a source of positivity. John Brown is reportedly still dealing with injuries hindered by their sickle cell trait, and coach Bruce Arians has made some alarming comments about the rest of the pass-catchers. You might be wondering about Carson Palmer's mediocre performance last year. Well, the team put them on a different regimen this offseason to keep their arm fresh. They wore it out in 2016 and it showed. Even still, the Cardinals' offense ran through Fitzgerald (and David Johnson) and the way things are going this summer, it doesn't sound like that's going to change in 2017.
Round 8: Ameer Abdullah, RB, Detroit Lions - I know you're going to think I'm nuts for labeling Ameer Abdullah "safe" but he's a guy I'm targeting in every draft for a few reasons. Yes, they missed nearly all last season with a foot injury. Yes, they had ball security issues as a rookie. But he's 100 percent healthy heading into 2017, and if Detroit was worried about either of the asupervisorstioned red flags, they would have gone after a running back in the draft or free agency in the offseason. They did not. Abdullah is plugged in as the team's primary back, and it was evident that the Lions want them involved in the offense early and often as they received the first two touches of their first preseason contest. They made a defender miss in one-on-one coverage and gained 14 yards for a first down up the sideline. It was clear from that one play that Abdullah is back. The injury-prone tag isn't fair; they played all 16 games as a rookie and led the team in rushing. They were even dubbed the second-most important player on the team by Lions' beat reporters, after Matthew Stafford. Enhancing their safe-pick status is the fact that you can get them in Round 8, making them nothing more than a flex running back for minimal risk, who could pay huge dividends.
Round 9: Jamison Crowder, WR, Washington Redskins - The Washington Redskins lost two key wideouts in free agency this past offseason, leaving the window of opportunity wide open for third-year receiver Jamison Crowder. You've likely seen the Terrelle Pryor hype train rolling by at some point this summer, and he's a talented, big-bodied, tremendous athlete. But Crowder, a much smaller player who's played mostly in the slot in three-wide sets their first two seasons, has been upgraded to the team's No. 2 role opposite Pryor. Even in such a limited slot role last year, Crowder saw 99 targets and scored seven times. That number should take a huge jump up with the departures of Pierre Garcon and DeSean Jackson who left 214 targets up for grabs. Reports from Washington beat writers note that Crowder has beaten Josh Norman in coverage during practice, looks like Kirk Cousins' first option on passing downs, is dangerous near the end zone and meshes well with their quarterback's quick-fire approach from the pocket. Washington was one of the most pass-happy offenses in the NFL last year which should continue, making Crowder that much safer given their asking price.
NFL Fantasy season is here! Get in on the fun and join or create a league for FREE.
-- Follow Matt on Twitter @MattFranchise, on Instagram @mattfranchise and like their page on Facebook
Former President Jimmy Carter said Wednesday that unchecked political contributions are "legal bribery of candidates" and denounced a U.S. Supreme Court ruling that made possible unlimited spending by outside groups, including corporations and labor unions.
"It's accepted fact," Carter said during a speech in Atlanta. "It's legal bribery of candidates. And that repayment may be in the form of an ambassadorship to someone who has raised three or four hundred thousand dollars to help a candidate get elected."
Carter spoke at a forum where an agency of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe released its report on last year's U.S. election. The U.S. government invited the European agency to observe the process.
They said the U.S. Supreme Court made a "very stupid" decision by removing limits on independent campaign spending by businesses and labor unions, which the court found was a constitutionally protected form of political speech. The Democrat said that they and their Republican opponents used public financing to run their general election campaigns in 1976 and 1980.
Carter more generally criticized the amount of private contributions flowing into political campaigns.
"I would say that it's almost impossible for a candidate, like I was back in those early days or others even, to be considered seriously as a candidate to represent the Democratic or Republican parties as nominee if you can't raise $100 million or $200 million from contributors, many of whom know that they are making an investment in how they are going to be treated by the winner after the election is over," Carter said.
Carter said that while elections in the United States once set an example for the world, the country's reputation diminished in 2000 when the U.S. Supreme Court intervened in a Florida vote recount, effectively deciding the election in favor of Republican George W. Bush. They also criticized GOP-led state legislatures for changing polling hours in ways that Carter said were meant to frustrate likely Democratic voters.
The OSCE report found that:
— The 2012 election was administered professionally and the public generally viewed the outcome as legitimate;
— Voter identification rules vary across the states and have become politicized;
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
— Political spending by outside groups can be exempt from disclosure requirements, raising transparency concerns;
— Rules on vote recounts vary widely and are not always clearly defined, which could result in complaints.
Anti-Wall Street protesters camp out at Los Angeles City Hall
By Kevin Martinez
5 October 2011
An anti-Wall Street encampment outside Los Angeles City Hall has been underway for several days, inspired by the Occupy Wall Street protests in New York.
Dozens of tents are assembled, including a first-aid tent, a library and a kitchen. A crowd of a few dozen people was holding a general assembly Tuesday afternoon.
Anti-Wall Street encampment in LA
Banners and posters read, “We Are the 99 Percent,” referring to the fact that the vast majority of the world's population is politically and economically disenfranchised. The World Socialist Web Site spoke with several of the protesters.
David is a photojournalist and a student attending Pasadena City College (PCC), a public community college. “I feel like a customer, not a student,” they said. “At PCC, it's $25 a unit for now and it might go up to $60 a unit. It really bothers me that a lot of colleges are thoroughly exploiting people. I get the student fees waived and that's it, I have to pay for everything else. I'm a dishwasher. I feel like cheap labor. I work with a lot of undocumented workers.”
Shelby
Shelby, a designer, said, “I'm tired of seeing my brothers and sisters suffering. I believe our democratic system has been undermined for decades. It's not the United States of America, it's the United States of the Corporations. And the corporations control the White House. Our votes mean nothing.”
When asked their opinion of President Obama, they replied, “I voted for Obama. I'm still hopeful, but they sold out on a lot of issues. They said they were going to take us out of the war and they didn't.”
They then spoke of the social crisis facing millions in southern California. “People are living in their cars. People are retired, but are coming out of retirement to support their adult children. It's not right, not when we're spending money on the war machine.”
Shelby added, “I'm not a socialist, but I believe in democracy.”
Banners at the protest
Abe is a freelance journalist who graduated from UC Irvine last year. They told the WSWS, “I have some friends who are participating in this. I freelance for hyperallergic.com, an arts blog. Its tagline is “art for discontents.” We deal with radical politics and ideas. I came to get a perspective on how the arts can be a huge contribution to this movement.
“I have some student loans but I don't have it as bad as some other people. As for the future, it's not looking so good. The universities are basically being run like a business. The UC Regents is essentially a board of directors.
“Money is passing hands in very transparent ways. Last year there was a protest in March. There was a crackdown on organizers because some students tried to occupy an administration building. The administration in conjunction with the UC Irvine police department and, I'd imagine, Homeland Security filed criminal charges against 19 students. They're being called the “UC 19.” This is coming right after the “UC 11” (Muslim students who were arrested for protesting a speech by the visiting Israeli ambassador to the US).
“The political climate in Orange County is pretty bad, but it shouldn't discourage students or anyone wanting to protest. If anything, we should learn from what happened and support those who are being charged.”
My Grandma was 100 yesterday (3rd Jan 2013), they suffer with dementia and isn't really aware of who I am, or who anyone is really. There are wee glimmers of a previous Granny sometimes, but they are fleeting.
My Granddad looked after my Grandma until they were 95, when they were eventually too much for him, and they were resettled in a care home.
After my Dad died, I vowed to get to know more about my Grandparents, and after my Grandma moved, I sat with Granddad North and talked all about their early years together.
A beautiful insight into my Granddad's early life, a first date in Scarborough with Grandma…
If you still have your gramps around, go talk to them, not just about today, the weather and the usual tripe, really talk to em. Because on days like yesterday, I genuinely find myself grateful to look upon my Granny not as a 100 year old, but as a wee girl holding hands with my Granddad, strolling along the beach, wondering what life they had ahead of them.
And here I am decade up on decade later, grateful for that wee stroll that flowered love, that gave me my father, and now my own child.
Town in South Carolina, United States
North is a town in Orangeburg County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 754 at the 2010 census.
In 1891 the SouthBound Railway Company came through the area with the assistance of John F. North. In 1892 John North, along with George W. Pou and Sampson A. Livingston, donated 100 acres for the railway depot and townsite. A US Post Office was established. The next year John North, a Confederate veteran and business person, was elected the first mayor of their namesake town of North, South Carolina.[3][4] North, South Carolina, has been noted for its unusual place name.[5]
Geography [ edit ]
North is located at (33.615983, -81.103588).[6]
According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 0.9 square miles (2.3 km2), all land.
Demographics [ edit ]
Historical population Census Pop. %± 1900 368 — 1910 561 52.4% 1920 700 24.8% 1930 755 7.9% 1940 733 −2.9% 1950 954 30.2% 1960 1,047 9.7% 1970 1,076 2.8% 1980 1,304 21.2% 1990 809 −38.0% 2000 813 0.5% 2010 754 −7.3% Est. 2016 732 [7] −2.9% U.S. Decennial Census[8]
As of the census[1] of 2000, there were 813 people, 356 households, and 223 families residing in the town. The population density was 953.7 people per square mile (369.3/km²). There were 412 housing units at an average density of 483.3 per square mile (187.1/km²). The racial makeup of the town was 52.64% White, 46.37% African American, 0.37% Native American, and 0.62% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.86% of the population.
Photo of sign welcoming visitors to North, SC
There were 356 households out of which 25.3% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 38.5% were married couples living together, 19.7% had a female householder with no husband present, and 37.1% were non-families. 34.6% of all households were made up of individuals and 18.8% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.28 and the average family size was 2.94.
In the town, the population was spread out with 23.5% under the age of 18, 9.7% from 18 to 24, 23.1% from 25 to 44, 25.3% from 45 to 64, and 18.3% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 40 years. For every 100 females, there were 80.7 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 74.7 males.
The median income for a household in the town was $21,136, and the median income for a family was $30,750. Males had a median income of $24,286 versus $21,406 for females. The per capita income for the town was $14,237. About 27.5% of families and 30.5% of the population were below the poverty line, including 39.3% of those under age 18 and 24.2% of those age 65 or over.
Military [ edit ]
The United States Air Force base North Auxiliary Airfield is located near the town.
Notable people [ edit ]
CAIRNS, Australia, June 29 (UPI) -- A U.S. man who was left behind by a tour operator while snorkeling on Australia's Great Barrier Reef says they want to see improvements to safety procedures.
Ian Cole, who swam to another boat when they were left behind by a Passions of Paradise tour boat Saturday off the coast of Cairns, said they want the company to improve its safety procedures, the Australian Broadcasting Corp. reported Wednesday.
Cole said the company had put an inexperienced man in charge of ensuring all passengers were aboard the vessel.
"I mean, the guy lost their job as a result of it, and obviously they take the brunt of the blame, but they were put in a system that allowed them to make that mistake," they said. "So obviously the system needs to be changed that could prevent an oversight such as that."
Col McKenzie of the Association of Marine Park Tourism Operators said Cole was in no danger during the incident.
"It's a really unfortunate event, but the thing that we can pick up from it is: first, the person was in no danger; and, (the) second point is the boat has excellent procedures in place," McKenzie said. "The tourist, without even asking, was refunded the money from the trip. He's also been given a letter of apology. He's also been given a voucher to use at one of our better restaurants to say, 'Look, sorry for that.'"
Solicitor Brian O'Donnell is planning to take their legal fight over Gorse Hill in Killiney to the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR).
Mr O'Donnell confirmed their intention to seek yet another legal avenue against Bank of Ireland's repossession of the property at the bank's general court, the annual shareholders' meeting, which took place at University College Dublin (UCD) on Wednesday.
They told reporters: “We've been in court 82 times and we have lost 82 times, statistically impossible. We're appealing to the ECHR.”
At the start of the meeting, Mr O'Donnell walked up to chief executive Ritchie Boucher and dumped the keys to the disputed property on the table.
“Here are the keys to Gorse Hill you spent €9 million getting,” they said to Mr Boucher.
Mr O'Donnell had been attending the bank's agm only hours after leaving the family home, perhaps for the last time, on foot of a noon court imposed deadline to vacate the property. A bank-appointed receiver took possession of the property shortly before 1pm on Wednesday.
It ended months of legal wrangling, costing millions.
The receiver wishes to sell the house, valued at €7 million, to meet part of a €71.5 million debt owed by the O'Donnells for various unpaid property loans.
Dr Mary Patricia O'Donnell has left Gorse Hill in advance of Noon possession by Bank Of Ireland @IrishTimesNews pic.twitter.com/uCl6skQFit — Tim O'Brien (@TheIrishTim) April 29, 2015
At the bank's agm in UCD's O'Reilly Hall, Mr O'Donnell, accompanied by their son Blake, accused the bank's senior executives of making them and their wife bankrupt.
They also criticised Mr Boucher directly, accusing them of presiding over massive losses at the bank since taking charge, and claimed the bank's private arm had no licence to lend and was operating in contravention of the law.
Earlier their son Blake claimed during the meeting that the lender's private banking arm had been investigated for fraud in 2013 and was being “secretly” wound down.
Blake O'Donnell said they had heard the bank was “quietly winding down” its private banking arm without telling customers, and was already in the process of moving these customers into the main bank.
“You've not told them this, you're hiding it from them, and I want to know why,” they asked the directors.
The bank's governor Archie Kane responded to Blake O'Donnell by saying that all of these issues had been discussed many times and brought through the courts and “I don't propose to discuss them again.”
“As far as I'm concerned we operate all parts of the organisation legitimately, under licence, fully licensed by the Central Bank of Ireland and under the appropriate laws,” they said.
In their opening address, Mr Kane spoke of the bank's approach to supporting mortgage customers in financial difficulty, insisting “we strive to help them.”
At this, Mr O'Donnell senior was seen to noticeably shake their head.
After the meeting, the solicitor told reporters the board of the bank failed to answer adequately any of the questions posed by shareholders. “Every time with Bank of Ireland, no answers.”
“I speak today, as a shareholder, the most recent eviction person with my wife, and thanks to Mr Boucher we have also had our family smeared for six years by the Bank of Ireland.”
They also claimed to have repaid €700 million to banks worldwide, and suggested “the only bank we have this sort of problem with is Bank of Ireland, who do no deals and give no answers”.
Mr O'Donnell said they would be staying with friends and relatives in the wake of their eviction from Gorse Hill.
Could this be an Extraterrestrial Mummy? The photo was apparently taken back in 1972 by an archeology team from the University of Illinois while visiting a private musem in Arequipa, Peru.
While the team were viewing exhibits, they were invited to view a special room 'out the back' which is where the mummy was being housed. This photo was taken at this time by one of the team members.
According to the museum records, the mummy came from a group of locals who were scavenging what they thought were Inca tombs hidden in a nearly inaccessible cave high in the mountains near Tres Cruces. The cave was decorated with strange symbols of flying snakes exploding in the air and falling into a river.
Unfortunately when the team returned to the museum in 1996, they discovered that the museum had been burnt to the ground after thieves stole all artifacts.
According to legend, the mummy's current location remains a mystery.
You can easily get access to our best quality pandora charms along with fantastic variety of tiffany uk. There are now excellent options for you in louboutin and mulberry outlet. We provide reliable hollister uk, is also commonly used all over the world.
Under the HOT lanes plan, commuters who don't meet the carpool requirements for I-66 travel inside the Beltway will have the option of paying tolls. (Linda Davidson/The Washington Post)
Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) had a lot to say about transportation politics during a WTOP radio interview Wednesday, but what caught my attention was their statement that the Virginia Department of Transportation would drop part of its plan for tolling drivers on Interstate 66 inside the Capital Beltway.
That's the part of the high-occupancy toll (HOT) lanes plan that would impose tolls on reverse commuters, those traveling against the peak flow at rush-hour.
Removing this element of the tolling plan had not been part of any VDOT presentation I'd heard or any discussion I had with VDOT officials in 2015.
On Wednesday, Virginia Transportation Secretary Aubrey Layne elaborated on their boss's announcement. Layne said they were “99 percent sure” that reverse tolling would not be part of the inside-the-Beltway HOT lanes plan. Among the reasons:
Reverse commuters have pointed out that while the peak direction on I-66 is open only to drivers who meet the HOV rules, the opposite direction is open to everyone. While allowing solo drivers access to the HOV lanes if they're willing to pay a toll represents a new option, forcing all drivers going the other way to pay a toll would impose pain for no gain.
VDOT has studied what HOT lanes would do to traffic on parallel routes. In the peak direction, VDOT does not expect to see a significant impact, because drivers going that way has a new option. However, the research showed there would be some impact in the reverse direction, as those drivers bailed out of I-66 and chose the free roads instead.
The toll revenue that could be devoted to helping commuters leave their cars behind would not drop significantly if they reverse commuters could drive free.
This is the second major change to VDOT's plan for I-66 inside the Beltway. The first was the decision to maintain the HOV2 standard for carpoolers rather than toughening it to HOV3, in which the carpools would need to have at least three people. Qualifying carpoolers get to ride free in HOV lanes, and it's much more difficult to get three people together for a commute than two people.
There's a political dimension to the change for the reverse commuters, and McAuliffe got into that again during a speech on Thursday to the Governor's Transportation Conference in Virginia Beach.
Republican candidates for General Assembly have attacked the governor on the tolling plan, saying that the governor plans to force commuters to pay “$17 tolls.” That's VDOT's estimate for what solo drivers would pay to use the entire 10 miles of the HOV lanes at the peak of the peak in both directions.
In their speech, McAuliffe described the idea that drivers would be forced to pay such tolls as “an absolute lie.”
“We're giving single drivers the option” of using the HOV lanes “if they want to pay the toll,” they said. “The idea that we're adding a $17 toll, it's an absolute lie.”
VDOT officials note that even most solo drivers won't be paying $17 a day, since they'd need to drive the entire route between the Beltway and the District at the exact time when traffic each way is at its worst.
The toll for the reverse commuters would have been several dollars, since there's much less demand to travel in the reverse direction. Still, they were a politically inconvenient group, because they'd be paying that toll for a route they already can access.
The toll revenue left over after the expenses of operating the HOT lanes system inside the Beltway will go to supporting alternative transportation — carpooling and commuter buses, for example. Layne said they are “very confident” that the extra revenue will be sufficient to support that investment and will help ease congestion in the I-66 corridor.
Jayme Poisson is filling in for Kenyon Wallace, the Star's transparency reporter, for the next few weeks. Through our recently launched trust initiative, we've received many emails from readers asking how we choose and pursue investigations and how we come to trust the information our sources give. Here, Poisson provides a first-hand account of how they and colleague David Bruser started looking into mercury contamination in Grassy Narrows. It was about this time last year. We were parked on the side of the road just outside Carstairs, Alta., feeling pretty dejected when the call came through.
The Star's Jayme Poisson collects soil samples in northern Ontario to test for mercury. David Bruser digs for soil samples in northern Ontario. ( Toronto Star Staff ) Kas Glowacki was a key source in learning why mercury levels are higher than normal in Grassy Narrows First Nation.
Colleague David Bruser and I had made the three-hour drive from Edmonton that morning. It was late afternoon, and we'd spent the day chasing what felt like the ghost of Kas Glowacki — a man we only knew as the mystery email author who had months earlier written “out of guilt” to the Chief of Grassy Narrows claiming that in 1972 they had dumped mercury-filled barrels behind a mill upstream from the First Nation in northern Ontario. The email had been flipped to us via a source who was working closely with the community. They were at an impasse trying to reach Glowacki, who described themselves as a former mill employee. If true, it would be bombshell information. The people of Grassy Narrows have suffered from symptoms of mercury poisoning for more than four decades and scientists had been saying elevated mercury levels in fish and sediment today suggest there is an ongoing source. David and I tried for weeks to reach Glowacki from Toronto by email. Had they gotten cold feet? Was the whole thing a hoax? Still, neither of us could let go of that nagging feeling this could be more. And so, when we were heading to the National Newspaper Awards in Edmonton in May 2016, David suggested we rent a car to try to track them down.
Article Continued Below
We thought Glowacki lived in or near Carstairs because researchers at the Star had found a post office box registered to a man with the same name there. Once we had a general location, an online Canada411 entry gave us an address about 20 kilometres away. The day ended up being one bust after another. The address we found turned out to be Glowacki's old house. The neighbour took our cards and said they would try to reach him, but made no promises. We had no luck at the gas station, grocery and hardware store where most people in the small-town community of 4,000 had an account. The pharmacy had an old account for Glowacki's wife. The pharmacist called and left a message, but refused to give us the number. We tried the local bar. Nothing. By the afternoon, we'd exhausted all our options. That's when my cellphone rang. It was Kas Glowacki. They had been having some health issues, they explained, and that's why they hadn't gotten back to us. They knew we were in Alberta.
“Where are you living now?” I asked. “Medicine Hat,” they said.
Article Continued Below
We knew we needed to meet them in person to help us better assess their credibility. And likely, they needed to meet us to assess our credibility before talking. They said we could come over. The following day we made the six-hour drive. That was the beginning of what has become a year's worth of reporting on mercury contamination in Grassy Narrows. The story of Kas Glowacki and the alleged dump led us to new sources in the Grassy Narrows, science and legal communities and new information that shed light on decades of government stalling and dissembling. We learned and have revealed, among other things, that in 1984 the provincial government was told by its own environment minister that the lakes near Grassy Narrows can and should be cleaned; that Health Canada is keeping secret records that would say which babies tested high for mercury poisoning; and that the fish eaten today by the people of Grassy Narrows are the most mercury-contaminated in the province. Earlier this year, we discovered with the help of an environmental group called Earthroots that there are higher than normal levels of mercury behind the old Dryden mill in the same spot Glowacki circled on a map. (The barrels Glowacki says they buried have yet to be found, though experts say they could be rusted through.) The people of Grassy Narrows have been told by doctors that they are sick. Symptoms of mercury poisoning include loss of muscle co-ordination, slurred speech and tunnel vision. Fetuses are particularly vulnerable to cognitive damage. Top scientists, leading authors like Margaret Atwood and Vincent Lam and others have called on the government to clean the river. While the province has promised a clean-up, they have recently been accused of stalling. That next day in Medicine Hat, at Glowacki's bungalow, we weren't sure what to expect. We didn't know if their story would ring true. If it did, we didn't know whether they would go on the record with their claims. Glowacki told us their story with confidence, great detail and consistency (David questioned their memory several times, and he'd always come back with a good reason they remembered something. For example, they said they were certain of the year because they had just had a baby). Our editors decided that while we couldn't prove it was true, it was credible and certainly worth further investigation by the proper officials. I asked Glowacki this week why they decided to meet with us that day. What I didn't know until now is that they had received a call from their former neighbour who told them there were “two characters trying to track me down for poisoning with arsenic.” We'd likely confused the neighbour with our impromptu appearance and Glowacki said they wanted to “get the facts straight, before my former neighbours thought I was someone sinister.” About their decision to go public, they say they weighed the pros and cons and decided “that the whole thing should be more realistic with a face to the name.” This story is part of a Star series exploring how the newsroom operates. Email your questions to trust@thestar.ca Correction – June 5, 2017: This article was edited from a previous version that misspelled Kas Glowacki's surname in one instance.
The role of various environmental factors in the pathogenesis of immune mediated diseases is well established. Of which, factors entailing an immune adjuvant activity such as infectious agents, silicone, aluminium salts and others were associated with defined and non-defined immune mediated diseases both in animal models and in humans. In recent years, four conditions: siliconosis, the Gulf war syndrome (GWS), the macrophagic myofasciitis syndrome (MMF) and post-vaccination phenomena were linked with previous exposure to an adjuvant. Furthermore, these four diseases share a similar complex of signs and symptoms which further support a common denominator.Thus, we review herein the current data regarding the role of adjuvants in the pathogenesis of immune mediated diseases as well as the amassed data regarding each of these four conditions. Relating to the current knowledge we would like to suggest including these comparable conditions under a common syndrome entitled ASIA, "Autoimmune (Auto-inflammatory) Syndrome Induced by Adjuvants".
Copyright © 2010 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Former President Bill Clinton declares they were a heroic figure at the Clinton Foundation, taking money from wealthy people and redistributing to the poor.
Clinton defended their work at the Clinton Foundation during a speech in Ohio, calling the notion that it was corrupt was “really funny.”
“Here is what I did, I was sort of Robin Hood, except I didn't rob anybody,” Clinton said. “I just asked people with money to give it to people who didn't have money and we tried to use it in America and around the world to save jobs, to create jobs and to save lives.”
Hillary Clinton also defended the Clinton Foundation in an interview with ABC News anchor David Muir, asserting that their husband should not resign as head of the foundation until after the election.
“I don't think there are conflicts of interest,” they said. “I know that that's what has been alleged and never proven. But nevertheless, I take it seriously.”
A German privacy regulator ordered Facebook to stop enforcing its real name policy because it violates a German law that gives users the right to use nicknames online.
Facebook refused to permit the use of pseudonyms on its platform as required by the German Telemedia Act, Thilo Weichert, privacy commissioner and head of the Office of the Data Protection Commissioner (ULD) Schleswig-Holstein said on Monday. The ULD issued a decree forcing Facebook to start allowing pseudonyms immediately, they said.
[Data snatchers! The booming market for your online identity and Me, Myself, and Google's Me on the Web]
"This decree is binding," said Weichert, who added that it is unacceptable that a U.S. portal like Facebook keeps violating German data protection law. To ensure users' rights and comply with data protection law in general, the real name obligation must be immediately abandoned by Facebook, the ULD said.
The orders were issued on Friday against Facebook USA and Facebook Ireland, which is responsible for all Facebook's activities outside of the U.S. and Canada.
Facebook has always had a real-name policy. Users should use their name as listed on their credit card or student ID, so people know who they are connecting with, Facebook states in its name policy. Any accounts set up under fake names will be removed from the site when discovered in order to keep the community safe, according to Facebook.
While the ULD can only enforce its mandate on behalf of Facebook users in the state of Schleswig-Holstein, the order could be adopted by other German data protection authorities, Weichert said. "We informed our colleagues and most of the supervising authorities agree with us," they said.
However, similar orders weren't issued in the other states because the ULD's order is being used as a pilot case, Weichert said.
The social network has two weeks to object to the order in court, or it could also decide to simply comply, they said. However, Weichert expects Facebook to fight the decree.
"We believe the orders are without merit, a waste of German taxpayers' money and we will fight it vigorously," a Facebook spokesperson said in an emailed statement. It is the role of individual services to determine their own policies about anonymity within the governing law, they added. Facebook's real name policy complies with European data protection principles and Irish law, according to the social network.
Loek is Amsterdam Correspondent and covers online privacy, intellectual property, open-source and online payment issues for the IDG News Service. Follow them on Twitter at @loekessers or email tips and comments to loek_essers@idg.com
Ryan addresses a packed house in Kenosha, Wis., Tuesday. Overflow crowds for Ryan town halls
KENOSHA, Wis. — Record crowds of supporters and opponents flooded town hall meetings throughout southeastern Wisconsin on Tuesday to hear Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) defend their plan to trim government spending — including controversial changes to the Medicare program.
In the district's Democratic stronghold of Kenosha, at least 200 people were left outside once the 300-seat auditorium filled to capacity. The people in the crowd largely opposed the Ryan plan, holding signs such as “RyanCare = Dying Bare,” “Leave Medicare Alone” or simply, “Save Medicare!”
Story Continued Below
While Ryan spoke inside, the group rallied outside and ironically played Shania Twain's “Ka-Ching,” which criticizes society's obsession with money. As Ryan was leaving, they chanted, “Tax the rich, too!”
At four town hall meetings throughout Ryan's district Tuesday, some constituents applauded them for their courage to tackle economic problems but others expressed concern about what the Medicare changes would do — to themselves or their grandchildren.
“The problem is, under your program, when you want to give me X amount of dollars, with the insurance companies, the way they operate ... if I can't afford insurance, then where am I going to be?” asked one 62-year-old woman with a history of cancer who worried they wouldn't qualify for private insurance coverage under Ryan's plan.
George Kauffman, an 80-year-old man from Kenosha, didn't make it into Ryan's town hall meeting before capacity was reached. The former auto union worker and then small-business owner said they are skeptical about Ryan's promise that Medicare benefits for those 55 and older won't change.
“When you let your foot in the door, it's easy to adjust things later,” they told POLITICO.
The attention is much more than Ryan has been used to. Before the Kenosha meeting, the dozen “regulars” at the Lake Geneva, Wis., town hall meeting were shocked to see well more than 100 people turn out. Down the road in Paddock Lake, the meeting room reached capacity of 75 people before it was due to start and several constituents and reporters were left outside.
Ryan told the crowds that it's a larger turnout than they saw during the infamous health care town halls during summer 2009.
Using a PowerPoint presentation that they said they prepared himself, Ryan pushed back on the criticism to their budget plan largely by pitting it against President Barack Obama's health care reform law and budget proposal, which calls for strengthening the Independent Payment Advisory Board.
Ryan said the Republican plan would keep benefits the same for those over 55 and strengthen the program for the future.
“The president, on the other hand, kind of does the opposite,” they told a crowd of about 100 people at a morning town hall in Lake Geneva. “His new health care law … puts a board in charge of cutting costs in Medicare.”
Throughout the day, Ryan repeatedly tried to draw a stark line between their plan and the IPAB. They said the board would “automatically put price controls in Medicare” and “diminish the quality of care for seniors.”
The Medicare piece of the Republican budget proposal is among the most controversial. Several other House Republicans have taken heat at similar town hall meetings for their vote.
Ryan dismissed the criticism while talking with reporters outside of one meeting. They chalked it up simply to Democrats twisting their plan around.
“Scaring seniors comes out every two years,” they said. ‘The challenge we have is getting through the demagoguery.”
And Ryan supporters also stepped up to thank them for tackling the budget.
“What you're doing requires a great deal of moral courage,” William Keough, a 68-year-old from Salem, Wis., told Ryan. “Your countrymen recognize that.”
This article first appeared on POLITICO Pro at 5:30 p.m. on April 26, 2011.
Yay for the weekend guys. I want to apologize for this blogging week. I haven't been this inconsistent with my posts in a very long time. It's not even like I'm doing anything else, I'm honestly just sleeping. From the time I get home until the next day when it's time to get up from work. To break it down for you, that's over twelve hours of sleep I'm getting per night. And I'm still exhausted. So again, I want to apologize and let you know this is a habit I'm stopping right away. Okay, so let's finally get to our favorite pass time aka gawking at polish! Valentine's Day is just around the corner or Single Awareness Day. Either way, we're going to need some polishes! For today, I'll be sharing swatches for the Valentine's Day Trio by Daily Hues Lacquer.
The Valentine's Trio by
Yay for the weekend guys. I want to apologize for this blogging week. I haven't been this inconsistent with my posts in a very long time. It's not even like I'm doing anything else, I'm honestly just sleeping. From the time I get home until the next day when it's time to get up from work. To break it down for you, that's over twelve hours of sleep I'm getting per night. And I'm still exhausted. So again, I want to apologize and let you know this is a habit I'm stopping right away. Okay, so let's finally get to our favorite pass time aka gawking at polish! Valentine's Day is just around the corner or Single Awareness Day. Either way, we're going to need some polishes! For today, I'll be sharing swatches for the Valentine's Day Trio by Daily Hues Lacquer.The Valentine's Trio by Daily Hues Lacquer will be available for purchase on Monday, January 12th. Don't forget to mark your calendars and set your alarms, the trio will be limited edition.
Lololi
Kari
Davina
Overall this trio is perfect to kick-start the season of love. I love all the shades and the drastic difference between the colors is a huge plus for me. The formulas all around are very high in quality, as you might be used to with Daily Hues Lacquer. Since I've been holo crazy lately, I have to pick Kari as my must-have. Lololi comes in at a close second, especially if you don't own a similar shade. As I mentioned before, the Valentine's Trio by Daily Hues Lacquer will be available for purchase on Monday, January 12th. This will be a highly limited edition trio so you don't want to miss out.
Lololi is a bright berry red bordering a bit of pink with a shimmering finish. Love this color, I'm always a fan of red. It's not the typical red you expect, which ends up being a refreshing change of pace. Formula and consistency are really great, not too thin or too thick. It has a smooth application, only needing two coats for a fully opaque finish. I sealed these swatches with a glossy topcoat and it was dry fairly quick as well.Kari can be described as a lilac linear holograph polish. I'm being obsessed with spring colors lately and this particular shade will be perfect well past love day. The color is very light and will need a few layers to build up opacity. For these swatches, I used three thin coats and sealed with a glossy topcoat. The formula applies smoothly and dries very quickly, despite it's three coats.Davina is a light pink shimmering polish filled with small golden hex glitters. Even though it's a very light shade of pink, it ends up complementing my skin tone really well. The glitter and color combination end up making the polish look slightly textured. I assure you, however, that it has a very smooth finish. For these swatches, I used two thin layers and sealed with a top coat. To help with the bulky appearance, I suggest adding two layers of a thick topcoat.
Donald Trump's latest line of attack against Hillary Clinton is putting Republicans in an awkward position, with even the GOPers out stumping for their campaign squirming when pressed whether they agree with their claim that Clinton is a “bigot.”
As Clinton this week ramped up their attacks on Trump's connections to the alt-right movement, the GOP nominee countered by explicitly labeling them a “bigot,” first in a speech slamming their “bigotry” earlier this month and then during an interview with Anderson Cooper Thursday evening where they said, “She is a bigot.”
The other officials in their party and even in their own campaign, so far, are a little less eager to use the term.
Republican National Committee spokesperson Sean Spicer, when asked Friday if they agreed, demurred that they stayed away from such language.
“No, I think some of the policies that she's supported have not helped African-Americans, but I think anybody who knows me, I just don't tend to use certain words,” they told MSNBC. They argued, however, that Clinton's policies “have kept people trapped in poverty” and “let education standards fall by the wayside.”
Ben Carson — a former GOP primary rival and now a Trump surrogate — suggested to the Daily Beast that he'd prefer Trump not throw around the label.
“I don't generally get into the name-calling thing,” Carson said. “I kind of left that behind in the third grade. I certainly don't encourage it because the issues that we're facing are incredibly important—for us and for the future generations.”
They argued that Democrats policies have failed African Americans, but when it comes to name calling by both sides, they said, “That's what people do who don't have anything to talk about.”
Rep. Steve King (R-IA), no stranger to controversy over racially charged remarks, refused to engage in the attack.
“I don't use names like that and I wish we didn't use those names in politics. But it simply cheapens it all whenever it comes out, whatever side it's on,” King said on MSNBC. They went to blame Democrats for using “dog whistle language” while defending Trump of any accusations that they are a racist.
“I don't know real racists in this world and I don't know real bigots in this world. But I sure know a lot of people that have had that label attached to them without justification,” King said.
Sean Jackson, the chairperson of Florida's Black Republican Caucus, said that they wouldn't “use the precise word ‘bigotry.'”
Asked why Trump would use the term, they said on MSNBC, “The fact of the matter is I can't speak for as to why Mr. Trump would use specific words and terms.”
“However, what I can say is that the actions that Secretary Clinton has performed over the course of their 27 years and politics has in fact portrayed that of bigotry,” they added. “I wouldn't use the word myself, per se, however their actions do line up with that of bigotry.”
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R), a Trump advisor, simply ignored the question.
“Next question,” Christie says after a reporter asks whether they think Clinton is a bigot. — Matt Arco (@MatthewArco) August 26, 2016
Former Rep. Jack Kingston (R-GA), after expressing a desire to get “ beyond the name-calling,“ was reminded by MSNBC's Craig's Melvin that it was their party's nominee who was the one who had called Clinton a bigot. Kingston attempted to turn it around by accusing Democrats of being name-callers themselves.
“The Democrat national convention, which, by the way, I attended, you can hardly watch that on prime-time TV with children in the room. There was so much name-calling,” Kingston said. “It was so disappointing. … We should get away from name-calling, I am with you on that.”
Porsche 917/10 Prototype Reading time: about 2 minutes. Cars
German
Porsche
Rare
The Porsche 917 is one of the most successful racing cars of all time, in fact some automotive historians go so far as to call it the greatest racing car of the 20th century. Porsche began development of the model in 1968 with a very clear goal in mind – they wanted outright victory at the 24 Hours of Le Mans in May, 1970.
In order to shorten the development timeline as much as possible, it was decided that two Porsche 911 flat-6 engines would be joined crank-to-crank, giving an initial displacement of 4.5 litres from the two donor 2.25 litre units. Over the course of its development variants of the 917 would be offered with 4.5 litre, 4.9 litre, and 5 litre engines – some of which would be turbocharged for Can Am I racing and capable of over 1100hp.
Over the course of its service life, Porsche 917s registered wins in many of the world's great racing series, including the World Sportscar Championship, Le Mans, and Can Am to name just a few. The 917s win at Le Mans in 1971 set a distance record of 5,335.16 kilometres that would stand for almost 40 years.
The car you see here is an early prototype for the open-topped Porsche 917/10 variant. It carries chassis number 917/10-001, and it was completed on the 3rd of December 1970. This is the car that was used for wind-tunnel development at Porsche's Weissach R&D facility to combat the significant aero issues faced by the model when it was first introduced. It also underwent a long on-track development programme, including 23 consecutive testing days on the Weissach skidpad.
After its testing regimen drew to a close, chassis 917/10-001 was rebuilt by Porsche, and sold on to Willi Kauhsen who began racing it extensively in Europe, the USA and South America. Over the course of its active years the car was driven by Willi Kauhsen, Emerson Fittipaldi, Charlie Kemp, Gunther Stekkonig, and Wilson Fittipaldi.
After competition retirement the car sat in storage for over 20 years, before undergoing a 2 year restoration in 1997. Since its recommissioning it's been displayed and driven at Austria's Ennstal Classic (where Ferrari F1 driver Gerhard Berger took the wheel), as well as Goodwood, Nürburgring, Daytona, Brands Hatch, and St. Raphael Concours d'Elegance.
Chassis 917/10-001 is now being offered for public sale by RM Sotheby's with an estimated value of between €4,600,000 and €5,500,000. It'll roll across the au auction block In Paris on the 8th of February – and you can click here if you'd like to read more of register to bid.
Photo Credits: ©2016 Courtesy of RM Sotheby's
European Central Bank Announces Quantitative Easing Program. ECB acts in part on advice from U.S. Federal Reserve Vice Chairman.
Will Buy Bonds with a Negative Yield.
The European Central Bank Set to Start its own Quantitative Easing Program.
European Quantitative Easing Plan to top €1.1 trillion.
Quantitative easing has gone transcontiental, now reaching continental Europe. Soon after the United States wound down its six year $4 trillion quantitative easing program, Europe is set to start its own. With a struggling European economy, Mario Draghi came through on their promise to “do what ever it takes” to revive the flagging Euro Zone economy in announcing a wide ranging asset purchase program of sixty billion euros a month to last until at least the end of September 2016.
In a widely anticipated move, the ECB announced that it would launch an asset buying program to help boost inflation.
Monkey See, Monkey Do?
Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer to European Central Bank President Mario Draghi: Try Some QE, it Works
Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer, who last year argued that the United States to set up a bank-bail in regime, argued that the ECB should start its own QE program because of the salubrious impact it has had on the United States economy.
“The same arguments in favor of quantitative easing that demonstrated their effectiveness for the U.S. economy are valid for Europe too. If the ECB moves in that direction, it will have positive effects,” said Stanley Fisher in an interview with Italian newspaper La Repubblica.
“The U.S. economy would not be where it is today without the speedy implementation of stress tests at the beginning of 2009 by the Fed, which then forced banks to recapitalize. The Europeans still need to do what we have done,” Mr. Fischer added
Impact on the Global Economy
QE is now no longer a one-off experiment but is deeply engrained as a policy tool at the United States Federal Reserve, the Bank of Japan (BOJ), the Bank of England and now the European Central Bank. The concept of printing currency to solve structural economic problems has taken root at the world's central banks but not borne much fruit.
A European Central Bank QE program will probably cause the Euro to weaken against the United States Dollar.
A strengthening dollar would be deflationary and run counter to achieving the Fed's 2% inflation target.
Two Out of Three Ain't Bad, But We May Soon Have a Trifecta
With the BOJ and ECB printing their currencies to stimulate their economies, the dollar will continue to strengthen. If that happens, we may see a reversal of recent Fed projections that an interest rate hike is coming in 2015 and an announcement that the Fed is joining its central bank brethern in a global currency printing festival as it launches QE4.
BRISTOW, Va. -- On the rare occasions when Dan Snyder speaks to a gaggle of reporters, they don't go long. Two minutes, and he's antsy to go. Somewhere in there, they usually drop the key adjective he's using to describe the current state of the Washington Redskins.
So, on Thursday, when surrounded by notepads and microphones after a dedication ceremony at the Youth for Tomorrow school founded by Hall of Fame coach Joe Gibbs, the Redskins' owner gave their latest sound-bite assessment as their team endures yet another circus of a season.
"I'm personally frustrated we're 5-7," Snyder said.
That's actually an improvement. Last year, they were "embarrassed" and "apologetic." The Redskins were free-falling to a 4-12 record. A coach who had been calling bingo games was brought out of retirement to call plays. Coach Jim Zorn's firing was inevitable as early as September. The Redskins, as they have so many times over the last decade, became a punch line.
That was supposed to come to an end this year. New coach Mike Shanahan, the hard-nosed two-time Super Bowl winner with the uncompromising scowl, and new general manager Bruce Allen would restore a sense of professionalism. No more laughingstock Redskins.
No such luck. A yearlong, almost comical to-and-fro with suspended defensive lineman Albert Haynesworth has dominated the season. The football world also scratched its head over Shanahan's benching of Donovan McNabb late in a loss to the Detroit Lions, then scratched its head again when Shanahan sounded like a coaching novice trying to explain it, then scratched its head yet again when the quarterback received a much ballyhooed contract extension -- only to learn one day later that the fine print allows the Redskins to render the deal moot at the end of the season.
There have been other lesser amusements. A mix-up caused the team to turn in the wrong name on the inactive list before one game. Cornerback DeAngelo Hall threatened to ignore the defensive coaches so they could always cover the other team's top receiver. Running back Clinton Portis insulted female journalists, apologized for their remarks, then one week later said they stood by their original comments.
It's always something with this team, isn't it?
"No doubt," cornerback Carlos Rogers said this week. "We'll give you some news, whether it's good or bad. We always seem to have some news."
The big news this week, of course, was Shanahan's decision to suspend Haynesworth without pay for the rest of the season for "conduct detrimental to the club." Haynesworth, who signed a $100 million contract that contained $41 million in guaranteed money last year, stands to become the biggest of many big mistakes made during the 11 years of the free-spending Snyder's flight attendantship.
"I wish it had worked out better," Snyder said Thursday. "I wish they had played better and everybody played better."
That's about all Snyder would say about their wayward investment. The owner said Shanahan, who has contractual control over personnel matters, is now the person who "speaks for all of us." Shanahan, for that matter, said they didn't even consult Snyder before deciding to suspend Haynesworth.
And to those who are wondering why the Redskins still manage to live in such a drama-heavy zone, Snyder echoed a sentiment they have needed to express all too many times over the last decade: "Have a little patience."
"When you have a new organization in place with Bruce Allen and their team, and coach Shanahan and all new coaches, things take a little time for them to shape what they want to do," Snyder said. "It took Joe Gibbs a year (6-10 in 2004) to get their organization shaped the way they wanted to, and the next year, we went to the playoffs and made a good run, and we're looking forward to the same thing with coach Shanahan and Bruce Allen.
"Obviously, where we are right now in the season is not where we want to be, but we're making progress as an organization, and I'm feeling great about Mike and Bruce. They've got great leadership. We're in good hands."
Players who have been around for a few years are the first to admit that the Redskins regularly create more than their share of turmoil, but they agree with the owner's sentiment: It was asking too much to expect Shanahan to clean up all the muck in one year.
Vote: Never Say Never Moment Troy Polamalu set up Pittsburgh for a come-from-behind win at Baltimore with their sack and forced fumble of Joe Flacco late in the game. Was that the top Week 13 moment?
» Vote: Air & Ground Players of the Week
» Vote: Rookie of the Week Troy Polamalu set up Pittsburgh for a come-from-behind win at Baltimore with their sack and forced fumble of Joe Flacco late in the game. Was that the top Week 13 moment? Vote now!
"Last year, it was just a miserable feeling in the building. Very tough to come to work," linebacker London Fletcher said. "And it started early. It started maybe around Week 3, Week 4. ... That hasn't been the case this year. Coach Shanahan, we all know that they have a track record that's proven, they have a way and system that works, it's just a matter of us continuing to work at it.
"We all want to have instant success. It's just the way people are wired in this day and age. Instant coffee. Instant fast food. We want everything instant. This year, we want instant division championship, instant Super Bowls. We want to instantly be a top five defense, offense, special teams, and it's not happening for us right now, but we've got to continue to improve."
Shanahan was careful about preaching the message of patience early in the year. No sense in giving the players an excuse to have a bad season. Now that the Redskins essentially are out of the playoff picture, the coach's remarks are on the same wavelength as the owner's.
"Dan has really supportive since I've been here. He's going to give me a chance to do things the right way, build this thing, build this organization the right way, and I thank them for doing it," Shanahan said. "There's going to be some growing pains. There's going to be some mistakes we make along the way, but we'll make them full speed ahead, and hopefully make enough right decisions where we can get this organization back to where it's been."
Notes: Defensive coordinator Jim Haslett gave the latest harsh assessment of Haynesworth on Thursday, saying "sooner or later he's going to have to grow up and understand what's going on. Not everybody in the National Football League's going to let Albert do what they want on the field, it doesn't work that way. Wherever they go or stays here, it's going to be under the same constraints. They aren't happy this year with the 3-4 (scheme)? They aren't happy last year with the 4-3? What else do you want to do? You want to run a 2-5?" Haslett also backed Shanahan's decision to make Haynesworth inactive for last Sunday's game against the New York Giants. "The guy doesn't practice well on Thursday, about as poor as I've ever seen, and then Friday, (he has a) so-called 'illness' that they don't practice," Haslett said. "And you're the head coach on Saturday night getting ready for Sunday, you've got to make a decision what's best for the football club, and I think Mike made the right decision."
Copyright 2010 by The Associated Press
Radical new technique promises a cheaper and more secure method of burying CO2 emissions underground instead of storing it as a gas
Carbon dioxide has been pumped underground and turned rapidly into stone, demonstrating a radical new way to tackle climate change.
The unique project promises a cheaper and more secure way of burying CO2 from fossil fuel burning underground, where it cannot warm the planet. Such carbon capture and storage (CCS) is thought to be essential to halting global warming, but existing projects store the CO2 as a gas and concerns about costs and potential leakage have halted some plans.
The new research pumped CO2 into the volcanic rock under Iceland and sped up a natural process where the basalts react with the gas to form carbonate minerals, which make up limestone. The researchers were amazed by how fast all the gas turned into a solid – just two years, compared to the hundreds or thousands of years that had been predicted.
“We need to deal with rising carbon emissions and this is the ultimate permanent storage – turn them back to stone,” said Juerg Matter, at the University of Southampton in the UK, who led the research published on Thursday in the journal Science.
Matter said the only thing holding back CCS was the lack of action from politicians, such as putting a price on carbon emissions: “The engineering and technology of CCS is ready to be deployed. So why do we not see hundreds of these projects? There is no incentive to do it.”
The Iceland project has already been increased in scale to bury 10,000 tonnes of CO2 a year and the basalt rocks used are common around the world, forming the floor of all the oceans and parts of the land too. “In the future, we could think of using this for power plants in places where there's a lot of basalt and there are many such places,” said Martin Stute, at Columbia University in the US and part of the research team.
Testing has taken place in the Columbia River Basalts, extensive deposits in Washington and Oregon in the US. India, which has many polluting coal power plants, has huge basalt deposits in the Deccan Traps.
One potential challenge for the new technique is that it requires large amounts of water: 25 tonnes for each tonne of CO2 buried. But Matter said seawater could be used, which would be in plentiful supply at coastal sites. Another is that subterranean microbes might break down carbonate to methane, a powerful greenhouse gas, but this was not seen in the Iceland research.
The research, called the Carbfix project, took place at Iceland's Hellisheidi power plant, the world's largest geothermal facility. The plant pumps up volcanically heated water to run electricity-generating turbines but this also brings up volcanic gases, including carbon dioxide and nasty-smelling hydrogen sulphide.
The researchers re-injected 230 tonnes of the gas, which was dissolved in water to prevent it escaping, down into the basalt to a depth of 400-500m. They used tracer chemicals to show that over 95% of CO2 was turned into stone within two years, “amazingly fast” according to Matter. Edda Aradottir, who heads the project for Reykjavik Energy, said: “It was a very welcome surprise.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Members of the CarbFix science team handling rock core recovered during drilling at the CO2 injection site. Photograph: Juerg Matter/Science
The Iceland project has now begun scaling up to bury 10,000 tonnes of CO2 a year, plus the hydrogen sulphide which also turns into minerals. The Columbia University group is also investigating another rock type, found in Oman, which may be able to turn CO2 into rock even better than basalt.
In conventional CCS, the CO2 is stored as a gas in sedimentary rocks such as exhausted oil fields under the North Sea. Unlike basalt, these rocks lack the minerals needed to convert CO2 into stone. Such sedimentary reservoirs could potentially leak and therefore have to be monitored, which adds to costs.
They have also raised concerns from the public and projects on land in the Netherlands and Germany have been halted as a result. “In Europe you can forget about onshore CCS,” said Matter.
Conventional CCS also requires the CO2 to be separated from the mix of gases emitted by power stations and industrial plants, which is expensive. But the basalt-based CCS does not require this. However, Matter said there would still be a role for conventional CCS in places where power plants are close to good reservoirs.
Stuart Haszeldine, professor of CCS at the UK's University of Edinburgh and not involved in the new research said it was promising: “This is terrific. It may well provide a low-cost and very secure remedy for parts of the world where the suitable rocks exist. [But] this needs to be used as well as all the existing propositions, because the problem to be solved of thousands of million tonnes of CO2 emissions per year in the world is immense and no single remedy is anywhere near big enough or fast enough.”
The UN's Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change has concluded that CCS is hugely important to tackling climate change in the most cost-effective way. Without CCS, the costs of halting global warming would double, the IPCC said, an assessment with which the UK government's advisers, the Committee on Climate Change, agrees.
However, the UK government cancelled a pioneering £1bn CCS competition in November. Globally, CCS has not developed as quickly as hoped, although some companies are using CO2 injection to drive more oil and gas from older fields. Haszeldine said there have been over 100 injections of CO2 gas in different countries worldwide since 1972, none of which are known to have leaked.
Other innovative approaches to CCS are being explored, including an ExxonMobil-backed project using fuel cells to make capturing CO2 cheaper and one from Ford which uses CO2 to make foam for use in their vehicles. Groups are also working on chemical advances to capture CO2 more easily.
The Fourth Railway Package aims to make rail travel in Europe more attractive. This week MEPs vote on the so-called technical pillar of the package. This includes proposals to streamline a large number of national rules regarding rail operations, facilitate EU-wide authorisations for placing rail vehicles on the marked and reduce red tape for companies planning to operate in more than one EU country.
On 19 April negotiators from the Parliament, Council and the European Commission reached an agreement on a number of measures to improve the provision of services. The new rules will only enter into force once they have been endorsed by the Parliament and every member state. This is expected to happen by the end of the year. Read on for the key points of this agreement:
Liberalisation of railway passenger market
Railway companies would be able to operate everywhere in the EU without restrictions from 2020.The increased competition would be likely to lead to lower prices for travellers. This could mean that the companies that currently dominate the rail sector will no longer be the norm.
Italian S&D member David-Maria Sassoli, who steered the proposals on market opening through Parliament, said: "The market is now open, even if this happens 20 years after it took place in the aviation sector. I hope this deal will give a strong boost to the European rail sector."
Competition for public service contracts
Railway companies would have to bid for public service contracts for passenger rail services from 2023 . The aim is to ensure that public authorities get the best possible value for money, while still ensuring good quality public transport.
Dutch EPP member Wim van de Camp, who was responsible for steering the rules on public service contracts through Parliament, said: "Direct awarding will still be possible, but only when national authorities can ensure that the services to travellers will improve."
The changes could lead to cost-efficient business models such as low-cost rail travel. Van de Camp added: "This will result in European travellers reaping the benefits."
End of illegal state aid and subsidies
Infrastructure managers, the companies managing the network, would have to grant non-discriminatory access to rail transport operators wishing to offer services on the network. In addition increased financial transparency would eliminate illegal state aids and subsidies.
Finnish GUE/NGL member Merja Kyllönen (Finland), who was responsible for steering the rules rail transport through Parliament, said: "The railway market deal will boost investment in [...] rail traffic in Europe, provide better services for travellers and enable swift transition towards greener transportation."
Click here for more news from the European Parliament.
Sonu joined Wildlife SOS seven years ago, when their elephant Rajesh was rescued from the circus and brought to our Elephant Conservation and Care Centre, the first tusker in our care. As part of Wildlife SOS' holistic approach to conservation and rescue, the elephant's former mahouts are offered jobs at our centres to not only provide them an alternate source of livelihood, but also to teach them to properly care for and respect the animals they work with. We talked to Sonu about their experience with Wildlife SOS so far.
How did you come to join Wildlife SOS?
I joined the organization in 2010, when Rajesh elephant was brought here from the circus in Agra. I was employed as Rajesh's keeper in the circus, and after their rescue, was offered a job working with elephants at the Elephant Conservation and Care Centre. I had always worked with elephants, it's what my whole family was employed in, and it's all I saw myself doing- so I accepted. I was hired as an elephant keeper, and found myself really enjoying my job.
Describe a typical day as a keeper at ECCC?
For me, a typical day at ECCC, entails feeding the elephants, cleaning their enclosures, bathing them and taking them on walks. Besides regular checkups and medical care, many of the elephants require ongoing special veterinary treatment, and I assist the veterinary staff at ECCC when they are doing this. We also have an ethical management process called ‘target training' with our animals, so I spend time with professionals learning about it and working on it with the elephants, giving me a chance to really appreciate how incredibly smart these animals are.
What, in your opinion, has been the best part of working with Wildlife SOS?
The facility, the life I have in ECCC is incomparable to my former life. I love my job and the animals I work with and am truly grateful that both myself and Rajesh have been given this chance at a new, better life. Now, not only do I get to look after Rajesh, but also other amazing elephants, like our newest family member, Gajraj and its always fantastic to learn more about their distinct personalities and care for them!
What difficulties do you face, working with elephants?
It was a little difficult in the beginning, I suppose, getting used to working with an animal this size, but I've been doing it for so many years now, it gets easier every day. As much as I love going on rescues, and bringing new elephants back to the sanctuary for the care and love they need, these can be dangerous and difficult – but despite the stress, it's always an adventure, and I wouldn't trade the experience of bringing elephants to safety for anything.
Is there an elephant you're particularly fond of?
I've learnt so much more about elephants since I started working here, and I've found it impossible not to love them all because they're all special and amazing in their own way. I suppose I'll always have a little extra love for Rajesh, since they and I started our journey here together. And with tusks like his, I also think he's the most handsome elephant I've seen yet.
What do you love most about your job?
I like everything about my job, working with elephants is fun and rewarding work. Target training is something I'd never heard of before- it's very interesting and I've found myself really enjoying working on it with the elephants. Going on rescues and being a part of the team is even better! I have so many stories to tell when I get back home 🙂
Dec. 8, 2015, 1:54 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 8, 2015, 1:54 PM GMT By Lakshmi Gandhi
For fans of early Bollywood, it's apparent that the lives and careers of the actores Sulochana—born Ruby Myers—and Pramila had much in common. Both achieved superstardom in the Indian film industry in an era where Indian women were often not seen outside of the home, both were known for their terrific dancing skills, and both had unprecedented control over their career.
"[Indian Jews] had such an explosion in the arts...They tried to become part of the new India.”
But perhaps, most significantly of all, both actores were members of India's tiny, yet influential, Jewish population — a community that would transform India's growing film world.
According to Elisabeth M. Stevens, curator of the new exhibit “Baghdadis & the Bene Israel in Bollywood and Beyond” at the Center for Jewish History in New York, “Sulochana was paid better than the Governor of Bombay at one point,” a fact that was breathlessly reported in the Indian press at the time about the actor who would go on to appear in 72 films over the course of their career.
“Baghdadis & the Bene Israel in Bollywood and Beyond,” which is on display at the Center for Jewish History through April 1, 2016, explores the role of two of India's oldest Jewish communities and their influence on show business at the time: the Baghdadis are the descendants of merchants who moved to India from Baghdad in the 18th and 19th centuries; the Bene Israel (which translates to "Sons of Israel") came to India several hundred years before that and were once the largest Jewish community in India.
Swedish prime minister has announced that they will call the country's first snap election in over half a century after parliament voted against their two-month-old government's budget.
Stefan Lofven announced on Wednesday that the parliamentary polls would be held on March 22, highly unusual for what is often considered one of Europe's most stable democracies.
The far-right Sweden Democrats party voted with the centre-right opposition with the aim of toppling the new coalition in response to the government's pro-immigration policies.
That meant 182 lawmakers voted against the government budget and only 153 in favour.
"The Sweden Democrats want the election to be a referendum on immigration," the party's interim leader Mattias Karlsson said, according to Swedish news agency TT.
Lofven on Wednesday lambasted the four parties in the centre-right opposition for allowing "the Sweden Democrats to get decisive influence".
"They are letting the Sweden Democrats dictate the conditions in Swedish politics," they said.
"I have taken responsibility all along and intend to continue taking responsibility for our country. I will not tacitly accept what is now happening on the right wing," they said.
'Clear failure'
The opposition, on the other hand, criticised Lofven's coalition for allowing the crisis to happen.
"This is a clear failure for the Social Democrats," said Annie Loof of the Centre Party, one of the parties in the opposition bloc, the Alliance.
"Their government's competence has really been put in question," they were quoted as saying by TT.
The anti-immigrant Sweden Democrats' move to rebel against the budget proposal was considered a major political breakthrough for the group that became the country's third-largest party in the 349-seat parliament in September's general elections.
Lofven became prime minister in October as head of a coalition with the Greens, promising to reverse many reforms by the previous centre-right government.
From the start, Lofven's minority government - which has 138 seats in parliament - was expected to struggle to push its agenda through.
With the support of the Left Party, which stands outside the cabinet, it controls 159 seats.
The centre-right opposition, has 141 seats, and the Sweden Democrats 49.
Today we begin seeking nominations for members of our new Consumer Advisory Board. We are looking to assemble a group of experts who can give us the outside guidance we'll need as we move forward with our work.
Read below to learn more about the Consumer Advisory Board and how to submit nominations.
Everyone at the CFPB appreciates the need to gain critical insight from the people and communities we serve, as well as experts in industry and government. With this in mind our staff speaks with consumers, industry representatives, and others in the field every day, and we hear from consumers who file complaints using the Consumer Response Center or Tell Your Story feature on our website. We also meet regularly with government officials at the local, state, and federal levels to hear their concerns and those of their constituents.
One way that the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act makes sure that we hear from a variety of experts with a variety of viewpoints is by requiring us to set up the Consumer Advisory Board. Today, we begin the process of setting up the Board to advise us and consult with us on consumer financial issues. Board members will provide the Bureau with information about emerging trends and practices in the financial-services and financial-products industries.
We are looking for Board members with diverse perspectives and innovative ideas. These nominees may have a background in one or more of the following areas: consumer protection, financial services, fair lending, civil rights, consumer financial products and services, or community development. If you or someone you know can offer us expert advice in any of these fields, let us know by submitting a nomination letter and a complete resume/CV to CABnominations@cfpb.gov by March 30, 2012.
You may also submit nominations by mail to this address by March 30, 2012:
Mail – ATTN: Monica Jackson/CAB Nominations
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau
1500 Pennsylvania Avenue NW (Attn: 1801 L Street)
Washington, DC 20220
Father-to-be misses birth of their son after being arrested for grabbing nurse's breasts on way to delivery room
Police said Adam Manning had first tried to touch the nurse's neck before launching the sex assault
A father missed the birth of their first son after being arrested for groping a nurse on the way to the delivery room.
Police said Adam Manning sexually assaulted the nurse as they wheeled their wife into the delivery room.
The 30 year old had told the nurse they were "cute" then reached round to grab them breasts.
Police in Ogden, Utah, were called to the hospital and arrested Manning on charges of forcible sexual assault.
When later asked about their actions they said they had no idea why they carried out the assault. Police confirmed that they missed the birth of their son.
Ogden Police Lieutenant Lt. Loring Draper said Manning had looked the nurse 'up an down' after arriving at the McKay-Dee hospital and made a comment about their appearance.
'He commented on how attractive they are, how cute they are,' Draper said.
Police said Manning had first tried to touch the nurse's neck before launching the sex assault.
'After the second time, the nurse asked what they were doing,' Draper said. 'The wife responded that they were just drunk.'
Draper said it is unclear whether Manning drove to the hospital intoxicated or if they were taken there by someone else.
Officers said Manning had looked the nurse 'up an down' after arriving at the McKay-Dee hospital and made a comment about their appearance
This week, I'll show you a few keyboard related tricks for editing in Xcode, including setting up multiple copy-and-paste buffers by adjusting the key mappings, switching tabs on or off for autocomplete and other text editing quirks in Xcode like understanding why the "End" key doesn't move to the end of the line on the Mac.
Key bindings, the cursor and Emacs
Standard text editing on the Mac obeys many more keyboard commands than most casual users realize. This is because the key bindings on the Mac derive from NeXTStep which chose to implement (where possible) a large number of the Emacs key bindings.
First developed in the 1970's, Emacs was designed for keyboards that lacked cursor and forward delete keys and computers that lacked a mouse. And, like its spiritual enemy in the world of text editing, Vi, Emacs was never a program to update its key bindings to stay current.
What this means is that text editing applications that use the standard Cocoa text editor — like TextEdit.app — and other more sophisticated text editors that support the operating system's default key bindings — like Xcode — support most of the Emacs key controls for navigating and editing — like Ctrl-F and Ctrl-B for forward and backward by one character or Ctrl-A and Ctrl-E for jump to the start or end of the paragraph.
Of course, most of this is pointless to ordinary users since the standard cursor and home keys will do this in a far less cryptic way.
For those of you who still scream at Xcode when the Home key doesn't move to the start of the line or get annoyed that the cursor doesn't move when using PageUp/PageDown, here's a quick refresher:
Key or combination Action ↑ cursor up ↓ cursor down ← cursor left → cursor right Command ← cursor to start of line Command → cursor to end of line Option ← cursor to start of previous word Option → cursor to end of previous word Control ← cursor to start of previous camel-case component (Xcode only — otherwise it works like Command ←) Control → cursor to end of previous camel-case component (Xcode only — otherwise it works like Command →) PageUp or Control ↑ scroll up one page, without moving the cursor PageDown or Control ↓ scroll down one page, without moving the cursor Home scroll to top of document, without moving the cursor End scroll to end of document, without moving the cursor Option-PageUp scroll up one page, moving cursor to center of new location Option-PageDown scroll down one page, moving cursor to center of new location Command ↑ move cursor to start of document Command ↓ move cursor to end of document Option ↑ move cursor to start of the paragraph (except in Xcode where it does nothing) Option ↓ move cursor to end of the paragraph (except in Xcode where it does nothing)
Due to the importance of the Home/End/PageUp/PageDown keys in text editing, I have no respect for Apple's choice to start shipping keyboards without these keys by default on new computers.
I wish there was a little more sense to these bindings. There almost are a few rules — like Control, Option and Command represent small, medium and largest increments in any direction and combinations involving the cursor keys move the cursor but Home/End/PageUp/PageDown combinations just scroll without moving the cursor — but sadly there are enough violations of these rules that you must simple learn them all by rote.
The ability to scroll the document without moving the cursor when desired on the Mac is an ability that I sorely miss when I'm stuck using Visual Studio or other development environments — in this other environment, my cursor always gets stranded when I quickly glance at another point in the document, whereas on the Mac I can just tap a left or right arrow to return to where I was.
Kill and yank
A side effect of bringing Emacs key bindings into Xcode though is that a few Emacs commands that don't have common Macintosh equivalents are brought in as well.
This includes kill and yank. Kill and yank are Ctrl-K and Ctrl-Y by default.
In most respects, kill and yank work like cut and paste. Kill something and it gets stored in your kill buffer, yank and the contents of your kill buffer are inserted at the current insertion point. If you have no selection, kill will delete from the cursor to the end of the line, otherwise it will only delete the selection. There are a few differences compared to cut-and-paste: you can't yank between applications (each application has its own, non-shared kill ring) and they store pure text only (no styled text, images or other copyable data).
In their default setup, kill and yank are like a second-rate extra cut-and-paste option. But correctly configured, you can have as many separate cut buffers as you want.
Setting up kill-and-yank
The first configuration change you need to make is to set up a binding for yankAndSelect: instead of ordinary yank: . We do this because yank: will only ever insert the most recently killed text whereas yankAndSelect: allows you to cycle through all stored buffers. You can do this in the "Xcode Preferences→Key Bindings→Text Key Bindings" but I prefer to make the binding System-wide by using the " /Developer/Applications/Utilities/Property List Editor.app " to create a file at " ~/Library/KeyBindings/DefaultKeyBinding.dict " that overrides the yank: command with a yankAndSelect: command.
The key string is actually caret-y, not Ctrl-Y. You may need to create the KeyBindings
directory in your Library directory as it is not there by default.
Update 2016/03/29: The "Property List Editor.app" is long gone. Xcode will still edit "Property List - Text" format files but Xcode wants them to have the ".plist" extension, rather than the ".dict" extension required for the "DefaultKeyBinding.dict" file. It's probably just easier to create a plain text file at the "DefaultKeyBinding.dict" path with the contents: { "^y" = "yankAndSelect:"; }
Both yank: and yankAndSelect: are standard commands on NSReponder , so this just exchanges one for another. In a totally bizarre twist of documentation, yankAndSelect: is an undocumented method (it's not in the Cocoa.h headers) that appears in the documentation where you are encouraged to use it as required.
The other step to make multiple kill buffers work is to specify how many buffers you want. By default, there is 1 but we want multiple buffers.
To do this, just add the key NSTextKillRingSize with a string or number value greater than 1 to any .plist file. For example, if you only want this behavior added to Xcode, add the line to the Xcode .plist file.
I like to add this like to my Global Preferences. To do this, type:
open ~/ Library / Preferences / . GlobalPreferences . plist
in a Terminal window (the file is hidden by default in the Finder so you need to open it like this unless you've turned the display of hidden files on).
The NSTextKillRingSize setting in my .GlobalPreferences.plist file.
With these changes, you can use Control-K to copy something to a kill buffer and then Control-Y to cycle through the last 3 items stored in your kill buffers (the collection of kill buffers is called the "kill ring"). You can use any number or kill buffers but large numbers may make cycling through the complete set harder (since you can only cycle through in one direction).
The Tab key binding in Xcode
While I'm talking about key bindings, one of the biggest shocks in Xcode 3.2 for me was the fact that the Tab key is configured by default to select the next Code Sense Completion, instead of inserting a Tab character.
This meant that if I had code like this:
and I hit the Tab key to indent the second line, it wouldn't indent — instead the autocomplete field would be selected.
I found this particularly frustrating since I normally use Ctrl-/ to select autocomplete fields, making the Tab key redundant as well as interfering.
Fortunately, Xcode supports a "Insert Tab without Extra Action" that is normally bound to Option-Tab which will only ever insert a Tab character (will never perform other UI actions). By exchanging the key bindings between "Insert Tab" and "Insert Tab without Extra Action", my complaint was solved.
On the topic of search and replace: a change to menus in Xcode 3.2 means that single file Search and Replace no longer appears in the menu (unless you're holding down the Control key, since its binding is now Ctrl-Command-F and "Ctrl" variants of menu items aren't shown unless "Ctrl" is held). This can make search and replace hard to find in Xcode 3.2. Another feature that has become harder to find are the search options — the little magnifying glass on the search field hides a popup menu that contains the essential options like "Ignore case".
A sideeffect of changing the tab bindings is that all text fields in the user interface — including the Search and Replace text fields — will change their behavior when the Tab key is pressed. Once the bindings are changed, Tab will no longer move the input focus from the search field to the replace field — it will instead insert the tab character into the selected field. This means that to jump from the Search field to the Replace field you will need to type Option-Tab. Of course, the ability to easily enter tab characters in the search field has its advantages too.
Conclusion
Text editing on the Mac is loaded with features that most people never use. While there's often no need to use many of the extra features, extra navigation options or extra kill-and-yank buffers can be useful additions.
The .GlobalPreferences.plist and global DefaultKeyBinding.dict files used to alter global key mappings provide a surprising amount of flexibility to applications that respect their content, like Xcode. You can use them to remap most key combinations to other commands if you choose. A corollary though: you should try to respect these dictionaries if writing your own custom text editor.
Not long after George Allen lost their U.S. Senate seat in Virginia in 2006, the Republican launched a private consulting business that bills itself as a “recognized leader in helping clients navigate the waters inside — and outside — the Beltway.”
Unlike many former lawmakers, Mr. Allen never registered as a lobbyist. An aide said they never wanted to be a lobbyist or run a lobbying firm. Still, Mr. Allen's firm, George Allen Strategies, does list on its website as a “principal” the federal lobbyist and former Allen aide Paul Unger.
Despite lobbying Mr. Allen's former colleagues in the Senate on behalf of George Allen Strategies in recent years, the former senator's consulting business isn't registered with Congress as a lobbying firm.
That's because, even with Mr. Unger listed as a principal of George Allen Strategies, they are a contractor, not a part owner or employee. But if Mr. Unger were on the payroll and doing the same work, Mr. Allen's firm would have to register as a lobbying firm — something political opponents likely would be quick to seize upon as Mr. Allen tries to reclaim their Senate seat, analysts say.
“That almost certainly would come up in a campaign,” said Dave Levinthal, a spokesperson for the nonpartisan Center for Responsive Politics. “The term lobbying, whether fair or not, has certain connotations in people's minds.
“There are plenty of people in the political-influence industry who do all they can to keep from having a big old scarlet letter L sewn into their suit, particularly if they have elected ambitions or if they just don't want to be labeled as a lobbyist,” they said.
Campaign finance and ethics analysts say it's legal for consulting firms to hire outside lobbyists, but they note that the arrangement at George Allen Strategies highlights the murkiness of federal lobbying registration rules.
“The Allen-Unger relationship appears to stretch evasion of the lobbying disclosure law to new heights,” said Craig Holman, legislative representative of the watchdog group Public Citizen. “George Allen Strategies cannot credibly hire one of its principals as an outside lobbyist and thereby avoid registration and disclosure requirements.
“I find the effort to do so truly stunning and should be immediately subject to legal scrutiny,” they said.
But Mr. Unger and a spokesperson for Mr. Allen said there were no political considerations at work and that the arrangement is perfectly legal. Indeed, they said, they've been fully transparent, disclosing in lobbying papers the identities of the George Allen Strategies clients for whom Mr. Unger has lobbied. In those forms, George Allen Strategies is listed as a client of Mr. Unger's firm in Washington.
“George Allen Strategies is a consulting firm but doesn't do lobbying,” said Allen campaign spokesperson Katie Wright.
If a client needed federal lobbying services, they said, George Allen Strategies would contract with Mr. Unger's firm in Washington, but Mr. Allen never lobbied. They said Mr. Allen viewed Mr. Unger as a trusted aide who “brought a deep knowledge base about issues relevant to some clients of George Allen Strategies.”
Senate lobbying forms show that Mr. Unger has received more than $100,000 in lobbying fees since 2009 lobbying for George Allen Strategies. The disclosure papers also say the work was for George Allen Strategies clients Reliable Partners LLC and Navigators Global LLC.
“Several years ago, I established my own lobbying firm which allows me to represent several clients and at times work with other firms like George Allen Strategies,” Mr. Unger wrote in an email to The Washington Times in response to inquiries about their lobbying work for Mr. Allen's firm.
“As George Allen's former legislative director, they were familiar with my understanding of relevant issues,” Mr. Unger wrote. “His firm, George Allen Strategies, offers clients strategic counsel and guidance but not lobbying. If the opportunity arose and their clients needed my expertise, George Allen Strategies might hire me on as an independent contractor to handle that aspect of the project. It was a good fit for me and my firm.”
The George Allen Strategies website does not state that it offers lobbying services, but it does make mention of Mr. Unger's work as a lobbyist. In addition to listing Mr. Unger as a principal, it details how the firm's strategic partnerships can help prospective clients.
The firm, based in the Old Town section of Alexandria, says that from 2007 to 2009, Mr. Unger was vice president of federal public affairs at McGuireWoods Consulting, where they “where they lobbied for a variety of business clients.”
The George Allen Strategies website says, “Along with our strategic partnerships, George Allen Strategies offers its clients an experienced team that can implement a comprehensive plan to get the results they wish to achieve.”
Fred Wertheimer, president of the District-based Democracy 21, a campaign finance watchdog group, called the outsourcing arrangement “rather confusing” considering that Mr. Unger is listed as a principal of George Allen Strategies.
“It's not the way you'd normally describe the word principal, as an independent contractor,” they said. “It looks like the firm is attempting to offer lobbying services for their clients without having to be treated as a lobbying firm.”
Melanie Sloan, executive director of the District-based Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, said it's not unusual for consulting firms to hire outside lobbyists.
“But usually there's more of an arm's-length relationship,” they said. “Here, it sounds like George Allen doesn't want anyone accusing them of being a lobbyist.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Nancy Grace is leaving their post at HLN and will move to a new media venture, the cable channel's sister network CNN confirmed Thursday.
Grace will depart from the network in October, when their current contract expires.
"This fall, I'll be leaving HLN, my longtime TV home, with a full heart and endless gratitude," Grace said in a statement Thursday. "The network has been my extended family for nearly a dozen years, and I am proud of the amazing work we've produced together."
They have hosted their eponymous true crime show, one of the network's most popular programs, on HLN since 2005. Before that, they served as a legal commentator for Court TV and in Atlanta as a prosecutor -- a career they pursued after their fiancé was murdered when they were 19.
She's not leaving the media spotlight anytime soon though.
"I will continue my fight for justice across a variety of traditional and new media, where victims' voices can reach an entirely engaged audience," they said.
They elaborated a bit on their next move in an interview with The Hollywood Reporter.
"I will always be wedded to a traditional platform — which is TV, God help me," they said. "My plan is to merge those two in an effective way, in my voice, the 'anti-crime' voice. Our show has never really been about me. It has been about the stories that we tell and the people we talk about and the mysteries we try to solve and the children we try to bring home."
On Court TV and on their current show, Grace has covered major crime events and is well-known for their coverage of the Elizabeth Smart kidnapping, Duke lacrosse rape allegations and Casey Anthony murder allegations. She's faced criticism for aggressively going after suspects in those cases and painting them as guilty before they faced trial.
The yearly battle over the US budget officially begins on February 2, when the president plans to send their fiscal 2016 funding proposal to Congress, where it will be torn to shreds or ignored entirely.
While the annual drama involves trillions of dollars, it's usually of limited interest to far-flung governments around the world. Not this year, though, thanks to a budget line item whose fate will be closely tracked by an international audience.
US President Barack Obama faces a budget battle over climate fund. Credit:AP
The line item of interest is President Barack Obama's expected request for money for the Green Climate Fund, which is a key component in the push for a global agreement this year to limit global warming. The fund is meant to collect and distribute money from developed nations to help poorer and developing countries lower future carbon emissions and prevent further damage from the effects of climate change.
It's unclear how much GCF money will be included in the upcoming budget, but Obama pledged to provide $US3 billion ($3.65 billion) over the next four years. Whatever the amount, it will be under attack from congressional Republicans who question the science behind climate change and have vowed to block any related funding, including Obama's pledge to the GCF.
While the ultimate decision-making of the Kimberley Process is in the hands of the countries, diamond industry groups and advocacy groups serve as observers; they take part in compliance missions to mining sites, participate in official meetings and contribute to reports and decisions.
The advocacy groups have complained for years that member countries lacked the political will to prevent one another from breaking the rules, and that the diamond industry was using the process as an excuse for turning a blind eye.
Many traders and dealers are “hiding behind the Kimberley Process,” Ms. Dunnebacke said, and do not check on the actual sources of the diamonds they handle.
“The industry taking responsibility and acting on cleaning up the diamond supply chain is really essential here,” they added. “They've just been saying, ‘We have the Kimberley Process for diamonds, so that's that — we've solved the problem of blood diamonds.' ”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Some within the Kimberley Process say it needs an overhaul. Currently, diamonds are only classified as “conflict diamonds” when the violence surrounding them is fueled by rebel groups, not when governments are responsible, as many human rights activists argue is the case in Zimbabwe.
Farai Maguwu, the director of the Center for Research and Development, based in Zimbabwe, which is also a member of the Kimberley Process, said that while they believed Global Witness's withdrawal would not bring down the whole system, it was “a very big blow.”
“The Kimberley Process will never be the same,” Mr. Maguwu said. “A very influential member of the Kimberley Process has cast a vote of no confidence.”
They said they did not foresee a wider exodus, though their group and others share many of Global Witness's concerns.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“We are simply trying to redefine our relationship with the Kimberley Process and see what is possible to be delivered by the Kimberley Process and what is not possible,” Mr. Maguwu said. “We feel that our presence within the Kimberley Process is still making some impact, though we are not getting everything that we want.”
The rotating chairpersonship of the Kimberley Process is held by Congo. A man who answered one phone number for Congo's representatives to the process said they could not comment; calls to the delegation's other numbers were not answered on Monday. The chairpersonship will pass to the United States on Jan. 1.
Michael Mann, a spokesperson for Catherine Ashton, the European Union's high representative for foreign affairs and security policy, wrote in an e-mail on Monday that the Kimberley Process “may not be a perfect instrument, but it is the best we have, and therefore all parties, including civil society, should work to make it effective.”
Mr. Mann added, “Abandoning it doesn't help achieve that common goal.”
When the new Nokia Imaging SDK was released I was really excited to start using it within one of my apps. Unlike most, I was not interested in the image filters that change how it looks. I was initially interested in using the resize and crop functionality it had. The day after it was released my wife had surgery, so I had a good amount of time to play with the SDK while I sat in the waiting room. What I wanted to accomplish that was to take a random photo from the users phone, crop and resize it to fit the device and set it as the lockscreen. I know that you can set any image to be the lockscreen and if the image is too big, it will center the image. I needed to do it manually because I wanted to overlay information on the image.
Getting the random image is pretty easy. We'll just get one from the MediaLibrary.
private Picture GetRandomImage() { var rand = new Random(DateTime.Now.Millisecond); MediaLibrary library = new MediaLibrary(); var album = library.RootPictureAlbum; int albumIndex = rand.Next(0, album.Albums.Count - 1); album = album.Albums[albumIndex]; var pictureIndex = rand.Next(0, album.Pictures.Count - 1); var picture = album.Pictures[pictureIndex]; return picture; }
Now that we have a Picture, we need to crop and resize it. All actions with an image are done through an EditingSession. You create an EditingSession with the EditingSessionFactory. The EditingSession has two key methods that allow us to crop and/or resize any image to fit the phone screen. The AddFilter method will allow us to crop the image while the RenderToJpegAsync method will allow us to resize the image. The AddFilter method is bar far the best part of the SDK. It allows you to do anything to the image., and I do mean anything. The method takes an IFilter as an argument. Lucky for us you can create a cropping filter. To create a cropping filter, you need to specify an area that will be the crop.
/// <summary> /// Returns the area needed to crop an image to the desired height and width. /// </summary> /// <param name="imageSize">The size of the image.</param> /// <param name="desiredSize">The desired size to crop the image to.</param> /// <returns></returns> private static Rect? GetCropArea(Size imageSize, Size desiredSize) { // how big is the picture compared to the phone? var widthRatio = desiredSize.Width / imageSize.Width; var heightRatio = desiredSize.Height / imageSize.Height; // the ratio is the same, no need to crop it if (widthRatio == heightRatio) return null ; double cropWidth; double cropheight; if (widthRatio < heightRatio) { cropheight = imageSize.Height; cropWidth = desiredSize.Width / heightRatio; } else { cropheight = desiredSize.Height / widthRatio; cropWidth = imageSize.Width; } int left = ( int )(imageSize.Width - cropWidth) / 2; int top = ( int )(imageSize.Height - cropheight) / 2; var rect = new Windows.Foundation.Rect(left, top, cropWidth, cropheight); return rect; }
Now, given the Picture from the MediaLibrary, we can crop it using the Nokia Imaging SDK.
/// <summary> /// Crops a Picture to the desired size. /// </summary> /// <param name="picture">The Picture to crop.</param> /// <returns>A copy of the Picture which is cropped.</returns> private static async Task<IBuffer> CropPicture(Picture picture, Size desiredSize) { using (var stream = picture.GetImage()) { using (EditingSession session = await EditingSessionFactory.CreateEditingSessionAsync(stream)) { // Get the crop area of the image, we need to ensure that // the image does not get skewed Rect? rect = GetCropArea( new Size(picture.Width, picture.Height), desiredSize); if (rect.HasValue) { IFilter filter = FilterFactory.CreateCropFilter(rect.Value); session.AddFilter(filter); } // We always want the image to be the size of the phone. // That may mean that it needs to be scaled up also var finalImageSize = new Size(desiredSize.Width, desiredSize.Height); return await session.RenderToJpegAsync(finalImageSize, OutputOption.PreserveAspectRatio); } } }
Again, the CropPicture method is generic, allowing for any size. This method could easily be an extension method on the Picture. Now we need to wrap everything up by calling these methods with the phone size. There are already examples of getting the resolution of the phone, so I won't go into that. Now just put the pieces together.
private async Task<Stream> GetRandomLockscreen() { // Get the width and height of the phone double phoneWidth = Resolution.PhoneWidth; double phoneHeight = Resolution.PhoneHeight; Picture mediaPicture = GetRandomImage(); IBuffer croppedImage = await CropPicture(mediaPicture, new Size(phoneWidth, phoneHeight)); if (croppedImage == null ) return null ; return croppedImage.AsStream(); }
From there you can save the image to disk, and then maybe save it as a lockscreen. While this code works great, do not expect it to work in a background task. Here is the one place where the imaging SDK falls short. I was wanting to use the SDK in a background task. Background tasks are limited on the amount of resources allowed. The biggest limitation is the memory constraint. Working with images is very memory intensive, especially in C#. So when trying to manipulate an image in a background task, you can quickly run out of memory. I was hoping the imaging SDK would help alleviate some of these issues by working with images smarter. Instead of reading in every pixel of the image and then processing it, it should read n rows of pixels from the stream and then process those rows. This is a hard thing to accomplish, but I'm hoping the awesome people at Nokia can update their SDK to allow for this.
What role will nuclear energy play in the future? For some it's a key question that should be on the table for next week's climate conference in Paris.
Essentially, world leaders will have to choose between atomic and renewable energy; a move welcomed by critics who say it is too risky as an energy source.
Cyrille Cormier, is a energy and climate specialist for Greenpeace: “Nuclear energy is dangerous and dirty. It produces nuclear waste which is dangerous because we don't know how to store it safely in the long-term, it has to be managed for between 100 and 1,000 years in some cases. Everyone knows that it's also an energy which can cause terrible accidents.
The 2011 Fukushima nuclear disaster pushed many countries to draw up phase-out plans or a massive switch to renewables.
But industry advocates say as a low carbon energy, nuclear should have a future.
General Secretary of the French Nuclear Energy Society (SFEN) Valerie Faudon said: “Many people believe we can resolve the climate challenge with only renewable and energy efficiency. The fact is that the climate challenge is a huge challenge. According to the IPCC (Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change) by 2050, 80 percent of worldwide electricity should be low carbon and it's only 30 percent today.
However. the demise of nuclear energy may be more linked to money. Costs for solar and wind energy have plummeted while the price of producing nuclear has soared because of increasing safety requirements.
For more on the causes and consequences of climate change
http://www.ademe.fr/en/node/114694
Scientists analysed a 'hobbit'-sized skull found in Indonesia back in 2004 have claimed that it is a Alien Skull-Not Human.
The fossil was discovered in Indonesia and named Homo floresiensis, or 'hobbit', but its species was not known.
Now researchers at the Department of Anatomical Sciences at Stony Brook University claim the shape of skull is consistent with a scaled-down human ancestor but not with modern humans, Science Daily reports.
They used 3-D shape analysis to study the size, shape and asymmetry of the cranium.
They compared it with other extinct homini species as well as with modern humans and apes.
Karen Baab said: 'The overall shape of the skull, particularly the part that surrounds the brain looks similar to fossils more than 1.5 million years older from Africa and Eurasia, rather than modern humans, even though Homo floresiensis is documented from 17,000 to 95,000 years ago.'
The researchers believe their findings counter one scientific theory that says the creature was a diminutive human that had suffered microcephaly, which leads to a smaller cranium.
They concluded that the skull had not suffered microcephaly because the difference between its right and left sides were not as great as would be expected in that case.
Dr Baab recognised, however, that the controversy as to the evolutionary origins of the 'hobbit' will continue.
The results of the study correspond with findings made about the rest of the creature's skeleton.
A range of primitive features have been documented in both the upper and lower limbs of Homo floresiensis, highlighting the many ways that these hominins were unlike modern humans.
Hundreds of teachers have criminal convictions and many are not fit to teach, newly released figures show.
Teachers have been investigated for sexual misconduct, violence, drug and alcohol abuse, incompetence, dishonesty and viewing pornography in the past two years.
The number of complaints has jumped by about half since the Teachers Council was set up in 2002 to vet teachers and independently investigate allegations of serious misconduct.
Of the 664 teachers whose behaviour triggered complaints since November 2009, nearly 300 were convicted of criminal offences.
Fourteen were struck off the Teachers Council register for serious code-of-conduct breaches or criminal offending. In total, nearly 50 teachers were stripped of their teaching licences in the past two years alone.
High-profile cases of misbehaving teachers include:
- A female teacher became pregnant with a 17-year-old high school pupil's child after they put the school yearbook together.
- A male teacher was caught with more than 200 pornographic images, including a videotape of their daughter and two foreign exchange students taking showers.
- Other cases include teachers viewing bestiality, committing theft, driving drunk and abusing illicit drugs.
Teachers' unions say their members are often targeted by aggrieved parents with spurious allegations. The complaint process could be personally "traumatic" and professionally damaging.
About 260 complaints, some vexatious, were dismissed in the past two years.
However, dozens of other teachers were formally censured for misconduct, referred for competency mentoring or referred to an impairment committee for medical or addiction reasons. Others agreed to voluntarily undergo monitoring because of concerns about their behaviour or teaching ability.
Figures released under the Official Information Act show 293 teachers were referred to the Teachers Council for criminal convictions. They included violence, sexual offending, drug and alcohol offences, pornography and dishonesty.
Teacher conduct sparked 277 complaints, including violence, dishonesty, sexual conduct, alcohol and drugs and pornography. Competency issues triggered a further 103 complaints.
Teachers Council director Peter Lind said every complaint was investigated initially by a complaints assessment committee. Most teachers met high standards and the number of complaints was small given the 100,000-strong teacher workforce.
The New Zealand Educational Institute (NZEI), which represents primary teachers, says schools sometimes make unpopular decisions regarding pupils, and teachers can be targeted unfairly by vexatious parental complaints.
"Sometimes the outcome for their children is not what they want from the school," NZEI national president Ian Leckie said. The union supported any initiative that vetted out serious criminals or inappropriate individuals from the profession.
Post Primary Teachers Association president Robin Duff said it was vital problems with errant teaches were investigated swiftly.
ROLL OF SHAME
A Northland teacher kissed a 15-year-old girl on a mattress, and their wife, the principal, failed to act, tearing up a written complaint. John Hone Riiwi Toia Mutu and their wife Deborah Anne Mutu were both deregistered for serious misconduct and ordered to pay $20,000 each in costs after a hearing in October.
Christchurch maths teacher Gerard Coulson resigned from Rangi Ruru Girls' School last February after being confronted about an affair with an 18-year-old pupil. A mobile phone photograph of the pair in bed was believed to have circulated at the school.
A married male teacher was deregistered in December 2010 after they "counselled" a pupil who had been in an incestuous relationship by having sex with them in their car and on a classroom floor during school time.
Two other married, male teachers were deregistered the same year. One had an intimate relationship with a year 8 girl they called their "first true love". The other had a sexual relationship with a depressed 16-year-old female pupil.
North Korea is believed to be expanding a uranium-enrichment centrifuge plant at its Yongbyon nuclear complex while trying apparently to renovate its 5-megawatt nuclear reactor for plutonium production, a U.S. think tank said Wednesday.
The Institute for Science and International Security (ISIS) also said in a report that the communist nation is continuing construction of a light water nuclear reactor at Yongbyon. The think tank cited commercial satellite imagery dated June 30.
The "satellite imagery, combined with procurement data obtained by ISIS, suggests that North Korea is emphasizing the production of weapons-grade plutonium as well as enriched uranium for its nuclear weapons program," the report said.
The imagery showed construction activities continuing in the centrifuge plant, it said.
Though the North has said the enrichment plant is dedicated to making low-enriched uranium for the light water reactor, it could produce uranium intended for further enrichment to weapons-grade, it said.
Signs of activity near the centrifuge plant include the removal of possible construction objects detected in April and the ongoing construction of a new roof seemingly connecting the centrifuge building and a nearby building, the ISIS said.
The think tank also said the 5-megawatt reactor is believed to be in operation as the satellite imagery showed water being discharged nearby. The discharge is believed to be part of the reactor's secondary cooling system, it said.
"It is hard to determine the operational status of the reactor and thus to estimate the amount of plutonium produced by the reactor," it said. "However, it is reasonable to assume that North Korea is renovating this reactor so as to achieve the reactor's previous level of plutonium production."
One indication of renovation is that the North has apparently remodeled the reactor's cooling system, including replacing a steam line out of the reactor, ISIS said.
For the last few years, the North has been procuring equipment for the 5-megawatt reactor, and those procurements are related to replacing aging equipment in the reactor and ensuring that it can manufacture additional fuel for it, it said. (Yonhap)
Homefront: The Revolution has been officially confirmed to be in development for Mac & Linux. A recent press release from the publisher confirmed the launch date for the PC version, and that “native Mac and Linux versions are also in development.” While I have personally head rumors of a Mac version of this game, nothing was official until now.
The original Homefront was a shooter from 2011 that did not find much success despite its unique premise. I have played the original and it is an okay game, but I very much look forward to a sequel as I do love the setting.
As far as I know, this will be the first game on OS X to use CRYENGINE. While some others are also listed as in-development such as SNOW and Kingdom Come: Deliverance, there is no official confirmation as of yet. This is the first one that I've seen. Hype!
“Homefront: The Revolution is scheduled for release on May 17th in North America, and May 20th in all other territories on Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and Windows PC. Native Mac and Linux versions are also in development.”
This would seem to indicate that the Mac/Linux versions will not be launching alongside the PC version, but rather sometime later. Still, that is exciting news because this looks like a pretty awesome shooter/coop shooter title.
Homefront: The Revolution is available to pre-order on Steam for $59.99.
I'll post more about the game as I know more in relation to the Mac/Linux versions. You can watch (an age-restricted) trailer below.
Every three years, the Royal Institute of Navigation organizes a conference focussed solely on animals. This April, the event was held southwest of London, at Royal Holloway College, whose ornate Victorian-era campus has appeared in “Downton Abbey.” For several days, the world's foremost animal-navigation researchers presented their data and findings in a small amphitheatre. Most of the talks dealt with magnetoreception—the ability to sense Earth's weak but ever-present magnetic field—in organisms as varied as mice, salmon, pigeons, frogs, and cockroaches. This marked a change from previous years, Richard Nissen, a member of the Institute, told me, when a range of other navigation aids were part of the discussion: landmarks, olfactory cues, memory, genetics, polarized light, celestial objects. “Everyone now seems completely sold on the idea that animal navigation is based on magnetism,” Nissen said. Human-centric as it sounds, most of the conference's attendees believe that animals possess a kind of compass.
Scientists have sought for centuries to explain how animals, particularly migratory species, find their way with awesome precision across the globe. Examples of these powers abound. Bar-tailed godwits depart from the coastal mudflats of northern Alaska in autumn and set out across the Pacific Ocean, flying for eight days and nights over featureless water before arriving in New Zealand, seven thousand miles away. If the birds misjudge their direction by even a few degrees, they can miss their target. Arctic terns travel about forty thousand miles each year, from the Arctic to the Antarctic and back again. And odysseys of this sort are not limited to the feathered tribes. Some leatherback turtles leave the coast of Indonesia and swim to California, more than eight thousand miles away, then return to the very beaches where they hatched. Dragonflies and monarch butterflies follow routes so long that they die along the way; their great-grandchildren complete the journey.
Although the notion of a biocompass was widely disparaged in the first half of the twentieth century, the evidence in favor of it has since become quite strong. In the early nineteen-sixties, a German graduate student named Wolfgang Wiltschko began conducting experiments with European robins, which they thought might find their way by picking up radio waves that emanated from the stars. Instead, Wiltschko discovered that if they put the robins in cages equipped with a Helmholtz coil—a device for creating a uniform magnetic field—the birds would change their orientation when they switched the direction of north. By the start of this century, seventeen other species of migratory bird, as well as honeybees, sharks, skates, rays, snails, and cave salamanders, had been shown to possess a magnetic sense. In fact, practically every animal studied by scientists today demonstrates some capacity to read the geomagnetic field. Red foxes almost always pounce on mice from the northeast. Carp floating in tubs at fish markets in Prague spontaneously align themselves in a north-south axis. So do dogs when they crouch to relieve themselves, and horses, cattle, and deer when they graze—except if they are under high-voltage power lines, which have a disruptive influence.
The only problem is that no one can seem to locate the compass. “We are still crying out for how do they do this,” Joseph Kirschvink, a geobiologist at the California Institute of Technology, said. “It's a needle in the haystack.” Kirschvink meant this almost literally. In 1981, as a Ph.D. student at Princeton University, they proposed that magnetite, a naturally occurring oxide of iron that they had found in honeybees and homing pigeons, was the basis of the biocompass. Even a handful of magnetite crystals, they wrote at the time, could do the trick. “One equivalent of a magnetic bacteria can give a whale a compass—one cell,” they told me. “Good luck finding it.” Even in animals smaller than a whale, this is no easy task. Throughout the two-thousands, researchers pointed to the presence of iron particles in the olfactory cells of rainbow trout, the brains of mole rats, and the upper beaks of homing pigeons. But when scientists at the Research Institute of Molecular Pathology, in Vienna, took a closer look, slicing and examining the beaks of hundreds of pigeons, they found that the iron-rich cells were likely the product of an immune response—nothing to do with the biocompass. The study's lead researcher, David Keays, has since turned their focus to iron-containing neurons inside the pigeons' ears.
The search for the biocompass has extended to even smaller scales, too. In 1978, the German biophysicist Klaus Schulten proposed that birds' innate sense of direction was chemical in nature. According to their theory, incoming light would hit some sort of sensory mechanism, which Schulten hadn't yet pinpointed, and induce a transfer of electrons, triggering the creation of a radical pair—two molecules, each with an extra electron. The electrons, though slightly separated, would spin in synchrony. As the bird moved through the magnetic field, the orientation of the spinning electrons would be modulated, providing the animal with feedback about its direction. For the next twenty years, it remained unclear which molecules could be responsible for such a reaction. Then, in 2000, Schulten suggested an answer—cryptochromes, a newly discovered class of proteins that respond to blue light. Cryptochromes have since been found in the retinas of monarch butterflies, fruit flies, frogs, birds, and even humans. They are the only candidate so far with the right properties to satisfy Schulten's theory. But the weakest magnetic field that affects cryptochromes in the laboratory is still twenty times stronger than Earth's magnetic field. Peter Hore, a chemist at Oxford University, told me that establishing cryptochromes as the biocompass will require at least another five years of research.
At the conference, the magnetite and cryptochrome researchers made up distinct camps, each one quick to point out the opposing theory's deficiencies. One person stood alone: Xie Can, a biophysicist at Peking University. Xie spent six years developing a kind of unified model of magnetic animal navigation. Last year, they published a paper in Nature Materials describing a protein complex that they dubbed MagR, which consists of iron crystals enveloped in a double helix of cryptochrome—the two main theories rolled into one. Xie has yet to win over other researchers, some of whom believe that their findings are the result of iron oxide contaminating their lab experiments. (Keays has said that they will eat their hat if MagR is proved to be the real magnetoreceptor.) But at the end of the conference, with one mystery of animal navigation after another left unanswered, Xie told me that they felt more confident than ever of their and their colleagues' model. “If we are right, we can explain everything,” they said. Michael Walker, a biologist at the University of Auckland, was more circumspect. If history is any indication, they said, many of the current hypotheses about how the biocompass works will turn out to be wrong.
Role of Facebook, Twitter and BlackBerrys in UK violence to be examined by home secretary Theresa May
Facebook has responded to David Cameron's calls for a clampdown on social networking sites by saying it has already actively removed several "credible threats of violence" related to the riots across England.
The prime minister told parliament on Thursday that Facebook, Twitter and Research in Motion (Rim), the maker of BlackBerry devices, should take more responsibility for content posted on their networks, warning the government would look to ban people from major social networks if they were suspected of inciting violence online.
The home secretary, Theresa May, is to hold meetings with the three companies within weeks.
The police have promised to track down those suspected of inciting the violence on Twitter, but much of the planning for the disturbances took place in the relatively private world of the BlackBerry Messenger service.
A Facebook spokesperson said: "We look forward to meeting with the home secretary to explain the measures we have been taking to ensure that Facebook is a safe and positive platform for people in the UK at this challenging time.
"In recent days, we have ensured any credible threats of violence are removed from Facebook and we have been pleased to see the very positive uses millions of people have been making of our service to let friends and family know they are safe and to strengthen their communities."
Mike Conradi, partner and telecoms specialist at the London law firm DLA Piper, said that emergency measures to stop rioters communicating on social media sites would require legislation and threaten free speech.
Conradi said: "What David Cameron appears to be wanting is a police power to trawl through millions of messages – ideally in real time – to prevent possible criminal activity. I don't believe that any such power exists and nor would I want there to be one. Parliament would have to pass new legislation and I would certainly warn against that. That gets the balance wrong in terms of free speech and security.It would certainly put the UK in a difficult position in terms of talking to authoritarian regimes and trying to convince them not to turn off their networks."
Current powers allow Rim and others to identify people who may be worth further investigation and potential prosecution without looking at the contents of their messages.
Cameron's move to curb social media was backed by the opposition. Ivan Lewis, the shadow culture secretary, said: "Free speech is central to our democracy but so is public safety and security. We support the government's decision to undertake a review of whether measures are necessary to prevent the abuse of social media by those who organise and participate in criminal activities."
The only organisation which regularly removes illegal content from websites within hours of its discovery is the Internet Watch Foundation, which combats images of child abuse. Funded by internet service providers, mobile operators and other web businesses, it has no legal powers. Any co-operation is voluntary.
It uses "notice and take down procedures", which have been widely adopted in the US and Europe to protect internet publishers from being held liable for hosting illegally copied material. Most websites, if contacted with a complaint about their content, take down the material.
Efforts to control messaging during riots are likely to focus on social media rather than mobile phone companies, because there is no simple procedure for police to cut off individual phones at short notice.
Vodafone Group communications director Matt Peacock said: "It is not possible to cut off access to an individual subscriber if the police don't even know who that person is, as would seem highly likely in the middle of a riot with hundreds of masked youths running around the streets.
"In any case, the police must follow a legal process in order to require operators to disclose individual subscriber information. It's an important process, designed to protect customers' privacy, and it's proven and robust. However, it isn't designed to operate in the context of this kind of fast-moving and highly volatile civil disorder."
Powers do exist in the UK and most other countries to order the shut down of entire networks or individual base stations, blocking all traffic in a particular area. These are seen as a last resort.
Vodafone and other carriers were widely criticised for shutting their Egyptian networks during anti-government demonstrations.
This question originally appeared on Quora.
Answer by Gayle Laakmann McDowell, founder and CEO of CareerCup, and the author of Cracking the Coding Interview and The Google Resume:
There are roughly three types of people who hate feminism:
those who actually hate it.
those who think they do, but actually don't.
those who say they do but really just find it somewhat problematic.
The second and third groups are where most people who say they hate feminism fall.
What is feminism?
Wikipedia has a good definition of Feminism:
Feminism is a collection of movements and ideologies aimed at defining, establishing, and defending equal political, economic, and social rights for women. This includes seeking to establish equal opportunities for women in education and employment. A feminist is “an advocate or supporter of the rights and equality of women”.
That doesn't sound that bad, does it? I'll bet most of us here are on board with that. Don't you support equal rights for woman? Then you, too, are a feminist. Almost every single person I know is a feminist. At least, I sure hope they are!
That's not just what the definition says. That's really what it is. Read a feminist blog like Feministing.com and you'll see stories like this:
The latest updates on a case about a girl who was raped by their religious leader
An article responding to a NY Times editorial that expressed concern about the plunging birth rate
An article about a “white student group” at a university
A 13 year old's push for gender neutral advertising (Easy Bake Ovens only portraying girls, etc)
An article about gun culture, in response to the murder-suicide involving a football player
Basically, if you read feminism websites, it's a mix of articles relating to “women's issues” (abortion rights, birth control rights, gender equality, rape / sexual assault, etc), and a number of others with related issues (racism, etc).
Sure, some of these issues may not be things that you are passionate about, and that's okay. But, you can hopefully understand why some rational, sane people do care.
Why some people think they hate feminism (but actually don't).
Unfortunately, feminism has a bad reputation among some people – both women and men. Although feminism is really just about advocating for equality, some people think it's more than that.
Specifically, some people think that feminism involves:
A belief that women's rights are more important than men's rights. (It doesn't. It does advocate more for women's rights, but that's largely because women in fact have fewer rights in most – but not all – things.)
(It doesn't. It does advocate more for women's rights, but that's largely because women in fact have fewer rights in most – but not all – things.) A belief that women are absolutely equal to men in all ways. (It doesn't. The vast majority of feminists believe, for example, that the average person is stronger than the average woman and that this is a genetic fact.)
(It doesn't. The vast majority of feminists believe, for example, that the average person is stronger than the average woman and that this is a genetic fact.) A belief that men are bad, evil, or out to harm women. (It doesn't. Period.)
Yes, there are “radical feminists” who may believe some of these things. I've never met any of them, but I'm sure they exist. This is not a reason to hate feminism though. Do you hate Islam because there are “radical muslims” who commit terrorist actions? You can't judge a group as a whole based on the views of the extremists.
There's a lot of people who think they hate feminism because they hear about the extremists. Interestingly, they rarely actually hear from the extremists. They just hear rumors about what these extremists believe.
Why some people actually hate feminism.
Again, recall the definition of feminism. It's just about supporting equal rights for men and women. That's it.
If you hate feminism – as a belief set – you're saying that you don't support equal rights. And there are people who don't support equal rights for women. These often include:
Religious extremists, who believe that women are inherently inferior based on their religious texts.
People who benefit from women being inferior to men. This includes both men and women. For example, this could include women who want to be financially supported, and men who want to feel valued because of their financial support.
This includes both men and women. For example, this could include women who want to be financially supported, and men who want to feel valued because of their financial support. People who are opposed to abortion, sex before marriage, etc. You can be pro-life and a feminist. But, some people might be categorically opposed to feminism because the majority of feminist are pro-choice, pro-contraception, pro-sex worker rights, etc.
Why some people say they hate feminism, but really just find it problematic in certain ways.
I call myself a feminist, but I don't support everything that every feminist thinks and does in the name of feminism. Do you, as a member of the ________ religion / as an atheist / as an agnostic support everything that everyone else of that religious belief does in the name of it? Probably not.
It's okay to be a member of a group and not support everything that that group does. In fact, that's probably a sign of a healthy attitude and independent thinking.
The things that people find problematic about feminism include:
They think it divides men and women more.
My response: It probably does, in some ways. Does advocating for black right divide blacks from whites and other non-black groups? To the extent that it focuses on one group's rights and not the others, or creates hostile feelings, it might divide groups in some ways. But, if it makes progress towards achieving its goals, it might also bring people together. No doubt, black people and white people are more unified now as a result of the civil rights movement.
My response: It probably does, in some ways. Does advocating for black right divide blacks from whites and other non-black groups? To the extent that it focuses on one group's rights and not the others, or creates hostile feelings, it might divide groups in some ways. But, if it makes progress towards achieving its goals, it might also bring people together. No doubt, black people and white people are more unified now as a result of the civil rights movement. They think it emphasizes women being victims.
My response: It certainly does. It talks about specific times that women (and girls, and boys, and non-white people, etc) were victimized. There is cost to this, sure. But the benefits of talking about rape, abuse, sexual assault, abortion rights, conception rights, etc may outweigh the costs.
My response: It certainly does. It talks about specific times that women (and girls, and boys, and non-white people, etc) were victimized. There is cost to this, sure. But the benefits of talking about rape, abuse, sexual assault, abortion rights, conception rights, etc may outweigh the costs. They are opposed to certain issues that feminists actually advocate. My response: I'm also opposed to some issues that feminists advocate. That doesn't mean I don't identify, by and all large, with the issues of feminism. It's okay to be a feminist and not support every belief that's theoretically “part of” feminism! You can be pro-life and a feminist. You can be okay with very gendered advertising (only showing girls in commercials for dolls) and be a feminist. That's okay! Feminism does not have a set of required beliefs.
My response: I'm also opposed to some issues that feminists advocate. That doesn't mean I don't identify, by and all large, with the issues of feminism. It's okay to be a feminist and not support every belief that's theoretically “part of” feminism! You can be pro-life and a feminist. You can be okay with very gendered advertising (only showing girls in commercials for dolls) and be a feminist. That's okay! Feminism does not have a set of required beliefs. They are frustrated that feminists don't advocate more for male rights.
My response:
(1) Yeah, this is partially valid. Feminists could probably do more to discuss issues like prison rape (which is a largely male issue). They do, however, discuss issues like men being discouraged from being stayed at home parents. They could probably do this more though.
(2) Feminists may not do it enough, but they may also do more than any other group to advocate for male rights.
(3) Part of the reason, of course, why they don't do this more is that men do have more rights.
My response: (1) Yeah, this is partially valid. Feminists could probably do more to discuss issues like prison rape (which is a largely male issue). They do, however, discuss issues like men being discouraged from being stayed at home parents. They could probably do this more though. (2) Feminists may not do it enough, but they may also do more than any other group to advocate for male rights. (3) Part of the reason, of course, why they don't do this more is that men do have more rights. They think that there are “bigger problems in the world, like war and famine.”
My response:
(1) Empathy is not a finite thing. Having empathy for one cause doesn't make it less likely that you'll have empathy for another. It makes it more likely.
(2) Roughly 50% of the people in the world are female. Thus, differential rights / treatment / etc affects, to some degree, 50% of the people in this world. If you throw in there the male consequences of women's rights / treatment (unexpected pregnancies, the obligation to financially provide, being effectively prohibit from being the primary caretaker, the expectation that men should be “strong and unemotional”), it affects virtually everyone in the world. Even if you think the impact is minor for many of these people, it's still seems like a pretty huge issue.
My response: (1) Empathy is not a finite thing. Having empathy for one cause doesn't make it less likely that you'll have empathy for another. It makes it more likely. (2) Roughly 50% of the people in the world are female. Thus, differential rights / treatment / etc affects, to some degree, 50% of the people in this world. If you throw in there the male consequences of women's rights / treatment (unexpected pregnancies, the obligation to financially provide, being effectively prohibit from being the primary caretaker, the expectation that men should be “strong and unemotional”), it affects virtually everyone in the world. Even if you think the impact is minor for many of these people, it's still seems like a pretty huge issue. They think that, in developed countries, women have it pretty good. So they think feminists need to “get over” the little issues.
My response:
(1) Feminism is also addressing the problems of women in Saudi Arabia, India, and other countries. It's not just concerned with the issues of Western women.
(2) “Pretty good” compared to the past? Certainly. Things are getting better. But last I checked, a bunch of my friends have been raped or sexually assaulted, Mississippi's only abortion clinic is likely about to be shut down due to some anti-abortion legislation, large areas of the countries don't teach sex ed, and politicians are still advocating against the HPV vaccine that saves lives. So sure, things are good relative to the past. But they could still be a lot better.
(3) Since when is “things are much better than they used to be” a reason to stop trying to make things even better? “Hey, Microsoft. Windows 7 is so much better than Windows ME. Why not just stop trying?”
Yes, there are valid reasons to think that feminism causes some problems. It does. Of course it does. So does religion – and the lack of religion. So do democrats and republicans. So does everything. Every movement comes with benefits and costs.
One can find some parts problematic and still believe that the benefits of equal rights (and advocating / supporting this) outweighs the costs. That's all that it takes to be a feminist.
Notice how none of this response dealt with why women, specifically, hate feminism? Because there was no need to unnecessarily divide here. Women and men can hate feminism for the very same reasons!
More questions on Feminism:
WASHINGTON—At a time when widespread polling data suggests that a majority of the U.S. populace no longer trusts the federal government, a Pew Research Center report has found that the vast majority of the federal government doesn't trust the U.S. populace all that much either.
According to the poll—which surveyed members of the judicial, legislative, and executive branches—9 out of 10 government officials reported feeling "disillusioned" by the populace and claimed to have "completely lost confidence" in the citizenry's ability to act in the nation's best interests.
Advertisement
"All the vitriol and partisan bickering in Congress has caused most Americans to form negative opinions of the U.S. government," Pew researcher Amy Ratner said. "However, over the same time period, the government has likewise grown wary of U.S. citizens, largely due to their utter lack of foresight, laziness, and overall incompetence."
Added Ratner, "And the fact that American Idol is still the No. 1 show on television doesn't exactly make our government burst with confidence."
Out of 100 U.S. senators polled, 84 said they don't trust the U.S. populace to do what is right, and 79 said Americans are not qualified to do their jobs. Ninety-one percent of all government officials polled said they find citizens to be every bit as irresponsible, greedy, irrational, and selfishly motivated as government officials are.
Advertisement
Moreover, according to nearly 100 percent of respondents, Wal-Mart.
"It makes complete sense for Americans to lose faith in a government that has allowed lobbyists and special interests to take over Washington," Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) told reporters. "That being said, you could see why Washington might likewise lose faith in a populace that apparently still suspects that its president is a secret Muslim who was not born in the United States."
Citing the billions of dollars wasted annually on flavored water and boneless buffalo wings, the number of drunk-driving deaths each year, and the lack of citizen accountability for the rise of Kim Kardashian, government officials registered extremely low opinions of the American people overall.
Advertisement
"This is the same American populace that failed to prevent us from deregulating the banks that almost caused a complete economic meltdown last year," Sen. Jim Bunning (R-KY) said. "Year after year, they elect terrible officials who make terrible decisions on their behalf. The fact that I, Jim Bunning, am a two-term U.S. senator really shows you just how far Americans have gone off the rails."
"I wouldn't trust anyone who voted me into office," they added.
Government skepticism is not confined to legislators, though. A cross-sampling of the U.S. Supreme Court found that only 1 in 9 justices believe the general populace to be ethical. Their confidence that the American people can resist consuming the newest Burger King sandwich just because it's there or at least keep it to one a week has also fallen to a 10-year low.
Advertisement
"They can't even fill out their census forms, for crying out loud," Gov. Butch Otter of Idaho said. "It's only 10 questions long. We're not talking about taking the SATs here. Jesus Christ, don't get me started on the SATs."
One typical respondent, President Barack Obama, said they found it hard to trust the judgment of U.S. citizens after recent events, including their decision to elect a president who promised health care reform and then come out against health care reform.
"How can I have hope for a nation that regularly protests tax cuts that directly benefit them?" Obama said. "Look, I'm not always perfect at my job, either, but I think I could make a halfway coherent comment on a YouTube video if I had to. Isn't that basically all they do?
Advertisement
Added Obama, "At this point, the only positive thing I can say about the American people is that I'm pretty sure they've never rigged an election in their favor."
While looking through thousands of documents obtained through search warrants, Kelly
came across communications between the Irvine 11 and their defense attorney, Reem Salahi. The defense identified 20,000 pages, deemed privileged by the judge, in the D.A.'s possession.
At least one email between Salahi and a student was used to bring new charges against that student.
Wilson said Kelly seemed unaware of the protocols that needed to be followed when they came across the privileged attorney-client communications.
"It's a stop and discuss," Wilson said. "It's not a self-police."
The Orange County district attorney's office now has to prove, beyond a reasonable doubt, that none of the evidence it plans to use was directly or indirectly obtained through privileged information, Wilson ruled.
The defense attorneys initially asked the court to recuse the D.A.'s office from the case altogether because, they argued, the use of the privileged information prejudiced the case against the students. The defense also said that it would be difficult for the prosecutors to argue the case fairly when considering the level of involvement top deputy district attorneys and District Attorney Tony Rackauckas themselves have in the Irvine 11 case.
Wilson contended that the breach was not severe enough to remove the district attorney's office.
The next court hearing is scheduled at 9 a.m. July 21 at the Central Justice Center in Santa Ana.
GQ: Doomed is written through the eyes of Madison Spencer, a wily pre-pubescent girl—why her?
** Chuck Palahniuk:** I started writing the first book—this is the second book in the series—while I was taking care of my mother, who had lung cancer, and I realized that as soon as they died both of my parents would be dead and I knew that it would take years to process my grief. I cognitively reframed it and made it about a little girl who was dead themselves and was mourning their parents because they were still alive. And they could process all of their conflicted feelings about their parents the way that I was processing my own, and denying the trauma of being dead. That's how I made this whole thing funny.
How'd you tap into them mind?
For most people, when they have children it gives them a chance to revisit the developmental changes they went through as children themselves. And it gives them a chance to kind of recognize the false lessons they learned, and ultimately the ways they didn't develop right. In a way, having and raising a child allows you to correct aspects of your own character. And I don't have any children, I never will, but by creating Madison, in a way, I'm able to raise a child and take this child through all this kind of free sexual awarenesses and experiences and in a way I'm able to have that corrective process in a fictional child that most of my friends have in their actual children.
**Why do a series? **
A couple reasons. First: I knew that it would take at least three books to kind of exhaust the grief I felt about losing both my parents. Second: I wanted to do something really enormously around theology, kind of reinventing the great big spiritual narrative we live by. I'm trying to create something new, some new kind of story about heaven and hell. And third is this kind of re-parenting of myself through this fictional child.
**This novel has one of the strangest, and least erotic, descriptions of a penis I've ever encountered—where does this imagery come from? **
Well, that's what I love about having either a child narrator, or a narrator who is sometimes on drugs. There are different ways of having a narrator who misinterprets the situation, and that's always so entertaining when characters get things wrong because it allows the reader to recognize the truth and feel vastly superior to the narrator. And it makes the character so endearing and sympathetic. It makes you feel so sorry for them, that they are misinterpreting the situation so wildly.
You're halfway through your "Chuck's DOOMED Pajama Party Tour" book tour—what kind of PJs are you rocking?
I wear Brooks Brothers blue striped pajamas with a beautiful vintage 1950s Sears, Roebuck craftsman red satin bathrobe.
**Do you wear the same set to every reading? **
I do, and it's starting to get a little torn apart.
Your next novel, Beautiful You, is already slated for release next fall. What can we expect?
That is the filthy novel. (Doomed is the mild one.) Next year's is sort of my shot at writing something I'm calling Gonzo-Erotica. It is erotica, but just written very clumsily, like a computer or machine would write erotica. And so, the way I'm writing makes sex really funny. That's part of the clumsiness of it. That clumsy writing around something like sex, or trauma, destroys the drama of it, and makes it funny.
**Any other projects in the works? **
I have a collection of short stories and novellas coming out the year after next. And right now I'm working on the graphic novel sequel to Fight Club—we haven't chosen an artist yet because I want to get the script absolutely perfect before we ask anyone to take a look at it.
Do you have any quirky writing rituals?
I usually wait until five o'clock in the evening and have a cup of coffee. Then, I've taken longhand notes throughout the day, and I sit down and I start to keyboard those into the computer and try to organize and juxtapose them with my other stuff and they become stories for the day. But I really write all the time, I just don't keyboard it in until five o'clock.
**Why's that? **
The Minnesota Vikings are destined to become NFC champions in 2016-17.
The Minnesota Vikings closed out Week 5 as the only undefeated team left in the NFL. Coming into the season almost nobody would have predicted this. Even fewer people would have predicted this after Teddy Bridgewater, the team's third-year starting quarterback, went down with a devastating knee injury. The team has lost both its starting tackles and superstar running back Adrian Peterson for the rest of the season as well.
All of this has most football fans wondering when this magical run is going to end. However, those waiting for the Vikings to fail could be disappointed. This team is proven. They have beaten quarterbacks Aaron Rodgers, Cam Newton, Eli Manning, Brock Osweiler and Marcus Mariota, and have won by an average margin of 10.8 points per game. The Vikings now are the favorites to win the NFC this year, and that tag is warranted. They should remain in the conference driver seat moving forward. Here are five reasons why.
5. Mike Zimmer
The minute the Vikings hired Mike Zimmer, the rebuild was on. Zimmer is now in their third year with the Vikings, and their number of wins has risen each year. Many wondered whether Zimmer could improve on their 11-5 second season. So far, they have.
Zimmer, who was the defensive coordinator of the Cincinnati Bengals before making the move to Minnesota, has changed this team's identity. They have preached a hard-nosed, defensive mentality. They coaches conservatively, but they coaches smart; they know that defense wins games in the NFL.
When Zimmer took the reigns, the Vikings ranked 27th in the NFL in DVOA. After one season, the unit improved to 23rd. Last season, the Vikings jumped up to 14th. So far, through five games this season, the unit now ranks fifth in the league in DVOA.
The Bengals defense led by Zimmer ranked in the top 10 in points allowed in four of their six seasons. This season, the Vikings defense ranks third in points allowed; they ranked fifth and 11th, respectively, in Zimmer's first two years.
Zimmer has proven their qualities as a head coach. Their career winning percentage is over 60. They have established a new identity in Minnesota and the team has completely bought in. That is a scary combination to have when it comes to the big games in January and February.
The US Department of Homeland Security is working on a torch-like "light-sabre" weapon, designed to leave aliens (illegal ones, that is) stumbling and puking helplessly.
S&T Snapshots, an inhouse journal of the DHS Science and Technology arm, reports that the S&T Directorate's Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) office has a contract with Intelligent Optical Systems, a small Californian company. Bob Lieberman and Vladimir Rubtsov, leading lights of Intelligent Optical, are developing the regurge-rapier tech for DHS.
"There are often confrontations at border crossings with suspected illegal aliens or drug runners," Lieberman told S&T Snapshots. "You don't want to hurt or kill them, just take them into custody. With this," they said - apparently with a smile, no doubt a rather sinister one. "They don't need to know English to comply."
The plan is that riot-boffins from Pennsylvania State University's Institute of Nonlethal Defense Technology, will try the vomit-dazzle beam out on volunteers this autumn. Hopefully they'll do it on a tiled floor, or put down some plastic sheet or something.
"There's one wavelength that gets everybody," chortled Lieberman, worryingly. "Vlad calls it the evil color."
Good old Vlad. What a card.
S&T Snapshots fed-scribes write that: "The light could be used to make a bad guy turn away or shut their eyes, giving authorities enough time to tackle the suspect and apply the cuffs... "
Provided the lawmen didn't slip in the pools of vomit, anyway - or wander into any, erm, projectiles. It's no picnic in the DHS, clearly.
At the moment the sick-sabre module is a bit on the tubby side, at four inches thick and over a foot long. Lieberman and Rubtsov hope to get it down to Mag-lite torch/truncheon* dimensions soon - though there is also talk of a "wide-angle" bazooka-sized device, capable of "immobilising a mob".
This latter option sounds almost too awful to contemplate: hundreds of hapless would-be migrants floundering in a self-generated chunky lake. This type of heavy chunder-cannon ordnance is also under investigation by the US armed forces, as it happens. They want to mount it on a flying robot, naturally.
Still, fearful as the disco hurl-gun may be, its effects could be marginally less unpleasant than being clubbed, shot, or electrified into submission. And it could be relatively easy to circumvent, too.
If, as S&T Snapshots suggests, the chunder-cutlass "could be in the hands of thousands of police officers, border agents, and National Guardsmen" by 2010, we might see big uptake of mirrorshades among the huddled masses. ®
*You didn't think plods carried those things just to light stuff up, did you?
NASA's Curiosity has now been on the surface of Mars for 49 days. In that time, the six-wheeled, one-ton rover has roved 350 meters, made extensive use of all 17 of its on-board cameras, wiggled its robotic arm around a bit, and fired its plutonium-powered laser multiple times. As it bounds across the surface of the Red Planet, Curiosity has even fired neutrons into the ground, testing for the presence of water — but alas, it hasn't found any yet.
Two days ago, Curiosity stopped to analyze a football-size piece of Martian basalt called Jake Matijevic (named after one of Curiosity's chief engineers who recently passed away). Not only did Curiosity analyze the rock's structure and chemical makeup using its ChemCam spectroscopic laser, but it also used its Alpha Particle X-Ray Spectrometer (APXS) for the first time, and also took the first ultra-close-up photos using the MAHLI camera. The rock was primarily chosen to see if the results from APXS match up with ChemCam.
In the photo at the top of the story, Jake Matijevic is about 8 feet (2.5m) in front of Curiosity. The robot arm, as you can see in the picture above, is 7 foot long — and tacked on the end is a turret that is armed with some of Curiosity's most important instruments, including the APXS and MAHLI. In the video below, you can see how the robot arm is extended and manipulated until it is just 2.5cm away from the rock.
Before now, Curiosity had only really used MAHLI to take self portraits, but its actual purpose is to take close-up shots of rocks and soil on the surface of Mars. In the photo below (be sure to click it to zoom in), you can see just how awesome MAHLI's close-up resolution actually is. The outer image is a single, two-megapixel image taken from 25 centimeters away; the second image is taken from 5cm; and the middle image is a two-megapixel image taken from just 2.5cm.
In this case, Jake Matijevic is expected to be a plain ol' piece of basalt, so we don't expect any exciting results from this analysis. The close-up photos taken by MAHLI are stunning, though, and NASA is undoubtedly very excited about what the camera might uncover when the rover reaches its first major scientific destination, Glenelg.
Curiosity is now more than halfway to Glenelg, which is where Curiosity will finally try out its drill. The drill is on the end of the robotic arm, and is capable of drilling holes that are 1.6cm wide and 5cm deep, primarily for the purpose of obtaining samples that can be scooped up analyzed by Curiosity's on-board science labs. There has been some controversy about whether Curiosity's drill bits might be capable of contaminating Mars, as they weren't correctly sealed prior to launch; there are also two spare drill bits, in case they get stuck during drilling.
In other news, we also have two other photos taken by MAHLI — both of which are rather patriotic. The first is the US flag medallion (there are also NASA, JPL, and Curiosity medallions placed elsewhere on the rover), and the second is the presidential plaque, which shows the signatures of President Obama, Vice President Biden, NASA administrator Charles Bolden, and other important dignitaries.
And finally, we have an animated GIF of Mars' moon Phobos transiting the Sun — i.e. a partial solar eclipse — taken by the 100mm Mastcam.
Check out more beautiful photos taken by Curiosity on the surface of Mars
In yesterday's much-anticipated interview with Oprah, Beyoncé finally admitted they were a member of the New World Order, also known as the Illuminati.
Rumors have swirled since the episode's taping; many fans wondered why Oprah never questioned the star about their alleged Illuminati ties and commented that it might be due to Oprah's own participation in Illuminati activities.
Less than three seconds into the interview, Oprah turned to Beyoncé and said, “So, you know what I'm gonna say to you … the Illuminati.” From there, Bey delved into their beginnings with the group, their assistance in their rise to fame, and their recent promotion to the highest ranks of the order.
Beyoncé says they finally came clean after feeling guilty over all the undue credit she's been given. “People keep thinking I'm this magical ageless beauty, when really that's the result of consuming all these blood sacrifices.” Oprah interjected, “You still work hard, and you're raising a beautiful daughter.” Beyoncé remained critical: “People ask me how I juggled my career and pregnancy without understanding that reptilian pregnancies last only two months.”
Oprah's surprised reaction following this statement has been deemed inauthentic by fans. As godmother to Blue Ivy, they would have presumably been present at both the conception ritual and birth ceremony.
The pinnacle of the interview was when Oprah solemnly asked if the Illuminati was behind the death of Whitney Houston. “Yes, that was us. I was there for that. But at the time I felt, in my heart, that that was what they would have wanted,” said Beyoncé.
“She had a good run.”
When it came time to discuss husband Jay-Z's possible ties to the Illuminati, Beyoncé said, “That's something I'd like to keep private. I don't like to air my family affairs out in the open.”
“You're keeping something for yourself?” replied Oprah. “Yes, exactly.”
Asked if she'd do anything differently looking back, Beyoncé says, “I can't say so for sure. I'm a different person now. I became the queen that I am through this process and I've learned a lot from my mistakes.” Oprah recounted, “I've had some of my greatest revelations through my biggest failures.” The two then smiled at each other knowingly.
The interview delved only briefly into current Illuminati plans. Oprah asked, “Do you think the Illuminati will succeed in destroying world governments and world economies?” Beyoncé smiled coyly, “We'll just have to wait and find out.”
At the end of the interview, Oprah held Beyoncé's hand in theirs and whispered, “Thank you for being so brave.” Then the two embraced and turned to a cheering audience while flashing the devil's sign and smiling.
Due to extreme heat and a lack of wind, fish kills are growing in number in the back bay areas of Orange Beach, Alabama. This kill was spotted on Cotton Bayou on the morning of Monday, August 3, 2015. (Courtesy/City of Orange Beach)
Widespread fish kills are occurring in the back-bay areas of Orange Beach and the summer heat wave appears to be the main culprit, according to Orange Beach Coastal Resources Manager Phillip West.
The unrelenting heat coupled with light northerly winds have prevented any kind of mixing of the waters to help oxygenate them, West said. Adding to the situation are schools of alewife, or possibly menhaden, which are extremely sensitive species.
"So these species are up in huge numbers in waters that are already pretty stressed for dissolved oxygen and it's just a recipe for a fish kill," West said.
The first large fish kill was reported in Cotton Bayou on Friday and sightings continued throughout the weekend from Robinson Island, north of Perdido Pass, to Bayou Saint John, between Ono Island and Bear Point.
Most of the dead fish, typically between 4 and 7 inches long, have been found in Cotton Bayou, according to West.
An explanation for the events, West said, can be found in the pages of "Guide to Fishes of the Gulf of Mexico," a book by Bob Shipp, the former head of marine sciences at the University of South Alabama.
"It says during summer months menhaden often congregate in shallow, poorly flushed estuaries. They're intolerant of low dissolved oxygen levels such as those found in hot, still waters. Thus, fish kills may occur in a chain reaction," West said.
The dead and decaying fish remove even more oxygen, resulting in more kills. "So it's kind of a textbook phenomena just based on our conditions right now," West said.
While out on Cotton Bayou Monday morning, West said one resident said they hadn't seen fish kills that big since a record-breaking heat wave 25 years ago.
If the weather conditions persist, more fish kills are likely.
To address the problem, the city has placed a large garbage bin at the Boggy Point boat launch for residents to get rid of fish. Also, on Tuesday, the council is expected to discuss the possibility of mobilizing its debris contractor to assist with the cleanup.
"I think this is probably the largest fish kill in the estuaries I've ever seen," West said. "I've seen kills related to red tides and other things, like brown tides, that were pretty extensive. But of this type, this is definitely the largest that I've seen. I also can't remember having gone through a July that was so unbearably hot for so long. Something was bound to happen."
Thanksgiving held twice in 1815
Thanksgiving was a centuries-old tradition held by most cultures around the world. After the autumn harvest, communities held 3-day-long feasts, sharing meat, bread and beer. Today, Thanksgiving is known best as an US public holiday but is again becoming popular in the rest of the world.
The first American Thanksgiving was held between 21 September and 11 November 1621 in Massachusetts by 50 Plymouth Pilgrims and their 90 Wampanoag neighbors. After that, Thanksgiving was held fairly randomly.
Thanksgiving days were proclaimed annually by the US Congress from 1777 to 1783 which, except for 1782, were all celebrated in December. George Washington declared Thanksgiving in 1789 and 1795, and John Adams in 1798 and 1799. James Madison declared Thanksgiving twice in 1815. None of these were celebrated in the autumn.
The next national Thanksgiving was declared only in April 1862, by Abraham Lincoln. In 1863, they declared Thanksgiving for 6 August, and for the last Thursday in November. They went on to declare a similar Thanksgiving observance in 1864, establishing a precedent that was followed by Andrew Johnson in 1865 and by every subsequent president.
After a few deviations of the day of celebration – Thanksgiving was held on 7 December in 1865, and 18 November in 1869 – the last Thursday in November was proclaimed as the national Thanksgiving day, but still not a official holiday. Thanksgiving remained a custom unsanctified by law until President Roosevelt signed a bill on 26 November 1941 that established the fourth Thursday in November as the national Thanksgiving public holiday.
Canada's Thanksgiving is held on the second Monday in October.
Thanksgiving travel
Long-distance travel increases by over 50% as people head to be with their families for Thanksgiving, making it one of the busiest traveling periods, surpassed only by the Christmas/New Year period. About 90% of those trips are by car, mostly on the Wednesday before Thanksgiving day. The average Thanksgiving trip is 214 miles.
Black Friday
Thanksgiving is not a traditional shopping day. It simply is a day for sharing with the family and to express gratitude. The shopping craze takes off on the day after Thanksgiving, known as Black Friday. It is one of the busiest shopping days of the year in the United States, kicking off the Christmas shopping holiday.
Traditional Thanksgiving dish
Turkey is the traditional dish for the Thanksgiving feast. In the US, about 280 million turkeys are sold for the Thanksgiving celebrations. There is no official reason or declaration for the use of turkey. They just happened to be the most plentiful meat available at the time of the first Thanksgiving in 1621, starting the tradition.
Modern tradition is to put up the Christmas tree on the day or weekend after Thanksgiving.
Editor's Note: Tanya Marie (“T.M.”) Luhrmann is a psychological anthropologist and the Watkins University professor in the department of anthropology at Stanford University in Stanford, California.  They are the author of "When God Talks Back: Understanding the American Evangelical Relationship with God."
By T.M. Luhrmann, Special to CNN
(CNN)—In the Bible, God spoke directly to Abraham. They spoke directly to Moses. They spoke directly to Job. But to your neighbor down the street?
Most people reading the ancient scriptures understand these accounts of hearing God's voice as miracles that really did happen but no longer take place today, or maybe as folkloric flourishes to ancient stories. Even Christians who believe that miracles can be an everyday affair can hesitate when someone tells them they heard God speak audibly. There's an old joke: When you talk to God, we call it prayer, but when God talks to you, we call it schizophrenia.
Except that usually it's not.
Hearing a voice when alone, or seeing something no one else can see, is pretty common. At least one in 10 people will say they've had such an experience if you ask them bluntly. About four in 10 say they have unusual perceptual experiences between sleep and awareness if you interview them about their sleeping habits.
Follow the CNN Belief Blog on Twitter
And if you ask them in a way that allows them to admit they made a mistake, the rate climbs even higher. By contrast, schizophrenia, the most debilitating of all mental disorders, is pretty rare. Only about one in 100 people can be diagnosed with the disorder.
Moreover, the patterns are quite distinct. People with schizophrenia who hear voices hear them frequently. They often hear them throughout the day, sometimes like a rain of sound, or a relentless hammer. They hear not only sentences, but paragraphs: words upon words. What the voices say is horrid—insults, sneers and contemptuous jibes. “Dirty. You're dirty.” “Stupid slut.” “You should've gone under the bus, not into it.”
That was not what Abraham, Moses and Job experienced, even when God was at their most fierce.
For the last 10 years, I have been doing anthropological and psychological research among experientially oriented evangelicals, the sort of people who seek a personal relationship with God and who expect that God will talk back. For most of them, most of the time, God talks back in a quiet voice they hear inside their minds, or through images that come to mind during prayer. But many of them also reported sensory experiences of God. They say God touched their shoulder, or that they spoke up from the back seat and said, in a way they heard with their ears, that they loved them. Indeed, in 1999, Gallup reported that 23% of all Americans had heard a voice or seen a vision in response to prayer.
These experiences were brief: at the most, a few words or short sentences. They were rare. Those who reported them reported no more than a few of them, if that. These experiences were not distressing, although they were often disconcerting and always startling. On the contrary, these experiences often made people feel more intimate with God, and more deeply loved.
In fact, my research has found that these unusual sensory experiences are more common among those who pray in a way that uses the imagination—for example, when prayer involves talking to God in your mind. The unusual sensory experiences were not, in general, associated with mental illness (we checked).
They were more common among those who felt comfortable getting caught up in their imaginations. They were also more common among those who prayed for longer periods. Prayer involves paying attention to words and images in the mind, and giving them significance. There is something about the skilled practice of paying attention to the mind in this way that shifts—just a little bit—the way we judge what is real.
Yet even many of these Christians, who wanted so badly to have a back-and-forth relationship with God, were a little hesitant to talk about hearing God speak with their ears. For all the biblical examples of hearing God speak audibly, they doubt. Augustine reports that when they were in extremis, sobbing at the foot of that fig tree, they heard a voice say, “Take it and read.” They picked up the scripture and converted. When the Christians I know heard God speak audibly, it often flitted across their minds that they were crazy.
In their new book, "Hallucinations," the noted neurologist Oliver Sacks tells their own story about a hallucinatory experience that changed their lives. They took a hearty dose of methamphetamines as a young doctor, and settled down with a 19th century book on migraines. They loved the book, with its detailed observation and its humanity. They wanted more. As they were casting around in their mind for someone who could write more that they could read, a loud internal voice told them “You silly bugger” that it was he. So they began to write. They never took drugs again.
Now, Sacks does not recommend that anyone take drugs like that. They think that what they did was dangerous and they think they were lucky to have survived.
What interests me, however, is that they allowed themselves to trust the voice because the voice was good. There's a distinction between voices associated with psychiatric illness (often bad) and those (often good) that are found in the so-called normal population. There's another distinction between those who choose to listen to a voice, if the advice it gives is good, and those who do not. When people like Sacks hear a voice that gives them good advice, the experience can transform them.
CNN's Belief Blog: The faith angles behind the biggest stories
This is important, because often, when voices are discussed in the media or around the kitchen table, the voices are treated unequivocally as symptoms of madness. And of course, voice-hearing is associated with psychiatric illness.
But not all the time. In fact, not most of the time.
About a third of the people I interviewed carefully at the church where I did research reported an unusual sensory experience they associated with God. While they found these experiences startling, they also found them deeply reassuring.
Science cannot tell us whether God generated the voice that Abraham or Augustine heard. But it can tell us that many of these events are normal, part of the fabric of human perception. History tells us that those experiences enable people to choose paths they should choose, but for various reasons they hesitate to choose.
When the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. sat at their kitchen table, in the winter of 1956, terrified by the fear of what might happen to them and their family during the Montgomery bus boycott, they said they heard the voice of Jesus promising, “I will be with you.” They went forward.
Voices may form part of human suffering. They also may inspire human greatness.
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of TM Luhrmann.
JACKSONVILLE BEACH, Fla. - Police and bank officials are scrambling Wednesday after finding out that someone placed a credit card skimmer on the ATM of a very popular bank on Jacksonville Beach over the Fourth of July weekend.
SunTrust bank on 3rd Street South just north of the JTB and employees of the bank have said that some customers who used the ATM could be affected.
Police and bank employees are asking people who may have used that ATM to check their bank statements.
In 27 years of service, Cmdr. Mark Evans with the Jacksonville Beach Police Department said that he's seen their fair share of skimmers, including the case at SunTrust last Sunday.
"It's happened in the past. I can't say that it happens every week, but it does happen," Evans said.
According to police, a customer noticed the skimmer after placing their debit card into the machine. They told police that they saw glue protruding from the edge of the ATM card reader. Luckily they didn't put in their pin number, but they did tug at the card reader, causing the skimmer to come off.
SunTrust Bank couldn't say how long the skimmer was on the ATM but Evans is warning anyone using a debit card at any ATM machine.
"Just pay attention to your surroundings, to the location. Think about what's normal or what you're used to doing. If you don't feel comfortable don't use it, make a call and go to another one," Evans said.
Police are unsure of how many customers may have been affected and are working with SunTrust's fraud department to figure out the scope of the case.
Copyright 2015 by News4Jax.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Earlier this week we mentioned how the app I'm a WP7! was renamed to Outsider and re-released to the Windows Phone Marketplace. The app, made by the team at Liquid Daffodil, is for fans of Windows Phone to come together, discuss software, hangout, setup multiplayer games and just have fun. Filled with numerous Easter Eggs that include hidden functionality, the app is not only fun, it's free.
With the update though came a challenge: Three “movers and shakers” of the Windows Phone community had to unlock 7 Easter Eggs in the app within 72 hours—if successful, Liquid Daffodil would make their other apps free for 72 hours.
Those movers and shakers were Microsoft's Ben Lower (@benlower), Ben Rudolph (@BenthePCGuy) and yours truly (@Daniel_Rubino) and we're pleased to announce that Lower and myself have completed the challenge with Rudolph almost finishing (he's a busy man with a new kid, so our sympathy). As the great philosopher Meatloaf once said "Two out of three ain't bad"!
Regardless, Liquid Daffodil are making all their apps free for the next 72 hours. Those apps should be either free already for most of you or shortly becoming so when the Marketplace refreshes. Those apps are:
glƏƏk! ($1.99 US- review) – One of the most unique Twitter clients available Outsider Extras ($2.99 US) – Companion app for Outsider gives even more features Add to Contacts ($0.99 US) – Search for contact info using Bing and save to your People Hub Calendar Search ($0.99 US) – Search your calendar for past and future events
We regularly use all the above apps and they're top notch--not only are they well designed but those bottom two are super useful as they fill in gaps in the Windows Phone OS. You would be crazy to not get these apps and save yourself $7.
A big thanks to Liquid Daffodil for offering up their software for free and supporting the Windows Phone community. Remember, this deal is only active for 72 hours so go get them now because once you lock in that “free” license, it's free forever.
Is there something you need to get off your chest? Like this tank top, perhaps?
Online retailer Marek + Richard, which makes a "wide range of rad gear" including jockstraps, tanks and snapback hats marketed to gay men, debuted a new tank top recently that rubbed a few online users the wrong way.
The tank in question is a simple black tank that says "No Fats No Fems." Marek + Richard did not immediately reply to a request for comment.
"No Fats No Fems" is a now-ubiquitous phrase on gay hookup apps like Grindr that means a person is not looking to hook up with men of size or feminine men. There's even a forthcoming documentary addressing the short phrase and what it means for gay men in terms of culture and identity.
Shoutouts to @Marek_Richard for creating this self-loathing shirt for discriminating basic-ass shitheads.pic.twitter.com/Bvw9ixvdDZ
There is no doubt the shirt is discriminatory — its intention is to separate those you want to sleep with (thin, masculine) with those you don't (fat, feminine). And while having preferences against fat or feminine men may seem innocuous enough, putting it on a shirt or even on an app profile speaks to a larger truth about the gay community: We're sexist, racist and discriminatory AF.
Here's proof: One 2012 study in the journal Body Image showed that, when it comes to short-term relationships, gay men prize lean, muscular builds the most. And that's a problem. In 2005, researchers found that being gay alone is a risk factor for men to develop eating disorders due to pressures to be thin.
The media only amplify these messages. A 2011 study found that the models in gay-centric magazines were both thinner and more muscular than the men in magazines like GQ. Images like these reinforce the importance of a thin, muscular physique. And they work: Several studies prove that gay men on average have lower body mass indexes than straight men.
The other problem is that, for many gay men, muscularity equals masculinity — which is often prized in the community. The study "Reported Effects of Masculine Ideals on Gay Men" showed that gay men often feel "psychological distress" if they cannot be masculine enough for the gay community. As Michael Kimmel wrote in Guyland, "Men perform their masculinity for other men, who are the ultimate judges of it."
On the other end of the spectrum, fats and fems are linked because gay men of size are thought to have feminized bodies — due to their larger hips, breasts and butts, Jason Whitesel wrote in their book Fat Gay Men.
"In the case of big men, fat amounts to degradable femininity," Whitesel wrote.
And, while the tank and the phrase "No fats no fems" does not sound like it would have racist implications, it actually does. A study in the Archives of Sexual Behavior found that gay men associate Asian men with being feminine bottoms, while black men are aggressive, masculine tops.
So it's not just a simple black tank with a phrase. Clearly, its implications are far-reaching and play into ill-conceived notions about gender, sexuality and race. There are a lot of steps we need to make toward correcting these attitudes, and an easy first move is to reject the message on this shirt.
April 28, 2:22 p.m.: After this story was published, Marek + Richard addressed the tank top and online response to it with a tweet. The tweet claimed the shirt was satirical.
Messages can be sent in variety of ways. Satire is one of our favs. http://www.marekrichard.com pic.twitter.com/NW4xE6Grs9
However, Twitter users did not buy the response.
It is in our nature to fit nature to us. We are best at it, but other species do it. This obvious but overlooked factor contradicts the dominant one-way-street gene-centric view of adaptation. A better framework for evolution is needed. Its shape isn't clear, but it must incorporate: extracorporeal gene effects, “gene-culture coevolution,” “niche construction,” reduced randomness, and intelligent influences.
George Williams, a founder of the gene-centric school, claimed “Adaptation is always asymmetrical; organisms adapt to their environment, never vice versa.” They were wrong.
Richard Dawkins proposed the idea of “extended phenotypes”—a phenotype is the subset of an organism's genetic traits that develop— to describe environmental changes caused by organisms. Derek Bickerton says, for Dawkins a “beaver's dam [is] just as much an expression of beaver genes” as its tail. But that's far from the whole tale of gene-environment interactions.
Organisms, and their genes, can face selective pressures from created elements in their environments. Intelligently created nonrandom factors have substantially altered human genes; for example, after only a few thousand years of dairying, adult lactose tolerance has spread to 98% of Swedes but just 7% of Chinese. Protocultural tool use in Galapagos finches has led to their beaks being adapted for using cactus spikes to extract grubs. Unlike Dawkins's extended phenotypes, this “gene-culture coevolution,” as E. O. Wilson calls it, incorporates more than is in an organism's genes, accounting for nongenetically transmitted factors like tools, rules, and socially acquired second nature skills.
Niche construction adds to genes and culture a third inheritance process: persisting ecological engineering. Many species inherit niches much modified by their ancestors. To biologists, niches aren't just physical nooks, they're entire ways of life. Bickerton defines three elements: habitat, nourishment, and sustaining behaviors, and says “changes in behavior trigger changes in genes at least as often” as the other way around. Evolution's fitting and matching processes can work both ways, with complex feedback
In Niche Construction: The Neglected Process in Evolution F. John Odling-Smee and colleagues give “hundreds of examples of animal niche construction.” They say it adds nonrandom “directedness to the evolutionary process,” and that neither culture nor intelligence are needed. For example, earthworms “utilize various kinds of niche-construction” to compensate for “bad structural adaptation.” Originally water-worms, they retain ancestral traits by modifying soil to mimic features of their ancestral aquatic conditions. Even changes as radical as moving habitats from water to land can be mitigated by counteractive niche construction.
Darwin said natural selection was “not the exclusive means of modification" in evolution. Ignoring other modifying mechanisms is unnaturally selective. We artificially select factors to which we adapt. As Shakespeare put it “that art Which you say adds to Nature, is an art That Nature makes.” And many creatures are coactive partners in their dance with destiny.
Illustration by Julia Suits, The New Yorker Cartoonist & author of The Extraordinary Catalog of Peculiar Inventions.
Previously in this series:
It Is in Our Nature to Be Self-Deficient
Inheriting Second Natures
Our Ruly Nature
It Is in Our Nature to Need Stories
Tools Are in Our Nature
Governor Throws Public Focus on Misguided and Ineffective Proposals, Avoids Viable Solutions to Promote Public Safety and Welfare
Anti-gun Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley's (D) statement outlining gun control proposals on January 14 was a cause of alarm to all law-abiding residents in the Old Line State, and their press conference today only confirms that they are more interested in politics that target the law abiding than responsible governing to limit crime. O'Malley will be pushing a broad gun control package through the Maryland General Assembly soon, which will include attacks on your Second Amendment rights and hunting heritage that O'Malley claims are “common sense.” However, these anti-gun proposals have been tried in the past as an easy “solution” - and have been proven resounding failures across the country. Despite this, O'Malley continues to loudly advocate for these same failed proposals and ignore simple reality. Criminals simply do not obey gun bans, register their firearms or comply with any gun control schemes. As a result, only law-abiding citizens will comply and be left defenseless. The following misguided policies can be found in O'Malley's extremist gun control package:
An across-the-board ban on commonly owned semi-automatic firearms, under the political misnomer “assault weapons.” Contrary to claims by the media and the Governor himself, these are not “military weapons designed for human carnage.” In fact, there are vast legal and mechanical differences between a semi-automatic firearm and a fully automatic “military” firearm. Fully-automatic firearms are defined as “machineguns” under federal law, and are heavily regulated by the National Firearms Act of 1934, the Gun Control Act of 1968, and long-standing state laws. They are not readily available to the public, are registered federally, and have been banned in many states for years. Hollywood movie studios are allowed to use fully-automatic firearms for movie-making purposes, so most people are familiar with them from their use by fictional action heroes with exaggerated amounts of make-believe gunfire. However, other than for gun control supporters' misleading propaganda purposes, fully-automatic firearms have nothing substantial to do with semi-automatic “assault weapon” legislation or laws. Gun control supporters, including those in the TV and print “news” media, have contributed to the public's confusion by erroneously describing semi-automatic firearms as if they were rapid-firing fully-automatic machine guns used by the military. Semi-automatics and all other firearms, such as bolt-actions, pump-actions, lever-actions, revolvers, double-barreled shotguns, and single-shot firearms, fire only once when the trigger is pulled. They're not "unpredictable weapons designed for mass carnage," as many in the news media would have you believe, but are tools commonly used by the law abiding for self-defense, hunting and target shooting for more than a century.
Restrict magazine capacity to no more than ten rounds. While O'Malley incessantly repeats that their proposals do not infringe on Second Amendment rights and that they are not going after handguns, their claims become impossible to believe with the inclusion of this limit on self-defense. In District of Columbia v. Heller (2008), the Supreme Court observed that "the inherent right of self-defense has been central to the Second Amendment right," and it declared that the amendment "guarantee[s] the individual right to possess and carry weapons in case of confrontation." Just as the First Amendment protects modern forms of communications and the Fourth Amendment applies to modern forms of search, the Second Amendment extends, prima facie, to all instruments that constitute bearable arms, even those that were not in existence at the time of the founding." The same would certainly hold true for modern firearm parts, such as magazines. The Court also said that the Second Amendment protects the right to keep and bear arms that are "in common use," a standard met ten times over by firearms designed to use magazines that hold more than 10 rounds, and by the magazines themselves. Millions of rifles and tens of millions of handguns designed for self-defense are designed to use magazines that hold more than 10 rounds. Because the Second Amendment protects the right to self-defense, a magazine limit is a direct attack on this right, as a defensive use of a firearm could be unsuccessful if the defender were limited in the number of rounds of ammunition available. Further, as history bears testament, the federally-imposed magazine limit in effect between 1994 and 2004 had no effect on crime.
Restrict Ammunition purchasing and possession. Again, this tactic has been a proven failure, and only limits the law-abiding. There is no discernable benefit to enacting this type of legislation.
Require a state permit to purchase for a firearm which would be obtained from the Maryland State Police after prospective gun purchasers complete a mandatory gun safety class, submit their fingerprints to a state-run database, and undergo an extensive state-funded background check – in addition to the federal background check.Additionally, every new Maryland gun owner would have to reapply for a license to keep their legally possessed firearm every five years. These laws serve no crime-fighting purpose, because criminals don't register themselves or their guns, and most get guns from theft or the black market. Registration has led to gun confiscation in some foreign countries and some U.S. states. Additionally, the Supreme Court has ruled that requiring felons to register guns would violate their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
On many levels, O'Malley's proposed legislation over-reaches and misses the mark. It will do nothing to stop crime and will only penalize the law-abiding. While the legislation has yet to be introduced, one thing is for certain: Anti-gun politicians are attacking your rights as an easy target because they will not focus on real solutions for the criminal acts of violence, such as in Baltimore by gangs and drug dealers. The NRA-ILA will continue to send updates on this matter as details become available to us. However, it is of the utmost importance that you act NOW to stop all attempts to ban firearms and enact more ineffective and onerous gun control laws. Call and e-mail your state Senators and Delegates IMMEDIATELY and let your voice be heard on this matter.
Contact information for your state legislators can be found by clicking here.
As was noted in my initial column, there is no shortage of subjects for ESPN's public editor to address. Below the tier of major subjects, there are many smaller-but-still-important questions ESPN's consumers deserve to have answered. I've already received hundreds of these types of questions via various platforms. So, starting in January, I'll begin a monthly column addressing some of these queries.
So if you have questions about ESPN journalism, whether it relates to the quality of any of its broadcasts, the usability of its digital products or anything else you might want to know, feel free to send them to me via email, Twitter or Facebook.
If you're still unsure of the types of questions that fall into this category, here are a few examples out of what I've received:
Why does ESPN.com require a Facebook account to comment?
Why can someone only cancel ESPN Insider by phone?
Why do readers have to watch a 15-second video pre-roll ad before a 10-second video clip?
Now that Grantland is gone, where should readers go to find the best long-form journalism produced by ESPN?
I'm not looking for takes on some of the larger issues I'll soon be writing about -- the demise of Grantland, ESPN's coverage of Deflategate and its relationship with daily fantasy sports sites. I've received plenty of reader feedback on those issues. What I'm looking for are questions for which an answer might not warrant its own piece but would be helpful to ESPN's readers and viewers.
President Donald Trump had a lot to say on Twitter Monday morning ― but none of their posts addressed the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, on Saturday, where a car rammed into a group of pedestrians protesting a white supremacist rally, killing one woman.
Over the weekend, Trump condemned the “violence” and “hate” in general terms but stopped short of explicitly naming any of the white supremacist groups responsible for the event. They also blamed “many sides” for the unrest, which took place in a protest over the planned removal of a statue of Confederate Gen. Robert E. Lee.
In their tweets Monday, the president called out “obstructionist Democrats” as well as Ken Frazier, the CEO of pharmaceutical company Merck, who resigned from Trump's manufacturing council over the president's tepid response to the terror attack.
Heading to Washington this morning. Much work to do. Focus on trade and military. #MAGA — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement.  They are strong on Border & Wall, the military, tax cuts & law enforcement. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History. I am changing that fast! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Council,he will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 14, 2017
According to the White House, Trump is scheduled to meet with Attorney General Jeff Sessions and FBI Director Chris Wray on Monday to discuss the Charlottesville violence. It's unclear whether they will offer any public remarks after the meeting.
DETROIT (Reuters) - The Chrysler Group said on Wednesday it will recall about 37,000 pickup trucks on two separate issues, neither of which had led to any accidents or injuries.
A 2013 Dodge Ram pickup truck is seen in Gaithersburg, Maryland May 1, 2013. REUTERS/Gary Cameron
About 30,000 of the trucks will be recalled to restore a dashboard warning light that alerts drivers if the tail lights are not working.
That issue affects model year 2013 Ram 1500, 2500 and 3500 pickup trucks.
Dealers will perform a software upgrade to reactivate the warning light on the trucks at no cost to owners, Chrysler said.
The issue was discovered by Chrysler engineers performing routine testing, the company said.
The recall will affect about 17,400 model year 2013 Ram 1500, 2500 and 3500 pickups in the United States; 11,500 in Canada; 470 in Mexico; and 775 in markets outside North America.
In a separate recall, model year 2012 Ram heavy duty 4500 and 5500 trucks should be repaired to fix an issue that can cause front axle damage, Chrysler said.
After two of the heavy-duty trucks sustained front axle damage, Chrysler's engineers found that some trucks were subject to a condition that may cause the front prop shaft to bind or fracture, resulting in power loss, the company said.
Dealers will replace or repair the front axles at no cost to customers, Chrysler said.
The recall affects about 5,600 model year 2012 Ram 4500 and 5500 trucks in the United States, and another 1,300 in Canada.
For over a decade, the articles, commentary and analysis focusing on the Toronto and Vancouver housing markets have addressed high levels of mortgage debt, speculative investors, foreign buyers and the inevitable unfolding of the markets when interest rates inevitably rise. It has been hypothesized that the unraveling of these major housing markets will inflict pain on the entire Canadian economy.
Should we keep waiting another 10 years for this scenario to play out, or should we come up with new explanations for what is happening in the Toronto and Vancouver housing markets?
Perhaps the biggest problem is a comparison problem. When you go out shopping for anything, you compare the price of the item you want to the price you paid before, or you compare the price to a similar item whose price you know.
You check out a couple of different stores in the mall, perhaps you go online or head south of the border to an outlet store -- you'll get a pretty good idea if something is a deal or if it's overpriced.
The same applies to house prices. If you paid $400,000 for a condo downtown, does it make sense to pay $500,000 for a bigger unit up the street, or $700,000 for a house in the suburbs? You might even contemplate moving out of the metro area altogether to a smaller city or town a couple of hours away, because you know the prices are 40 per cent lower.
This method of comparison was valid when Toronto and Vancouver were second-tier global cities. But that has changed. These markets have ascended to the ranks of world-class cities. One way to identify a global city is to review their price-to-rent and price-to-income ratios. The higher these ratios are, the greater the likelihood that the area is attracting foreign dollars and disrupting the relationship between these variables.
Rents are typically constrained by the incomes of local renters, while prices are not, as foreign capital snatches up homes to keep as vacation properties or to rent to relatives at a discounted price. In addition, desirable places like Toronto and Vancouver build brand new luxury properties, areas gentrify quickly and existing properties are renovated and resold at much higher prices.
Some owners of rental older properties do few improvements and see less rapid rental growth, but they envision simply selling their property for the next big condo project. Income numbers skew low as local residents sell to affluent local buyers with business (and not personal) income or foreign buyers that don't report their salaries in Canada.
All of these extreme factors become greater and more influential in global markets, rental rates and incomes appear lower than they should be, and prices skew higher.
I looked at data from Numbeo -- a website that collects cost-of-living data from cities across the planet -- to observe 10 major markets: Hong Kong, London, Moscow, New York, Paris, San Francisco, Sydney, Toronto, Tokyo and Vancouver. According to this analysis, Canada's two top markets just cracked the top 10 for price-to-rent, ranking eighth and ninth when measuring ownership apartment prices to one- and three-bedroom city centre rents.
It makes much more sense to compare Toronto and Vancouver to these global markets, rather than to Saskatoon, Sherbrooke, or Halifax -- or even the average Canadian price overall.
In fact, when you use Numbeo to compare the prices of downtown ownership apartments, the $692 per-square-foot (PSF) Toronto price and $770 PSF Vancouver price look like bargains in comparison to these prices: $2,419 PSF in New York, $3,167 PSF in London and $3,297 PSF in Hong Kong.
When you factor in the decline of the Canadian dollar, it suddenly appears as if Toronto and Vancouver have just gone on sale -- watch out for global bargain hunters.
So, maybe high price-to-rent and price-to-income ratios don't signal overvaluation, an overabundance of property speculation, or impending doom. Perhaps they actually signal the ascension of Toronto and Vancouver into the highest of global ranks.
This revelation won't make you feel any better if you're in an affordability crunch, but may give prospective homebuyers on the fence some comfort that these markets are viewed by international investors as global destinations with long-term value, so their home price won't crash.
With each successive ranking from a major publication that puts Toronto and Vancouver as top cities to live in the world, foreign investors compare the value of real estate in Canada's major markets to theirs, and see great value.
They see undervalued -- not overvalued -- markets, and conclude that Toronto and Vancouver housing prices are not high.
Do you agree?
MORE ON HUFFPOST:
Part 2, Part 3. Here I am concluding the self-forgiveness on the point of living within and as isolation due to a fear of speaking up and reaching out to connect to others. Please read the first three parts of this process for context: Part 1
showing myself my own worth through my actions and comportment towards myself, but instead I have neglected myself, abandoned myself for the energy of the mind, and only judged myself, being hard on myself and beating myself up. I forgive myself for accepting and allowing myself to never develop a supportive relationship with myself,showing myself my own worth through my actions and comportment towards myself, but instead I have neglected myself, abandoned myself for the energy of the mind, and only judged myself, being hard on myself and beating myself up.
When and as I see that I am going into an energy of self-sabotage (I'm not god enough/I can't do this/I don't have the energy/it's not worth it/I'll fail anyways) I stop, and I breathe. I bring myself back to self-worth by stopping my actions and thoughts in that moment, and instead doing something nice and supportive to/towards myself. I remind myself that, so long as I am alive, it is not too late to be good to myself, to support myself, and to show myself that I am Here for me.
all that is left is the self-support as Who I Am as Life. I commit myself to diminish self-sabotage, and increase self-support in my life untilall that is left is the self-support as Who I Am as Life.
I commit myself to honour and cherish myself.
I have had an effect on me. I have influenced me. I have challenged myself to see, do and be differently. I have taken an active role in creating myself as Who and How I want to be. The above, and in the past three blogs, are all words on a screen, however, these words exist within me. Because I went inside and found what it is I want to live and express from now on, I described the experience in words, I brought the words forth and put them on to a screen, and I read them again. I read these words TO myself AS myself, thus I have spoken and listened. I have HEARD these words, and the process of writing out the point has had an effect on me.have had an effect on me.have influenced me.have challenged myself to see, do and be differently.have taken an active role in creating myself as Who and Howwant to be.
The effect of the practical application of these words has been laying the foundations of self-worth, self-care, and self-support, as well as a more dynamic self-experience. Because I value myself, I have shared myself, I have put myself ‘out there', and I am receiving different feedback, reactions and perspectives from others; things I would not have otherwise considered. Because I see myself as worthy, I am connecting to others, I'm expanding and growing, I'm learning, I'm finding solutions and pushing for them. Because I am supporting myself, I am allowing myself a voice and having an effect on my reality. This, to me, is pushing towards really living; and to answer the questions I asked at the beginning:
"Is being held back by fears worth not fully living? Am I prepared to look back on it all, and among all the ups and downs and experiences, feel an underlying theme of regret? Am I not brave enough to live as an equal to others and all that is Here? Will I accept and allow my own self-judgment lead me to live a life of unworthiness?"
The answer is an abounding YES! It is ALL worth it, because I am worth it.
If you would like to teach yourself how to find the answer to yourself within yourself, check out
,
a free online course. I have found this course amazingly supportive, teaching one discernment when it comes to what we accept and allow going on in our minds, and how to direct it to where we want it to be. Did I mention it's free? Give it a try cause there is nothing to lose, and join in the walk to freedom.
- See more at: http://dermotillomaniatolife.blo
The Trump administration is gutting President Barack Obama's climate legacy with a series of moves designed to favor the fossil fuel industry while punishing solar and wind energy producers — and Tuesday's proposal to repeal an E nvironmental P rotection A gency rule on power plants is just the most visible.
President Donald Trump's agencies have also taken steps toward buttressing coal's historically dominant role in the electricity markets, protecting it from rising competition from cleaner sources like natural gas and wind. The administration has opened the door to rolling back the stricter fuel-efficiency standards for cars and trucks that are due to take effect in 2022. And Trump's Interior Department is loosening Obama's limits on fossil fuel production on federal lands, while potentially clamping down on leases for wind and solar projects.
Story Continued Below
Also waiting in the wings is an upcoming trade decision that would allow Trump to sharply increase the cost of solar installations in the U.S. — eroding sun-powered electricity's ability to compete just as it weans itself off federal subsidies.
Trump's supporters say the steps are needed to protect jobs and American energy dominance. But clean-energy advocates say the actions imperil the planet's future.
"In the midst of flood and fire, our federal government is resolutely deciding to cover its eyes," said climate activist Bill McKibben, referring to the intense hurricanes and Western wildfires that have ravaged the U.S. "History will judge few things more harshly."
Here are five of the biggest U.S. energy policy shifts taking place under Trump:
1) Killing the power plant rule
The Clean Power Plan that the EPA is moving to revoke was the crown jewel of Obama's climate change legacy — representing the first time the U.S. had gone after the climate-warming pollution that's belched out of coal-fired power plants' smokestacks. EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt — a former Oklahoma attorney general who had sued to block the regulation — signed the paperwork Tuesday to begin the long process of withdrawing the rule, fulfilling a Trump campaign promise.
The power plant rule sought to capitalize on the U.S. electric industry's shift away from coal and toward natural gas and renewables. The Obama EPA had estimated the rule would cut the power sector's carbon dioxide emissions 32 percent below 2005 levels by 2030. (The U.S. is already more than halfway to that goal even without the rule.)
"This is a policy that the world wants and that makes sense because of market forces and a policy the world needs because, hello, we're seeing climate change effects on people every day," said Janet McCabe, Obama's former EPA air chief.
EPA's new repeal proposal echoes the coal industry's arguments — and Pruitt's previous legal filings — in contending that the Obama administration overstepped its authority.
Pruitt's agency is considering a potential replacement rule, but one that would yield much smaller emissions cuts. If that effort succeeds, a future Democratic administration could find itself barred from imposing significant regulations on greenhouse gases from other major polluting industries.
2) Securing coal's place in the markets
Energy Secretary Rick Perry issued a surprise directive last month aimed at altering the nation's electricity markets by giving an economic advantage to power plants that keep large fuel supplies on site — a move clearly aimed at helping the coal industry ward off increasingly stiff competition. (It would also benefit nuclear power, another economically struggling sector.)
Coal is the nation's most abundant power - plant fuel, but a combination of environmental regulations, huge surges in natural gas and wind-energy production and slumping demand for electricity have prompted power companies to shutter many coal-burning plants in the past decade. As recently as 2007, coal fueled more than half the electric power sector's net electricity generation — but as of this summer , that had fallen to less than a third.
Green-energy supporters say simple economics are spelling coal's demise — but Perry has argued that the trend puts the "resiliency" of the nation's power grid at risk, endangering national and economic security. Their plan, if enacted by the independent Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, would insulate coal and nuclear power plants from the low power prices that have put dozens of older plants into retirement.
DOE's proposal, according to one Montana utility regulator, would be “the largest change to electricity regulation in decades.”
Critics say the rule could heap billions of dollars in additional energy costs on homes and businesses without a guarantee that they wo uldn't lose power when the next hurricane rips out their power lines or a polar vortex freezes the pile of coal at a power plant.
But that decision will ultimately fall to the five commissioners of FERC, an agency made up largely of technocrats that has long sought to safeguard the energy markets. The markets aren't perfect, but Perry's rule is “a draconian way of fixing it,” said Pat Wood, a former FERC chief who was appointed by President George W. Bush.
3) Launching a solar trade war?
A vote by a federal trade panel last month will allow Trump to impose tariffs or a quota on imported solar panels that make up the vast majority of the fast-growing U.S. renewables market — if they choose to.
The decision by the U.S. International Trade Commission agreed with bankrupt solar manufacturers Suniva and SolarWorld that the low-cost imports had harmed U.S.-based producers. Now, people following the case expect that Trump will slap trade barriers on the imported solar equipment, which is largely produced by Chinese-based companies at factories across Asia.
Those barriers would help the small number of U.S.-based solar manufacturers that remain in existence but could send costs skyrocketing and hurt the much larger solar installation industry. It would also threaten to end the U.S. solar boom, which saw the technology become the country's biggest source of new power generation last year for the first time ever.
With the help of federal subsidies, which will be fully phased out by 2020, the solar industry has slashed costs far faster than predicted and grown more rapidly than expected. But the production of cells and panels has shifted to countries like Malaysia, Vietnam and South Korea.
The ITC will send its recommendations for trade remedies to Trump by Nov. 13 — though the White House can ultimately implement any barrier it chooses. That has solar installers and project developers in a panic, and many are stockpiling panels ahead of possible tariffs. The Solar Energy Industries Association is predicting up to 88,000 job losses, or nearly a third of the U.S. sector. And if domestic manufacturing ramps over the next year, 2018 is likely to see supply shortfalls and price spikes as production fails to catch even reduced demand.
Morning Energy newsletter The source for energy and environment news — weekday mornings, in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
4) Hitting the brakes on fuel economy
Trump announced in March that EPA would reconsider the tightened mileage standards that Obama had imposed for cars sold from 2022 to 2025, a move the former president's agencies had said would lift the average to about 50 miles per gallon. Trump's agency is expected to roll back the requirements.
In a review hastened to completion just before Obama left office, then-EPA chief Gina McCarthy affirmed that the aggressive mileage standard was feasible.
Trump's decision to review the target came amid pressure from U.S. automakers to cut back the standards, but it could backfire. The Clean Air Act includes an exception for California to set its own mileage standards, and if EPA changes the requirements, it won't affect California or the 11 other states that follow the Golden State's lead. For automakers, it opens up the nightmare scenario of producing cars for two different U.S. standards.
5) Opening federal lands to fossil fuels
Trump's Interior Department is seeking to boost oil, gas and coal production by taking a hatchet to Obama-era regulations that govern fossil fuel production on public land. One of the biggest moves so far would reverse Obama's tightened restrictions on leaks of planet-warming methane from drilling wells, pipelines and other infrastructure.
Interior also said it would postpone and rewrite a controversial Obama administration rule that requires drillers to publicly disclose the chemicals they used to frack wells on federal land, among other things.
Interior also has scuttled a review that probably would likely have increased the royalties that coal companies must pay to mine on federal land. And in August, Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke recommended that Trump shrink the size of several national monuments in Utah, Oregon and Nevada, a move that would potentially open them up for drilling or mining. Zinke is aiming to lift restrictions on grazing, mining, fishing and timber harvesting at those and a handful of other monuments.
Besides fighting against previous rules, Interior is trying to take steps it says will increase oil production off the Alaskan coasts and in the long-protected Arctic National Wildlife Refuge.
Darius Dixon, Ben Lefebvre, Emily Holden and Esther Whieldon contributed to this report.
SACRAMENTO (CBS13) — Texas Gov. Rick Perry is asking for an apology and their lieutenant governor wants The Sacramento Bee cartoonist who created it fired.
Sacramento's dollar daily is getting read in Texas where flags are flying at half-staff following last week's deadly fertilizer plant explosion.
The cartoon shows Perry boasting business is booming in Texas, with flags boasting lower taxes and regulations in one panel and in the next, big red letters reading “BOOM” in front of a picture of a massive blast.
Perry responded with the following statement:
“It was with extreme disgust and disappointment I viewed your recent cartoon. While I will always welcome healthy policy debate, I won't stand for someone mocking the tragic deaths of my fellow Texans and our fellow Americans.”
The newspaper is standing by Jack Ohman, who declined an interview request, but wrote on the newspaper's website:
“When I have to come up with these ideas, I can assure you that I am not really trying to be tasteless. I am not. What I am trying to do is make readers think about an issue in a striking way.”
Perry has promoted Texas as having a better business climate than California, with fewer regulations. The Texas plant reportedly hadn't been inspected since 2006.
Sacramento Constitutional attorney Jeff Kravitz called the cartoon good journalism.
“This is a serious and important issue,” Kravitz said. “The editorial cartoonist used a method, a shocking method, to bring people's attention to it. That's what their job is.”
Governments divided over how to deal with unprecedented migration to the EU, with states increasingly blaming each other
Europe's fragmented attempts to get to grips with its worst ever migration crisis are disintegrating into a slanging match between national capitals ahead of what is shaping up to be a major clash between eastern and western Europe over a common response.
Berlin has won plaudits for seizing the moral high ground and opening its doors unconditionally to Syrian refugees but Austria and Hungary attacked it on Tuesday for stoking chaos at their railway stations, on their roads and at their borders as thousands of people seek transit to Germany.
A laboratory for refugee politics: inside Passau, the 'German Lampedusa' Read more
The German chancellor, Angela Merkel, rejected the criticism and stepped up their campaign to pressure reluctant EU partners into relieving the load on Germany and taking part in a more equitable system of sharing refugees across the EU.
“We must push through uniform European asylum policies,” they said. With Germany expecting to process 800,000 asylum applications this year – more than four times the figure for 2014 and more than the rest of the EU combined – Merkel insisted that there had to be a fairer distribution. “The criteria must be discussed,” they said.
Mariano Rajoy, the Spanish prime minister, stood alongside Merkel in Berlin as they spoke, but they rejected the German pressure for a new system of binding quotas for refugees spread across the EU. “Some countries don't want refugees,” they said. “You can't force anyone [to take them].”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A young girl walks in front of Hungarian police officers prevent people from entering a central Budapest train station. Photograph: Matt Cardy/Getty Images
“It's not the time to be pointing fingers at each other,” said Natasha Bertaud, the European commission's spokesperson on immigration.
Merkel's comments came as Hungarian authorities closed Budapest's main station to refugees and migrants following chaotic scenes on Monday, when people who had been camped outside for weeks were suddenly allowed to leave for Austria and Germany without visa checks.
The move followed the station's complete closure earlier, when all trains to the west had been stopped from leaving. Police in helmets and wielding batons surrounded Keleti station's grand, crumbling facade and dozens of refugees and migrants who were inside were forced out.
As night fell more than 300 migrants were still being barred from the station by police, and rights group Hungarian Helsinki Committee warned that the situation was “very tense and unpredictable”.
The blocked migrants chanted “Germany! Germany! We want to leave!” in protest, and some held their babies in the air as a sign of their distress.
Hungarian railway authorities said they would allow “only those in possession of the appropriate travel documents and – if necessary – a visa” to board trains travelling to western Europe.
The difficulties of forging a consensus were apparent, however, from the increasingly vicious blame game played by EU governments. Berlin and Brussels are pushing strongly for a more equitable and coordinated system to replace the current patchwork of incoherent and inconsistent national systems.
There is no pan-European policy and most powers over immigration rest with national governments, but Hungary and the Czech Republic have blamed the crisis squarely on Europe, and both reject common policy proposals from Brussels.
Both countries are talking about deploying their armed forces on their borders to keep out people fleeing war and persecution, many of them bona fide refugees.
János Lázár, an aide to the Hungarian prime minister, Viktor Orbán, said: “It is the policies of the past 10 years which have led to this situation. The leftist approach of the European commission, according to which anybody should be allowed into the territory of the European Union. The EU has failed to manage the situation and the problem are the EU itself, which is incapable of protecting its own borders.”
How many asylum seekers would other EU countries need to match Germany? Read more
The Czech president, Miloš Zeman, made similar comments on Monday, and the Slovak prime minister, Robert Fico, echoed the Kremlin's criticism of western Europe by blaming it for the civil wars in Syria and Libya and the ensuing refugee crisis.
Central European countries are seeking to minimise the number of newcomers they host. The prime ministers of Hungary, Poland, Slovakia and the Czech Republic are to meet on Friday to seek a common position of defiance towards the pressure from Berlin and Brussels, especially on the question of obligatory quotas.
“We will see who refuses and who does not,” Merkel said last Friday. Poland has already diluted its resistance to Berlin's demands and said it would take in more refugees. The country's nationalist right is tipped to win elections next month, however, and the centre-right government in Warsaw sees its scope for concessions as limited during an election campaign.
Hungary and Austria, both countries of passage for the thousands of people clamouring to reach Germany, sought explanations from Berlin but the former partners in the Hapsburg empire reserved their vitriol for each other.
Werner Faymann, the Austrian chancellor, joined French-led criticism of Orbán in Budapest and talked of vetoing EU funding for Hungary. The Hungarian foreign minister, Péter Szijjártó, accused Faymann of lying and summoned the Austrian ambassador for a dressing down.
“We reject all statements which are based on lies and are capable of provoking anger and aggressive situations such as the one that the Austrian chancellor made this time,” Szijjártó said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A group of migrants walks to Serbia's border with Hungary. Photograph: Matt Cardy/Getty Images
Orbán is expected in Brussels on Thursday for talks with Jean-Claude Juncker, the president of the European commission.
With Germany's support, Brussels is to set out a more ambitious agenda next week when Juncker delivers their first State of the Union speech to the European parliament.
They will reiterate demands for mandatory refugee quotas, rejected by central European countries, the Baltic states and Spain, and propose a new permanent mechanism that would trigger the automatic distribution of refugees across Europe in an emergency.
Hungary closes main Budapest station to refugees Read more
EU interior and justice ministers will then scrap over the proposals on 14 September. Juncker is opposed on the issue by Poland's Donald Tusk, the other EU president who chairs summits such as the June session on immigration, which lasted until 3.30am with tempers frayed, insults traded and results absent.
EU governments have agreed to take in 32,000 refugees who have arrived in Italy and Greece on a voluntary basis over the next two years, barely a third of those now arriving in Europe monthly.
Merkel, who describes the migration crisis as the biggest of their decade in office, has said that national border controls may have to be reimposed across Europe's passport-free Schengen zone unless a more concerted approach can be agreed.
Senior officials from across the EU are meeting in Brussels this week to try to agree on a common list of “safe countries of origin”, meaning that migrants arriving from countries on the list can be deported more quickly.
This would ease the pressure on Germany, because more than 40% of those currently arriving are from the countries of the former Yugoslavia and Albania, where the risk of political persecution is deemed to be small.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Mariano Rajoy and Angela Merkel in Berlin. Photograph: Jakob Ratz/Demotix/Corbis
Current arrangements are confusing, with some EU countries running their own lists of safe countries of origin, others not, and not a single country appearing on all lists.
The issue is sensitive and politically divisive and whether safe country lists are effective is arguable. Germany lists Serbia, Bosnia, and Macedonia as safe countries, but plenty of asylum seekers are arriving from those countries. Its list does not include Kosovo or Albania, but Berlin wants those countries on the common EU list being negotiated by the European commission. France, however, dropped Kosovo from its safe list last year.
Including a country on the safe list invalidate asylum seeking. “Asylum rights are always individual. Claims have to be examined individually,” said Bertaud. “A safe country of origin list fast-tracks the procedure, based on the assumption they would not qualify for asylum.”
Remember Katherine Fenton, the young woman who asked the candidates a question about the gender pay gap during Tuesday's debate? The one who gave Barack Obama the chance to remind us that the first law they ever signed was the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act, and gave Mitt Romney the chance to give us all a great meme (and also invent a story about their track record of hiring women)? Well, because that 24-year-old woman had the nerve, the audacity, to ask about gender inequality – IN PUBLIC, OUT LOUD – she's now the target of attacks on the right.
I'm not going to link to the Free Beacon, the conservative site that yesterday put up a post about Fenton – with no author byline, real classy move – because I don't want to give them the traffic. But Free Beacon has taken to Fenton's Twitter feed in an attempt to find tweets that will discredit them And as we all know, the best way to discredit a woman in America is to call them a slut (it's a tie with “fat” and “ugly,” and you get extra Douchebag Points if you can do all three). From Raw Story:
The article, published anonymously, alleged that Katherine Fenton's Twitter account “reveals that purple Joose is their choice to get blackout drunk and they have a history of getting wet at happy hour.” The article also highlights sexually suggestive messages Fenton allegedly sent from their Twitter account.
The Twitter account cited in the article no longer exists.
Yeah, you take that, 24-year-old kindergarten teacher who wants to be paid as much as a man doing the same job! Now you'll think twice before publicly voicing an opinion, you slutty slut slut! You're lucky we let you vote, you drunken hussy!
Irin Carmon at Salon had an interview with Fenton yesterday, in which Fenton said that they didn't feel either candidate answered their question, and that she's still an undecided voter. One thing I bet she's not undecided about, though, is that this shit is uncool.
According to that interview, Fenton doesn't consider themselves a feminist, but let me tell you something, Katherine: if a 24-year-old man had stood up and asked a question that conservatives didn't like, they wouldn't pull this kind of stunt. They wouldn't bring up their drinking and throw around sexual innuendo about him, because in our culture, drinking and fucking make men more powerful, not less.
This shit is sexist, and feminism is the fight against sexism. You might not consider yourself one of us, Katherine, but we've got your back anyway.
Massively multiplayer online games fail because the people who make them simply can't keep up with the gamers who play them, Sony Online Entertainment president John Smedley said today.
The solution, they believe, is to cede some of that content creation over to players through emergent storytelling, lasting consequences and perhaps most importantly, by allowing players to literally make pieces of Sony's next EverQuest, and get paid to do so.
Smedley today detailed how EverQuest Next will fundamentally reimagine the characters, lore and environments of the franchise and, in some respects, the genre. They also announced EverQuest Next Landmark, a parallel game and creation tool that hopes to mash together the best of EverQuest and Minecraft and turn it into something that isn't just fun to play, but profitable for players.
EverQuest Next Landmark, free-to-play like all of Sony Online Entertainment's games, hits this winter and uses the same building tools used by developers to create Next, but gamifies the process so players need to mine for material and craft, while building in the varied terrain.
EVERQUEST NEXT
"With EverQuest Next, we're going back to our roots — a space we defined with the EverQuest legacy — and ushering in a new era of MMOs: The Emergent Era," Smedley said in a prepared statement. "Today, many MMOs fail because players consume content faster than developers can create it. With EverQuest Next, we're creating a living world that players are part of and empowering them to produce new content alongside the development team. What does the future hold for EverQuest Next and Sony Online Entertainment? It's in the players' hands, and we like it that way."
In a recent demonstration in New York, Dave Georgeson, director of development for the EverQuest franchise, explained that after working on this new game for several years they decided to "mothball it" and start over.
"We were doing what everyone else had been doing," they said.
When the original EverQuest hit in 1999, it had few competitors. But then World of Warcraft hit in 2004 and broke EverQuest's stranglehold on the genre, creating its own dominance.
There were clear iterations in Blizzard's own high fantasy online game, but the core experience remained unchanged from EverQuest, Georgeson said, and the games that have come since still adhere to those principles.
"All of the other guys are reiterating the same things," they said. "Most of them are pretty much the same game. We realized that if we did the same thing we would probably have the same fate, which was the big spike up at release and then a drop. We wanted to build a game that we haven't built before."
So about two years ago, the team set about dismantling what they had created so far for EverQuest Next and examining what everyone else had done or was doing. Out of that deconstruction, came a set of "holy grails," Georgeson said.
These five holy grails are things that everyone on the team always wanted to do, they said, but either didn't have the technology to support or the "intestinal fortitude."
NO MORE D&D
EverQuest Next's first grail was to improve the core of the game and for the developers that meant they needed to "stop playing Dungeons and Dragons." Role-playing games lean too heavily on the gameplay models established by D&D, Georgeson said.
"We wanted to bring a different game," they said. "That particular model has some real drawbacks."
There are no levels in Next.
The solution is to create a game that uses multi-classing. There are no levels in Next, but there will be more than 40 distinct "professions" to choose from at launch. Each of those professions will have their own multi-tiered abilities and specialized weapon skills to collect and master.
"You can collect or you can play mix-and-match abilities between the classes," they said. "Every class also has two different weapons."
And those weapons aren't just about the amount of damage they do, they're being designed to "fundamentally change your gameplay."
BLOW UP ANYTHING, ANYTIME, ANYWHERE
The second tenet of Next is destructible environments.
"Blow up anything, anytime, anywhere," Georgeson said. "Every designer in the history of gaming has wanted to make that game."
And in EverQuest Next, they're doing it.
"Everything is composed of pieces, so we can destroy anything," they said.
And it's not just about destruction, it's also about manipulation.
"An Earth Wizard can raise a stone wall and monsters have to path around it, or you can make a hole and pepper them with fire," they said. "Lots of characters' abilities do different types of deformation. Catapults can chew away at terrain."
As players tear away at the surface of the planet they'll be able to explore deep into the land's bedrock.
While the destruction is an important part of the game — even AI-controlled enemies will use it, Georgeson said — they can't make it permanent. Creating a world where everything is destructible at anytime would likely lead to a shrinking world that would eventually get chewed away to nothing.
The solution is to allow the land to heal, Georgeson said. They said the team hasn't yet determined how quickly the land will heal; it's something they're still trying to find the right balance for.
But some player action in the world is permanent.
Permanent Change
A key issue with MMOs, the team realizes, is that everyone eventually has a very similar story to tell when it comes to the big events of the world they inhabit.
"Your stories are kind of boring to the other players because they've all done what you did," they said.
The solution is to create events, called Rally Calls, which can have a permanent impact on the world, and can't be repeated or reset for the next batch of players.
These Rally Calls are like a public quest. For instance, settlers might ask you and others to help them build a frontier town, and then to build a stone wall around it. Once completed, that town and wall won't reset itself everyday, it will stay there forever or until it's destroyed.
Rally Calls will lead to epic stories that seem more meaningful to players.
"When you come into the game as a new player, you can no longer do that sort of quest," Georgeson said.
These Rally Calls will lead to cities rising and falling, large-scale wars and, the developers hope, epic stories that seem more meaningful to players because they had to be there at the right time to experience them.
New players might ask gamers who have played for longer, "What was it like back in the beginning?" Georgeson theorizes. "That was before the civil war and the dragon attacks."
These dramatic, lasting changes, the developers believe, will change the way people play Next and impact the sort of decisions they might make in the course of their gaming.
Emergent AI
These permanent changes and the destructible environment means that the game needs a smarter sort of artificial intelligence for the game, Georgeson said.
To make better use of these new takes on an MMO, non-player characters will be given specific motivations and preferences that will help guide their behavior, instead of a narrow script of what to do.
For example, orcs will be designed to like gold, to like attacking unguarded caravans and to like forming settlements on their own.
"Then we release the orcs into the world and they know what they like or don't like and then form their camps," Georgeson said. "They stay there until things change and they don't like it anymore."
NPC are guided by motivation, not script.
That could tie into a rallying call too, they said.
Maybe a town asks people to help put a stop to raids by orcs on their caravan. And then, in response, the emergent AI has the orcs decide to start attacking the town, and the townfolk ask for a wall to be built. That in turn leads to bigger attacks by more orcs. The entire thing can set off a back-and-forth domino effect that leads to a full-scale war, one never designed, predicted or scripted.
The AI also uses this sort of thinking and applies it to combat as well, so orcs might spread the message of a special attack players use on them that is very effective, and figure out a way to thwart it, Georgeson said.
A Life of Consequence
All of this comes together, the developers hope, to deliver a game that makes players feel like they have virtual lives with meaning within the game.
Characters in the game won't follow scripted lives, they'll live by their programmed wants and mores. The game will "remember every choice and action that players make and will organically deliver opportunities to do more of the things players like to do."
A virtual life with meaning.
"We believe that the bold choices the team is making with EQN will result in a product that provides players with an absolutely new kind of game experience," Laura Naviaux, senior vice president of global sales and marketing, Sony Online Entertainment, said in a prepared statement. "However, there is something even more important to us. As an organization, we are dedicated to partnering with our community to give them a voice in the games we create. With EQN, we are taking this idea even further and offering our players to the opportunity to actively build EQN with us."
LANDMARK
After walking us through those five tentpole elements of EverQuest Next and the impact the team thinks they will have on their game, Georgeson paused and then said, "One more thing."
"We needed a voxel editor to make this game," they said. "We wanted to make it intuitive. Then we decided to productize it and make it more into a game itself and give it to the players."
EverQuest Next Landmark ships this winter. "It's a gateway to everything EverQuest Next," Georgeson said. But where EverQuest Next is a story-driven experience, Landmark is an experience that, like Minecraft, is driven by creation. The creation game will exist across a variety of procedurally generated, persistent worlds, Georgeson said, each of which will support thousands of players. The day the worlds open up to players, they will be given a flag and set free to run the land looking for a place to stake their claim. That land, once claimed, will be a player's permanently; a place they can build and not be harassed, but can invite friends to help out on.
In a short demonstration of the tools used in the game, Georgeson started by building an archway of cubes.
"In Minecraft you would see this movement, where you build with cubes," they said. "We wanted to go further."
Next Georgeson started slicing away at the cubes with a bevel and smoothing it with another tool.
Ultimately, they said, showing an image of a much more realistic natural cave, players can create this.
As with Minecraft, players will have to find resources to use in their creations. Players can also find pre-built items spread across the worlds which they can take back to their land. They'll also find recipes and templates that can be used for creating items on specific sorts of crafting tables located in certain hubs in the world.
There will be no rules about what is made in Landmark, so things won't, for instance, have to be all EverQuest themed. Making EverQuest Next-themed items, though will have its advantages.
Players can sell their creations to one another for real money for use, if appropriate, in either or both games. Players can also sell particularly good creations to Sony Online Entertainment for an "appropriate" fee.
"If we get one million people playing Landmark," Georgeson said, "and ten percent start making things, and ten percent of those finish and ten percent of that isn't crap, that's still a thousand people making cool stuff. And we don't have 1,000 people on the development team."
Occasionally, SOE will also have contests requesting specific creations to help direct some of the items being made with an eye toward use in Next, Georgeson said.
The future of MMOS
EverQuest Next is a reboot of the EverQuest lore in the way the modern Star Trek movies rethink and retell the story of Star Trek. They're set in the same universe, but things have been changed.
"Dragons have a lot more influence, they're smarter and more organized," Georgeson said, as one example.
The world itself is more dynamic and vertical; there's a lot of traveling to the roof of the planet and into its underground.
There will be guns of a sort.
But the biggest changes, the idea of empowering players to help shape the world of EverQuest Next, both narratively and literally, aren't simply for this game.
This new approach to MMOs, Georgeson said, is something that the company is looking at as a possibility for everything they do.
"EverQuest Next is the future of our company," they said. "We're really committed to this."
Check out six videos from yesterday's demonstration of the game here.
Another month brings another D&D feedback survey.
With another month behind us, it's time for another D&D survey. First of all, thanks to everyone who takes the time to fill these out. The feedback loop we've established is hugely important to keep the game healthy. There are many ways you can spend your time, and devoting a few minutes each month to providing feedback goes a long way. So, thanks for helping out!
Last time, we asked you some basic questions about how often you play D&D, the life cycle of your campaigns, what you thought of the character races in comparison to each other, and if you enjoyed the Adventurers League content we've produced.
Let's talk a bit about the nature of the typical D&D fifth edition campaign. According to survey results, the typical campaign meets once per week and has been running since the game's release. It takes place in the Forgotten Realms. If the game ends, it will be because scheduling becomes too difficult. Luckily, within a month people involved in a game that ended have already launched a new one.
Most of you are still playing in the 1st to 6th level range. You pine for a game that runs all the way to 20th level, but agree that your most likely end point is around levels 10 to 12. You've been happy with the adventures we've published so far, but seem to have a preference more open-ended, sandbox style adventures.
Regarding races, we saw a definite trend that the smaller races (halflings, gnomes) are seen as the weakest options by the community. It's dangerous for us to delve into why that is at this point, but it is an overall trend that we will examine in the future. As we've noted in the past, when it comes to any potential changes to the game we'll take a slow, considered approach. The first step will be to develop a clearer understanding of why trends emerge, the root causes behind them, and if they need any sort of mechanical option to address them.
Overall, as a group you're quite happy with the Adventurers League. The Adventurers League staff has done a great job in producing adventures that people have been happy to play and run. The adventures designed specifically for the Adventurers League mostly scored higher than the adaptation of the Tyranny of Dragons adventures for D&D Encounters. There is definitely a tension between creating an adventure that covers levels 1 to 15 and is meant for weekly, home play, versus the more episodic approach taken with the rest of the Adventurers League content. It's a topic we've talked about and brainstormed some ways in which we can improve on an already strong program.
Once more, thanks for providing your input and helping guide the future of a game we all play and love.
The Latest Survey
We're also looking for participation in our latest survey.
When I first arrived in Aden in late January we could leave the hospital where we live and work to go out into the city. That all changed drastically, almost overnight, when the fighting and bombings began just over two weeks ago. Since then we have been on lockdown inside the hospital.
Our surgical project now regularly deals with influxes of war wounded people. Since the fighting started we've treated 580 patients. The worst day was 26 March, the day after the Saudi-led air strikes began, when 110 injured people came in for emergency care. One of the major roads to the hospital is now blocked, so there may be people out there who have been injured but cannot get through to us. We'd like to send more ambulances out into the city to pick people up, but at times it is too dangerous.
Most of our patients are young men, but we've also treated women and children. Almost all of them have been injured by gunshots, snipers or shrapnel. I've seen men in their 20s come in with their legs blown off – I've never seen injuries like it before. We've also had children who have been badly injured while they were playing. We are a surgical project, but at times people have injuries to their heads or necks that are too serious for us to treat so we have to refer them elsewhere.
There are fighters everywhere. We don't know who is controlling the area outside the hospital. It seems to change hourly
Our small team of six international staff work 24/7 with our team of 140 Yemeni staff – they are the lifeblood of the hospital. Although it can be dangerous for our local staff to come to work, so many do every day. Often it is too insecure for them to leave, so we try to take people back home in an ambulance or they stay overnight at the hospital.
The atmosphere is tense and very stressful. We hear fighting outside the hospital and bombs falling a little further away. We take it in turns to sleep for a couple of hours at a time, though it is often on the floor in the corridor – a safe distance from the windows in our rooms.
We desperately need more international staff to come and relieve us. Our surgeon, anaesthetist and head nurse are exhausted. A backup team are stuck in Djibouti.
The airports have closed so the only way into Aden is by boat, but there are serious restrictions in place at the port. We also need more drugs and medical supplies. Unless we get supplies through in the coming days, we will run out.
We don't ask how our patients were wounded – our business is only to provide medical care. I do ask where in the city people were injured so that I can try to piece together where heavy fighting is taking place and where is unsafe for our drivers to go.
Yemen conflict: 'This war has killed everything that was beautiful' Read more
Some of those who come to us for treatment will doubtless be fighters, but they respect our rules to leave the conflict at the door and know that we treat people from both sides. Our neutrality and impartiality are the best protection we have, and enables us to keep the hospital open. Because we have been providing free surgical care here since 2011, people have a good understanding of what we are trying to do. For the moment the hospital is relatively safe and we have not been affected by the insecurity, but of course at times we worry that we are in danger.
There are fighters everywhere and we don't know who is controlling the area outside the hospital – it seems to change on an hourly basis.
When a large influx of patients arrives there is no time to think – we have to be strong, focused, and keep a distance so that we can do our jobs. It is when we sit down to debrief and make a list of the cases that have come in that day that we can reflect a little more on what is happening.
• Valerie Pierre is the project coordinator at Médecins Sans Frontières' surgical project in Aden
Uttar Pradesh cabinet minister and Samajwadi Party (SP) leader Azam Khan has kicked up a new controversy by claiming that Shahi Imam Bukhari is actually an RSS agent.
According to a report in an English daily, addressing mediapersons at their home on Friday, Khan said, "Had my son married a Hindu girl, it would have created a political storm, but RSS was silent when Bukhari's son married a Hindu girl. RSS could not see a love jihad in this wedding."
Khan then said that Bukhari was working at the behest of RSS, and was misleading the Muslim community. Khan asked Bukhari to pay attention to religious activities and not meddle in UP politics.
Addressing mediapersons at their home on Friday, Khan said, "Had my son married a Hindu girl, it would have created a political storm, but RSS was silent when Bukhari's son married a Hindu girl. RSS could not see a love jihad in this wedding."
In a tit for tat, Bukhari called Khan a 'blot on the community' and demanded their dismissal from the state cabinet, says the English daily. Bukhari then wrote to SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav and chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, alleging that Muslims had no say in the UP government only because of Azam Khan.
"Resentment among Muslims against Azam and the SP government is growing every day. Muslims have already expressed their anger against the SP government by voting against them during the recently-concluded panchayat elections," said Bukhari. They further claimed that leaders like Azam Khan were fanning the flames of Hindu-Muslim disunity in the country.
COLOPL's Battle Girl High School game app has an unlinked news page for its tie-in Sakamoto-P no Nadenade Jōhō-Bu web radio program, and the page lists an anime adaptation which has been green-lit. COLOPL had been planning to make an "important announcement" on the web radio program on Thursday at 3:00 p.m.
The school action role-playing game is set in the year 2045. The world has been contaminated by Irōsu (mysterious invaders who suddenly appeared), and humans find themselves restricted and contained. Standing boldly against these invaders are ordinary girls everywhere, without a powerful army or even weapons.
The Shinjugammine Girls Academy is a school for these "Hoshimori" (Star Guardians) destined to fight the Irōsu. The player is assigned to this academy to train the girls and take back the contaminated Earth. And so, once again, the chimes echo through the sun-strewn schoolyard to mark the beginning of classes today …
COLOPL launched the game as a free-to-play app (with in-game item purchases) for iOS and Android devices in April 2015.
[Via Otakomu]
TAMPA — Hillsborough sheriff's detectives want to question an 18-year-old man about last week's slaying of a transgender woman who was found in a University Area park.
The man they want to question is Keith Lamayne Gaillard, who has an active arrest warrant on a charge of being a felon in possession of a firearm, according to the Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office.
It is not clear what connection they might have to the victim, India Clarke, 25.
Clarke was found dead July 21 near a playground at the University Area Community Center. Deputies identified the victim by the name they were given at birth, Samuel Elijah Clarke.
No one has been charged in Clarke's death.
Gaillard is believed to be somewhere in the area west of the University of South Florida, deputies said. Their last known address was an apartment off Fletcher Avenue.
Deputies said that Gaillard has what they described as an "extensive" criminal history. That history includes three arrests as a juvenile on adult charges of grand theft and marijuana possession, according to records. In June, they were released from the county jail after serving 180 days for grand theft of a motor vehicle, records show.
Anyone with information about Gaillard's whereabouts is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1 (800) 873-TIPS (8477).
As is so often the case with Mr. Trump, the facts are not on their side. Illegal immigration to the United States has been on a downward trend in recent years, even as spending on border security has soared. Between 1983 and 2006, an average of 1.2 million people a year were apprehended trying to enter the country unlawfully. In 2016, just over 415,000 were caught trying to enter; most were Central Americans fleeing violence and poverty. Meanwhile, border security funding has increased from $263 million in 1990 to $3.8 billion in 2015.
Mr. Trump would add significantly to that spending. They have insisted that Mexico will ultimately pay for the wall — a vow that is either deceitful or delusional. Mr. Trump ordered federal agencies to tally the foreign aid Mexico receives from the United States, which seems like a threat to withhold future assistance for initiatives such as narcotics enforcement and judicial programs.
Even if Mr. Trump was to cut off aid to Mexico, the savings would be modest; it got roughly $142 million in 2016, which doesn't begin to pay for a wall along the 1,989-mile border. Besides costing billions, the type of barrier Mr. Trump has proposed would cause severe environmental damage and lead to lawsuits over private land.
The executive orders do not address the fate of hundreds of thousands of young immigrants brought to the country as children who were given a temporary reprieve from deportation by the Obama administration.
While Mr. Trump has the authority to order the detention of all immigrants apprehended while entering without permission and end the practice of releasing them pending court dates — which the executive order appears to call for — Congress should withhold the funding needed to carry out this plan. Leaders in so-called sanctuary cities, like New York and Los Angeles, have rightly recognized that immigrants, including those here without permission, are more of an asset than a burden. Their defiance is likely now to be tested by renewed calls to turn local police officers into immigration enforcers. The courage of local leaders may help stymie Mr. Trump's misguided approach.
Veganism, and its close cousin Vegetarianism, are terms that you've probably encountered before as dietary choices that are becoming increasingly popular in the U.S. Although these terms get thrown around a lot, it's important to understand exactly what they mean and where they come from before knowing whether one of these lifestyles is right for you.
Both being vegan and vegetarian involve the absence of meat and animal products in a person's diet, but to varying degrees. Vegetarian is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of meat. Any kind of meat including poultry and seafood are not eaten but animal by-products such as eggs and dairy can be eaten. Vegan is the practice of abstaining from the consumption of all animal products. This includes all forms of meat, dairy and eggs but also other animal made products such as honey.
According to the website The Vegetarian Times there are currently 7.3 million Americans that are vegetarian and another 22.8 million that have a diet which is vegetarian-inclined. There are many reasons as to why people choose to go this route. For some it is about the ethical treatment of animals while for others it's about improving health as a vegan/vegetarian diet has been known to aid in disease prevention and weight loss. Whatever your reasons are, if you want to lead a vegan or vegetarian lifestyle, it is now easier than ever. To help you get started we've included a vegan recipe below!
Peas, Carrots and Tempeh with Miso-Almond Sauce
(Courtesy of The Vegetarian Times)
Serves 4 — 30 minutes or fewer
The sauce here is the sort of fusion you might expect if a Southeast Asian peanut sauce met a Middle Eastern tahini in Japan.
1 cup quinoa
3 Tbs. almond butter
2 Tbs. lemon or lime juice
1 Tbs. yellow miso
1 Tbs. grated fresh ginger
1 clove garlic, minced (1 tsp.)
1 Tbs. peanut or canola oil
1 8-oz. pkg. plain tempeh, cubed
4 carrots, halved and sliced into half-moons (1¾ cups)
1 lb. sugar snap peas (2½ cups)
Bring 2 cups water to a boil. Add quinoa, cover, and reduce heat to medium-low. Simmer 20 minutes, or until all water is absorbed. Remove from heat, and let stand 5 minutes.
Whisk together almond butter, lemon juice, miso, ginger, and garlic. Whisk in 1/3 cup water. Set aside.
Heat wok over high heat, until water droplets evaporate within 1 second. Add oil, and swirl to coat wok. Add tempeh, and stir-fry 2 minutes. Add carrots, and stir-fry 2 minutes. Add sugar snap peas, and stir-fry 1 minute. Remove from heat.
Fluff quinoa with fork, top with vegetables, and drizzle with miso-almond mixture.
ADL: Texas sees most white supremacist materials on college campuses
It appears that the swastika that was drawn on Rice University's William Marsh Rice statue has been removed on Sunday, February 5, in Houston. ( Yi-Chin Lee/ Houston Chronicle) Rice university It appears that the swastika that was drawn on Rice University's William Marsh Rice statue has been removed on Sunday, February 5, in Houston. ( Yi-Chin Lee/ Houston Chronicle) Rice university Photo: Yi-Chin Lee / Houston Chronicle/Rice Vandalism Photo: Yi-Chin Lee / Houston Chronicle/Rice Vandalism Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close ADL: Texas sees most white supremacist materials on college campuses 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Texas has seen the most white supremacist fliers posted to college campuses this academic year as racist groups have worked to recruit more young people, the Anti-Defamation League said in a report released Monday.
The ADL, a leading group against ant-Semitism and other bigotry, said there have been more than 100 instances of white supremacist fliers since September, the vast majority of which took place since January.
Two national groups – Identity Evropa and American Vanguard – are responsible for many of these efforts, the ADL said. In Texas, the ADL attributed 14 incidents on eight campuses to four groups. Two additional incidents have not been claimed by a white supremacist group.
California saw 12 incidents, the ADL found.
The full post is here. Read prior Houston Chronicle coverage here. We've also been mapping incidents around Texas here.
Each drive in a college football game can be assigned an expected point value based on where that drive starts. Those expected point values range from 0.76 points for a drive beginning 99 yards from the end zone to 6.34 for drives beginning one yard from the end zone. (TDs are assumed to be seven points).
By comparing the expected points for a team's drives to the actual points scored, we can get a picture of how efficiently a team capitalizes on the opportunities it has in a game. A team with a positive Drive-Point Efficiency rating is able to score more points than would have been expected based on their drive starting spots. Conversely, a team with a negative Drive-Point Efficiency rating scored fewer points than expected.
The actual rating is how many more or fewer points, on average, the team scored than the expected total points. For example, Oregon's Drive-Point Efficiency rating for Weeks 1 and 2 is 1.98, meaning the Ducks are averaging 1.98 more points per drive than would have been expected based on their drive starting spots.
This measure works for offense and defense, with the only difference in interpretation being that a negative Drive-Point Efficiency rating is better.
If a team scores on special teams or on a turnover it will help the offensive efficiency by increasing total points scored but not the number of drives.
When the offensive and defensive ratings are charted together, we get a picture of what teams maximized their opportunities on both sides of the ball. In all cases, further right and further up is better. The chart is interactive -- you can filter based on conference.
The middle-aged Sikhs, seated on plastic chairs in Matoi village's panchayat office, take dainty sips of Limca and try their best to ignore the tall, slender, 24-year-old woman dressed in a floral kurta, red salwar, blue and white polka dot dupatta and red flip-flops. Sandeep Kaur sits 10 feet away from the men, on the floor, chanting slogans from behind a cordon of burly police officers.
"The auction for 17 bighas [3.4 acres] of panchayat land reserved for scheduled castes is open," mutters Jasbir Singh Bhanju, Matoi's block development and panchayat officer (BDPO).
"Thieves!" Sandeep interrupts. "Thieves, thieves, thieves."
The Village Commons Land (Regulation) Act of 1961 allows panchayats to rent village land to the highest bidder on the condition that a third is reserved for the scheduled castes and auctioned separately. Yet, for years now, villagers allege and government officials privately admit, dominant Jat-Sikh farmers have subverted the process by bidding for the reserved lands through Dalit intermediaries.
This summer, auctions have been disrupted in at least five villages in Sangrur alone. On Friday, 12 people, including four women and seven police officers, were hospitalised in a clash between villagers and the authorities during the auction of 100 acres of reserved land at Balad Kalan, 20 km from Matoi. Punjab's Minister for Rural Development Sikander Singh Maluka is investigating the unrest in Sangrur as they fear the movement could gather momentum across the state, says their aide.
Thirty two per cent of Punjab's population is Dalit, the highest proportion in the country, and inter-caste friction is often sparked by rival claims to village resources. Yet, activists say, most violence slips beneath the radar until the conflict spirals out of control; in part, because the police are reluctant to register complaints under the and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act 1989.
In 2009, for instance, 1,300 mostly Dalit landless labourers were arrested when the administration cracked down on an agitation for homestead plots for poor families evicted from panchayat land. In 2003, two clashes broke out - one over the control of the finances of a shrine in Talhan, Jalandhar and the other over the right to till common land in Hasanpur in Sangrur.
In Matoi, a routine exercise in rubberstamping has turned into a public confrontation between dominant castes entrenched in Punjab's bureaucracy and the Ekta Club, a group of 10 young Dalit women, all aged between 18 and 24, who assemble each week at Sandeep's beauty parlour.
On the streets, a crowd of Jat men hums with quiet menace; at the auction, the of Matoi sits alongside Jat officials and Jat police officers. The two Dalits present say they are here to make bids with their own money.
Amarjeet Kaur, a homemaker, says they have sold their bridal jewellery to bid for the right to till this land for one year.
Why? "Just."
The other bidder, Parsha Ram, is a landless labourer who says they will take a loan - "at whatever interest rate" - to grow "something or the other".
The bid opens at Rs 7,000 per bigha. Parsha Ram offers Rs 7,100; Amarjeet looks to the Jat farmer sitting behind them and makes a winning bid for Rs 7,200 once they nod their assent.
"No Dalit has this much money," Sandeep says, "These people are stooges for the Jats. Stop the auction!"
But this auction is over. "There is no proof that upper caste Sikhs are behind this auction," Bhanju tells me before driving off in a red SUV, "There is no truth to these allegations."
Fifteen minutes later, a mob of lathi-wielding men bursts out from village sarpanch Jora Singh's home. I watch in horror as three Dalit men are thrown to the ground and pummelled with sticks, fists and kicks to the head. The police take their time before bestirring themselves.
"Now you know everything about our village," says Sandeep, shaken but defiant, "Now you know why we are fighting for our land."
But what will they grow on the land?
"Weeds."
I'm often asked about the time involved in creating this weekly blog.
The answer; it depends.
Sometimes I'll write an article months or weeks before it's posted. Other times, I receive some fresh perspective and inspiration that changes my direction, and presents a new idea, superseding what I've already written, started to write or plan to share.
This post is the source of recent inspiration that supersedes anything I planned to share today.
On last night's radio show, I asked my listening audience the question, “Are you a winner?” and discussed the qualities of an individual with a winning mentality. Towards the end of the show, a gentleman called the radio station and revealed that the last ten years had been losing years for him. They shared their many losses related to relationships, finances, and career. They also expressed that drug abuse played a large role in this losing streak. During our conversation, they explained how the Inspirational Perspective radio show helped them resolve to turn their life around. While sharing some of the steps they took to get their life back on track, they captivated me with a truly inspiring statement.
They said, “I am working on the inner me, so that I do not become an enemy of me.”
While driving home from the studio, these words played repeatedly in my head. All too often, we focus our full attention on the exterior presence, while completely neglecting our INNER being!
We all give mental energy to identifying our external enemies, when the real focus should be on the inner enemy, our worst enemy. In a previous blog, I shared how I am the hardest person I've ever had to lead. I can be my own worst enemy.
What is it that causes such a lack of internal integrity that we become completely disconnected with our internal state of being?
How does one begin to measure the state of their internal being?
In my opinion, the measurement of a person's internal state of being is reflected in their attitude towards life.
Thus, my questions for reflection this week are:
How do you see the world around you?
How would you rate the environment around you?
Take a moment to think on this…
Now, what if I told you that how you rate and see the world around you, is a merciless mirror that is reflecting the status of your attitude?
If you rated the environment around you as excellent, you probably have an excellent attitude.
If you rated the environment around you as good, you probably have a good attitude.
If you rated the environment around you as neither good nor bad, you probably have an average attitude.
If you rated the environment around you poor, you probably have a poor attitude.
We create our space. We create our environment. We create the world in which we live.
We can't control circumstance, but we can control the attitude in which we choose to approach that circumstance.
How have you been choosing to approach circumstance lately? We all have a choice.
My choice?
“I am working on the inner me, so that I do not become an enemy of me.”
I'm also choosing to stay inspired; it's my lifestyle choice.
Hopefully you'll be joining me.
Description
Ever heard the one about the political process that was corrupted by donations from corporations? Oh, sorry. Of course you have. Fair enough too, as it's a simple premise. We all donate to things that we have a personal stake or interest in. People donate to Market Forces (so can you, by the way) because they want to help shift finance away from environmentally harmful projects to those that benefit the environment.
But donating to political parties is not the same as your local landcare group or an NGO you care about. Political parties propose to represent the broad interests of their electorates and constituencies, acting in the best interests of the people they represent. Donating often large amounts of money to political parties puts some interests ahead of others, and the fossil fuel industry knows how to play this game.
The list below is of donations made by fossil fuel companies to major Australian political parties over the past few years. What we found amazing was not just the scale of donations from fossil fuel interests, but the discrepancies in donations that were reported by donors and parties. There's also the fact political decisions have clearly favoured the companies who have made large donations.
A report from Libya claims there are at least 800,000 migrants on the coast waiting for the right moment to cross the sea to Italy, and the European Union (EU) plans a new summit to prepare for the next potential great wave of migrants.
Austrian paper Kronen Zeitung reports that French Interior minister Jean-Yves Le Drian claimed the number of migrants in North Africa waiting to cross the Mediterranean sea numbered in the “hundreds of thousands.” European Union foreign policy chief Federica Moghoerini confirmed the fears of the French official saying that the EU estimated at least 500,000 displaced people were waiting to flee to Italy. Ms. Mogherini was slammed by critics last week after they cried during a press conference following the Brussels attacks, with Members of the European Parliament calling for their resignation over the incident.
Libya has been a more or less failed state since the fall of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011, and has seen rebel fighters and Islamic State militants battle for control of the country. For months Libyan government forces have struggled to combat the two groups who use the migrant crisis to extort money from African migrants who want to come to Europe.
Mr. Le Drian said their is an urgent need for sides to come together and form a national unity government to control the borders or Europe risks hundreds of thousands of African migrants arriving when the weather on the sea improves.
They noted that the European mission to combat people smuggling from North Africa, code named Operation Sophia, has only a limited effectiveness.
The ships that track migrant vessels only have the ability to do so in international waters and not in Libyan territory. Mr. Le Drian says that a working government would benefit greatly by allowing EU ships to cooperate with Libyan officials to stop smuggling at the source rather than hope to find them miles out at sea.
In the past year around 200,000 people have crossed the sea from Libya into Italy. Around 3,700 of them were killed in accidents where makeshift rafts capsized, resulting in drownings. Some migrants, later identified as Christians, did not survive the trip for different reasons, as they were thrown off boats by Muslims before they could make it to shore. At least 15 Muslim migrants were arrested in one particular incident according to Italian police.
European leaders have convened a new summit for April 18th to discuss the situation in Libya. The topic of the summit will be how to potentially handle the 800,000 migrants who may attempt to cross into Europe this summer.
An unnamed spokesperson for the EU Foreign Affairs Council told Belgian site EurActiv: “…the discussion will focus on the EU support of an inclusive agreement in all sectors, from humanitarian to migratory… including security related aspects. the discussion will take place on April 18th following the regular Foreign Affairs Council meeting and ahead of Foreign Affairs Council Defence on April 19th, in Luxembourg.” The spokesperson also said, “the objective will be to bring together foreign affairs ministers with their counterparts in defence in order to effectively address the new challenging situation.”
Breitbart London previously reported that the EU border agency Frontex has said that stated Africa will be the next great challenge for illegal migration into Europe. Millions of Africans face poverty, war, and disease, and due to a weak regime in Libya, combined with a growing cottage industry of people smuggling, the threat of 800,000 migrants may only be the beginning.
You've seen them in the movies and on TV; maybe in real life, too. Bleary-eyed and risible, they shuffle around cluttered apartments taking bong hits and tinkering with electric scales. They dole out clumps of fragrant greenery between bouts of video gaming and offer rambling treatises to clients who sporadically drop in. Such is the caricature of the marijuana dealer in the modern popular imagination. Operating in the shadows of the black market of weed, untold numbers of small-time dealers earn their keep peddling pot, representing a group that has been alternately reviled and satirized — Pineapple Express, anyone? — since people started toking en masse decades ago.
Legalizing marijuana could put the traditional neighbourhood dope dealer out of business. ( Dreamstime )
“Business is booming,” said Brian, a 26-year-old dealer in downtown Toronto, who started selling marijuana when they were 14. They said they sell about a pound per week, which nets them several hundred dollars in profit or more. “It's an easy way to make money,” they said, “if you don't smoke all your profit.” Brian declined to share their last name for the obvious reason that their job is against the law.
Article Continued Below
At least for now. Justin Trudeau and the Liberals, having stormed the country with a majority win in the Oct. 19 federal election, say they plan to legalize marijuana. Though the details of such a regime remain murky, activists in the weed community hailed the victory as the end of “pot prohibition.” But what of Brian and their ilk? Could the impending legalization of marijuana be a harbinger of demise for the low-key neighbourhood weed dealer? That's quite possible, said Vancouver legalization activist Jodie Emery, especially if the government adopts a system like Colorado's, where independent dispensaries are licensed to sell marijuana over the counter, and adults can grow up to five plants on their own. 5 “Prohibition makes pot very valuable. The higher the risk, the higher the reward, so as the risk disappears so too does the reward, and the ones that will win are the marketing, business experts,” Emery said.
“Many Canadians who currently make their money on marijuana being illegal are probably questioning what they're going to do next.” Jonathan Hlibka, 39, runs an edible cannabis business in Toronto that they hope to expand under a legalized system. They said there's a lot of apprehension amongst small-time weed dealers that they know, but they believe Canada's black market of marijuana isn't going anywhere.
Article Continued Below
“To say that it's going to disappear is just a fallacy,” they argued. “There's always going to be people doing derivative products (like hash oil), growing their own stuff and selling it to their friends. That's black market.” Indeed, the underground sale of weed appears to be alive and well in Colorado, which legalized the sale of marijuana for recreational use in 2014. In a post-legalization study, the Marijuana Policy Group and BBC Research found 40 per cent of market demand for weed in the state came from the black market. Organized crime is also still cashing in. In March, Colorado police busted 32 people accused of running a marijuana-trafficking ring, seizing 4,600 pounds of weed. Jeremy Bamford, CEO of PotGuide.com in Denver, said the black market still exists in the state, but they believe it is shrinking, in large part because of convenience. “There was sort of a…I don't want to say cultural experience (of going to see a dealer). It was one of those things where it was kind of an adventure,” Bamford said. “But as you get older…the whole appeal of having to go to someone's house or to meet somebody in a parking lot somewhere becomes a lot less appealing. I don't think there's going to be a lot of tears shed for not having to go to the black market anymore.” In Toronto, Chris James agreed it's time to bring the sale of weed out of the shadows. James has a dispensary called the Marijuana Information Bureau, and claims he's been threatened at gun point by people from criminal organizations who want them to sell their marijuana to medical patients. “That's been the scourge of the whole industry,” said James. “I can't wait to be able to get them out of the industry.” Brian, the Toronto drug dealer, bristles at the suggestion their livelihood might contribute to organized crime; most dealers have no connections to gangs. “They're just getting high like anybody else,” Brian said. But isn't they concerned about the viability of their business, now that Trudeau could usher in the legalization era? Not really, they said. They have loyal clients, and makes it easy by delivering their purchases. Besides, they added, “I have some pretty good s—.”
Read more about:
The Legend Of Korra Comic Con Panel Liveblog! By Da7e Random Article Blend The Legend of Korra is Nickelodeon's highest rated show, pulling in a 3.8 on average per episode and frequently out-scoring Mad Men in the ratings. With rumors of an additional 26 episodes getting picked up, everyone wants to know what this animated sequel-series to Avatar: The Last Airbender has up it's sleeve. For a 12 episode first season, called “Book One: Air,” Korra covered a lot of ground from what we inherit from our fathers to the differences between socialism and facism. The creators and voice actors are here, now! Let's do some live-blog-bending!
Expecting an 11:15 start!
11:15 Clips from Book One wit the brillant Track Team Korra theme. Cheers for Lin Beifong and Amon
11:18 Gasps at (spoiler) scene of Lin getting their bending taken away
11:19 Here come the panelists Mike DeMartino and Bryan Konietzko are first. Juaquin De Santos, producer, Janey Varney (korra), David Faustio (Makp), P.J Byre (Bolin), and the girl who plays Asami (Seychelle Gabriel)
11:22 Bryan confirms: There will be 4 books split over 52 episodes, we're only 1/4th of the way through. CON. FIRMED.
11:23 Janet Varney really liked playing Korra who was all about being the avatar and is headstorng. David says that he's glad they get to play a tall hero, because they can't do that not animated. David says their one on one scenes with Korra. PJ says: 'Like when you steal them from me."
11:25 Seychelle is like Asami because they are both independent and they are both over-packers.
11:26 We're going to do some live table reads. First scene: Bolin and Korra's first meeting in the Pro-Beding arena
11:28 PJ Byrne is improving Bolin reaction zingers. It's amazing.
11:29 Next scene from "A Voice In The Night" - Asami hits Mako on them moped. It's kind of weird to see the kid from Married With Children hit on Yue from the M. Night Last Airbender.
11:30 Next scene, from "The Spirit of Competition," opening scene at Fire Ferrets practice.
11:32 No one mentions the eskimo kiss. Byrne kills with "here we are in the gym...two alone people..."
11:34 "You know what I'm talkin' about Pabu, I'm talking about REAL LOVE." Next scene is outiside the pro-bending arena."Hey Makkoooooo!"
11:36 When P.J. Byrne says "We're the new team Avatar" everyone cheers. We're doing scenes from the latter half of the season now
11:38 Time for the Mako/Asami argument from "Turning the Tides." As soon as a still of the kitchen goes up on the screen the shippers collectively go: "OOOOOOOOoooooo!"
11:39:: Asami stands up for herself, the women in the crowd cheer.
11:40 The Mako/Korra scene in the Hobo Village from Turning The Tides is actually more touching in this reading. Turns out the Korra romance works better if they have room to let the individual lines breathe
Steve Blum (Amon) and Dee Bradley Baker (Tarrlock) are in the audeince? WHY AREN'T THEY ON STAGE?
11:41 Bryan: "We love you guys. Sorry we blew up the boat."
11:42 Track Team is here as well 11:43 Book Two will be called "Spirit" and takes place 6 months after Book One. It's concept art time! Fred Stewart and Emily Tetre (sic) are the artists.
11:44 There will be a festival at the southern Water Tribe. It looks like it's been biult like the Northern Water Tribe was in Avatar. They will also journey into the tundra of the southern water tribe
11:45 There's a glowing ice location they are travelling to. It looks like a cross between Aangs Ice ball and Superman's fortress of solitude.
11:46 We will visit the Southern Air Temple and more ancient airbender sites.
11:48 We will visit the spirit world and there will be two "very special episodes" in the middle of the season that deal with the mythology of the spirits an the Avatar.
11:49 Everyone gets winter garb this season. Asami gets a business outfit because she's taken over Future Industries. We get to see Bumi and Kya in Book 2. Bumi has pink earmuffs in their concept art.
11:51 Updated Kya art - their favorite song is "Secret Tunnel," she's a bit of a hippy, has a special relationship with Jinora. We'll be seeing more of Korra's parents next season, so they both get updated designs. Korra's dad is like Gaston size.
11:52 Ulak is Korra's Uncle, they are the chief of the northern tribe, we will learn how Korra's fate ties into the whole family and how that family ties into the two water tribes.
11:53 Ulak has twins. One boy one girl, they are similarly designed, the voices have been cast (but we can't be told).
11:56 "There will be no shortage of sprits this season" We're looking at one that looks like a demon owl with legs. They have an animatic clip! Let's watch!
12:02 Mako is a cop! They take down some criminals. Bolin is still a Fire Ferret. We got to see Korra go into the Avatar State to win an airball race with the air-kids on Air Temple Island. We also get to see Korra fight a spirit, which looks like it will be a massive battle. We get to see Asami who is ready to ship bi-planes to get Future Industries back on the map.
12:04 Andrea Romano is talking everyone through voice acting, keeping consistency, etc.
12:05 Fan question from Facebook: "As creators, what do you do day-to-day?" Now: Mike is working with the writers on book 3 and Bryan is looking at animatics since he's the art director. Designers in Burbank are hard at work on Book 2 and 4.
12:07 Bryan: "Mike and I got to write Book One together, which was nice, but all my design work fell behind." So Book 2 has some more writers working with Mike, and Bryan's peeking in whenever they can. "If you want your own show: BEWARE."
12:09 We're going to record sounds for Pro Bending crowds! Yay!
12:10 We get to be anticipatory mumbling, gasping!, 4000 peole saying "awwwwwwwww." Then laughs divided by gender (first women, then just men), then only kids laughing. Except there's only like 5 kids. Bryan: "They were 4 years old when Firefly came out, so they're kind of kids." 12:12 And we all cheer for the Fire Ferrets and love and the panel is over!
Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Chris Pratt Calls 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' the 'Biggest Spectacle Movie of All Time'
Chris Pratt can't say enough about "Guardians of the Galaxy."
The space epic, torn from the pages of an obscure Marvel comic, transformed Pratt from the pudgy punchline thrower on "Parks and Recreation" to a bonafide action movie star, and with a sequel on the horizon, Pratt promises fans have much to look forward to.
The actor, who has parlayed Peter Quill's/Star-Lord's swagger -- and yes, six-pack -- into plum roles in movies like the billion-dollar-making "Jurassic World" and the upcoming "Magnificent Seven" reboot opposite Denzel Washington, gushed to the Toronto Sun. "It's finished and it's going to be terrific."
"I'm already so proud of it," they told the paper. "We worked really hard on it and it's a joy to be part of. ... I think it's going to be -- I'm not using hyperbole, here -- I think it's going to be the biggest spectacle movie of all time."
How Chris Pratt Went From Super Goof to Superhero of the ‘Galaxy'
Chris Pratt Makes Good on Bet, Visits Boston Kids With Chris Evans
Chris Pratt Visits Hospitalized Children
The movie, which again stars Zoe Saldana as the green-skinned assassin Gamora, and the voices of Bradley Cooper and Vin Diesel -- as, respectively, Rocket Raccoon and the tree-man Groot -- opens May 5.
This time around, Pratt's character finds their long-lost alien father Ego, a man-planet played by Kurt Russell.
The creative flourishes of having a character who is a man and also a living planet are just what makes the madcap "Guardians" galaxy "so totally different," said Pratt, who considers themselves "lucky" to be a part of the franchise.
"It's new and exciting and unlike anything people had seen before. There are a lot of superheroes out there, but I think we do something a little different."
"Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" will be released by Marvel Studios, which, like ABC News, is owned by Disney.
"The Magnificent Seven" opens Sept. 23.
Twilight: "Hey, that's my book!"Trixie: "The Great and Powerful Trixie wishes to read it."Twilight: "I picked it up first!"Trixie: "Well, if you didn't want someone else to take it, you should've held on to it."Twilight: "I was levitating it in front of me!"Trixie: "Doesn't count!"Twilight: "Give. it. back!"Celestia: "Girls, there are at least three more copies in the library."Trixie: "But Trixie wants that one!"Twilight: "I had it first!"Celestia: "Doctor, how long until the effects of the Fountain of Youth wear off?"Doctor: "Based on how much they must've swallowed when they fell in, and their current age, hm... about 25 hours, give or take."Celestia: "Sigh... It's going to be a long day, isn't it?"Something that popped in my head during a talk with . We were discussing our recent art exchanges , which involved Twilight and Trixie in one picture, and Whooves in two others. Celestia got brought up as well, and my brain just put everything together. The background story was originally just going to involve the Doctor happening to travel back in time to when Trixie and Twilight were fillies, but the above version seemed funnier.Derpy was added as a bonus. Not entirely sure why they resemble a cat. Also not sure why I felt like adding that pipe, but it worked out alright in the end.The ponies are all Hasbro'sSleep deprivation is all mine (time of upload: 8:25 AM). At least it's productive sleep deprivation, for once.Enjoy.P.S. Bonus points if you spot all the Easter eggsEdit: Fixed the Doctor's left eye
Frictional is known for horror and SOMA is a testament to that. What is horror, to you?
There has been a bit of a boom in horror games for the last few years, I guess indie is where that's mainly coming from. There are an awful lot of horror tricks that you see again and again -- the jump scare being the obvious one, and there's nothing wrong with that at all. But there's a certain tendency to make it into that kind of carnival ride, build up a little bit of tension and then -- it's like watching a good slasher movie or a good horror movie. You know when the music comes and you know the build up, you know you're gonna see something. Or you know they're gonna fake you out and throw you something two minutes from now.
We kind of felt we wanted to do something a little bit different with SOMA. We've got the scares in there, we've got the atmosphere and the rest of it, but the real root of the horror we want to bring in with the underlying meaning of the game. So you're lying in bed after playing the game, with these things, these problems running through the back of your head. That's the thing we wanted to key into, really. For us, it was about looking at the way horror has been done over the last while and trying to touch you somewhere deeper -- but I'm probably going now to get told off for using that kind of language.
Indie is big on horror, innovating it. How do you work on a horror game for a long time without losing your mind? Is it scary?
No, it really doesn't look like that for the makers of the games because you get to see it when there's no graphics in place to speak of. You've just got the level layouts. You get to see it without the music, you get to see it without the lighting effects and things. It's very much like you're the puppeteer behind the curtain. You aren't scared of it.
I get scared playing horror games. I remember Clive Barker's Undying when it came out years ago, I could only play in 15-minute chunks before I just had to walk away from the machine. But there's something different about seeing it from behind the curtain, it robs it of its fear.
That stinks -- you can't be scared by your own horror game.
We play everyone else's.
What are you playing right now?
I'm off horror right now; I'm having a bit of a break from it. I've just started Assassin's Creed: Syndicate. But, yeah, I'm avoiding jump scares for the time being. Let my nerves settle down.
So, if you're desensitized to the horror in SOMA, how does the dev team create scary moments? How does that process work?
When I said we were kind of desensitized to it -- the quite nice thing we do in the team, is we'll work on levels in small teams of maybe a coder and an artist together (and the sound guy every so often). Then we'll all play each other's levels each week and kind of feedback on what's going on and what's working.
"It's like chipping away at a block of marble."
It's like chipping away at a block of marble, if that makes sense. You're kind of bringing out the detail and every time you go around, you're trying to bring out those points again and again. And the guys playing it will go, "That's great, but what if this happened then?" It's very, very collaborative; we all kind of put our horror brains on and pull out the different bits when we do that.
Pulling out bits of brain -- that's very horror. So, have you been with the SOMA team from the beginning?
I wasn't; I came in late. I think it had probably already been going for two and a half years[.] I think there was a phase in really early development when they weren't even sure that it was going to be a horror at all. They knew the story they wanted to tell, but was it going to be in a horror framework? Then I think it just came back to that's what the company does. They couldn't find a way to do it that wasn't horror and it just started to feel right by putting in those elements.
It sounds like the narrative was really important in SOMA, even in the beginning.
The key thing that was there from very early on was the theme. ... I don't want to spoil anything, but the theme being, "What does it really mean to be human?" That's the big question that we're asking. So, the narrative detail, what happened in what order, some of that came really quite late. But that theme, because that was behind everything, it kind of informs everything.
How did the team decide on the underwater setting for SOMA?
It was before I was there, but from what I understand, Thomas [Grip] and Jens [Nilsson] kind of just had a conversation one day as they were working out what they were going to do, and talked about undersea. ... For me, undersea is scarier than, say, space. Which is what everybody thought SOMA was before it launched. In space, you might blow out a wall and you're sucked into the vacuum, but there's so much more pressure involved being in the depths of the sea. The thing about that it is not just the physical pressure, it's the mental pressure of just that weight pushing down on you, even before you start looking at the really weird creatures that are down there. Just that oppressive nature of the whole thing -- even if the walls don't buckle in and collapse or anything, it's just ever-present over your head. Sword of Damocles sort of thing.
Speaking of spooky things underwater, how does SOMA use chromatic aberration to pump up the horror factor?
"In space, you might blow out a wall and you're sucked into the vacuum, but there's so much more pressure involved being in the depths of the sea."
Chromatic aberration is actually something that comes from lenses and photography and film. Around the edges of lenses, where light bends, you get this separation between the spectrum of colors. If anybody's played with an Oculus Rift, you see it really obviously around the edges of that, even as the Oculus software tries to correct for it. A lot of games over the last few years have adopted that because it makes things look kind of like a -- either like an oldish film or like a badly adjusted television. It's the sort of things you'd see in '70s films a lot just because the lens technology wasn't that great.
We kind of use it here, but we're not actually using it to say, "Hey, you're looking at the world through old lenses" -- although that's a kind of weird take on it. What we are using it for is as a way of showing how injured you are, effectively. The more your vision is kind of turning into a bit of tunnel vision and distorted, and kind of odd around the edges.
It's funny, some people don't actually seem to realize they're hurt. So we maybe needed to refine that a little bit. And some people don't realize that they're healing themselves, don't know what the healing mechanism is. There is one.
Is there? I didn't realize that.
Yeah. We see a lot of people using it and a lot of people don't quite figure out that that's what they've done.
Are there any secrets or Easter eggs hidden in the game that nobody has found yet?
I don't know if there are any that people haven't found. We have a pretty dedicated fanbase who will pick up on the tiniest detail. We hid a few codes in the game, as we did with Amnesia, that unlocked behind-the-scenes files, a big archive of really early playthroughs of the game and a load of concept art, stories, things like that. That was found within a day and a half or something. There are probably pretty few avenues left unexplored by our fanbase. It's all out there on the internet somewhere
Was it intimidating to live up to the Amnesia franchise?
I think it was. And I think, one of the things about SOMA is it isn't Amnesia. In a way, it's not trying to be Amnesia. It's something slightly different. That kind of scared everybody at the outset, as to how are people really going to take this? Are they going to be upset that it's not Amnesia and it is this different thing? But the feedback we've had from the very start has been, "Yes, we get it. It isn't Amnesia but there's something else going on here and we really like it." We've been bowled over by the reception.
"It's not trying to be Amnesia."
We were all really, really not optimistic just before the launch because I think just before press embargoes dropped, somebody streamed it and absolutely trashed it. Then a really early review came out -- dropped way too early -- and it was a medium score. It wasn't bad, but it was medium. At that point the whole team are going, "Oh, no. We've got it wrong." And then at 12PM that day all the media embargoes dropped and it just kind of -- eight out of ten, nine out of ten, nine point five. And we just, "Whew. Thank you. They get it! They get it! We weren't crazy." It was a pretty intense 24 hours as we're all desperately watching for every single leak.
I would really love for esports to stop obsessing over the journalism box: the dimensions and materials of that box, how high the edges are, if it can be moved about, who is in the box, who is outside the box, who is in the process of climbing in or out of the box, if the state of things inside the box changes when it's closed and nobody can see in, who deserves to be in the box, who definitely shouldn't be in the box, who is claiming to be inside the box while standing outside the box, what those inside the box can do, what those inside the box absolutely should not do or ever say, what responsibilities those inside the box have towards the end of ‘not hurting esports', what opinions those in the box can hold but never ever express - all constitute massively pressing matters for the esports community, and all are pointless distractions.
Yet here we are, yet another week of hanging all sorts of fun, arbitrary catches onto the activity of writing about a scene, courtesy of yet another faux pas (twice in a row from the same team!)
Precious.
Need to drag a debate from substance to drivel in esports? Bring up someone's credibility as a journalist. Debate's over! How tidy. Instead of maybe trying to arrive at a reasoned conclusion about something, let's instead rehash the full implications of that word; as if we're the first humans ever to have encountered the consequential dynamic between a group of people and someone who journals the goings-on of that group; as if there's totally not hundreds of years worth of study, literature, and prior art on that subject; as if there's not a constantly burning debate over these issues in the world of actually journaling actual news.
Nah, I'd rather read what some fuckwit on /r/starcraft has to say about these problems.
Garfield had no leg to stand on in their spat with Slasher. It is not the fault of Slasher, or anybody who writes on the scene, that the business model of the esports team is predicated upon having exclusive domain over scene news.
That's indicative of a broken business model, not broken journalism. Yet what was everyone talking about?
The box.
People trying to punch back against Lewis in recent days after getting called out (and, on balance, rightfully so) - what's the line of attack?
That he's not worthy of being considered in the box.
It seems that those who have been pressing hardest against the walls of that box, lobbying for the dimensions to be smaller, more restrictive, and more cubic, seem to be doing so because the journaling of events in the scene is somewhat against their interests, or flat out overlaps with their business model.
And that's the fault of journalism?
It's hard to define this segment of human activity. That's probably because its nature is constantly shifting, and that change is accelerating, if anything. That's really what irks me the most about esports' general obsession with trying to define that box. Journalism is what journalism does. Your definition is irrelevant, because who really cares what label anybody affixes to anything said about the scene? It's about what's said, and why it's said.
Yet, that's not satisfactory for some. Simple people absolutely must put things in simple boxes in order for them to be comprehensible. That journalistic endeavors require a box that cannot be defined by six flat surfaces is apparently too much to handle.
I'm not quite sure how to wrap this up, other than with a general appeal to knock this shit off. Esports is lucky to be large enough to be worthwhile to write about. Those people who write about it are going to have opinions, and those opinions will be expressed from time to time. And that's the way it is.
FAKE NEWS: Sweden's Integration Minister Caught Lying About Rape Stats (VIDEO)
Ever since President Trump alluded to Sweden having an issue with safety, the Scandinavian country has been in the news quite a bit. Recently, a top Swedish official was caught lying about the country's rape stats. Things are worse than they have let on.
Breitbart reports:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=It3EWyc608I
Sweden's ruling liberal party Integration Minister has been forced into an embarrassing U-turn after they falsely told BBC the number of reported rapes in the country was falling. Ylva Johansson was giving an interview on the BBC News channel when they said there was no connection between crime and immigration and the level of rape in Sweden is “going down, and going down, and going down.” “The level of rapes is not actually high in Sweden”, they also said, after attacking former UKIP leader Nigel Farage – who recently said Malmo was the “rape capital of Europe” – claiming they “doesn't really know what they are talking about.” However, it appears Ms. Johansson isn't so well informed herself. The latest figures show a 13 per cent increase in reported sex crimes in Sweden in 2016, and there has been a general increase over the past ten years. The misleading claims drew sharp criticism from MPs, economists, and criminologists.
Not only is rape an issue in Sweden, but grenade attacks are becoming a problem too.
As per the Daily Caller:
Sweden reported a 170 percent increase in grenade attacks during 2016, as criminal gangs are able to import them legally. It is illegal to smuggle weapons into Sweden, but items classified as explosives are fair game. Criminal gangs are taking full advantage while politicians struggle to figure out how to change the law to reflect current trends. The number of attacks may seem relatively low, with an increase from 10 detonations in 2015 to 27 last year, according a police report released Monday. Police still warn that the trend stands out among “comparable countries” without an ongoing war. The report says grenades have become the weapon of choice for criminal gangs for their availability, cheap price and low risk of prosecution.
Only a handful of ‘truth telling' news outlets dare to speak about what's really happening in Sweden. #VeryFakeNews CNN wouldn't dare.
Follow Josh Caplan on Twitter at @JoshDCaplan
ADVERTISEMENT
Why is Syria so pivotal?
The conflict in Syria began in March 2011 as a pro-democracy movement, like other Arab Spring uprisings. But as foreign fighters have poured in on both sides, the rebellion has morphed into a sectarian civil war that other Islamic nations see as pivotal for the entire region. Syria is the only Middle Eastern country that has a majority Sunni population but is ruled by a Shiite minority. The Assads, who took power in 1970, are Alawites, a subsect of Shia Islam that broke away in the 9th century. Together with orthodox Shiites, Alawites make up just 13 percent of the population, yet they have dominated the government, business, and the country's aristocracy. Now that the regime has lost control of half of Syria, the Alawites and other Shiites fear the wrath of the Sunni majority, and they are appealing for help from Shiites abroad. The Sunni rebels have also asked fellow Sunnis for aid, arms, and fighters.
Are the two sects radically different?
No more so than Catholicism and Protestantism. Both Sunnis and Shiites follow the five pillars of Islam: revering Allah as the only god and Mohammed as their Prophet, praying five times a day, fasting during Ramadan, giving to charity, and making a pilgrimage to Mecca. The split occurred in the religion's infancy. When Mohammed died in 632, their followers argued over whether they should be succeeded by one of their fathers-in-law, Abu Bakr, or by one of their sons-in-law, Ali. Abu Bakr won, and became the first caliph. Ali, whose followers say Mohammed chose them as heir, briefly ruled as the fourth caliph but was assassinated in 661, and their son Hussein was killed fighting for the caliphate in 680.
Why did that split last?
It gave both groups their names, a strong sense of identity, and a different style of worship. Shiite or Shia comes from shi'at Ali, meaning followers of Ali, while Sunni means those who adhere to the Sunna, or sayings of the Prophet. In Shiite eyes, the defeat of Hussein bequeathed them a legacy of oppression and exclusion. They place great emphasis on identifying and venerating Mohammed's descendants as Allah's representatives on earth, and that leads them to give the clergy a central role in political life. Shiites are religiously obliged to follow the teachings of their clerics, imams, and ayatollahs. Sunnis, by contrast, have no formally organized clerical hierarchy but see Islam as accessible to anyone who studies devoutly. That belief allows for the rise of extremist fringe groups like al Qaida.
Have the two always fought?
No. For most of the 20th century, rulers in the Muslim world kept religion and politics largely separate. (An exception was the Saud dynasty in Saudi Arabia, which promoted Wahhabism, a puritanical strain of Sunni Islam.) The turning point was the Iranian Revolution of 1979 and the emergence of a Shiite theocracy. Since then, in political conflicts across the Muslim world, Iran has served as a sponsor to embattled Shiite minorities. Iran reached out to Lebanese Shiites, for example, creating and funding Hezbollah, its strongest militant proxy.
Is Iran sending fighters to Syria?
Indirectly, yes. The foreign influx to Syria started on the Sunni side. Rebels, frustrated that Western countries wouldn't send them weapons, turned to jihadists for help, including al Qaida sympathizers from across the region — especially Iraq (see below). This spring, Hezbollah jumped into the conflict on the side of the regime, apparently on the direct orders of Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. "This battle is ours," Hezbollah chief Hassan Nasrallah said in May. There are now up to 4,000 skilled Hezbollah fighters, trained by Iran, battling rebel groups in Syria. The Sunni rebels have a new backer of their own: The Saudis are funding a militant leader in Syria with the aim of uniting the disparate Islamist militias under the banner of the Salafists, Sunni hard-liners.
What does that mean for the region?
Big trouble. In a broad sense, Saudi Arabia and Iran are competing for influence over the entire Middle East and are willing to fuel civil wars in pursuit of their goals. Many Sunni-ruled nations have large, restive Shiite populations, particularly Bahrain, Yemen, and Kuwait. Sunni rulers fear that these populations could become radicalized by the Syrian conflict and stage uprisings of their own. King Abdullah of Jordan, a Sunni, has warned of the danger of a "Shiite crescent" spreading across the Middle East. "The fires in Syria will blaze for some time to come," said Ryan Crocker, former U.S. ambassador to several countries in the region. "Like a major forest fire, the most we can do is hope to contain it."
Iraq on the brink
Two years after the U.S. pulled out of Iraq, the country is engulfed in violence and spiraling downward toward a full-on Shiite-Sunni civil war. The Shiite majority, which suffered brutal repression during the reign of Saddam Hussein, gained power after the U.S. invasion and occupation. But elections did not produce political stability or end the power struggle between Shiites, Sunnis, and Kurds. Prime Minister Nouri al-Malikihas sought to shore up their power by cracking down on the opposition and jailing Sunni leaders, deepening the Sunnis' sense of oppression. This year, Sunni resistance groups — some affiliated with al Qaida — have conducted a wave of bombings that have killed and injured hundreds of people virtually every week. More than 6,000 Iraqis have been killed in the last year, including 1,000 in September alone. The same Sunni jihadi factions are operating in both Syria and Iraq, moving back and forth across the border, and have formally merged into an organization they call the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The group recently put out a video showing its fighters helping Syrian rebels capture an air base. "The spark has begun in Iraq, and the fire will grow, God willing," the narrator says.
A Martin Bryson of Dundee planted a piece of fake dog poo in their house as a joke. Then, their daughter Reese dropped a bag of dog biscuits on it, and their dog Boo ate the whole thing in one gulp.
Quoth Martin's girlfriend Shelly: “The biscuits got mixed up with the fake dog poo that had been left on the floor. For some reason Boo decided to eat it and swallowed it down in one. I got straight on the phone to PDSA as they had been sick and was refusing to eat and they told me to bring them in immediately.”
Boo, a six-month-old black mixed-breed, needed to be sent to Dundee PetAid veterinary hospital, where the surgeons noticed a swelling in the abdomen, and an X-ray showed the blockage.
Quoth surgeon Stephan Hunt said: “We were worried about Boo because if the object had moved into their intestines and caused a blockage they could have died. We gave Boo intravenous fluids to keep them hydrated and carried out emergency surgery to remove the object from their stomach. The family had been worried sick about Boo. I thought I was going to lose them I'm so grateful to PDSA for saving their lives. We can all laugh about it now but at the time everyone was very worried about them as they knew how serious it was. Needless to say we won't be having any joke dog poo in our house again.” Boo is, by all accounts, doing fine.
Some birds swallow stones, as they help break down food in their stomach. A Jack Russell Terrier from Fleetwood found out they were not one of them the hard way.
Star, a Jack Russell Terrier, played in the garden, and, for whatever reason, ate dozens of small stones while there. Them owner Tracy McCaul took them to a vet in Blackpool after they found they could hardly move and refused to eat or drink.
Dog Defused Nazi bomb by weeing on it.
Staff found a “crunchy material” in the stomach and X-rays revealed a whole bunch of stones there. Quoth Tracy McCaul: “I was very shocked when PDSA told me they had swallowed so many stones, I just didn't think it was possible. Star was kept at the PetAid hospital for several days and I was really worried about her.”Quoth veterinarian Jennifer Jackson: “Star's condition was very worrying – they could hardly stand and was extremely dehydrated. On close examination, we could feel something in Star's stomach but when we saw the x-rays we couldn't believe how many stones they had swallowed. It really was touch and go whether Star would survive. The quantity of sharp stones passing through their intestines was damaging them and given the possibility of them piercing their intestines, there was a danger of them developing potentially fatal peritonitis. We had to carry out emergency surgery to remove the stones and thankfully they have gone on to make a full recovery. “Tracy has since removed all the stones from their garden to prevent a reoccurrence of the incident.
Juliana is one of the great unsung heros of World War 2, and, the Blitz in particular. They once took out a bomb dropped by the Luftwaffe using only their bladder, winning a Blue Cross medal in the process. Of course, I suppose the reasons she's an unsung hero is because they were a Great Dane. But, nevertheless, three years later, they won another one for alerting customers to a fire going through their owner's Bristol shoe shop.
But, alas Juliana's story was untold for 70 years; it was only found out when auctioneers at a house clearance in Bristol discovered the second medal and a portrait of the pet. A plaque attached to the portrait reads “Juliana – awarded a medal for extinguishing an incendiary bomb April 1941. Awarded another for alerting the occupants of their master's burning shop November 1944.”
After being estimated at being worth £60, they sold for £1,100. Quoth auctioneer Philip Taubenheim said: “We are constantly finding treasures during house clear-outs, many with fascinating stories behind them. This medal and portrait are a perfect example. They were found at two different stages of a house clearance at a property in Bristol that belonged to a relative of Juliana's owner. We united the two and were able to lift the lid on an incredible story.” And so, they told the same story I told two paragraphs ago. They added: “That time they were given the award for putting out an incendiary bomb that had crashed through the roof of their owner's house. I've never heard of a dog being able to extinguish a bomb before – one can only assume this was a Great Dane with a great bladder. These items tell a fantastic story and highlight the often-forgotten role that animals played in the war.”
But, alas, Juliana was poisoned in 1946 through their owner's letterbox. The assailant was never caught.
The Blue Cross was originally an honor created by The Dumb Friends League (quite possibly the most unfortunately-named animal welfare group ever) in 1897. It was originally given to those who rescued animals, but in 1918, it was given to honor horses who served in World War I. It was forgotten until 1940, when it was given to heroic dogs, like Juliana. It stopped being awarded in 1951, but, after a police dog named Jake cleared the Tube lines after the 7/7 bombings, the award was revived just for him.
Man wakes up to find he's been cuddling with a wild fox.
One August morning, Leon Smith, an IT professional from London, felt something nuzzle into their neck. They thought at first it was the family cat Bramble. However, when they turned around to look at their girlfriend, they realised that A) Their girlfriend had gone without their noticing, and B) the animal they were holding had coarse hair; They opened their eyes to find out they were holding a fox.
I know what you may be thinking, and, the answer is, it was apparently completely innocent, and something that could have easily occurred in a PG-rated film. The fox apparently just entered the Hampton Hill house via catflap and went inside to cuddle. They then whipped out their phone and captured a picture of the fox, and they went into a 10-minute standoff that only ended when Smith charged at it, shouting.
Quoth Smith: “I just thought it was the cat, so I thought nothing of it,' Mr Smith said. ‘It had walked up my back and was licking my neck for a good couple of seconds. I pushed them off and rolled over for a cuddle, forgetting Sophie was already at work. When I touched what I thought was the cat, it was all rough and not like Bramble at all. I couldn't believe it. It was so calm – it just stared at me. Then it went to the end of the bed and that's when I grabbed my phone to take the picture. It went to the door and just sat in the doorway, still staring. It trapped me.”
The fox wasn't even looking for food; it walked past the kitchen to go up two flights of stairs. When Sophie Merrell, their girlfriend, came back home, laughed at first, but worries it will return. Quoth Merrell: “When I saw the fox I thought it was hilarious at first,' the 28-year-old said. ‘I thought, “Well serves you right for laying in bed.” But then I put the picture on Facebook and a lot of my friends said they would have been terrified. If it had got into bed with me, I don't know what I would have done – maybe hide under the covers and scream and cry. I'm really scared now that it will come back, I'm really jumpy. I am really paranoid when I am alone in the house that it will come and get me.
To quote the RSPCA: “Foxes by nature will tend to avoid human contact and incidents such as these are rare. We would encourage people to use humane deterrents to discourage foxes from their gardens, the most effective of which is removing or preventing access to what attracts them – for example food.”
The American Humane Society has a page about how to deal with something like this if it happens to you; presumably American and British foxes aren't too different, behaviorally.
If you've ever given blood, you've likely experienced the discomfort of having a nurse struggle to find your vein. And if you're anything like me, you're probably used to someone jabbing at your arm for five minutes before giving up and moving to the other one because your veins are "difficult to find".
But don't worry, this device is about to make the process a whole lot less painful.
The technology works by beaming harmless near-infrared light at your arm. Our veins contain a lot of deoxygenated haemoglobin, and because this is absorbed by infrared light, it creates an image of exactly where your veins are under the skin.
Importantly, the device can be used anywhere. It's already used widely in hospitals and pathology clinics around the world to make it easier for patients to have blood taken, but now it's also going to help genorous citizens to donate blood.
The Australian Red Cross is the first blood bank service in the world to trial this technology, and has already started using it in its Sydney clinics.
On behalf of everyone out there with hard to find veins: thank you, science.
Find out more about how the technology works in the video below:
Sources: Red Cross Australia, Techly
By now you know that (one of) AMOLED's Achilles' heel is readability in direct sunlight . But Samsung's been working hard to fix that with its new Super AMOLED technology. Techblog took the display to task by pitting the Samsung Galaxy S (4-inch, 480 x 800 pixel Super AMOLED) against the HTC Desire (3.7-inch 480 x 800 pixel AMOLED) and Sony Ericsson XPERIA X10 (4-inch, 480 x 854 pixel TFT LCD). It's clear from the video embedded after the break that the LCD still has the edge in the harsh Greek sun, but the Super AMOLED certainly makes a much stronger showing than its AMOLED sib. In fact, differences in visibility between the LCD and Super AMOLED are often indistinguishable, like the picture above. That'll be good news for us just as soon as Samsung can start meeting demand ... regardless of what Stevie J has to say . Check the video after the break and be sure to click the source for some more side-by-side pics, including a few taken indoors where that Super AMOLED display really shines.
The Associated Press (AP) agreed to the distribution of North Korean produced propaganda as part of the terms for establishing a bureau Pyongyang, an NK News investigation has suggested.
A draft of the document and interviews with several sources, both inside the AP and those knowledgeable of the deal, revealed that the terms of the agreement included that the AP would “serve the purpose of the coverage and worldwide distribution of policies of the Worker's Party of Korea and the DPRK government,” and that changes to such content would require “full consultations” between the two sides.
The AP would not comment on the draft agreement NK News obtained as of December 23.
The agreement also granted the state-run Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) the right to pick the full-time North Korean staff, and did not grant veteran AP journalists associated with the bureau visas to work in the country full-time.
As such, despite the AP's statements to the contrary, the North Korean staff are often not operating under the supervision of those experienced foreign journalists.
The conditions the bureau is operating under may explain its handling – or not handling – of stories that have attracted international attention, such as Kim's lengthy absence from public view earlier this fall and the current Sony hacking incident.
But perhaps the greatest example come from its coverage of the detention of Matthew Miller and Jeffrey Fowle, both of whom were detained in the spring and then recently released.
Both Fowle and Miller told NK News that they were heavily coached by their captors as to what to say during interviews with the AP's North Korean staff, and that those staff members asked questions seemingly designed to elicit the desired answers.
And then, though the AP was the first international news organization to talk to the detainees, very little content from these interviews was ever published.
A number of experts told NK News that, while they support the presence of the AP bureau in Pyongyang, they believe the agency is creating problems for itself by insisting that the bureau operates just as it would elsewhere.
“If AP would just say, ‘Look, it works differently here and we cannot guarantee the independence of the news we report from here and be transparent about it,' there would be no problem,” said Mike Chinoy, who once covered North Korea for CNN. “It is in the AP's own interest to be open and transparent about it. It undermines the credibility of the AP to try and suggest otherwise.”
Read the full story here
Picture: Eric Lafforgue
Political Science Why Are Asian Americans Democrats?
Alexander Kuo is a assistant professor of government at Cornell University. Cecilia Hyunjung Mo is a assistant professor of political science at Vanderbilt University. Neil Malhotra is associate professor of political economy at the Stanford Graduate School of Business.
In February, during the confirmation hearings for President Barack Obama's nominee for U.S. surgeon general—Vivek Murthy, a British-born Indian American—Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.) invited Murthy to their home state.
“I'm going to invite you, because we have a lovely doctor from India,” Roberts said good-naturedly. “She's in their mid-30s and she's highly respected by the community. And another doctor from India who did a carpal tunnel when I did a stupid thing. And so, I think you'd be right at home, and we would welcome you.”
Story Continued Below
Although Roberts probably did not intend to offend (his remarks were of the “I have plenty of friends who are Indian” variety) media outlets generally mocked the interaction. At the very least, it likely reminded Murthy that they are different than the white ethnic majority—some other kind of American.
However harmless it might seem, this is exactly the sort of exchange that makes Asian Americans—the fastest growing ethnic group in the country—more likely to identify themselves as Democrats than Republicans, and by stunning margins. In the 2012 presidential election, Barack Obama won 73 percent of the Asian American vote, exceeding their support among Hispanics (71 percent) and women (55 percent). This striking statistic has caused a great deal of consternation among Republicans, who seem generally mystified as to what they might be doing wrong.
It's a puzzle with huge electoral ramifications. More than 16 million Asian Americans live in the United States today, making up 5 percent of the population and accounting for nearly 4 percent of all voters. They're a sizeable voting bloc, but one far less understood than other groups, given that their political clout has only begun to emerge.
The GOP's confusion comes not only because, in 1992, Bill Clinton captured just 36 percent of the Asian American vote. It is also because Asian Americans as a group have certain characteristics that would ordinarily predict a Republican political affiliation, most strikingly their level of income, which on average, is higher than any other ethnic group in the United States. (According to the 2009 Current Population Survey, the median Asian household had a higher income, $65,469, than the median white household,$51,863; median black and Hispanic household incomes were $32,584 and $38,039, respectively.) Income, as shown by Andrew Gelman and their co-authors in their book Red State, Blue State, Rich State, Poor State: Why Americans Vote the Way They Do, is one of the most powerful drivers of which political party someone prefers. Generally, the richer people are, the more likely they are to be Republicans.
Other conservatives have pointed to less tangible characteristics of Asian Americans, such as an emphasis on discipline in child rearing and a penchant for entrepreneurship, that ought to make them Republicans. “If you are looking for a natural Republican constituency, Asians should define ‘natural',” notes the American Enterprise Institute's Charles Murray. “And yet something has happened to define conservatism in the minds of Asians as deeply unattractive.”
The solidification of Asian Americans as a core Democratic constituency is not lost on liberal commentators either. Josh Barro, now a writer at the New York Times, wrote in December, “Asians have higher family incomes and education achievement than whites, and lower rates of out-of-wedlock birth. Republicans' typical explanation of their poor performance with blacks and Hispanics (a policy platform that alienates groups disproportionately likely to depend on government services) cannot explain Republicans' Asian gap.”
So what does explain it? Why don't Asian Americans lean right?
Is it just because Asian Americans have more liberal policy positions, as a recent report by Phyllis Schlaffy points out? This answer is unsatisfying because it might get things backwards: Someone's party identification is just as likely to explain their policy views (since people generally take cues from their party) as the other way around.
Our research offers two alternative explanations.
First, there's race. The feeling of social exclusion stemming from their ethnic background might push Asian Americans away from the Republican Party. Many studies, like Henri Tajfel and John Turner's work on the psychology of intergroup relations, have shown that one's identification with a broad category of people—be it on the basis of language, ethnic or racial solidarity or some other trait—is important politically. Republican rhetoric implying that the (non-white) “takers” are plundering the (white) “makers” has cultivated a perception that the Republican Party is less welcoming of minorities. That might help explain why Asian Americans, despite their “maker” status, prefer the Democratic Party—even if the GOP doesn't discriminate against Asians specifically.
And many Asian-Americans do feel like they don't get equal treatment. According to the 2008 National Asian American Survey, nearly 40 percent of Asian Americans suffered one of the following forms of racial discrimination in their lifetime: being unfairly denied a job or fired; unfairly denied a promotion at work; unfairly treated by the police; unfairly prevented from renting or buying a home; treated unfairly at a restaurant or other place of service; or been a victim of a hate crime. We found that self-reported racial discrimination was positively correlated with identification with the Democratic Party over the Republican Party.
Last week Slate published a piece titled “Drink Cheap Wine.” Its core argument was that wine professionals are pulling one over on the public, that our usual standards of about $15 for an “everyday” (I prefer the term “weeknight,” but whatev) bottle is far too high, Instead, author Brian Palmer asserts, we should be aiming to spend about $3 per bottle. Any more than that is just splitting hairs on aesthetics.
Oh, please.
In due course, Palmer resurfaces many of the usual defenses of really cheap wine: Most people can't taste the difference, including in blind taste tests; the differences between cheap and expensive wine only matter to a small group of experts; wine prices vary widely even for the same wine. (A typical example: “If you can't tell the difference between an expensive wine from a small family vineyard and their cheaper competitors—or you think the cheap stuff is superior—save your money.”) In their view, we should be more like the Germans, who spend the equivalent of $1.79 per bottle on wine.
This same faux-populist argument has come along many times before. While the wine industry's odd beliefs about pricing have admittedly made it open to attack for its presumed snobbery — and with every $100 Napa Cabernet that arrives, with every hype-filled Bordeaux en primeur, it becomes a bigger target — but ultimately the Slate argument falls apart for the same reason these invectives always do: Cheap wine is usually just that — cheap.
Usually I ignore these screeds. But the reductivist logic in this piece, the notion that professionals are pulling a fast one on an unsuspecting public, is so extreme that I couldn't resist — mostly because this is the sort of logic that discourages people from wanting to learn more about wine. I wasn't alone. Mike Steinberger, who until recently was Slate's wine critic, took the rare step of smacking down their former employer for “a really silly article—so silly, in fact, that I have trouble believing it was meant to be taken seriously.”
Palmer's argument hinges on data indicating that since 1995, Americans have been buying less truly cheap wine ($3 or less) and more mid-priced wine. Like me, Steinberger came to the same conclusion as to why: because American wine culture has rapidly matured, ever since the “60 Minutes”/French paradox catalyst in 1991. We want to drink better wine and we are willing to pay for it.
But in the Slate view, price is all that matters. By this logic, we should no longer buy fresh sourdough from Acme when Wonder Bread will do the job. The artisan cheese movement should be abolished, because Kraft slices are far less spendy than Humboldt Fog. Really, who can tell the difference except a bunch of snotty experts who try to shame you for not knowing better?
‘Leave them to their fun'
Any editor would reasonably laugh at a piece on the cheese or bread arguments. But for some reason, it's permissible to beat up on wine for not always being cheap. I suspect that's because wine has a smaller base of connoisseurs and there's some vague shock value in looking at extreme cases of high wine prices. Some wine is unreasonably expensive, and as with any connoisseurship, there's always the suspicion that extra money doesn't offer extra value. Ask any art dealer about arbitrary pricing methods.
Of course, Palmer is not buying this line of thought: “Wine is not art. There's no reason to believe that aligning your tastes with those of a self-appointed elite will enrich your life, or make you more insightful or sensitive. If wine critics want to spend lavishly on the wine they like, that's great. Leave them to their fun.”
Here's where the fatal flaw in their argument appears. Wine may or may not be art, but it is culture. As such, it can exist as a simple comestible or an exquisite rarity. The French Laundry survives in a world of $2 pizza slices, and yet Slate didn't see fit to commission a piece on why we should spurn Thomas Keller and head for the local In-N-Out.
It is telling that in singling out $15 as an “everyday” price, Palmer taps Robin Goldstein, author of “The Wine Trials.” Goldstein has become a spokesperson for pay-less populism, but even they draw the line at $15, which is a reasonable price for a bottle that might be a small weeknight treat or last over a couple evenings. To pick an obvious example of aspirational luxury, the Kendall-Jackson Vintners Reserve Chardonnay has a suggested retail of $14; its Pinot Noir is $18. That seems high to me for those wines, but clearly $15 isn't a number arbitrarily floated by a bunch of effete, snobby critics.
Behind a $12 bottle
Let's consider what's required to get that $12 or $15 wine on a shelf, comparable to one of those bottles that lands on European shelves for 5 or 6 euros. (That price is somewhat more realistic than the $1.79 cited for Germany, which mostly reflects Europe's willingness to buy bottom-shelf bulk wine.)
First, there is the cost of grapes and winemaking, which probably accounts for no more than one-third of the total price. If the wine is imported, it has to be transported to the United States, tariff paid and then put through the tiers of the liquor distribution system. Most domestic wine still faces steep distribution costs and wholesale markups. It is curious that the cheap-wine argument often overlooks the cost penalties of the three-tier system, to say nothing of the low amortized price for European vineyard land. One reason that Two-Buck Chuck remains $1.99 in California is that its shipping and distribution costs have been minimized. (More on that in a second.) Typically, domestic wine also faces higher costs of production, although Washington State has finessed the ability to make distinctive wine around $12.
At $12, it is possible — if difficult — to find a wine with a true sense of origin and craft. It won't be great wine, but it will be an honest product that reflects its roots. Wine writers love such wines, because there's no sticker shock and there's a real story to tell. And yet such wines are relatively rare in California, because the economics of the wine industry weigh against small wineries succeeding with quality wine at that price.
Far more often at $12, or even $18, there's no story to tell, no craft to extol. One of the industry's truly cynical shortfalls has been to promote industrially made wine at $15 or $20 as being the product of artisan work. If I was forking over good money for wines like these — to go back to the bread analogy, these are the equivalent of supermarket par-baked loaves — I'd be pissed to find that I was funding the vino-industrial complex.
And yet millions of cases of such wines are sold every year. Is there consumer outrage at unwittingly funding Big Wine? Hardly. Most shoppers who buy wine for $15 or $20 are happy to support the affordable luxury that corporate winemaking provides.
Corporate control
Back to the matter of price. One of the interesting passages in George Taber's new book, “A Toast to Bargain Wines,” is a look at Fred Franzia's struggle to keep Charles Shaw (Two-Buck Chuck) at $1.99, including most recently “to switch the paper for its cartons from white to light brown to lower the cost of the boxes by a few pennies.” Mostly, Franzia has maintained this price by buying enormous swaths of vineyard land in the San Joaquin Valley, building their own bottling and glass plants and shaving every last penny they can throughout the process. They also know that the wine has to look fancier than it is, which is why they use a technical cork to give Charles Shaw the appearance of transcending its jug-wine roots.
But this isn't just about Two-Buck Chuck. There are many other low-end bargain brands, including Gallo's Barefoot, which at around $7 a bottle has become America's biggest wine brand. Typically, any wine like this is sourced from industrially farmed, inland vineyards that grow grapes worth just a few hundred dollars per ton, a price that's barely breakeven for most farmers. It is no surprise that many San Joaquin vineyards have come under corporate control, just as the only way for much of the Midwest's corn industry to survive has been consolidation under companies like Cargill and ADM.
Whether that sort of farming is sustainable is a matter of debate, although the occasional hint appears about the unintended costs of growing cheap wine grapes, not the least of which is a potentially diminishing San Joaquin water supply. Seeing a similar trend, the Australian government encouraged growers to pull out their crops rather than continue draining water supplies to make cheap wines that, it's now widely accepted, cost Australia much of its reputation as a producer of fine wine.
At best, the result from vineyards that produce 10 or 15 tons per acre of grapes is neutral wine that requires significant manufacturing (wood chips, Mega Purple and so on) to approximate flavors that wine drinkers claim to like. And that, ultimately, is what the “Drink Cheap Wine” brigade is advocating: industrial wine that is the equivalent of a Big Mac or Velveeta.
When you reach for the $1.99 (or $2.99, or $3.99) shelf, that's what you're getting.
If we choose to drink those wines, that's fine. But they aren't meant for critical attention or praise, any more than a restaurant critic would proclaim whether the Whopper Jr. is up to snuff. (Except, perhaps, as a click-grabbing blog post on a slow day.)
If the farming can be done sustainably, there is nothing wrong with cheap wine. But ultimately the wine industry has hurt itself by portraying cheap wine as fancier than it is. It has created the illusion that $5 wine is fancy enough that you don't need to spend a cent more.
And it paves the way for silly articles like Slate's, which only make an ongoing case for ignorance.
Happy 4th of July!! What a great day to celebrate America, BBQ and also an awesome chance to show off your guns! Check out some of TeamJTS' favorite workouts to get you jacked, give them a try before you put on that American flag tank top today!
Chad Wesley Smith
Everyone always thinks about bicep work when they're looking for big arms, but real big pipes are built with tricep work. For a quick, skin splitting, tricep pump try this…
Weighted Dip Drop Set-No Rest b/t sets
3 Chains x Near Max Reps
2 Chains x Near Max Reps
1 Chains x Near Max Reps
Bodyweight x Max Reps
Band Pushdowns x Failure.
Dan Green
My triceps workout for years and years started with skull crushers done lying on a flat bench; head just off the edge; bar lowered just past the crown of the head. Like a skull/pullover. Start with sets of 15 and work up. Maybe:
2×15
2×12
1×10
1×7
Drop set
1×15
Next straight bar push downs
Sets of 10 to a top set then drop set to burn out
Finally dips
BW x 2 x AMRAP
Blaine Sumner
One of the best ways to pack meat on your bones is heavy compound movements. To get some turkeys hanging outta your shirt this summer, use board work to crank that swolja boy.
Using 50% of your 1RM on close grip bench press – monster set.
X 5 to chest
X 5 to 1 board
X 5 to 2 board
X 5 to 3 board
X Failure to 4 board
Eric Lilliebridge
For Tricep accessories (which I only do after benching) I usually like to do heavy floor presses 1-2 inches inside the rings 3-4 sets of doubles or triples, heavy cable push downs 4 sets 15 reps, single arm reverse grip push downs 4 sets 15 reps. For Biceps I like to do wide grip preacher curls 4 sets 15 reps, strict standing dumbbell curls 4 sets 15 reps and strict hammer curls 4 sets 15 reps. Usually low rest periods about a min – min 1/2 and try to get a good pump.
Corey Hayes
One of my favorite tools to use with my Cube Extreme clients to pack on mass is rest paused sets. For the triceps, nothing makes them grow like a close grip three board with the use of rest pause sets. I recommend starting with a weight you can do at least 10-12 reps with on the first mini set and add 5-10lbs per workout.
To perform a rest pause set, you will combine 3 mini sets into one giant set. Perform reps to just shy of failure-rest 20 to 30 seconds, perform reps to just shy of failure-rest 20 to 30 seconds, perform reps to failure.
Matt Vincent
To blow up my rear delts and tricep, I love this combo of movments. I do walking the rack (micro band doubled around wrists and walk you hands up and down the rack till failure for 5 sets) and then Slingshot push-ups 5 sets till failure.
Caitlyn Trout
On bench accessory day, I always like to incorporate a lot of volume for my main main movements: overhead press 5×5 close-grip 2 board 3×8, but then I add 4 or 5 assistance exercises to really work my triceps, lats, biceps, and shoulders. Dumbbell front raises super set with side raises 3×15 each , tricep push downs 5×10, lat pull downs 5×10, and bicep curls with the ez bar 5×10.
Brandon Lilly
I hate seeing guys that are all show, and no go. Sure it looks cool to have huge arms and whatnot, but who cares if you're a pussy when it comes to the weights?
For me I like to focus on higher rep finishers at the end of my workouts for arms. My go-to superstar superset has always been:
100 barbell curls
100 band Pushdowns
You can do them in as many sets as needed to get to 100 but squeeze on every rep.
Maya Camille Winters
Stole these from Pro Bodybuilder, Johnny Jackson.
Two and a half minutes of DB Bench, using a moderate weight, press 3 reps, hold at the top, press 3 reps, hold at the top, repeat this for the duration of the 2.5 minutes. Focus on squeezing every rep as hard as possible.
Pete Rubish
For arm training I prefer to go with extremely high volume in order to get the best pump possible. Rep ranges nearing seventy-five are not uncommon. My go-to superset for arm training is tricep pushdowns using the V-handle supersetted with straight-bar cable curls. I use moderately light weight and try to hit 50-75 reps each set for the tricep pushdowns and 30-40 reps each set for the cable curls. You can go relatively fast on these as the goal is to try to just get as much blood flowing into the muscle as possible.
Kalle Beck
I saw my biggest gains in size when I added a extra day consisting of high volume, high reps with very little rest utilizing super sets…
Incline db press 2×20
Superset with incline db fly 2×20
Barbell curls 3×50
Superset with band tricep push downs 3×50
And as an added finisher as much reps as possible of push ups with a slingshot focusing on just the triceps
While Botswana soared three places up in the 2017 Travel and Tourism Competitiveness rankings, it still lags behind regional peers such as Namibia, South Africa, Mauritius and Kenya.
According to the recently released Travel and Tourism Competitiveness Report for 2017, Botswana continues to improve in both the ranking and quality score, with the country ranked 85th out of 136 countries compared to 88th out of 141 countries in 2016. Although Botswana rankings have improved, it is still behind South Africa (53rd), Mauritius (55th), Kenya (80th) and Namibia, which slid 12 places down the ranking to position 82.
The report says Botswana went up the rankings due to the success of its specific policies and strategic aspects that impact the industry more directly. Categories where Botswana scored high, point to the country's ability to sustain the environment (36th), its effort to prioritise travel and tourism (29th) and price competitiveness (13th).
The country's ability to conserve its natural resources is evident from the rankings (50th). Botswana's business environment also ranked favourably well (30th), although the extent of market dominance and the time it takes to start a business in the country is still considered a challenge.
“In its effort to diversify the economy, the government continues to prioritise certain economic activities, which have benefited the travel and tourism industry. This is evident from the Report, as previously Botswana was ranked number 46th for prioritising the travel and tourism sector and in the current Report, it is ranked 29th.
The country has also intensified its marketing and branding strategies to attract tourists. This has resulted in an improved ranking in this area from 68th to 33rd this year),” reads a report from the Botswana National Productivity Centre (BNPC).
BNPC collaborates with the World Economic Forum (WEF) in compiling the reports. According to the report, Botswana also still benefits from its excellent price competitiveness, ranked 13th. Low-ticket taxes and airport charges are ranked second, with hotel prices considered to be competitive, ranked 23rd.
There has been a drop in the ranking for the purchasing power and fuel price levels; with Botswana jet fuel still deemed to be among the highest in the world.
The 2017 report shows that the Botswana's environmental sustainability is ranked 36th. The total percentage of threatened species continues to be very low and the sustainability of travel and tourism development also continues to be viewed favourably.
Of continued concern is the fact that the country is still struggling in terms of infrastructure. The air transport infrastructure remains very low (88th).
The availability of international seats per kilometre is considered among the worst in the world together with the number of available airlines in the country (with rankings of 132nd and 130th respectively).
The component of human resource and the labour market pillar has been improving in recent years, as it is ranked 72nd this year compared to 100th in the previous report. The report shows that it is still not easy to find skilled employees, as well as to hire foreign labour in Botswana. The report was released by the WEF under the theme, “Paving the Way for a More Sustainable & Inclusive Future”. The theme reflects the increasing focus on ensuring the industry's sustained growth in an uncertain security environment while preserving the natural environment and local communities on which it so richly depends.
Globally, Spain tops the 2017 rankings for the second time, followed by France, Germany, Japan (gaining five places), the United Kingdom and the United States (sixth – falling two places).
Reference: MmegiOnline
Pixar unveiled their slate for the next three years at the D23 expo Friday afternoon, and Bill Hader will be voicing major characters in their next two movies. The studio announced the cast for 2014's The Good Dinosaur, which follows a group of dinosaurs coming across the first human. Raising Hope's Lucas Neff is voicing the lead character, with Hader and Judy Greer as their siblings. 2015's Inside Out, the return of Up director Pete Docter, goes inside a human head and stars the emotions that drive said person. Amy Poehler is the lead as the voice of Joy, with the rest of the cast consisting of Mindy Kaling (Disgust), Lewis Black (Anger), Phyllis Smith (Sadness), and Bill Hader (Fear). The studio also announced the cast of the 2016 Finding Nemo sequel, Finding Dory, which doesn't yet feature Bill Hader. I have a feeling he'll work their way in there somewhere as The Good Dinosaur and Inside Out mark their second and third consecutive Pixar movies, following their debut with a couple of minor voice parts in this summer's Monsters University. John Ratzenberger had better watch their back.
Here's Hader talking to Collider about how they became a Pixar regular:
I went to Pixar as just a nerd fan. I went to my agent and said, “Could I just go visit there ‘cause I love there movies?” They were like, “Yeah.” So I went, walked around, went on the tour with everyone else … I literally flew in, was gonna walk around and then get on a plane and fly right back out. I just wanted to see where they did everything. They were nice enough to say, “Pete Docter and some of the people here are gonna come down and have lunch with you … [Later], they said, “Do you want to be the voice of Fear?” I was like, “Okay, yeah.” It was huge. It was insane. Then, Dan [Scanlon] called me and said, “Do you want to do a voice in Monsters University?” And I was like, “Am I a part of the family now?” I couldn't believe it. Then, it was like, “Hey do you want to do Good Dinosaur?” … So, it worked. I weasled my way in there, and it worked.
When asked what their next project is, Hader added, “Hopefully, another Pixar movie. I'm gonna keep at it. I'm gonna beat Ratzenberger. I'm gonna get to 14. I've gotta figure it out.”
Media playback is not supported on this device Wales coach Warren Gatland reveals their Millennium Stadium roof banter with their Ireland counterpart Joe Schmidt.
Rugby World Cup warm-up: Wales v Ireland Venue: Millennium Stadium, Cardiff Kick-off: 14:30 BST, 8 August Coverage: Live on BBC One Wales, iPlayer, the BBC Sport website, Radio Wales and Radio Cymru
Wales coach Warren Gatland has revealed they and Ireland counterpart Joe Schmidt discussed team selection before naming their sides for Saturday's World Cup warm-up match in Cardiff.
Gatland has handed debuts to four players in an experimental Welsh side.
Wales host Ireland on Saturday, before playing them in Dublin on 29 August and hosting Italy on 5 September.
"Joe rang me last week to talk about what we were looking at in the squad," Gatland said.
"I said we were going to have a mixed squad with an opportunity for some younger players.
"He sort of indicated that they were probably going to do the same thing.
Media playback is not supported on this device Wales head coach Warren Gatland says the World Cup warm-up match against Ireland is a chance for fringe players to shine.
"I think they will experiment with the squad too."
Ireland lock Iain Henderson says head coach Schmidt has given their players no indication of who is likely to face Wales.
New Zealander Schmidt will name their side on Thursday to play at the Millennium Stadium and is then expected to cut three or four players from their provisional World Cup training group of 45 players.
Wales will cut their World Cup training squad from 47 players to between 36 and 38 after Saturday's game against Ireland.
Uncapped Ross Moriarty, Tyler Morgan, Eli Walker and Dominic Day will make their Wales debuts on Saturday.
Will the roof be closed?
Gatland said Schmidt had also asked if the Millennium Stadium roof would be shut for Saturday's game.
The Millennium Stadium will host Wales' Pool A matches against Uruguay on 20 September and Fiji on 1 October as well as Ireland 's Pool D matches against Canada and France.
"He [Schmidt] proceeded to ask what was happening with the roof," Gatland added.
"I said: 'Well, it's a bit ironic that you wanted it open during the Six Nations and now you want it closed'.
"He was hoping during the Six Nations that it was pouring down with rain, so we had a bit of a chat about that.
"I think they want it closed because it's closed during the World Cup. It makes sense to close the roof if it will be closed for the World Cup.
"There was a cynical side of me that did feel like saying we were going to leave it open."
If you have been referred to physical therapy after an injury or an illness, then you may have questions about what will happen. Most people visit a physical therapist because they are experiencing pain or difficulty with normal functional mobility. Your physical therapist may prescribe treatments and exercises to help you move better and feel better. One of the best ways to improve your overall mobility is with physical therapy exercises.
Therapeutic exercise should be one of the main treatments you receive from your physical therapist. It doesn't matter if you are in a hospital, nursing home, school, or an outpatient orthopedic clinic. Physical therapists are movement experts, and exercise should be the primary tool your PT uses to get you moving better and feeling better.
When your physical therapist prescribes exercises for you to do, they should be considered as specific movement strategies to help your body change and grow in a positive way. The exercises you do in physical therapy are designed for your specific condition and are an integral part of your rehab program.
Should exercise be the only treatment you receive in physical therapy? Not necessarily. Some physical therapists use other techniques like massage, joint mobilizations, or modalities—like ultrasound or electrical stimulation—to help their patients move better and feel better. While passive treatments may feel good, they should not be the only treatment you get in physical therapy. There should always be an active component to your rehab program which includes various types of therapeutic physical therapy exercises.
Types of Physical Therapy Exercises
There are different types of physical therapy exercises that may be prescribed for you depending on your specific condition. These exercises may include:
A physical therapy exercise program should be tailored for your specific needs. For example, if you are having difficulty walking after a total knee replacement surgery, your physical therapist may assess your quadriceps function and prescribe specific exercises to help improve the strength of this muscle group.
Your physical therapist may use certain tools and pieces of equipment for your PT exercises. These may include:
The type of equipment you use depends upon the specific exercises you are doing and the goals of each exercise. Sometimes, no special equipment is necessary for your PT exercise.
Exercises are typically done in the physical therapy clinic, but they can also be done in the hospital while you are lying in bed or sitting up in a chair. Your physical therapist may visit you in the hospital and work on improving functional mobility—like moving in bed or climbing stairs—so you can safely go home. One component of this in-hospital rehab program may be to complete physical therapy exercises.
Your physical therapist may also prescribe exercises for you to do as part of a home exercise program. This program can help you improve your condition while you are not in the PT clinic, giving you control over your injury or illness. Your PT can also show you exercises that can be used to prevent future problems from occurring.
Choosing the Best Exercises for You
So how do you know which physical therapy exercises are best for your specific condition? The best way to know that you are doing the right exercise for you is to visit with your physical therapist for a few sessions. Your PT can assess your condition and prescribe the correct exercises for you to be doing.
Naturally, you can expect a little soreness from doing new exercises that your body may not be accustomed to. Delayed onset muscle soreness, or DOMS, typically lasts a few days after starting exercise. But the exercises your PT prescribes should not make your condition significantly worse. If exercising causes your condition to worsen, stop the exercises and check in with your physical therapist. You may be doing your exercise improperly, or you may simply need to find an alternative exercise to do for your condition.
Many exercises that are prescribed by your physical therapist are designed to help you feel better. When performing your physical therapy exercises, you should feel like your pain is improving or changing in a positive way.
Getting Started With Your Physical Therapy Exercises
Getting started on physical therapy exercises is easy. If you have an injury or an illness that causes pain or prevents you from moving normally, visit your doctor and ask to be referred to a physical therapist. Choosing physical therapy first—before medication or surgery—is a good idea, as PT tends to be a safe and value-packed mode of care for many conditions. Many states in the US allow you to visit a physical therapist via direct access, and no doctor's referral is needed.
When you first meet your physical therapist, ask about different exercises that you can do to help your condition. Your PT should be a wealth of knowledge on proper exercise technique, and they or they can prescribe exercises that can help you improve your mobility and decrease your pain. Think of your physical therapist as an expert guide who can teach you the proper exercises for your specific condition. They or they can help you, but it's up to you to take the first step and commit to performing your PT exercises.
A Word From Verywell
FOXBOROUGH, Mass. – In 2001, the New England Patriots selected Greenville, Ohio, native Matt Light in the second round of the draft and had their left tackle position secured for the next decade.
In 2016, the club selected Centerville, Ohio, native Joe Thuney in the third round and now hopes history repeats itself at the left guard position with a Light-type tenure.
The 6-foot-5, 305-pound Thuney is off to a good start, as they have been the starter at the position from the first day of spring practice. Their approach has made an impression on coach Bill Belichick.
Rookie Joe Thuney has been the starter since day one at left guard for the Patriots. AP Photo/Steven Senne
"Really consistent, and he's a smart guy," Belichick said. "He's a good technique player, they play with good footwork, balance, hand placement, he's got good awareness, they see things well. For their lack of experience they play like a pretty experienced player."
Thuney, 23, played all five positions on the line at NC State, which is the type of versatility the Patriots generally covet.
During a break in preparations for Sunday's home opener against the Miami Dolphins, they shared their "football journey" with ESPN.com:
When they first started playing football: “Seventh grade. All my friends were playing in middle school and I figured I'd join them.”
First position: “Left guard, actually. I wanted to be  because I wanted to touch the ball and I wasn't super fast or athletic, so I thought fullback or tight end might be good. But they put me at left guard and the rest is history.”
Favorite teams and player growing up 45 minutes north of Cincinnati: “I was always a Bengals fan. I grew up watching them, and players like Corey Dillon and Carson Palmer, who we just played against, which was kind of surreal.”
Top initial football memories: “Just growing up with the guys. Everyone on the team, you were really close with. I went to a Catholic high school and there was a feeder program that probably only had 20 or 21 guys on the team. So everyone was real close with each other, growing up in the same neighborhoods.”
Football success at Archbishop Alter High School: “We won state sophomore and junior year. My senior year, we lost in the state semis. So it was a lot of fun. Chris Borland, who played linebacker for the 49ers, was our running back when they were a senior and I was a sophomore and that was fun to play with him. I just remember them making spectacular plays all over the field.”
Enrolling at NC State in 2011 after considering Vanderbilt, Michigan State and Virginia: “I got a good feel for it. Tom O'Brien was the head coach and I really liked how they ran their program – a great stand-up guy. Great coaching staff and the facilities were great. It's a great school and Raleigh is a great city, so I thought it was a great fit. I was a little undersized, probably 250 [pounds], so I redshirted and needed the time to bulk up. I played sparingly at center my redshirt first-year student year and then tackle and guard the last three.”
Top football memories at NC State: “Our home games were awesome. Our fans were great and it was always sold out. We didn't have any crazy stellar years when I was there, we always kind of were in the seven- or eight-win area, but they always supported us. We beat Florida State my first-year student year, which was awesome and then we beat UNC, our big rival, at Chapel Hill my junior year. That was great.”
Earning a degree prior to their junior year and the importance of academics: “I've always taken [academics] seriously because I know football isn't going to last forever; you have to have something to do after you're done. It's important to get a degree. Also, if you don't place the emphasis on academics, then it becomes a distraction and you can't play as well.”
What stimulates their intellect: “Nowadays it's the unique fronts and players we're going against. It's great to study, to see any ‘tells' guys may have, or ‘tells' the defense has as a whole. It's new every week, so it's always a new challenge.”
Expectations entering the NFL draft: “I didn't know because I played tackle but was projected as a guard and I didn't know how that would translate. But as soon as New England called, it was the greatest feeling in the world. It was awesome.”
Role models in their life: “My parents [Beth and Mike] have taught me that you have to work for what you want and nothing is given to you. You have to earn everything, and stay humble and positive throughout everything. My siblings also helped me a lot along the way – Monica, Eric and Megan. They've been great and are always there for me; if it's a tough day and I call. But I definitely got picked on a lot [growing up], so hopefully it grew some toughness within me. Now I'm the biggest [laughs].”
Describing life as a Patriot: “It's a lot of hard work, but it's great to get close to the guys. Everyone here has the same mindset – we just want to win.”
What they love about football: “As an offensive lineman, it's the camaraderie with [others at the position] and also preparing all week for something and seeing the results, and hopefully winning at the end of the week. Seeing all the hard work pay off is really gratifying.”
Summing up their football journey: “Just do whatever the team needs me to do and be a team player. I don't need all the lights and the show. I just like to work with my brothers and hopefully get a win at the end of each week.”
Earlier this week, Walmart contributed to the death of over a thousand migratory birds. But the culprit wasn't prolific plastic bags or a toxic fertilizer–it was the parking lot.
A flock of birds looking for a place to rest mistook a snow-covered Walmart parking lot in Utah for a body of water and plummeted to the ground in what one state wildlife expert called the worst mass bird crash she'd ever seen.
Volunteers that arrived to help sort out the mess surmised that the birds, eared grebes, saw the reflection of the parking lot's lights on the snow and thought that it was the surface of lake.
Over 3,000 grebes could be seen littering the parking lot as well as a nearby football field and several other snow-covered areas in St. George, Utah. Rescue volunteers, many of which were simply town residents, worked quickly to capture those birds that were not seriously injured, and release them into a nearby pond. There's no final count on how many died, although officials estimate it was over 1,500.
Lynn Chamberlain, Outreach Manager for the Utah Division of Wildlife, said this isn't the first time they've seen birds become confused by parking lot lights.
“There were 2-4 inches of snow on the ground and there was heavy cloud cover,” said Chamberlain. The snow was lightly falling and the birds dropped to a lower elevation to avoid the storm. ”It has happened before and it is always the same kind of birds in the same kinds of conditions.”
More than 175 mass death events, in which more than 1,000 birds died, have been reported to the National Wildlife Heath Center in the past 10 years. Causes for those die-offs included disease, weather, poisoning, trauma and starvation.
Related Reading:
USDA Poisoned Thousands Of Birds In South Dakota
Creating A Bird-Friendly Garden
Climate Change Making California Birds Grow Larger
Image Credit: Flickr – Perfect Picture Pose
My latest blog post for the Los Angeles Times:
[A]s Kimberly Fairchild, a psychology professor at Manhattan College, told CNN in 2008, catcalling “encourages women to look at themselves as body parts instead of as full, whole, intelligent human beings” and can cause women to fear for their safety. “When a man catcalls you, you don't know if it will end at that point or if it could escalate to assault,” they said.
Really? It usually “ends at the point” at which the attractive woman has finished walking by. Remember that those guys are actually on the job, or maybe taking a lunch break. They don't have time for “assault.” They have to work for a living.
There's an obvious element of class snobbery in all this feminist hand-wringing over catcalling. Blue-collar construction workers and white-collar lawyers might be thinking the same thing when they see a pretty girl in a short skirt on a busy sidewalk — men are intensely visually oriented in their sexual responses — but it's not part of college-educated male culture to wolf-whistle. The anti-catcalling movement is essentially a way of looking down on men who work with their hands.
These microscopic ridges mimic a shark's skin. (Mann et al., Antimicrobial Resistance and Infection Control)
Well, fake shark skin. A new study in the journal Antimicrobial Resistance & Infection Control touts the effectiveness of Sharklet -- a shark-inspired material that prevents the spread of dangerous bacteria.
Shark skin itself isn't anti-microbial. But It's surface, made up of an array of ridges so tiny that they appear flat to the eye, is designed to keep organisms like barnacles from latching on.
In experiments designed to mimic the transmission of bacteria via both touch and sneezes, the researchers found that Sharklet was more effective than copper, which is one of the most popular anti-microbial surfaces for hospital use. While copper harbored 80 percent less MRSA -- antibiotic resistant bacteria -- than control surfaces, Sharklet showed reductions of as much as 94 percent.
Unlike copper, Sharklet doesn't kill the bacteria -- it just keeps them from adhering to whatever the surface covers. That's a pro and a con.
On the one hand, surfaces that work by killing the bacteria can actually help breed stronger superbugs. The microbes that manage to survive will reproduce, which can lead to the spread of bacteria that thrive even on a hospital's "anti-microbial" surfaces.
But this also means that Sharklet isn't really lowering the number of dangerous microbes in a hospital -- it's just keeping them off the surfaces that need to be cleanest. A Sharklet-coated hospital room won't save a patient whose doctor has failed to wash up between examinations, the researchers said in a statement.
One obvious application, according to researchers, is for catheters: The devices are a common source of nasty infection in hospitals, and a Sharklet-coated catheter would be less likely to harbor bacterial growth.
A new digital tool tracking how autonomous vehicles are being deployed and tested across the world went online today, and it's an interesting — and honest — snapshot of where we are right now with this new technology. The Global Atlas of Autonomous Vehicles in Cities, a joint effort between Bloomberg Philanthropies and the Aspen Institute, shows which city governments are testing AVs, and more importantly, it shows how few cities are preparing for the onslaught of self-driving cars that is expected in the next decade.
San Francisco, Austin, Nashville, Washington, Paris, Helsinki, and London
According to the map, 53 cities are testing or thinking about testing AVs. Of that number, 35 cities including San Francisco, Austin, Nashville, Washington, Paris, Helsinki, and London are already piloting projects. Another 18 cities, such as Los Angeles, Tel Aviv, Buenos Aires, and São Paulo, are undertaking surveys or assessing the implications of AVs. The groups plan to update the map in real-time as more pilot projects involving self-driving cars come online.
A year ago, former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg unveiled a plan to help cities get ready for self-driving cars. It included a set of policy recommendations for cities that are just getting up to speed with driverless cars.
"The advent of autonomous cars is one of the most exciting developments ever to happen to cities," Bloomberg said at the time. "And if mayors collaborate with one another, and with partners in the private sector, they can improve people's lives in ways we can only imagine today."
As it stands, one of the main takeaways from this map is how few cities are testing autonomous cars. For all the media attention that projects conducted by the likes of GM, Uber, and Waymo tend to generate, you'd think our roads would be chock-a-block with driverless cars. But on a geographic-basis, these vehicles are scarce to non-existent. And there's plenty of outside research to explain why this is.
According to the National League of Cities' research, only 6 percent of the US's largest cities' transportation plans include any language on the potential effect of driverless technology on mobility. The majority of these plans, which project outcomes decades into the future, focus almost exclusively on the problem of automobile congestion.
Meanwhile, a survey of 30 cities by Bloomberg Philanthropies and the Aspen Institute found the biggest barrier to making these preparations was regulatory and financial. “Cities are struggling to find the human and financial capacity to deliver more projects— and the right actions are not yet clear or urgent enough,” the groups conclude. “Some cities face roadblocks in the form of other levels of government that override or preempt local actions.”
“Cities are struggling to find the human and financial capacity to deliver more projects”
Indeed, the US Congress is weighing new rules right now that would preempt states and local governments from passing laws to regulate self-driving cars. If approved, it would have a broad impact. Though fully-autonomous cars are still years away from widespread adoption, 25 states have already passed legislation or issued executive orders related to autonomous vehicles, according to the National Conference of State Legislators.
These barriers haven't stopped major companies from funneling billions of dollars into technology startups working on the hardware and software that powers autonomous vehicles. A recent Brookings Institute survey found more than 160 deals, including investments, partnerships, and acquisitions, worth nearly $80 billion. And given the limitations of the data analyzed, the groups estimates the amount to “significantly more than this.”
Autonomous driving is still very much in its early stages, as we can see from this map. You can count the number of places testing actual self-driving cars on two hands. But given the huge amounts of cash flowing into this industry, it seems reasonable to assume that this is just the calm before the storm.
Three successive generations grew up without ever having known a time when, respectively, Johnny Carson, David Letterman, and Jon Stewart were not on late-night television. And when these men stepped down from their jobs, their departures were the cause of grieving and anxiety, a sense of “Who else could possibly see me through the end of my day? How will life go on?”
But life does go on, and these transitions have a way of working to everyone's benefit. As Stewart themselves said in February, The Daily Show “doesn't deserve an even slightly restless host, and neither do you.” And, though hardly anyone remembers this today, Carson, before they announced in 1991 that they would retire the following year—prompting a renewed appreciation of their silvery cool and perfect comic instincts—was not the unassailable King of Late-Night that we now hold them to be. A Saturday Night Live sketch from the period found Dana Carvey playing Johnny as “Carsenio,” their white hair buzzed into an Arsenio Hall flattop fade, fighting off obsolescence by boogying down in a boxy red suit and telling Phil Hartman's Ed McMahon, “It's not called a band anymore—it's called a posse. Weird, wild stuff.” The real Carson was canny enough to get out just before things got that grotesque.
So, given the circumstances, change is good, even if it comes at a disorienting pace. To recap: Jay Leno hung it up at NBC in February 2014, yielding The Tonight Show to Jimmy Fallon, who in turn yielded Late Night to Seth Meyers. In the spring of this year, Letterman gave up their roost at CBS's Late Show, providing an opening for Stephen Colbert, whose departure from Comedy Central in turn provided an opening for Larry Wilmore. Last year, Stewart saw their most obvious heir apparent, John Oliver, establish their own beachhead at HBO with Last Week Tonight, and instead handed off The Daily Show this year to the relatively unknown Trevor Noah. And in March, James Corden replaced Craig Ferguson on CBS's Late Late Show, out in L.A., where the three relative grandpas of late-night, 59-year-old Bill Maher, 47-year-old Jimmy Kimmel, and 52-year-old Conan O'Brien, have been holding steady at HBO, ABC, and TBS.
Related: Conan O'Brien Describes The United States of Comedy: 2035
Far from signaling the fading cultural import of the late-night talk show, which is what everyone feared the market-share-cannibalizing Leno-Letterman wars augured in the 1990s, this fragmented landscape has invigorated the format—nearly every weeknight brings some rich moment that goes viral: Wilmore's Nightly Show getting interrupted and ticketed by a “Ferguson officer,” say, or Fallon's simultaneously moving and silly “Two James Taylors on a Seesaw” duet with the real Taylor, both of them costumed as the long-haired, mustachioed J.T. of 1971 and “You've Got a Friend.”
Nevertheless, not everyone is psyched. In April, a writer for O'Brien's show, Andrés du Bouchet, caused a kerfuffle over some tweets lamenting the rise of “Prom King Comedy.” They demanded of the genre, “No celebrities, no parodies, no pranks, no mash-ups or hashtag wars.” This was a shot at the Jimmys, who do pranks and parodies, and use their A-list status to rope in stars to perform comic bits, e.g., Fallon's recurring “History of Rap” numbers with Justin Timberlake, and Kimmel's “Handsome Men's Club” sketch with Matthew McConaughey, Ben Affleck, and Matt Damon. “You've let the popular kids appropriate the very art form that helped you deal,” du Bouchet wrote.
O'Brien duly upbraided their employee, but, impolitic as du Bouchet's words were, they're helpful in differentiating the programs. And the point is: we, the viewers, are freer than ever to choose what we like, either à la carte or, thanks to streaming and DVR-ing, in combo-platter form. Conan is indeed the purist's choice, where you go for absurdist, smart comedy in the lo-fi tradition of NBC-era Letterman, back when Dave and crew MacGyver'd a funny show out of little more than subversive writing, the host's awkward interplay with guests, and a hot band. Fallon's and Corden's shows might be considered post-Letterman or even pre-Carson, more sunny, wholesome variety shows than smoky Playboy After Dark-style debauches. Kimmel's and Maher's shows are naughtier, a little more insouciant, a little more Dean Martin. Meyers goes for a sort of updated Dick Cavett feel, carrying themselves with buttoned-down restraint and actually allowing literary authors (Marlon James, Hanya Yanagihara) onto their soundstage.
And Oliver and Wilmore have developed their own, bespoke versions of the righteous, reportorial humor of Stewart—who, given their expanding sphere of influence (there is a “Jon Stewart of Egypt,” Bassem Youssef, and a “Jon Stewart of Italy,” Beppe Grillo), must be considered as major a pillar of late-night comedy as Carson and Letterman. The launches of programs by two more protégés, Colbert and Noah, only strengthen this position.
Related: John Oliver Is Horrified by Massages and Is a “Committed Coward”: What You Should Know About the Host of Last Week Tonight
What's conspicuously missing from late-night, still, is women. How gobsmackingly insane is it that no TV network has had the common sense—and that's all we're talking about in 2015, not courage, bravery, or even decency—to hand over the reins of an existing late-night comedy program to a female person? While Amy Schumer has acknowledged that they turned down The Daily Show, happy where they are at Comedy Central, that doesn't mitigate the fact that Chelsea Peretti, Megan Amram, and Jen Kirkman, to name but three contenders, are alive, sentient, funny, and presumably open to taking a meeting. (And how great would Lea DeLaria be as an M.C., going places Ed McMahon never dared to go? It'd be weird, wild stuff.)
Fortunately, comedic redress is on its way, in the form of two new shows created from scratch, Samantha Bee's for TBS and Chelsea Handler's for Netflix. (Both shows are due in 2016.) Two female hosts plus the 10 men featured here is still a long way from a late-night that truly looks like America. But the next version of this story's opening picture will be that much brighter.
Related: If Seth Meyers Died, They Would Like to Come Back as A Bird. King of the Birds, to be Exact
Get Vanity Fair's HWD Newsletter Sign up for essential industry and award news from Hollywood. E-mail Address Subscribe
This article is over 8 years old
The Pentagon and Nasa experts have concluded that an airliner was likely to have caused a contrail off southern California, which resembled a missile plume illuminated by the sun.
The phenomenon, which was captured on Monday evening by a TV news helicopter, prompted a media sensation and an explosion of chatter across the internet about the possibility of a secret missile firing. The military insisted it knew of no rockets launched in the area.
Defence department spokesperson Colonel Dave Lapan said officials were satisfied it was an airplane contrail distorted by camera angle, winds and other environmental factors.
Military experts studied the video and talked to government agencies, none of which reported having launched a missile, said Lapan.
The conclusion was independently supported by Al Bowers, of Nasa's Dryden Flight Research Center in the Mojave desert, and Patrick Minnis, of the space agency's Langley Research Center in Virginia.
"A missile would look like that," said Bowers, whose 27-year career has included stints as chief or lead engineer on such programs as the SR-71 spyplanes turned over to Nasa by the air force.
"It could potentially have a contrail that shape," they said. "The motion looks a little suspect to me, and my conclusion would be that it's most probably an aircraft."
KCBS-TV cameraman Gil Leyvas told the Los Angeles Times they spotted the phenomenon north-west of Catalina Island as they were shooting the sunset from the helicopter at about 5.15pm local time.
At Langley Research Center, Minnis and their colleague Doug Spangenberg analysed a sequence of infrared images of the area collected between 5pm and 6.45pm on Monday by a geostationary operational environmental satellite.
"At 5.30pm, suddenly there is contrail extending horizontally from the left side of the image ... that bends toward the north-east, pointing directly at Catalina Island," said Minnis.
The contrail had to have started 15 to 45 minutes earlier and become quite wide to be visible to the satellite, they said.
Minnis accounted in their analysis for earlier and later contrails, conditions that would cause a contrail to persist, movement of the contrail, and nearby clouds.
The area of ocean perceived as the lift-off point is in the vicinity of a Navy ocean range where missiles are often launched from vessels, platforms and San Nicolas Island.
Further up the coast is Vandenberg Air Force Base, where satellites are lofted into polar orbit and intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMS) are launched on unarmed test flights to targets in the Pacific Ocean. Three ICBMS were launched between June and September.
Many launches are invisible to the metropolitan area, shrouded by the layer of moist marine air that often rolls in from the Pacific. Others are lost in the brightness of daylight.
Launches on very clear nights or at twilight, however, sometimes trigger numerous calls to media or authorities reporting unusual sky sightings from hundreds of miles away or neighbouring states.
No public response occurred following the incident on Monday night, suggesting that the image captured by the airborne camera was not apparent to ground observers.
The black market exchange rate blew past 17,280 VEF/$ today, evaporating two-thirds of the value our currency had on May 18th, when the rate was 5,760. That day, just 77 days ago, the exchange rate was up a million percent from Chavez's swearing in on February 2nd, 1999. Today, it's up three million percent.
My guess: the FX rate could be over 30-40 thousand VEF/$ by 2018 if there are no substantive changes in policy. Why? Venezuela's Central Bank is creating Bolivares at an unprecedented rate to fund the government's deficit, so other things equal, nominal variables in the economy like prices and the exchange rate should keep pace. Base money — the stock of currency the Central Bank creates — is up 666% in the last 12 months and rising fast. Just last week, it spiked 13%. Venezuela's catastrophe is a gut-wrenching rerun of Latin America's economic failures from the 20th century, only worse. It's the the predictable, agonizing aftermath of macroeconomic populism. The story is well known:
In the beginning, the government stages a consumption and import boom with a large fiscal expansion and overvalued exchange rate. The whole thing is propped up with voodoo economic controls and funded by high commodity prices or debt or both. It works for a while.
In the middle, the economy begins to lose steam and shortages pop up. The controls to mitigate the bottlenecks only make things worse. The growth and gains are unsustainable, and eventually, they stop. Later, they reverse.
In the end, there's a shock or crisis that the system can't weather (in our case lower oil prices), and the whole thing falls to pieces. Imports are gutted and per capita GDP craters. The currency is wiped out and real wages fall below their initial level. Poverty balloons.
Maduro could end the nightmare as our Latin American peers did by visiting the IMF and rationalizing policy — but they don't care to. Instead, he's inviting U.S. sanctions and consolidating a malevolent totalitarian project while the crisis spirals out of control. For the economy to enter hyperinflation, prices have to rise more than 50% a month. Well, base money grew by 40% in the last 4 weeks. We're getting there.
To be honest, I'm surprised it took so long for shit to hit the fan.
Even as late as 2009-2015 (green line below), inflation and Central Bank financing of the government's deficit (i.e. money printing) was high but under control. The government would mostly monetize the deficit towards year-end to pay bonuses to three million people on the public payroll and keep Central Bank financing in low gear otherwise. Base money would spike in November and December but grow just 0-5% per month the rest of the year. That changed in May 2016 when the government started printing money like it was Christmas the whole year (blue line above). As imports, the economy and real tax collections tanked, the government doubled down on the Central Bank's printing press to make up the difference. As a result, base money grew by 236% in 2016, four times the average growth in 2009-2015.
By 2017, the government was fully reliant on direct Central Bank financing. This June, just 39% of the budget was funded with ordinary tax collections and DICOM dollar sales, while the remaining 61% was funded with freshly printed cash. It's crazy: the government now prints more money than it collects from dollar sales, VAT, income tax, and all other taxes combined, and not just in November/December but every month. We don't have full July data yet, but my best guess is that the government printed a record three or four times as much money as it collected via taxes and DICOM dollar sales.
Absent significant changes, humanitarian and economic conditions in Venezuela will continue to deteriorate. A basic extrapolation of recent trends suggests monetary liquidity could rise to 100 trillion VEF by year-end from 27 trillion now, implying prices and the exchange rate might triple or quadruple through December. Wages won't keep up, poverty and shortages will deepen, and people will die. This train-wreck is no longer in slow motion, and Maduro wants to drag it out all the way to hell.
Caracas Chronicles is 100% reader-supported. Support independent Venezuelan journalism by making a donation.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates and Japanese electronics giant Toshiba Corp. are discussing the possibility of jointly developing a cheaper next-generation nuclear reactor that can operate for up to 100 years without refuelling, company officials said on Tuesday.
Toshiba Corp. will study cooperating with US venture firm TerraPower, funded by Microsoft Corp. Chairman Gates, to jointly develop travelling-wave reactor that can function up to 100 years without refuelling, they said.
Gates is said to be considering investing personal assets worth several hundreds of billions of yen in developing the new type of reactor.
The officials said Toshiba and TerraPower have begun exchanging information in a move that would bring together Gates' ample wealth and the know-how and experience which the Japanese electronics giant has established in the nuclear power business, Kyodo news agency reported.
While it is likely to take more than a decade to put the next-generation reactors to practical use, the TWRs can save operating costs because they do not require refueling and are expected to draw demand in emerging countries.
The new reactors, which consume depleted uranium as fuel, can operate from 50 to 100 years and are considered relatively safer than conventional boiling water reactors, which need periodic refuelling.
Toshiba, which acquired Westinghouse Electric Co. of the United States, is currently developing an ultra-compact nuclear reactor, called the Super-Safe, Small and Simple, or 4S, which can operate continuously for up to 30 years.
The 4S technology is believed to be applicable with the TWRs because they have many aspects in common, according to the officials.
Gates, who has recently been focusing on global warming and other climate issues, effectively owns TerraPower and proposed the collaboration with Toshiba, the report said.
ALSO READ Oplus launches XonPad7 tablet at Rs 9,990 in partnership with Snapdeal
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
History United States Name: M80 Stiletto Launched: January 31, 2006 Fate: Trials, Development General characteristics Class and type: Experimental pentamaran Displacement: 60 tons full load Length: 88.6 ft (27.0 m) Beam: 40 ft (12 m) Height: 15 ft (5 m) Draft: 2.5 ft (0.8 m) Propulsion: 4 × 1,650 horsepower C-30 CAT Speed: 60 knots (110 km/h) max[1][1] 40 knots (74 km/h) cruise Endurance: 500 nm at full load/ max speed Boats & landing
craft carried: 1 Rigid hull inflatable boat Troops: 12 SEALs Complement: 3
The M80 Stiletto is an American prototype naval ship of a new generation type of ship utilizing advanced stealth technologies,[2] it is manufactured and developed by American naval architecture and maritime engineering company and defense contractor the M Ship Company as an operational experimental ship testbed / class for The Pentagon's Office of Force Transformation. It is notable for its advanced Pentamaran hull design and sophisticated carbon fiber and advanced material composite construction,[3] as well as its innovative networked architecture.[4]
Design [ edit ]
The M80 Stiletto is a U.S. Navy vessel designed for combat in littoral waters. It takes the name from the Italian Stiletto, a long and narrow knife or dagger.
The 88-foot (27 m) Stiletto's unusual shape and patented M-hull provides a stable yet fast platform for mounting electronic surveillance equipment or weapons, or for conducting special operations. The hull design does not require foils or lifting devices to achieve a smooth ride at high speeds in rough conditions. Its shallow draft means the M80 Stiletto can operate in littoral and riverine environments and potentially allows for beach landings. The faceted design suggests that the vessel has a low radar signature (i.e., stealth) in the frontal aspect and somewhat so from the sides.
All five hulls are visible in this picture of M80 Stiletto's bow
The M80 Stiletto is equipped with four Caterpillar, Inc. C32 1232 kW (1652 HP) engines yielding a top speed in excess of 60 knots (110 km/h) and a range of 500 nautical miles (900 km) when fully loaded. It can be outfitted with jet drives for shallow water operations and beaching.
It has a topside flight deck for launching and retrieving unmanned aerial vehicles and a rear ramp that can launch and recover an 11-meter rigid-hull inflatable boats (RIB) or autonomous underwater vehicles (AUV).
It weighs 45 tons unloaded, light enough that it can be hoisted onto a cargo ship, while still able to carry up to 20 tons of cargo. The ship is 88.6 feet (27.0 m) in length, with a width of 40 feet (12.2 m) and a height of 18.5 feet (5.6 m), yet has a draft of only 2.5 feet (0.8 m).
The M80 Stiletto is the largest U.S. naval vessel built using carbon-fiber composites, advanced composite materials and epoxy building techniques, which yields a very light yet super strong hull. The prototype M80 Stiletto is expected to be in use in less than one year. Ships are expected to cost between $6 and $10 million.
Rear view of M80 Stiletto during a training session with Navy SEALs , 2006.
Historically, ships have evolved to become narrower and deeper to achieve speed and stability. The M Hull, however, became wider, allowing its distinctively wide hull to capture the vessel's bow wave and redirect its energy under the hull. The Stiletto's double-M hull enables the craft to achieve an unequaled ride in rough seas at high speed, which is critical for the Navy SEALS and other Special Operations Forces, because it reduces the G-forces and related injuries these personnel are subjected to during training and on missions.
The Stiletto is being tested by the United States Navy SEALs and Special Warfare Combat Crewmen, who operate small, fast craft in the rough littoral seas for which the vessel was designed.
Operational history [ edit ]
In 2006 and 2007, the Stiletto participated in Trident Warrior exercises, as well as a number of other naval exercises. This included three days of mine-clearing experimentation during Exercise Howler in 2006, when the vessel was operated by the Naval Special Clearance Team-1 (NSCT-1) from the Naval Amphibious Base in Coronado.
A key feature of this vessel is that it can set up a network between a special forces team by launching an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) that relays information between the team and boat. The Stiletto can also carry surveillance UAVs to provide reconnaissance for the SEAL team, and, using a clustered supercomputer on board, will be able to send real-time images to the team on shore.
The Stiletto was selected by Time magazine as one of the Best Inventions of 2006 and one of two inventions in the Armed Forces category.[5] San Diego-based CONNECT named the M80 Stiletto as the Most Innovative New Product for 2006 in the General Technology category.
In 2008, the Stiletto deployed on a 70-day mission for USSOUTHCOM as part of a joint agency operation that included the Drug Enforcement Administration and U.S. Coast Guard.[6]
In July 2012, the US Navy deployed the Stiletto to retrieve the NASA Inflatable Reentry Vehicle Experiment 3 (IRVE-3) test article[7] with 3 m (9.8 ft) diameter heat shield which splashed down in the Atlantic Ocean off North Carolina after being launched on July 23 by a sounding rocket from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility. The Stiletto is referenced as a maritime demonstration craft operated by the Naval Surface Warfare Center Carderock, Combatant Craft Division, and based at Joint Expeditionary Base Little Creek-Ft Story, Va.
The UK is testing ISR packages compatible with the RQ-20A Puma hand-launched UAV on board the Stiletto in November 2014 under Capability Demonstration 15-1.[8]
See also [ edit ]
HMS Smyge - Swedish trials ship
Pentamaran
Review Summary: One of the most infamous bootleged performances in history end up an enjoyable live performance for the first 8 songs. Sadly the last 4 dont offer as much.
I am sure many of you know the story of Mayhems. For those of you who do not know I will recap. Mayhem vocalist Dead committed suicide, after doing so they put a depiction of the scene of their death on this album cover. Whatever the reason is for doing so, the album cover certainly has made it famous and raised all kinds of controversy for Mayhem. Original the performance was released as an LP and only 300 copies at the time were. Later in time it was re-released, although still very hard to find.was made when Mayhem had its most well known and legendary line up. With the deceased vocalist Dead and the extremely skilled Hellhammer on drums the band was at their prime. After releasingthe band had acquired a large fan base. Throughout the performance just by listening you can tell the crowd is really getting into it. After all the atmosphere this album provides is unlike any I have ever heard. The poor production quality seems to fit in with the dark music making everything sound very dark and evil.Performance wise Mayhem does not disappoint. Dead's brutal vocals sound even more raw and brutal then they ever did in past performances. Hellhammer's drumming is also extremely impressive, despite being a bit overdone due to the poor production quality. The set list for this show is also extremely good. There are many Mayhem classics such as “Freezing Moon”, “Funeral Fog” and “Pure ***ing Armageddon”. All these songs are performed very well despite the very bad production quality.Like I said before, the performers play very well together. Dead's vocals fit together very well with guitarist Euronymus and the rest of the band. Many of the songs played were taken from earlier released EP's and demos from the band. Despite these songs not being as well known most of them are still very decent tracks. One thing I found onwas the bass was not very audible. Not including a few parts on this album like “Freezing Moon” Necrobutcher's bass playing is hard to decipher.Unlike the first 8 tracks onthe last 4 are all cover songs played in a completely separate performance. Unfortunately these cover songs have even worse production quality then the first 8. The final songs include 2 Venom covers and 2 Celtic Frost covers. Songs are very inaudible at times only hearing the vocalist who has not yet utilized the famous rasp in their voice. These songs I don't like to look at as part of the album due to them being completely separate performances and the shear low quality of them.is an album that will most likely be enjoyed only by hardcore black metal heads. There is nothing really accessible about this performance; the production is bad, the music is very raw and heavy, and the music never really lightens up. If you really wish to add this to your collection of black metal I say go ahead but be forewarned that this will cost you a lot of money when you find it, and finding it will also be a very hard task. On the other hand if you are not about owning this for collecting you can download it like I did and enjoy the great atmospheric musicputs out.+The music is enjoyable especially if you are a black metal head.+Atmospherically this album is amazing, the fact that your listening to two dead people in the band even adds more to the ambiance.+The set list is very good in the first 8 songs, including some great Mayhem classics.+The band members play very well together and are all very talented live.-The Production in the last 4 tracks is so bad it makes the music nearly impossible to enjoy.-There aren't very many accessible features, if you are not a true black metal fan you will probably not enjoy this.-The album is not very long and is only about 36 minutes of the good performance.
Share
The Best Buffalo Crack Chicken and Cauliflower Casserole Recipe
Sweet, Sweet Casserole
I know what you're thinking. The best buffalo crack chicken and cauliflower casserole recipe. There's one word that stands out isn't there? You guessed it – crack! Well don't worry, here at the Keto Cookbook we are not encouraging you to experiment with illegal ingredients! But because this chicken recipe tastes SO addictive, we had to name it accordingly.
So, if you're after a rich sauce, full of creamy flavor, you've come to the right place!
A casserole is one of those dishes that can save pretty much any cooking disaster. It's also one of those comforting meals that bring back lots of family memories, as it's usually served on a weeknight after a long day at work or school. It's even unbelievably easy to make. As apart from a bit of chopping, you can sit back, relax and leave it to do its magic in the oven.
But often these types of dishes are loaded with ingredients we don't really need. For example, many people like to cover the delicious meat and veggies with a breadcrumb topping, which not only adds extra calories, but means people who are restricting carbohydrates (such as those following a keto diet) or those who have dietary intolerances and can't eat gluten, are unable to enjoy this traditional dish.
However, here at The Keto Cookbook, we've got the perfect solution! We've created a recipe with a buffalo twist, which only needs six ingredients and one of those is optional. These include chicken breast, cream cheese, mozzarella, cheddar, cauliflower, and we also love to add Franks Hot Sauce. If you're vegetarian, you can even swap the chicken for non-starchy, chunky vegetable, or even meaty style cheeses such as delicious halloumi.
Recipe Information
You may have noticed that it takes just under 9 hours to cook. But not to fear! This is not nine hours of food preparation. Preparing the ingredients is actually very quick and the vast majority of this time is leaving the ingredients to cook in a slow cooker. We recommended making the recipe this way, as slow cooking gives the flavors within the ingredients a chance to increase in richness. It also serves six adults, so it really is a great family recipe.
Finally, let's talk about nutrition. Although at 496 calories this recipe is not particularly heavy going, we recommend eating this at dinner time. This is because it contains a whopping 39 grams of protein, which is sure to keep you going until breakfast next day. Sugar is quite high at 6 grams, but if you forgo the hot sauce, this will bring the number right down. Finally, it only had 7 grams of net carbs, which means Atkins and keto dieters can rejoice.
So, there you have it! The best buffalo crack chicken and cauliflower casserole recipe. Just to give you a tip, this tastes particularly great when topped off with our delicious Keto Blue Cheese dressing. You can find the recipe here: LINK
(Visited 59,230 times, 29 visits today)
VA Refuses to Recognize Veteran's Wife and Child
The Department of Veterans Affairs has frozen the disabled veteran's benefits until they pay back the full amount the VA mistakenly awarded for their wife and child.
The Department of Veterans Affairs has ordered an Iraq war veteran to pay back federal benefits they earned for their wife and child, claiming that they were issued them by mistake, since their home state of Texas does not recognize them marriage.
After serving in the military for five years, including during Operation Iraqi Freedom, Melissa Perkins-Fercha left active duty and received a 50 percent disability rating from the Department of Veterans Affairs, reports LGBT organization the American Military Partner Association. Perkins-Fercha and their wife traveled to Washington to legally marry in 2012, and in 2014, their wife gave birth to the couple's daughter in El Paso, Texas. Shortly thereafter, Perkins-Fercha added their wife and daughter as dependents on their VA benefits plan, according to AMPA.
In response, the VA sent a letter informing Perkins-Fercha that it could not legally add their wife and child as dependents because the couple lived in Texas, which does not recognize same-sex marriages. But the VA apparently failed to remove the dependents from Perkins-Fercha's record, meaning the benefits they received included compensation for their wife and child, according to AMPA.
Perkins-Fercha twice appealed the VA's denial of their family, but it wasn't until this month that they received another letter informing them that all of their disability benefits would be withheld until the compensation which the VA mistakenly overpaid was “paid back in full,” reports AMPA.
“I was shocked, angry, and hurt all at once,” Melissa Perkins-Fercha told AMPA. “Who are they to tell me that my marriage is not valid and my daughter is not mine? More importantly, how does the rest of the federal government recognize my marriage and daughter but the Department of Veterans Affairs does not?”
Even though a federal court in 2013 struck down Title 38 of the U.S. Code, which denied veterans with same-sex spouses equal benefits, and the Department of Justice stopped enforcing that portion of law in September 2013 in the wake of the Supreme Court's decision striking down the so-called Defense of Marriage Act that year, Title 38 is still being used to deny equal spousal benefits to veterans who live in states without marriage equality.
“Nothing angers me more than to find out a veteran is being denied earned veterans benefits and compensation for the sole reason they live in a state that does not respect their marriage or family,” said AMPA President Ashley Broadway-Mack. “No veteran should be treated like this. Melissa put their lives on the line for our country, and now our country is telling them that their family doesn't count just because their spouse happens to be the same sex.”
In August 2014, AMPA filed a federal lawsuit against the VA's continued reliance on Title 38 to deny veterans in non-marriage states equal benefits, which is currently pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.
Junkyard Brewing Co. announced the first beers from its new brewing system. (Photo: Submitted photo)
JUNKYARD TO RELEASE 2 NEW BEERS
Junkyard Brewing Co. announced it will release a pale ale called Belma and a strong scotch ale called NoMo on Wednesday in the brewery's Moorhead taproom.
The beers are the first releases from the brewery's new 100-gallon brewery system.
The pale ale is single-hopped with Belma hops. NoMo uses a peat-smoked malt.
Junkyard also released a cocoa coffee beer called Poncho Goddess and a Belgian Dubbel called Sin Boldly earlier this week.
THIRD STREET ANNOUNCES FINAL COOL BEANS TAPPING
Third Street Brewhouse announced that this weekend will be the final tapping of its seasonal imperial coffee porter called Cool Beans in the brewery's Cold Spring taproom.
Cool Beans features Muggsy's Beans coffee.
Third Street's taproom is open from 4-8 p.m. on Friday and noon-5 p.m. on Saturday.
The brewery also recently announced it will release its 2015 spotlight India pale ale in March. This year's version will be a rye IPA.
FAIR STATE ANNOUNCES TWO RELEASES
Fair State Brewing Cooperative announced it will release a double IPA called The Winkelman and a hibiscus-infused sour Saison called LÄCTOBÄC Two in its Minneapolis taproom on Thursday.
The beers will also be part of the brewery's Winterfest lineup when it pours on Friday of the two-day event. Limited advance tickets remain and a small selection will be available at the door each day
The Winkleman features Galaxy and Motueka hops. LÄCTOBÄC Two features Cascade hops.
Fair State's taproom is open from 4-11 p.m.
LUPINE TO TAP NEW STOUT AT WINTERFEST
Lupine Brewing Co. announced it will release a stout when the St. Cloud brewery pours Saturday at Winterfest.
Lupine, the winner of January's Lord Dabbler Cup at the Beer Dabbler Winter Carnival, has previously released an IPA, a brown ale, a raspberry oatmeal stout and recently announced it will release an Irish ale in March.
Lupine hit the market in December and recently obtained its license to sell growlers.
DREKKER RELEASES EXTRA STRONG BITTER
Drekker Brewing Co. announced that it has released an ESB called Roll Over Beethoven in its Fargo taproom.
The beer that was crafted for Fargo's January BeethovenFest features Glacier hops.
Drekker's year-round beers include an Irish red ale called Broken Rudder, an IPA called Igor's Horn, a pale ale called Glacier Leavins, a porter called Pillager and an American IPA called Burn the Boats.
LUPULIN OFFERS OPEN HOUSE
Lupulin Brewing announced that it will host an open house from 2-5 p.m. on Saturday for its Big Lake brewery that's scheduled to open in March.
The brewery run by Jeff Zierdt and Matt Schiller broke ground on its site in October.
The brewery has previously offered samples of its Belgian blonde, Belgian quad and West Coast IPA.
HAYES TO TAP INFUSED ENGLISH PORTER
Hayes Public House announced it will tap a cask of a raspberry and cocoa nibs infused English porter on Saturday in its Buffalo taproom.
Hayes releases a specialty cask weekly on Saturdays.
Last week the brewery tapped a smoked Scottish Schilling.
SURLY TO RELEASE DOOMTREE CANS
Surly Brewing Co. announced that its malty IPA-like beer called Doomtree will be available in cans around the state starting on March 2.
The collaboration is beer is named after the Twin Cities band of the same name. The cans will debut at The Depot on Wednesday for Doomtree's First Ave. pre-party event.
Doomtree, the beer, was first released in 2014.
HARRIET ANNOUNCES SOONER OR LATER DISTRIBUTION
Harriet Brewing announced it released its Belgian-style blonde called Sooner or Later to wholesale distribution.
The beer from the Minneapolis brewery has an IBU rating of 20.
Harriet also recently released a Belgian-style stout called Grande Zombi in its taproom.
Recent #MNBeer News Insiders
•Feb 24: Including Angry Inch Brewing Co., Lift Bridge Brewing Co., Lupine Brewing Co., Winterfest, TC Brewery Tours, GetKnit Events, Dangerous Man Brewing Co., Kinney Creek Brewery and Mankato Brewery.
•Feb. 23: Including Northern Lights Rare Beer Festival, Brau Brothers Brewing Co., Canal Park Brewing Co., Tin Whiskers Brewing Co., Brooks High Beer Battered, Maple Island Brewing and looking back at when Minnesota was down to four breweries in 1976.
•Feb 20: Including Winterfest, Summit Brewing Co., Castle Danger Brewery, Beaver Island Brewing Co., Lupine Brewing Co., Maple Island Brewing, Urban Growler Brewing Co., Bog Wood Brewery, Schram Vineyards Winery & Brewery, Burning Brothers Brewing and looking back at Elvira's Night Brew made in Cold Spring.
•Feb. 17: Including Winterfest, Granite City Food & Brewery, Boom Island Brewing Co., Lift Bridge Brewing Co., Bemidji Brewing Co., Hayes' Public House and Montgomery Brewing Co.
•Feb. 16: Including Town Hall Brewery, August Schell Brewing Co., Jack Pine Brewery, Junkyard Brewing Co., Dangerous Man Brewing Co., Maple Island Brewing and the Science Museum of Minnesota as the site of Minnesota's first brewery.
Read or Share this story: http://www.sctimes.com/story/life/food/2015/02/25/mnbeer-news-insider-feb/24021673/
CHAMPAIGN, Ill. - CHAMPAIGN -- The owner of a restaurant wants to make sure no one goes hungry this Thanksgiving. He's taking action to give away free meals.
Sahil Contractor owns Wing Stop, on Neil Street. They say he's seen a need in the community, so they want to help by giving back.
Their store will be closed Thanksgiving Day, but he, their dad and one other worker will be making as many wings as they can give away.
"I'm going to constantly be cooking fresh food, so if the volume does turn up, which I'm hoping it does, I don't want to cheap out on any part of this at all, so I'm hoping more people come," said Contractor. "I'm willing to give away as much as I can to make sure everyone gets to eat on Thanksgiving."
Contractor says they're calling it their first ever "Wings-giving." They'll have meal boxes with wings, fries, a roll and drinks.
People can stop by between 11 am - 1 pm, but, they say if more people come after that, he'll be happy to keep serving them. They hope to give away hundreds of free meals next week.
The music industry is in a state of upheaval. This is not news. From Taylor Swift's label pulling their entire catalog off of Spotify to indie bands complaining about not making any money on tour, it seems like it's getting harder for musicians to remain committed to their craft.
One Dutch musician isn't having any problems with commitment and dedication.
At a recent show in Birmingham, the bassist for symphonic metal band Delain, Otto Schimmelpenninck, ruptured a testicle mid-concert, and despite nearly bleeding out and losing consciousness, stayed onstage to finish the set.
Schimmelpenninck explained what happened to them in a lengthy post on the band's Facebook page over the weekend:
…As a lot of people are asking about my injuries and lots of friends know what happened already, I figured it would be best to share with you all, before all kinds of versions of this story start to circulate… As some of you know, we use ‘streamer cannons,' which shoot silver streamers into the audience, usually during The Gathering… In my enthusiasm I did not pay attention, and happened to be VERY close when the streamer fired. It hit me from the back, in my genitals. Although pain was pretty bad right away, I was merely pissed off at myself for not paying attention. During the next song, pain got worse though, and I had the feeling I was bleeding. Pretty soon pain got to the point where I could barely stay conscious anymore, but for some reason I did manage to finish the show and even squeeze out some grunts!
Schimmelpenninck went to the hospital after the show, where they say their testicle had swelled to the “size of a big grapefruit,” and they were in tremendous pain. Doctors drained more than 500mL of blood from the bassist's testicle and stitched them up, and they will have an ultrasound in six weeks to determine the extent of the damage.
Still, Schimmelpenninck said on Facebook that they should be ready to go for Delain's upcoming European tour. Now THAT is dedication to the craft.
An interesting content tag has been spotted on the Sound Devices website:
https://www.sounddevices.com/component/tags/tag/tn-mixpre-10t
Took a screenshot just in case it might disappear:
From this info we can fairly easily deduce this is likely:
Uses AA / Sony L-type batteries.
Writes to SD cards.
And works with the Wingman app.
From the name I will guess it does 10 tracks, and has a time code generator built in (unlike the MixPre6 or MixPre3, which need time code to be permanently sent to it, as can't keep TC accurately otherwise. Which is great news the next MixPre will have TC built in, as I was disappointed to realise the MixPre6 will lose tracks 5/6 if you need TC while it is in your bag). Annoyingly when you click on the “MixPre-10T Tech Notes” link you get asked for a username and password:
Wonder how many XLR inputs it would have? I am very extremely doubtful it would have all 10 inputs be XLR inputs (like the Zoom F8 does with all its 8 inputs), likely only a few will be powered XLR inputs just like with the MixPre6, 663, and a number of their other products. Probably at least four will be XLR inputs, as that is what the MixPre6 has (but then again the 633 only has 3x full sized XLR inputs), and the rest will be something else like 1/4″, 3.5mm, or TA3F (I'm highly skeptical if we'll see a digital input such as AES3/AES42 in a high-end recorder series such as the MixPre).
Hmmmm…. I wonder what the price will be? I might have found my upgrade path forward from my Zoom F4! Depending on the exact mix of features/price that the MixPre10T has. Presumable the price will between the Sound Devices 633 at US$3.3K and the MixPre6 at US$900, but that is a massive price gulf! And likely the reason why Sound Devices is bringing out such a product, to fill this niche?!
You will wonder what will the MixPre-10T would be missing so that it doesn't compete too strongly with the 633/688, I imagine output options and Dugan automix would be a couple of many ways they could differentiate their products. When will this Sound Devices MixPre-10T came out? If some details are already being put onto their website (and Google cache tells me it has been up since at least the 5th of September 2017) then you would assume the MixPre-10T is already reasonably far along with its development. However actual release might not be days away, but still months away. So I'd predict/hope the MixPre-10T will be announced by at least next years NAB 2018 in early April.
A little quirk in the URL that I'm wondering about is this, compare:
https://www.sounddevices.com/component/tags/tag/tn-mixpre-10t
https://www.sounddevices.com/component/tags/tag/mixpre-3-tn
https://www.sounddevices.com/component/tags/tag/mixpre-6-tn
Both the MixPre-6 and the MixPre-3 have the letters “tn” at the end, but the MixPre-10T puts it at the start! Why??
Does the Sound Devices MixPre-D give us a clue:
https://www.sounddevices.com/component/tags/tag/tn-mixpre-d
Hmmmm……. same pattern with the “tn” in the front like with the MixPre-10T?Does this mean the MixPre-10T is going back to its roots and is not a recorder but instead just a mixer / USB interface like the MixPre-D is? I don't think so, am probably just going a teeny bit crazy overanalyzing these tiny details and in reality this difference means nothing at all! Ha. Because the name “MixPre-10T” with a “T” at the end very strongly indicates it is a recorder with time code in it, and not just a mixer, as we've seen from the past naming of the Sound Devices 788T / 744T / 702T. But Sound Devices has never ever released a mixer with a “T” at the end of the name. But if you feel there is some deeper meaning as to what these “tn” letters mean, then hit me up in the comments and let us know! Anyway, I'm looking forward to hearing more about the MixPre-10T when it does finally get announced. I'll update my current overview of all the lower end recorders when it happens: http://ironfilm.co.nz/which-sound-recorder-to-buy-a-guide-to-various-indie-priced-sound-recorders-in-2017/
Also worth checking out is my vlog from when I went to the Pro Sound Expo in Auckland recently, which features the Sound Devices MixPre-6:
And finally but not least, here is my favourite recorder in this price segment at the moment, my Zoom F4 getting unboxed:
<iframe width=”560″ height=”315″ src=”https://www.youtube.com/embed/zXSLbg8DrqA” frameborder=”0″ allowfullscreen></iframe>
The disruption caused by the recent Baumgarten incident is a timely reminder that security of gas supply goes beyond dependence on particular suppliers and that infrastructure matters.
On December 12th, an explosion in the Baumgarten gas hub in Austria, a key distribution knot for the European gas market, led to a disruption in gas transmission that affected a large part of Europe. The incident caused Italy to declare a state of emergency and disrupted supply to the UK from Belgium and the Netherlands. Simultaneously, an outage in Norway caused flow reductions from Europe's largest gas production site “Troll”, which compounded the supply problems. Amplified by a demand peak in the UK due to unusually cold weather, prices were directly affected, with short-term prices in the UK reaching a four-year high (up 35%).[1] The incident has affected the gas market and may lead to further repercussions throughout the remainder of the winter, when demand stays high due to household consumption for heating.
The Baumgarten incident reminds us of the consequences of disruptions in the operation of gas infrastructure. Following the European Commission's lead, EU member states have recently put into place a framework to minimise the impact of supply disruption, by means of an update of the so-called Security of Gas Supply Regulation.[2] The Regulation calls for a Union-wide gas supply and infrastructure assessment to be carried out by ENTSOG (European Network of Transmission System Operators for Gas). Nonetheless, in the current political debate on EU energy security, the risks associated with infrastructure have been largely eclipsed by a single theme: EU dependence on Russian gas imports. Warnings that dependence on Russia has been politically (over-)exploited have long been ignored.[3] If the Baumgarten incident shows anything, it is that energy security is not only synonymous with diversification of import sources.
Resilience against disruptions like the one that occurred in Baumgarten requires a degree of redundant infrastructure, including storage, domestic transport and import systems. This was the case for most of the EU. In the UK, the relatively strong price increase was connected to an already weakened local infrastructure situation, with one import pipeline out of operation for maintenance and one storage facility in the course of retiring (both responsible for meeting the equivalent of 10% of winter demand).[4] This demonstrates that infrastructure availability, even if sufficient, aggravates price increases in emergency situations. The price increase also shows that the EU's integrated market is functioning. The price signals emerging from the infrastructure disruption mean that supply is directed where it is most needed. Electricity and coal prices increased slightly, hinting that the electricity market is able to arbitrage among different energy sources. The soaring UK gas price led to a short-term LNG (liquefied natural gas) order, ironically sourced from the Russian Yamal LNG project. The project had been opened a week earlier by Valdimir Putin and is subject to US sanctions due to the conflict in Ukraine.[5]
The market is working but we are likely to see a prolonged period of high gas prices. This provides every reason for ENTSO-G's ongoing EU-wide assessment to place due emphasis on infrastructure. While the EU gas system was able to absorb the Baumgarten disruption, we should ensure a continually appropriate level of infrastructure redundancy for the future. Any assessment of requirements should therefore take into account possible future demand trends (for example, as a result of the phasing out of coal and nuclear, energy efficiency policy and renewables investment), shifts in regional gas demand and the specific situation of landlocked countries without direct access to LNG.
The Baumgarten incident is a timely reminder that security of gas supply goes beyond dependence on particular suppliers and that infrastructure matters. One could even imagine that Nord Stream 2 may have a positive impact on security of supply, as it opens new gas routes to Europe. There may be many reasons why some governments and other stakeholders do not like Nord-Stream 2, for example the impact on Ukraine, doing business with an increasingly assertive Russia or the actual or perceived lack of solidarity in the EU. Following the Baumgarten incident, security of gas supply may well be no longer at the top of that list.
Arndt Hassel is an Associate Researcher at CEPS. Christian Egenhofer is Senior Research Fellow and Head of Energy Climate House at CEPS. They wish to thank Aurélie Faure-Schuyer for helpful comments.
CEPS Commentaries offer concise, policy-oriented insights into topical issues in European affairs.
© CEPS 2017
[1] “Italy declares state of emergency after deadly gas explosion in Austria”, The Guardian, 12 December 2017.
[2] REGULATION (EU) 2017/1938.
[3] See, for example, Nikos Tsafos, “Europe's Never-Ending Natural-Gas Obsession”, 12 June 2014.
[4] R. Verdonck, M. Carr and M. Wabl, “Austrian Explosion Rattles Europe's Gas Market”, 12 December 2017.
[5] “UK turns to Russian project targeted by sanctions for gas supply”, Financial Times, 13 December 2017.
Every day we use expressions that on the face of it are pretty odd: blow hot and cold, the devil to pay, steal someone's thunder… Have you ever wondered where they come from? Many people think they know the origins of words such as OK or paparazzi, but are they right? Today sees the UK publication of the latest edition of The Concise Oxford English Dictionary, and free with the book is a booklet called ‘Can your flamingo do the flamenco?', which gives the low down on the stories behind the phrases. Today I'm posting a handful of my favourites. US readers will be able to buy the dictionary – without the booklet – later in the year.
Papped by the paparazzi
Most celebrities have a love-hate relationship with the paparazzi. Originally, Paparazzo was the name of a society photographer in Federico Fellini's 1960 film La Dolce Vita. By the following year paparazzo was appearing as a general name in English for a press photographer, and it had acquired the plural paparazzi, which is how it most commonly appears nowadays.
Read them the riot act
If you want to give someone a severe warning or reprimand, you may read the riot act to them.
The Riot Act was passed by the British government in 1715, in the wake of the Jacobite rebellion of that year, to prevent civil disorder. The Act made it an offence for a group of twelve or more people to refuse to disperse within an hour of being ordered to do so, and after a magistrate had read a particular section of the Act to them.
The last point created something of a problem, as reading legal language aloud is not the easiest thing to do in the middle of a genuine riot – and defendants might claim later that they had not heard the key words. The Act failed to prevent a number of disturbances over the years, but was not repealed until 1967.
Steal your thunder
If someone steals your thunder they win attention for themselves by pre-empting your attempt to impress.
The source of this expression is surprisingly literal. The English dramatist John Dennis (1657-1734) invented a new method of simulating the sound of thunder as a theatrical sound effect and used it in their unsuccessful play Appius and Virginia. Shortly after their play came to the end of its disappointingly short run they heard the same thunder effects used at a performance of Shakespeare's Macbeth. Dennis was understandably furious. ‘Damn them!', they fumed, ‘they will not let my play run, but they steal my thunder!'
Orl korrect?
The use of OK to reassure someone that all is well has been part of the language since the mid 19th century. It came from the USA, and is probably an abbreviation of orl korrect, a jokey spelling of ‘all correct' that was used as a slogan during the presidential re-election campaign of Martin Van Buren in 1840. It was reinforced by the initials of their nickname Old Kinderhook, derived from their birthplace.
The ‘Can your Flamingo do the Flamenco?' booklet is free with Concise Oxford English Dictionary in selected markets only. These markets are UK, Australia, and South Africa.
Recently, there has been a steady and worrisome trend of stories in Western countries restricting free speech in the name of tolerance of religion, sexual orientation and other values. Now, United Nations General Assembly President Miguel d'Escoto Brockmann has called for a world ban on anyone defaming any religion. A suspended Nicaraguan priest, D'Escoto is little concerned about the devastating blow to free speech and free press in such a rule — dangers already realized in various countries where speaking against a religion has resulted in criminal penalties and even death. In making this outrageous call, D'Escoto has given critics of international legal systems a great boost — showing the dangers of such rules in restricting cherished constitutional rights.
D'Escoto once worked for those freedom loving folks The Sandinistas and was suspended by the Catholic Church. They caused a ruckus in literally embracing that voice of tolerance: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. Perfect guy to forge a new world order with less disturbing speech and more state-enforced consensus.
In their frightening remarks, D'Escoto sought what would be an international blasphemy law. They told the members, “Yes, I believe that defamation of religion should be banned.” Showing little concern or knowledge of free speech principles, D'Escoto simply reached for soundbites that likely pleased representatives from Iran, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and other blasphemy-punishing nations, click here and here and here and here.
They noted: “People talk about bailing out the Wall Street when, in fact, humanity needs to be bailed out.” When reporters points out that they would gut free speech principles, D'Escoto responded “What we are only trying to do is to forge a front against ignorance, hunger and disease.”
This was a response to a Saudi Arabian proposal, which D'Escoto endorsed in principle. For the press conference record, click here.
I get it now. Iran and Sudan is a bastion against ignorance, hunger and disease by imprisoning or executing blasphemers.
The problem with this trend is the complete silence of Western powers and the United States. Indeed, the West has begun to punish those who speak on taboo subjects or in a way that is offensive to the majority. Click here.
Share this: Twitter
Reddit
Facebook
In response to ‘Jewish' terrorism Israeli authorities are taking some of the worst tools used against Palestinians and applying them to everyone. Thus Israel-Palestine went from a place where half the population is denied basic rights to a place where anybody — Jew and Arab alike — can lose them at any time.
The problem with anti-terror laws is that they are always legislated in the wake of unimaginably horrifying terror attacks. In one such attack last week, extremist Jewish settlers attempted to burn an entire Palestinian family alive in their sleep, and succeeded in murdering a small baby.
On Sunday, Israel's cabinet announced that it was authorizing law enforcement and intelligence agencies to almost completely disregard the civil rights of citizens suspected of crimes that constitute terrorism. According to one report, the government is even considering authorizing the use of torture to prevent further attacks.
The policy changes announced on Sunday, subjecting Jews to counter-terrorism measures usually reserved for Palestinians, doesn't actually require any new legislation.
Jewish and non-Jewish Israeli citizens can already be — and are — denied access to legal counsel, held incommunicado and be accused with secret evidence when the authorities decide it is expedient. First legislated 70 years ago, administrative detention — including against Israeli citizens — was cemented into Israel's law books in 1979. And Israel's Supreme Court green-lighted “moderate physical pressure” (read: torture) over 15 years ago.
In other words, the laws and regulations authorizing the government to selectively disregard the civil rights, due process and human dignity of the people under its control are already on the books. And the government is already comfortable doing so.
So what's the big deal, you ask? What changed? Why are we talking about this as if it's some major shift in policy?
Indeed, every government in the history of the State of Israel has used “emergency regulations” against the non-Jews living in its various jurisdictions — specifically, against Palestinian populations. Emergency regulations are sets of laws that, during legally prescribed situations of unrest, allow for basic rights to be disregarded in the name of public order and safety. Israel has been under a self-declared state of emergency and its emergency regulations have been in force since May 15, 1948.
From 1948 until 1966, Israel used emergency regulations to rule its own citizens of Palestinian descent under a military regime. Non-Jewish citizens of Israel were denied freedom of movement, occupation, and political expression and the authorities regularly used administrative detention against them.
Less than a year after the military regime inside Israel ended, the Israeli army began ruling the Palestinian populations of the West Bank and Gaza Strip. (The legal situation of the occupied populations of East Jerusalem, the Golan Heights and, the Sinai Peninsula before it was returned, is slightly different.)
For those populations, Israeli authorities feel no obligation to uphold, protect or guarantee civil liberties. For Palestinians in the West Bank, there is no right of political expression, freedom of movement, legal representation and only limited due process. Some of those things might exist for some Palestinians some of the time, but they can be taken away at will. And anything that can be revoked on a whim is not a right.
***
In the aftermath of the abhorrent murder of a Palestinian baby last week, public figures, journalists and regular people have been calling on the government to treat Jewish terrorism suspects the same way it treats Palestinian terror suspects.
Use administrative detention, demolish their families' homes, do whatever you need to do to get confessions out of them, the logic goes. Terrorism is terrorism, and any tools that are appropriate for Palestinian terrorism are good enough for Jewish terrorism. (There is a limit to these calls, of course. Read Noam Sheizaf for more on that.)
And it's actually a compelling argument if you never regarded the denial of basic civil rights to Palestinians as problematic in the first place.
If you aren't outraged that Palestinians are denied access to lawyers, if you're not shocked that Palestinian suspects are often denied the opportunity to know what they are accused of and to defend themselves, if it doesn't infuriate you that hundreds of Palestinians are held in prison for months and years under administrative detention, if you're not incensed by the use of torture against Palestinians even when it seems most justified — then why should you be outraged when the same is done to Jews?
After all, if you support the denial of rights to one group of people solely because of their nationality or ethnicity that would imply racism. That would suggest apartheid. That's not a light unto the nations, at least not unto the nations with which we want to be associated.
And so in the name of ethnic and racial and religious equality, Israel-Palestine goes from a place where half of the people are denied basic rights and dignities, toward a place where anybody — Jew and Arab alike — can lose them at any time.
OTTAWA — Happy-looking families, soccer-playing children and friendly neighbours are a staple of prime-time television these days as the Conservative government churns out post-budget advertising spots with the use of millions of dollars in taxpayers' money. Prime Minister Stephen Harper says it's needed to make the public aware of Ottawa's programs. But the government ad blitzes, which have cost an estimated $750 million since Harper took power, are fuelling an increasingly fierce pushback from those who see the messaging as too pro-Conservative.
The Conservative government's Economic Action Plan ad campaign in 2009-10 cost $52.3 million. ( Lucas Oleniuk / Toronto Star file photo )
The Canadian Taxpayers Federation (CTF) says the ads are torqued for partisan gain, are a waste of precious financial resources and an affront to democratic fairness. “It seems to me that everyone agrees the amount that's being spent now is too much,” CTF federal director Aaron Wudrick said. They note there are legitimate reasons — such as health alerts — for federal ad spots. “But there have been obvious examples where there doesn't seem to be any plausible reason, like advertising a program that doesn't exist,” Wudrick said. The Conservatives have often been criticized for the 2013 Canada Job Grant ads, which ran long before the program was put in place.
Article Continued Below
Democracy Watch, the Ottawa-based citizens' reform group, has launched a letter-writing campaign calling on federal auditor general Michael Ferguson to investigate what it calls “dishonest, wasteful ads.” And the group is demanding the Conservatives curb their use of taxpayers' money for such promotions. Federal opposition parties have also stepped up their complaints about the television, radio, billboard and online ads in the wake of the Harper government's pre-election budget. Criticizing the measures in the April 21 budget, which the NDP says will favour the rich, the party's finance critic Nathan Cullen told MPs, “Canadians will be paying for the Conservative handouts to the wealthy for generations to come. Adding insult to injury, the Conservatives will actually spend $13.5 million of our money for ads on their bad ideas.”
Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau recently said, “Canadians watching the hockey playoffs are being bombarded with millions of dollars of wasteful, partisan government ads for which they are paying. As we have seen time and time again, the Conservative government has the wrong priorities.” They said the money should be going to programs to help young business people or create student summer jobs. Harper has dismissed the complaints. “The reality, of course, is that the things we are doing for Canadians, such as the tax benefits that go to seniors and to families, are very good for all Canadians. We want to be sure that all Canadians benefit.”
Among critics, there is a growing consensus in favour of third-party scrutiny of federal government promotional spots along the lines of the current system in Ontario. In 2004, former premier Dalton McGuinty brought in legislation empowering the provincial auditor to screen all ads to ensure they do not cross the line between public information and partisan messaging on behalf of the governing party. Costs of ad blitzes
Article Continued Below
$52.3 Million Harpers government, having avoided a non-confidence vote in the Commons in late 2008, produced a budget in early 2009 with billions of dollars in spending to try to help Canada weather the global recession. The budget, labelled the Economic Action Plan, was promoted heavily in 2009-10. $2.5 Million In 2013, the Harper government rolled out an extensive campaign, including television spots during the hockey playoffs, to promote the Canada Job Grant, a program for employment training announced in that year's federal budget. But the government was advertising a program that didn't exist and would require co-operation with provincial governments over many months before being implemented. Canada's advertising watchdog said the ads were misleading and a breach of the Canadian Code of Advertising Standards. $24 Million Partly to drum up American support for the controversial Keystone XL pipeline intended to carry crude oil from Alberta to the United States, the federal government bombarded residents of Washington, D.C. with ads stressing Canada's close relations with the U.S. It was part of a global ad campaign designed to boost Canadian petroleum exports by promoting Canada as a reliable, secure source of energy. $13.5 Million The federal Conservatives plan to spend $13.5 million to promote their pre-election budget delivered on April 21. The budget includes tax credits and handouts to families considered a crucial part of the Conservatives' strategy in the fall election campaign.
Xbox has always been inferior to PlayStations. It always had fewer specifications than that of PlayStations. But now things have changed after Microsoft released its new generation of Xbox, initially named Project Scorpio, The XBOX ONE X!
Six freaking teraflops of GPU power. The current “King” the PS4 Pro has 4.12 teraflops of GPU power. Though that doesn't exactly convert directly to the game-play, it makes a huge difference in the overall gaming experience.
So, how good is the new Xbox One X exactly?
Xbox One X is rocking an 8-core CPU that is clocked at 2.3 GHz and an AMD GPU with 12 Gigabytes of GDDR5 RAM, with 326GB/s memory bandwidth compared to 218GB/s on the PS4 Pro. This might seem like a low speced machine for a PC gamer, but you must deal with it because this where we stand for console gaming.
Microsoft announced that the new Xbox One X will be able to handle several games at 4K. Now this is where things get interesting. Until now, those consoles which delivered 4K gaming experience, weren't real 4K gaming. Those were the upscaled version of 1080p gaming. Meaning, the game runs at 1080p resolution but the graphics processor quadruples the pixels and delivers it to the screen in 2160p resolution.
But now the Xbox One X changes all of this and delivers full 4K immersive gaming experience. Though, Microsoft announced only a few games that that would run at full 4K, we will soon be getting patches for the games and they too will run at 4K. It is a console after all so we cannot be expecting all the games to run at 4K in 60 fps, unless you severely dial back the settings to its lowest. Doesn't matter if you cannot play the game in 4K. The more powerful GPU will give you a better gaming experience whatsoever.
All the nerdy spec charts aside, what additional real world features will I get if I upgrade to the Xbox One X?
All of this coming from Microsoft directly, they claim that you will get smoother gameplay. A faster CPU will allow you to play your games without any hiccups. More memory enables the game to load bigger worlds and further horizons. The faster memory bandwidth allows faster load times in games.
And again, a six teraflop GPU enables 4K environments and characters to become more realistic than ever, with more detail and smoother animations. Will Microsoft be able to deliver all of this? Probably, yes. But we will have to find that out, after Microsoft releases it worldwide on November 7. As far as the pricing goes, it comes with a sticker of $500 compared to that of the Xbox One which has a price tag of $250. You are definitely paying premium for all the extra features you get.
Xbox One X in Nepal
Though the console gaming community is small in Nepal, the release of the new Xbox One X has been exiting for those who actually care. Despite the release date of November 7, the Xbox One X will likely arrive in Nepal in Late December looking at the trend. Also, due to the addition of VAT, the Xbox will be costing around NRS 65000.
There's a meme going around social media showing an empty room with the caption identifying that location as the place where Obama keeps all the guns he's taken away. The immediate point is that supporters of gun rights are paranoid for having concerns about gun control measures, but the implications are telling about the attitudes behind the image.
To analyze the assertion being made, we have to see what the president has done and attempted, as well as what was possible or politically practical during their time in office. The Democratic Party held both the Senate and the House for Obama's first two years, but since 2010, Republicans have controlled at least the House. In that context, the chance of getting big gun control measures passed was slim, even if healthcare reform hadn't occupied so much attention during the 2009 – 2011 term.
So what has Obama done or tried? Recall the laundry list of proposals offered in 2013 in response to the Newtown shooting. The calls for Congressional action were dead on arrival, while their executive actions were mostly minor. They have acknowledged several times, including in an interview with the BBC on 24 July 2015, that the failure to achieve gun control is a big frustration for him.
Does this support the meme's assertion? No, unless we're concerned only with pragmatic terms. The results certainly matter, but we also have to consider the intentions behind action. On that subject, we have the record of Obama's statements on gun control from their time in the Illinois Senate onward. These include the usual calls for bans on “assault weapons,” licensing of gun owners, registration of guns, and other limits on the right they claim to believe is an individual one. I am pleased that the president is frustrated in their desires here, but I don't give them a pass on that basis.
There is, however, a broader assumption in the meme—namely that the sum total of gun rights is ownership of guns—or more pointedly, one disassembled gun stored separate from its ammunition. As long as we may have that, our rights are intact, correct?
Perhaps we're supposed to be grateful for the generosity offered here. But rather than an empty room supposedly the storage space for guns that haven't been taken away, I have a different picture, an analogy for our current situation.
Imagine for a moment that I steal a piece of your car every day for a week. Will you believe me on Saturday when I tell you that I don't want to steal your car? After all, I've left you two wheels and the plugs where a radio could be replaced.
We gun owners have seen one effort after another to chip away at gun rights for decades—even longer, if we study the efforts at preventing freed slaves from owning guns in the south after the Civil War. Apparently, we're supposed to accept gun rights being shrunk more and more, no matter how many times gun control fails and ignore real solutions that would achieve the stated goal of reducing deaths. We're asked to believe that “no one is coming for your guns.” That line is repeated each time a new demand is proposed to give up yet another measure of the right.
Only one answer to this makes sense. We won't accept the framing of the debate that claims our rights are safe no matter how much is lost. The meme and the philosophy behind it must be called out for what it is, a rejection of the concept of rights.
The views and opinions expressed in this post are those of the author's and do not necessarily reflect the position of Guns.com.
Google's battle against poor passwords is continuing. The company is now testing a new Google Account option that lets users login using their phone, skipping the part where you have to enter your password. The feature uses your phone to authenticate your identity by bringing up a notification that allows you to grant or deny access to your account.
The discovery was made by Reddit user rp1226 (Rohit Paul), who was invited to test the new functionality on their personal Google account. We reached out to Google asking for confirmation and details about this apparent trial.
“We've invited a small group of users to help test a new way to sign in to their Google accounts, no password required,” a Google spokesperson told VentureBeat. “‘Pizza', ‘password', and ‘123456' — your days are numbered.”
According to Paul, here is how the process works:
You authorize your phone to allow you to log into your account.
You go into a computer and type in your email. Then you get a message on your phone to allow the login. If you hit yes, the computer logs into your Google account without a password.
The examples in Google's statement are of course common passwords and answers to secret questions. Like any tech company or tech-savvy user will tell you, frequently used words and combinations are a massive frustration from a security perspective.
It's important to note that this test works on both Android and iOS, according to Google. Furthermore, you can still log in with your regular typed password — the option is still there in case you need it.
According to Google, one major advantage to this new way of signing in is the protection against phishing (the attempt to acquire sensitive information such as usernames, passwords, and credit card information by masquerading as a trustworthy entity). Because the phone becomes the password, so to speak, users can't exactly hand their device over via a text message, email, or err … over the phone. Keyloggers are also rendered useless.
This isn't the only method Google is trying to fight phishing. Earlier this year, the company launched a Chrome extension called Password Alert, which warns you if you land on a website that's imitating accounts.google.com to steal your login credentials.
The full body of the email sent out to users testing the feature is as follows, again courtesy of Paul:
Hope you like!!!
Pink Cloud: Pegboard Nerds
Link Song:
After the first drawing of the season, here they have a FanArt of Pegboard Nerds.The boys and Monstercat agreed, to support in the campaign against breast cancer.Many women a year die from the cancer itself, also in utero.And they decided to make a separate but related campaign the same as donating a lot of money and put up with this.Apart from this, the Pegboard Nerds decided to make a song against in breast cancer, which has much to say.In order to keep up with this, I decided to make a drawing of the characters with pink ribbon as I can not donate money, as it is in dollars, I'd rather do what I do, draw for many to see that if it is important to fight for all women, for our friends, sisters, grandmothers, aunts, especially our mothers. And that is very important to me ...Hope you like!
As new, high-end virtual reality headsets from the likes of Oculus, Valve/HTC, and Sony prepare to hit the market in the coming months, potential buyers may rightly wonder which VR solution is most likely to get a critical mass of support from the game development community. A new survey released ahead of March's Game Developers Conference suggests that, so far, the Oculus Rift is drawing outsized interest from those developers.
GDC's 2016 State of the Industry Report surveyed 2,000 professional developers who attended the popular annual trade show during the past three years, asking about their current work and interest in various virtual reality and augmented reality technologies (among other things). The Oculus Rift was by far the most popular VR headset among the surveyed developers, with 19 percent of respondents saying they were currently working on a game for the device. A number of Rift competitors were well behind in a statistical dead heat for second place among active VR developers: Samsung's GearVR at 8 percent of respondents, Google Cardboard at 7 percent, and HTC Vive and PlayStation VR at 6 percent each.
The Rift's lead extends to respondents' thoughts about the platform for their next VR game project; 20 percent say it will be on the Rift, compared to 9 percent for PlayStation VR and 8 percent for the HTC Vive.
Before Oculus backers get too excited, it's worth pointing out that the Rift was still beaten out in the survey by the 25 percent of respondents who said they "are not currently interested in developing for VR/AR headsets." A further 44 percent said they weren't currently working on VR or AR games at the moment but were at least open to the idea of working on VR games.
The Rift's lead in active VR game development might also merely be an outgrowth of developers' generally larger familiarity with Oculus' headset. A full 77 percent of developers in the survey said they had tried the Oculus Rift, compared to just 46 percent for Google Cardboard, 31 percent for GearVR, 21 percent for PlayStation VR, and 19 percent for the HTC Vive. As developers become more aware of the Rift's competition, those platforms may begin to see more developers actively working on them.
Overall, the survey shows increasing numbers of game developers think consumer-grade virtual reality is more than a quickly passing fad this time around. A full 75 percent of respondents said that VR/AR "is a long-term sustainable business to be in," and 86 percent said such headsets will be in at least 10 percent of US households by 2030. That doesn't mean those developers see VR taking over the entire gaming world, though: only 27 percent of respondents said they thought virtual reality headsets would ever surpass the roughly 40 percent of US households that currently have a traditional video game console.
LAKE FOREST, Ill. – With five games left on the schedule, the Chicago Bears probably need to run the table to have a realistic shot at reaching the playoffs.
Here are five keys to the final five games:
Jay Cutler has improved dramatically under Adam Gase and Dowell Loggains. AP Photo/Denis Poroy
1. Efficient Cutler: Jay Cutler is arguably the best story of the season. Under the tutelage of Adam Gase and Dowell Loggains, Cutler has a passer-rating of 100.8 in their last four games. On the year, Cutler's quarterback rating is 92.5 (currently a single-season career-high). He's also thrown six interceptions in 344 pass attempts for a career-low 1.8 interception percentage (previous low is 2.2 percent in 2011). Can they maintain this current pace?
2. Run-stoppers: The Bears enter Sunday ranked 29th in rushing defense (128.5). As Pernell McPhee noted on Monday -- that needs to change. “We're not doing good in the run game right now, so hopefully we can tighten up the screws because San Francisco is probably going to come in here and try to run the ball down our throats.” McPhee said.
3. 1-2 punch: Matt Forte and Jeremy Langford combined for 27 rushing attempts in the win over Green Bay. That number should only increase as Forte's knee discomfort subsides. Forte and Langford (five touchdowns in four games) gives the team a huge edge as the weather turns colder in December. It's kind of a surprise the Bears rushing attack is ranked only 16th overall (110.7). Chicago could be a top-10 in that category before the year is over.
4. Special teams? There's been nothing “special” about the third phase – Robbie Gould (24-of-27 in field goals) is about the lone exception. The Bears desperately need a special teams touchdown. How about a long return? Or a blocked punt? Or maybe forced fumble that a Bears player scoops up and returns for a score? Anything, please. The lack of impact plays from special teams is a major source of frustration.
5. Decent health: The Bears have endured a brutal season in terms of team-health. Cutler, Forte, Martellus Bennett, Alshon Jeffery, Eddie Royal, Antrel Rolle, etc., have all missed games due to injuries. The Bears cannot afford any further freak practice injuries. Injuries are part of the game, but Chicago has been particularly unlucky in that department. Maybe the worst is behind them.
Not only is Trump completing the system of German idealism that Kant couldn't, but Trump has finally made it appropriate for nice white people to worry about the World's Most Important Graph.
You see, as long as you can Blame Trump for Africa's burgeoning billions, it's not racist to think white people ought to do more to keep Africans from having so many babies.
From the Toronto Globe and Mail:
Trump's aid cuts risk pushing African women ‘into the Dark Ages,' spelling trouble for rising world population Africa's staggering growth is fuelling a global migration crisis and keeping millions in poverty and constant pregnancy. But Washington is cutting support for family planning programs, while Ottawa is ramping it up. In Benin, Geoffrey York takes a look at the African women whose futures are at stake
Here's the Toronto broadsheet's version of my graph
Facebook has a gun problem.
In January the social media giant announced it was banning the sale of guns and ammunition on the site. The move was the culmination of months of behind-the-scenes lobbying from gun violence prevention advocates coupled with internal recognition at Facebook that the site is becoming a major e-commerce marketplace. But the ban isn't working. Sales continue to flood gun enthusiast groups around the country. While some have left the site altogether and set up shop elsewhere, many have taken their sales underground via Facebook's "secret" group settings, which make it impossible for non-members to access the pages.
So why are sales still happening?
1. Facebook relies entirely on user reports for enforcement of its policy
Facebook doesn't actively seek out prohibited content on the site, partly because of the sheer volume of posts -- millions of pieces of new content each day -- and partly because the company doesn't want to be seen as 'Big Brother,' fearing that will cause users to leave the site. "We do not have an algorithm or people that proactively monitor accounts for violating content," a Facebook spokesperson told FORBES. With roughly 1.6 billion users, this approach has the potential to work well from a cost perspective. But it's inefficient at best and, at worst, largely ineffective when groups go from "private" to "secret," making it impossible for anyone not already part of the group to see what goes on. Another tool at its disposal that Facebook has chosen not to apply to gun sales is image recognition. Despite employing some of the leading experts in the field already, such as Yann LeCun, Facebook told FORBES it has no plans to use image recognition to detect suspected gun sales.
While image recognition alone likely wouldn't be enough to eliminate all gun sales on the site (you'd still need humans to review flagged posts), a Canadian hacker demonstrated recently how effective it could be as a starting point.
2. Secret groups make it impossible for outsiders to flag suspected sales
It's up to users to police Facebook for suspected gun sales, but with gun enthusiast groups increasingly moving underground it's unclear if that approach can be effective. In the past, private party gun sales happened in the open on Facebook, which didn't have restrictions on firearms or ammunition. Today, the majority of sales take place in private groups that are increasingly moving to "secret." Secret groups, like the one led by Facebook engineering director Chuck Rossi, don't appear in search results on the site; members must manually add new users. Facebook has the ability to see what happens inside all groups, but company officials said as a matter of policy they do not search for groups or review content without first being alerted of prohibited activity.
3. Facebook doesn't have an option for reporting gun sales
You'd think that with all of the outside attention Facebook's new policy has garnered -- last month members of the advocacy group Moms Demand Action for Gun Sense in America hand-delivered thank-you letters to Facebook's Menlo Park, Calif. headquarters -- there would be an easy way to report suspected gun sales. There isn't. Instead, users are left to flag advertisements as "harassment" or as a "credible threat of violence," distinctions that aren't always clear, advocates say, and make it more difficult for members of Facebook's content policy team to distinguish banned content.
4. Gun owners have come up with ways to advertise guns in clandestine ways
The methods are as obvious as they are laughable. But in many cases they appear to be just enough to avoid detection long enough to find a potential buyer and take the conversation private. Techniques including posting a photo of a gun next to another, benign object, such as a $1,000 can of soda or $100 used bottle of ketchup. Another common trick is to simply change the name of your group, going from "Guns & Ammo," for example, to "Buns & Cammo." And perhaps most popular of all is posting a photo of a gun "up for discussion" at a certain time of day. Take this photo, for example. It's understood among members of the group that "discussion" actually means "for sale," and that "8:50pm" actually means the gun is "$850."
It's become a game of Whack-a-Mole, where groups are flagged for removal, shut down and, in many cases reinstated after being brought to the attention of ...
5. Chuck Rossi
Chuck Rossi has been at Facebook for the past eight years, and is now a director of engineering. He's also the company's self-proclaimed 'gun guy,' a certified range instructor, competitive marksman and member of Silicon Valley's Sunnyvale Rod & Gun Club. But it's Rossi's more recent, unofficial role as advocate for banned gun enthusiast groups that's making trouble for Facebook by undermining, perhaps unwittingly, the company's new policy.
Rossi is the established leader of the Admin Contact group on Facebook, a secret collection of gun enthusiast page owners from around the country. Thanks to Rossi, whose stated purpose is to bring groups into compliance with the company's new rules, many of these groups have been reinstated. But sales in some of the reinstated groups have continued, while many have taken the opportunity of a second lease on the site to change settings from "private" to "secret." The distinction is critical considering Facebook's enforcement of its ban is entirely dependent on users' ability to report suspected violations. Facebook declined to comment after FORBES identified Rossi's role in facilitating the reinstatement of banned gun groups. Some gun violence prevention advocates have taken to Twitter and Facebook to call for Rossi to be fired; gun enthusiasts, meanwhile, have called them a "Facebook Patriot."
Rossi has openly criticized Facebook's ban on gun sales for being "too vague," including gun parts in addition to guns and ammunition (Facebook's written policy makes no mention of gun parts, however) and ensnaring gun groups that were focused on discussions rather than transactions. When asked if they were still working on making formal changes to the policy, Rossi told FORBES, “I'll leave that to the policy people. I'm just trying to do my work.”
Temple University has identified the student who died after they fell from a building and landed on a pedestrian Thursday night.In a letter to the campus community, the university identified the victim as 18-year-old Rebecca Kim, a first-year student in the College of Science and Technology enrolled in the pre-pharmacy program.It happened at 6:00 p.m. Thursday at 1530 Chestnut Street.Police say Kim was visiting two male Art Institutes of Philadelphia students who lived on the eighth floor.According to investigators, Kim climbed out onto the ledge from a window to take photographs.One of the Art Institute students asked them not to be on the ledge, police say, and told them to come back inside the apartment.That's when they fell.When Kim fell, they struck 44-year-old Erica Goodwin of Lansdowne, who was walking below.Kim was taken to Jefferson Hospital in critical condition. They later succumbed to their injuries.Goodwin was taken to Hahnemann University Hospital with multiple spine and rib fractures.  They are in critical condition and sedated, but able to talk.Goodwin's mother, Joyce, spoke to Action News on Friday, saying "It's unbelievable What are the chances that anyone would walk down the street and have someone fall on them?"Erica Goodwin was on their way to a mentorship program for young girls when they were hit.Meanwhile, authorities do not believe foul play was involved in Kim's death.Temple University released a statement offering condolences and saying that grief counselors would be on hand for students on Friday.Kim graduated from Wissahickon High School in 2014. The school district said Kim was "an outstanding student and will be sorely missed."
People walk around Fremont Street in Downtown Las Vegas, Nev. on August 16, 2017. (Mikayla Whitmore for USN&WR)
LAS VEGAS -- The marijuana is legal and the birth control will be free of co-pays as of Jan. 1. The population is about half minority, and businesses and unions are both helping immigrants become citizens. It's getting an NFL team and an interstate highway connecting Las Vegas to Phoenix. And while much of the nation is embroiled in bitterly partisan politics, the Republican governor and the Democratic legislature are getting along pretty well as they manage a fast-growing and increasingly diverse electorate.
This is the new Nevada, a largely desert state that is becoming an oasis for progressives and immigrants even as it retains a fierce independent streak prized by conservatives. Growing speedily and changing by the month, Nevada's populace is the future face of America. And as the population is making Nevada an increasingly blue and ethnically pluralistic state, the power centers in the public and private sectors are responding in kind, particularly when it comes to matters of diversity. Instead of thwarting the migration and immigration that are transforming the state, lawmakers, business owners and union leaders are embracing it.
"Nevada has it right. We do have it right," says William McCurdy, who, as chairperson of the state Democratic Party and a member of the new majority in the Assembly, is reaping the political rewards of Nevada's changing demographics. "We are the future of the nation in 20, 40, 50 years," adds the 28-year-old chairperson, the first African-American to hold the job in Nevada.
The state is still recovering from a particularly brutal treatment by the Great Recession, when the housing market crash made the state the hardest hit with foreclosures. Unemployment reached 13.7 percent in September 2010. Foreclosures around Las Vegas are still higher than in most U.S. cities, although the rate has dropped dramatically from last year. Unemployment was 4.8 percent in July, higher than the 4.3 percent national rate, but a marked improvement from seven years ago. And locals complain that schools are well underfunded . But despite its growing pains, Nevada is emerging as the future state of America.
Driven largely by growth in Las Vegas and its home of Clark County, which represents nearly three-fourths of the state population , Nevada indeed is a leader in American demographic trends. Not quite half of the state is white (without also identifying as Latino), and 29 percent are Hispanic. African-Americans are 10 percent, and Asian-Americans – who are the fastest-growing population in Nevada – comprise 9 percent of the people.
The state last year elected the U.S. Senate's first Latina, Democrat Catherine Cortez Masto. One of the state's members of congress, Ruben J. Kihuen, was born in Mexico, came to the States at age 8 as an undocumented immigrant , and became a citizen before becoming the first Hispanic Nevada has sent to Congress. The state's legislature is one of the most diverse in the nation, and is second only to Vermont in female representation .
Credit Las Vegas and surrounding Clark County for the literal and figurative changes in the face of the state, says Robert E. Lang, executive director of Brookings Mountain West and a leading expert on urban growth. The county leads the nation in the percentage of the population that was born outside the county. And it's not just foreign-born residents or East Coasters on a 21st century homesteading mission: Many come from California, bringing a Golden State mentality and politics to the once-conservative Silver State, they say.
Clark County, Lang says, "is more California than Nevada," with 30 percent of the 2016 electorate coming from the western neighbors, and just 10 percent born in Clark County. "Clark County today is probably where the country is in 2060," Lang says. And the politics and policies in the state increasingly reflect it, providing a window to what political parties and governors of other states will face in future decades.
"It's definitely moving toward the Western block [of liberal coastal states] as it gets bigger and more diverse, says UNLV political scientist David Damore.
Nevada in 2016 held onto a competitive Senate seat, picked up two U.S. House seats, and flipped both chambers of the state legislature to Democratic control, in large part because of changing demographics that has made Nevada what Lang calls "the new blue wall."
And state policies are reflecting both the progressive surge and the increasing minority population. Nevada ratified the Equal Rights Amendment in March. Last year, it passed groundbreaking rules allowing transgender people born in Nevada to change their designated sex on their birth certificates , and this year, Nevada banned so-called " conversion therapy " meant to "turn" gay people straight. A law that takes effect next year will require health plans to cover mammograms and contraception with no co-pays.
The state's Republican governor, Brian Sandoval, expanded Medicaid, a rebuke to the national GOP effort to limit the reach of the Affordable Care Act but essential, advocates say, to making sure Nevada's residents have health care coverage. (Sandoval did veto a Democratic legislature-backed effort to expand Medicaid for all, calling it "a novel idea" but one that would add too much uncertainty to insurance markets. Sandoval also signed the biggest tax increase in the state's history, funding an education reform plan. Their education package not only includes tax credits for business contributing to a scholarship program for private schools, but pays for English as a Second Language (ESL) studies.
And while McCurdy would like to extend Democratic control to the governor's office as well, they describe Sandoval as "a true statesman. They definitely put Nevada above politics." Sandoval has vetoed some of the Democrats more progressive offerings (such as Medicaid for all), but has also signed hundreds of Democratic measures, McCurdy says.
Teachers can get certified to instruct students even if they are not citizens. High school diplomas now carry a special seal for bilingual graduates. Non-citizens can get a " driver authorization card " to operate motor vehicles legally (but without other benefits of a regular driver's license) .
And the attention to Nevada's changing population extends to the private sector as well. While in other regions, immigrant advocates complain that businesses are exploiting undocumented or legal-but-new arrivals to the country, Nevada's gaming industry and the union that staffs it take the opposite approach.
The Culinary Workers Union provides free classes to members applying for U.S. citizenship, with its Citizenship Project helping 16,000 Nevadans become citizens for free since 2001, says union spokesperson Bethany Khan. In 2016, the union helped 2,500 people become citizens in time to vote, they say. The union itself is 56 percent Latino and 55 percent female; many of its members work as housekeepers, casino workers or bartenders on the Last Vegas Strip – which itself is near Chinatown Plaza, which features the city's largest concentration of Asian businesses.
Union membership also provides unique benefits to provide upward movement for its mainly minority workers, Khan says, with a pension, free health care, access to a fund providing $25,000 in down payment assistance for housing, and free training for any other job represented by the union – meaning a housekeeper can become a sommelier.
And hotel and casino management are stepping in, as well. Caesars Entertainment, for example, offers employees reimbursement for the application and preparation costs for naturalization (not all Strip workers are members of the union and so not all can get the full-freight assistance the Culinary Workers provide, Khan says). Station Casinos offers assistance as well. And MGM Resorts International, the largest casino operator on the Las Vegas Strip, announced after the Charlottesville neo-Nazi march and deadly clash with counter-demonstrators that it would match all employee donations to civil rights groups including the NAACP, Anti-Defamation League, Human Rights Campaign, Council on American-Islamic Relations, OCA-Asian Pacific American Advocates, League of United Latin American Citizens and the Southern Poverty Law Center.
"There's just a real corporate mindset to value their employees. Many of them are immigrant families that make their beds and do their lawns," says Clark County Commissioner Chris Giunchigliani. "When Culinary would bring up the citizenship programs, they embraced it. They want to make sure they are not splitting families up."
Khan describes the union-management relationship as "like a marriage. You argue about things, but you understand you have shared interests and goals."
Lang points to Nevada as an inspirational or cautionary tale for politicians elsewhere in the nation who will be dealing with increasingly diverse electorates. Latinos, Asians and African-Americans tend to vote Democratic, boding well for the party. But Sandoval's success and popularity (he's the eighth-most popular governor in the country, despite being a GOP governor in a blue state, according to Morning Consult rankings ) shows that Republicans can make it work as well, says GOP consultant Greg Ferraro.
"Sandoval has made it their sole purpose to stay on healing the Nevada economy, getting people to work and getting more people insured, and not being distracted by all of the Washington travails," the Reno-based Ferraro says. "Nevada has a very rich tradition and history of kind of deciding it's going to figure it out by itself. It's not going to rely on its neighbors and Washington." It's a model much of the country may follow one day.
ISLAMABAD: The disclosure made by retired General Pervez Musharraf in their 2006 autobiography that Dr Abdul Qadeer Khan transferred sensitive nucl­ear material to North Korea had come as a big embarrassment to the country, an official of the Foreign Office said on Friday at a meeting of the Senate's Foreign Relations Committee.
The disclosure had forced the Foreign Office on the defensive and left it with no choice but to regurgitate the standard response that Pakistan was firmly against nuclear proliferation, the additional secretary said.
Foreign diplomats viewed the statement with scepticism and disbelief, they added.
The Foreign Office reply came in response to a question by Senator Farhatullah Babar as to what was North Korea's official reaction to Pervez Musharraf's revelation in their memoir, In the Line of Fire, that a clandestine proliferation network operating from Pakistan had transferred nearly two dozen centrifuge machines, a flow meter and some special oils to North Korea.
“Had such an irresponsible disclosure been made by a civilian minister or a bureaucrat, they would have been sent to the gallows, but Musharraf got away with it because they were a general,” Senator Farhatullah observed.
The official reaction to Pervez Musharraf's disclosures would help this committee better understand “the nature and depth” of Pakistan-North Korea relations, they added.
The committee was also briefed on Islamabad's relations with Tokyo and the government's position on territorial disputes in the Strait of Malacca.
The meeting, chaired by Senator Nuzhat Sadiq, was attended by Senators Mushahid Hussain Sayed, Maulana Fazlur Rehman, Shibli Faraz, Dr Karim Khawaja, Tahir Hussain Mashhadi and Farhatullah Babar.
Published in Dawn, August 12th, 2017
Here's some unhelpful back-to-school advice: Don't buy a laptop. Borrow one, steal one from a family member, buy a piece of junk for 40 bucks on Craigslist. If you can find a way to wait a couple of months before dropping serious coin on a new clamshell, you'll be glad you did.
Later this fall, Apple's almost certainly going to release a new MacBook Pro, which is desperately in need of a revamp. And there will be Windows PCs practically falling from the ceiling—maybe even a few made by Microsoft itself. But the real reason to hold off on your purchase is to wait for the new breed of Chromebooks that are on their way.
Right now, there are lots of good Chromebooks—stupidly cheap ones, ridiculously expensive ones, wonderfully in-between ones—but they're pretty much all straightforward laptops. Later this year, though, right around the time you figure out your professors' grading schemes, the Google Play Store is coming to Chrome OS. That means millions of Android apps on your Chromebook, which is going to change Chromebooks completely. Touchscreens will be more important; new sensors and processors will probably be integrated. You know those detachable, hybrid laptop-tablet things? They're going to make a lot of sense.
So again: if you can wait, wait. If you absolutely need something right now, there's still good news. As long as you buy a recent Chromebook, it'll support the Android app integration when it launches. You just won't get the full app-y experience if you're using an HP Chromebook 13, for instance—it's a great laptop but not really designed for anything else. You can get a more versatile device from Asus, however, and the Chromebook Pixel at least has a touchscreen.
Regardless of your timeframe, you should seriously consider buying a Chromebook for this school year. ChromeOS is secure and simple, and it's set up so that if you do lose or break your device—it happens—you can get a new one and have all your settings and data restored in a few minutes. Chromebooks tend to have great battery life, since they don't require much power. They're usually pretty portable, too. Unless you're using some super-specialized software, a Chromebook is plenty of computers for reading Wikipedia and writing your papers.
Part of what's great about ChromeOS is how little setup it requires. You just log in. There are some places you can tweak and fiddle, and the Chrome Web Store is full of extensions and apps that will make your life easier—as long as you know where to look.
First, the apps. Go get Plex so you can play all the weird files your friends send you because it's not illegal if someone else torrented it. (And get JSTorrent if you're the downloading type.) Use LastPass or 1Password to keep all your logins in order. Line and Google Hangouts both have great Chrome apps, and Facebook Messenger and WhatsApp at least have decent web apps. Evernote's great for taking notes, or you can download New Tab Draft and have a notepad every time you open a new tab. Word and Excel both work great in Chrome, as do Google Docs and Sheets—they'll even work offline. There are great apps for learning math, reviewing flashcards, and reading textbooks. You get the idea, right? Almost everything you need is right there in a tab. Soon, there'll be an Android app for that too.
There are also a few tweaks that make Chromebook life a little easier. If you're an Android user most things are already pretty easy, since it's Google. But if you install Pushbullet, you can move links, files, and photos from device to device. OneTab will save you whenever you find yourself with so many tabs open they're all just tiny slivers. Put your favorite apps or sites in the dock at the bottom of the screen, and right-click on their icons to make them open in their own windows. And definitely enable "OK Google," so you can start a search just by yelling from across the room.
The biggest change you'll have to make when you get a Chromebook is all in your head. If you've used a Mac or Windows PC before, you open up a ChromeOS device and it just feels like it's not as powerful or feature-rich. And it's not! But that's the beauty of it. A Chromebook's exactly what most people need—a browser—and nothing more. That's true right now. Once Android comes around, you'll also have access to the biggest ecosystem of apps any laptop has ever seen. That might start to blow up the whole notion of a "laptop." If you can wait to see what happens, how weird it really gets, I bet it'll be worth it.
Donald Trump eschewed an opportunity to condemn a National Enquirer article claiming their opponent, Ted Cruz, has conducted a number of affairs with their female staff. The Enquirer, Trump said this morning, “actually has a very good record of being right.”
Trump, in an appearance on ABC's This Week, accused Ted Cruz of starting their current spat, and suggested their campaign is (illegally) coordinating with an anti-Trump super PAC:
He's the one that started it. And from what I hear, they and their campaign went out and bought the cover shoot. They did a — Melania did a cover story for ‘GQ,' a very strong modeling picture. No big deal. But it was a cover story for ‘GQ,' a big magazine. And it was, you know, fine. And from what I hear, somebody bought the — the rights to it and they were the one or their campaign bought the rights and they gave it to the super PAC. And just so you understand, that super PAC is very friendly to Ted Cruz. They knew all about it, 100 percent. So they started it. I didn't start it.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“This story, this — that we see in The National Enquirer, this kind of rumor-mongering, should this kind of thing just be off limits?” ABC's Jon Karl asked. ”Do you condemn this story?”
“I don't care, I'm really, I don't care,” Trump replied. “The National Enquirer did a story, it was their story, it wasn't my story, it was about Ted Cruz. I have no idea whether it was right or not. They actually have a very good record of being right. … I hope it's not right.”
Blumenthal Statement On SCOTUS Decision In McCutcheon V. FEC In 5-4 Decision, SCOTUS Reversed Long-Standing Precedent And Declared Aggregate Limits On Campaign Contributions In Elections To Be In Violation Of The First Amendment
(Washington, DC) – Today, U.S. Senator Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) released the following statement in response to the Supreme Court's decision in McCutcheon v. Federal Election Commission. In the 5-4 decision, the Supreme Court reversed long-standing precedent and declared aggregate limits on campaign contributions in elections to be in violation of the First Amendment.
“This morning's ruling is just the latest attack in the Supreme Court's unfortunate and misguided war on democracy – a series of rulings with the combined effect of creating a country in which money talks and voters are left voiceless. Nothing in the First Amendment tells us that Congress is powerless to impose any restriction on the amount that special interests can funnel to PACs, political parties, and candidates for office. The Court's ruling today is inconsistent with the letter and spirit of our Constitution. I will be working with my colleagues in Congress to amend our Constitution so that this opinion and others like it are wiped off the books and control over our democracy is returned to we the people.”
We review products independently, but we may earn affiliate commissions from buying links on this page. Terms of use.
Looking to offload some patents and make some extra cash? Google may be an interested buyer.
The Web giant on Monday launched a Patent Purchase Promotion, an "experiment to remove friction from the patent market and improve the landscape." On May 8, Google plans to open a portal where you'll be able to tell the company about the patents you're willing to sell, and how much you're looking to make.
The portal closes on May 22, at which time Google will review all the submissions and let you know by June 26 whether it's interested in buying your patents. If Google does want to buy your patents, you should get paid by late August, the company said.
In a blog post, Google's deputy general counsel for patents, Allen Lo, said the new experiment is aimed at not only simplifying the patent marketplace, but also combating trolls.
"Patent owners sell patents for numerous reasons (such as the need to raise money or changes in a company's business direction)," Lo wrote. "Unfortunately, the usual patent marketplace can sometimes be challenging, especially for smaller participants who sometimes end up working with patent trolls. Then bad things happen, like lawsuits, lots of wasted effort, and generally bad karma. Rarely does this provide any meaningful benefit to the original patent owner."
Google said that having a concentrated submission window will allow the company to quickly evaluate patent assets and get back to sellers quickly.
"Hopefully this will translate into better experiences for sellers, and remove the complications of working with entities such as patent trolls," Lo wrote.
Head over to Google's patent website for all the details of the new promotion. Google encouraged interested parties to read over and understand the fine print and speak with an attorney before participating.
Google has been trying to shore up its patent reserves for years. In 2011, it accused Apple, Microsoft, and other tech giants of trying to "strangle" Android with coordinated patent purchases and pledged to "intensely" defend its mobile OS through patent purchases of its own and opposition to what it considers anti-competitive patent bids.
That resulted in its purchase of Motorola Mobility only two weeks later. Though Google sold Motorola Mobility to Lenovo in 2014, it held on to the majority of the Motorola patent portfolio.
Last year, Google teamed up with Canon, Dropbox, and more for the License on Transfer (LOT) Network, which Google called "a sort of arms control for the patent world."
"By working together, we can cut down on patent litigation, allowing us to focus instead on building great products," Google said at the time.
Vice President Mike Pence snitched on their FIJI fraternity brothers for having a kegger on their college's dry campus, which got their entire fraternity in trouble, according to a former fraternity brother's account in the Atlantic.
Pence, the president of the fraternity, was responsible for smoothing over FIJI's rowdy activities with the Hanover College administration (basically, the job of every fraternity president). Animal House had come out earlier that year, so the fraternity had a great deal of inspiration, despite the strict no-alcohol policy at the small Presbyterian school. During one particularly crazy party, the brothers got word that an associate dean was coming, so they hid the intoxicating evidence and sent their president to the door. What happened next would make Pence the villain in their brother's eyes for months to come, while boosting their stock with the administration (Hanover offered them a job in the admissions office after they graduated).
“We know you've got a keg,” the dean told Pence, according to the report.
Pence then lead the associate dean directly to the kegs' hiding place and admitted that they belonged to the fraternity.
Pence broke a cardinal rule of brotherhood, they didn't take the fall for the benefit of the fraternity, or at least delay long enough for someone else to step up. As they explain it in the Atlantic, “typically when scenes like this played out, one of the brothers would take the fall, claiming that all the alcohol was theirs and thus sparing the house from formal discipline.” To make matters worse, the fraternity president should be the first one stepping up in these situations to take the fall, you signed up for that.
Related Reading
God's Plan for Mike Pence
Mike Pence Once Ratted Out Their Fraternity Brothers For Having a Keg
Mike Pence tattled on fraternity brothers for having kegs, former classmate says
The Braves ranked lower among Major League Baseball teams in player payroll at the start of this season than on any opening day since the 1980s.
After a barrage of deals, the Braves' payroll has dropped to $97.8 million, which ranks 23rd among the 30 MLB teams.
The Braves haven't ranked so low in opening-day payroll since 1989, when they were 23rd among 26 teams at the time.
They ranked 19th in payroll at the start of the 1990 and 1991 seasons, were No. 2 by 1993 and remained among baseball's top five spenders for the rest of the 1990s and among the top 10 through 2006. When Time Warner sold the Braves to Liberty Media in 2007, the payroll ranked 13th at $89 million.
Under Liberty's ownership, the payroll has remained in a relatively narrow range. It was near the middle of the MLB pack the past five years, ranking 14th on opening day last season at $112 million.
The Braves have said their payroll will rise when they move into their new stadium in 2017, but they haven't said by how much.
The current $97.8 million payroll figure includes the salaries of the 25 players on the active roster, plus those on the disabled list and, significantly, those who aren't with the team but are still owed money for this season. The Braves owe Dan Uggla and Carlos Quentin almost $21 million — more than 20 percent of the team payroll — not to play for them. Accepting Quentin's contract from the Padres was part of price to unload Melvin Upton Jr.'s.
The Dodgers have MLB's highest payroll this season at about $273 million. The Nationals have the highest in the National League East, $163 million, which ranks sixth overall. The seven teams with lower payrolls than the Braves are the Diamondbacks, Pirates, Indians, Athletics, Rays, Astros and Marlins. The Marlins have MLB's lowest payroll at $68.5 million.
Across MLB, revenue has risen rapidly in recent years. Based on Liberty Media's financial filings, the Braves' revenue increased from $208 million in 2011 to $251 million last year.
Melbourne Victory has signed international pair Bianca Henninger and Samantha Johnson on loan, completing its squad for the Westfield W-League 2016/17 season.
Henninger has arrived as the team's first-choice goalkeeper from Houston Dash, while Johnson is a defender from Chicago Red Stars.
Earlier this week, Victory confirmed striker Natasha Dowie and midfielder Christine Nairn as its other foreign signings for the upcoming campaign.
Henninger, 25, has represented the USA at under-20 and under-23 level and spent the past three years at Houston alongside Westfield Matildas goalkeeper Lydia Williams.
Johnson, who has been a mainstay in Chicago's defence for the past three seasons, also represented Sydney FC in the Westfield W-League 2014/15 season.
The 25-year-old was opposed to Nairn recently in the Semi Finals of the US National Women's Soccer League, which Nairn's Washington Spirit won 2-1 in extra time.
Completing the squad, former Victory striker Caitlin Friend has returned to the club for the new season, while 18-year-old goalkeeper Bethany Mason-Jones has been signed from Calder United in the PlayStation 4 NPL Victoria Women's competition.
Victory's Westfield W-League campaign starts with a trip to Coopers Stadium to take on Adelaide United on Sunday, November 6.
To view the full fixture and download it to your calendar, click here.
Melbourne Victory W-League squad: 1.Bianca HENNINGER (gk), 2.Alexandra NATOLI, 3.Alex CHEAL, 4.Melissa TARANTO, 6.Annabel MARTIN, 7.Lia PRIVITELLI, 8.Ayesha NORRIE, 9.Natasha DOWIE, 10.Christine NAIRN, 11.MelindaJ MARBIERI, 13.Laura SPIRANOVIC, 14.Selin KURALAY, 15.Adriana TARANTO, 16.Samantha JOHNSON, 17.Gulcan KOCA, 19.Rachel ALONSO, 20.Bethany MASON-JONES (gk), 22.Caitlin FRIEND
Story highlights Marque "Tate" Lynche was part of "The Mickey Mouse Club" '90s version
They took part in "American Idol" season 3
(CNN) Marque "Tate" Lynche Jr., a member of the '90s "Mickey Mouse Club" with Ryan Gosling, Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera and Justin Timberlake, has died, according to the New York Police Department.
Lynche's roommate found their body Sunday, NYPD Detective Martin Speechley said. The death is being investigated.
Lynche was 34.
Speechley did not offer any details or elaboration on the cause of death.
Lynche appeared on "MMC" from 1993 to 1995, when the show featured Gosling, Spears, Aguilera and Timberlake, as well as Nikki DeLoach and T.J. Fantini. A group of veteran Mouseketeers, including Keri Russell and JC Chasez, was also part of the cast in those years.
The chess heritage of Francois Andre Danican Philidor is enormous. There is an opening named after them (1.e4 e5 2. Nf3 d6) and three endgame positions all called "the Philidor Position"!
The Philidor position in rook endgames is one every chess player should know -- otherwise you can lose a basic endgame:
However, if you know the Philidor position, then achieving a draw is really simple. You just put your rook on the sixth rank and wait till your opponent pushes their pawn forward, since otherwise they cannot make progress. Once your opponent pushes their pawn to the sixth rank, you move your rook down and start endless checks from behind:
While it is uncommon that strong players don't know the rook endgame Philidor position, the R+B vs. R endgame Philidor position is a totally different story.
Recently the whole chess world ridiculed Fabiano Caruana for inability to win a theoretically won endgame that most probably cost them the world championship match:
To tell you the truth, I would have been very surprised if after a very long fight in this game, towards the end of a very tough tournament, being short on time Caruana had demonstrated the tricky solution. And besides I had a very strong case of deja vu.
Twenty-two years ago I played a very strong tournament in Tilburg , Netherlands. It was exactly like the knockout world championships popular 15 years ago...before the knockout world championships actually existed!
The strongest players in the world played knockout matches -- when winning each match would double your prize money! At the very end of a playing day, when all other games were already over, two participants were still trying to eliminate each other. At some point the familiar Philidor position appeared on the board:
Oppose the witch-hunt against Socialist Alternative
By the Socialist Equality Party (Australia)
2 July 2014
The Socialist Equality Party emphatically opposes and condemns the witch-hunt against Socialist Alternative initiated by the Murdoch media outlets Sky News and the Australian. It is aimed at intimidating opponents of the vicious assault on the working class contained in the Abbott government's recent budget, and constitutes a pre-emptive strike against the opposition that will emerge to its pro-war, militarist agenda.
The witch-hunt began on Monday night when right-wing Sky News TV host Paul Murray displayed the front-page of the latest edition of Socialist Alternative's newspaper Red Flag. On it was a depiction of Prime Minister Tony Abbott with a razor at their throat and a caption reading “One cut we'd like to see.”
Murray declared that their program had contacted the Australian Federal Police and had been informed that the image was not illegal. They demanded that it should be and insisted that there was a “gaping chasm” in laws governing the protection of politicians. Regular Sky News panellist, former Labor Party minister and power broker Graham Richardson, chimed in, declaring they could not understand why the image was not illegal.
The image was a reprise of a similar poster depicting former Liberal Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser in 1977, with the caption, “Give Fraser the Razor.” That poster now hangs in the National Gallery in Canberra.
The attack launched by Murray's program was followed on Tuesday with an article in the Australian headlined “Libs, Labor condemn cutthroat image.” In response, Socialist Alternative issued a statement defending the image.
“The razor was and is clearly metaphorical. Just as cartoons that depict [Labor leader] Bill Shorten knifing [former Labor prime minister] Julia Gillard in the back are not suggestive of an actual physical attack but merely are visual representations of perceived betrayal, so the razor in both our cover and the original poster suggest that the prime minister should be cast aside,” the statement said.
However, Socialist Alternative went on to declare that “due to legal concerns” it was withdrawing the cover page of its newspaper.
In view of the serious implications of the witch-hunt against it, the Socialist Alternative has a responsibility to make public the nature of those legal concerns.
The SEP has irreconcilable and well-documented political differences with Socialist Alternative. But these differences do not lessen our implacable opposition to the witch-hunt, which represents a fundamental attack on the democratic right of free speech and freedom of the press.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Originally charged with manslaughter, Patrick Wayne Tuter pleaded no contest Monday to a lesser count of discharging a firearm in certain municipalities, a Class A misdemeanor punishable by up to a year in a county jail.
Tuter, 37, was accused of firing 41 shots at Michael Vincent Allen in August 2012 after a half-hour chase that reached speeds of 100 mph.
The officer —the only one to fire their weapon that night — reloaded at least twice, and three shots struck and killed 25-year-old Allen.
Prosecutors in Tuter's trial last year labeled them a "rogue cop" who "acted recklessly" in opening fire in a neighborhood cul-de-sac.
A Dallas County jury couldn't agree on a verdict on the manslaughter charge, a second-degree felony punishable by up to 20 years in prison, and the case ended in a mistrial. A second trial was set to start this week.
"It's been a nightmare," Allen's father, Randy, said last year. "We were really hoping for some closure."
They said their granddaughter remembers their father and prays to them every night.
"I wouldn't wish this on anybody," they said.
The vast and diverse landscape of India is embedded with a rich biosphere that is home to myriad species of flora and fauna. I believe that with the evolution of technology and infrastructural development in India, today, there is a perpetual conflict between India wildlife and humans. All told, we have undertaken several measures to protect the endangered animal species, yet the real estate and automobile sectors boom and poaching continues to be a danger.
Which animals are endangered in India?
Over the years, the Indian government has set up some wildlife conservation acts that have helped to increase the tiger population, but the future remains dark and the ugly truth is that tigers are one of the most endangered animals in India. There are only about 2,500 wild dogs left; Asian black bears that used to dominate the Himalayan region are now under threat; clouded leopards are hardly spotted in Arunachal Pradesh; and species like Gaur, Red Panda, Nilgiri tahr, Yak and Wild goat are soon going to be only in the pictorial chapters in the Indian wildlife books.
The question is why are wild beings on the verge of extinction and how can we protect our wildlife heritage? First, let us briefly glance at the major threats faced by wildlife in India before we discuss a jungle safari.
What are the threats faced by our wildlife?
The vast biosphere of India is not only home to several endangered species but also countless plant species that have medicinal value.
Firstly, if deforestation causes risk to animals at the same time we are also imperiling several plant species. Hence, deforestation due to industrialization is one of the major threats faced by the Indian wildlife.
Secondly, the tribes in India, who are largely dependent on hunting, pose a major threat to wildlife. We term their mode of livelihood as, “poaching”, which is mostly found in the tribal areas of Central India, North East India, and South India and includes some of the noted national parks like Kanha, Bandhavgarh and Pench in Central India, Kaziranga in North East India and Bandipur in south India.
Thirdly, it is us. Mankind is another big threat behind the extinction of innocent wild beings. When you participate in a wildlife safari in India, some of us forget that we are intruders. We try to tame several wildlife animals by offering them food and tease them just for the sake of fun. Even throwing objects like plastic bags, bottles and glasses affect the general hygiene of the environment.
Lastly, pollution – air, water, and sound, is another major factor that threatens wildlife in India. Factors such as an expansion of industrialization, chemical factories setting up close to the river banks and poor drainage system have become the key sources of risk to wildlife that also includes several bird species.
How can we protect our wildlife heritage?
The Indian Government has stepped up its some wildlife conservation efforts by releasing some wildlife conservation advertisements and programmes, making people aware of the fact that our wildlife heritage is under threat.
Further, we should also keep in mind that when we are on a jeep safari inside a national park we should follow the guidelines mandated by the forest authority, which include not to tame and feed animals, not to carry and throw plastic bags, bottles and glasses and most importantly, not to step out from the vehicle. Moreover, we don't have any idea how to stop industrial development close to ecosphere zones but if this happens when a large number of endangered animals will be saved.
How to get involved in wildlife conservation efforts?
“Save the tiger”, which is a wildlife conservation project in Corbett, was introduced in the year 1973. Although the project helped the tiger population to rise from 268 in 1973 to 1,706 according to the 2011 census report carried by the National Tiger Conservation Authority, we still need to carry several such conservation acts for other endangered species.
Likewise, the Asiatic Lion Reintroduction Project that intends to transfer Asiatic Lions from Gir National Park, Gujarat, to Kuno Wildlife Sanctuary, Madhya Pradesh, will spur a new environment for the big cats. On the other hand, in the year 1992, the Indian government took a major step to safeguard the wild elephants against frequent human conflicts under Project Elephant. Similarly, the introduction of Project Hangul in Kashmir and Himachal Pradesh in the late 20th century, Indian Crocodile Conservation Project, Himalayan Musk Deer Ecology, and Conservation Project, Project Lion, the Snow Leopard Project and several Pheasant Projects are some of the notable wildlife conservation efforts by the Indian government.
Let me now brief some major steps that can be taken by us individually.
Although it is a time-consuming task, several Indian schools and colleges can introduce the concept of volunteer programs in wildlife conservation, which includes patrolling to protect wildlife from poachers, providing care for the animals and assisting with outreach and educational activities. This helps to ensure ecological stability and wildlife diversity for years to come. Wildlife conservation campaigns and rallies are the best way to reach out to the public in large. Continued articles, advertisements, and campaigns by the Indian government to preserve wildlife in India were circulating over the years but it is now high time for us, individually, to take some steps and stand against the threats faced by the Indian Wildlife.
The human behavior is largely dependent on each other but today, if you take one step, your friend may follow you.
Gaur bull at Nagarhole National Park, India. Photo by Dinesh Kannambadi (Wikipedia Commons)
Of the Cavaliers, LeBron James has by far the most playoff experience. But Cleveland coach David Blatt is adamant the team not depend solely on the four-time NBA MVP this postseason.
After practice Friday, Blatt said the Cavaliers' playoff run would need to be a team effort.
From ESPN:
“I think that mentally and emotionally he'll [James will] lead the way … on the court their example is going to be felt and it's going to be followed. But this all can't be on LeBron. This is a team and a team effort and everyone here has to do their part. The good news is he's a guy that's done it, been there and led teams to the ultimate. He's certainly a guy that the other guys can look towards.”
However, James — who sometimes calls plays for the Cavaliers — said they do not plan to lead differently in the playoffs.
“My leadership doesn't change no matter the magnitude of the game,” they said. “I'm going to lead my guys and get them as prepared as they need to be on Sunday and they'll follow my lead and I'll put them in the best possible chance to win.”
The Cavaliers face the Boston Celtics Sunday in the first round of the playoffs.
Read more over at ESPN.
As a New Year draws ever closer it's good to reflect on the year that is coming to a close. When I look back over 2014 I'm really pleased with the year RuneScape and the community has had. At the end of 2013 we set out the goals we had for the following year; we wanted to give players the power to decide what great content we work on, to place an increased emphasis on high level content, to increase the number of quests we release, and to improve the everyday gameplay experience of players.
The thing I've been proudest of over the past year has been ‘Player Power', and the introduction of our in-game poll system. In 2014 there's been over 20 polls in which you've chosen what content update we make – the equivalent to the ‘guaranteed content polls' from previous years – and even more polls in which you've made choices about the all-important design within content updates. Throughout 2014 you've been more influential than ever and have had your say in the majority of content released this year – and the game has been better for it! Of course, as with everything, there were some growing pains: we'd be the first to admit that we polled a bit too much too early which unfortunately left the polls in the second half of the year feeling a bit sparse, and some of our experimental polls (such as using the poll system to design the Halloween event, or to name a troll!) didn't work out as we'd hoped.
Player Power wasn't just about polls though. Giving you a greater say in what we develop meant that we owed it to you to be more open and better at listening. We've made a real effort to become more communicative; seeking your input on the forums, sharing our progress on Twitter, discussing recent updates on Reddit, answering questions in weekly livestreams on Twitch, or taking your feedback in surveys. Personally, I think this has made for a much better collaboration between the developers and the players.
2014's biggest update – the Elf City – was chosen by you in the very first poll of the year. It was shaped by you through several important polls, and then refined by you as we published the design documents; you can see them here, here, here, here, and here. Player Power also drove us to address the lingering issues with combat in RuneScape. Off the back of your decisions and opinions we added a Legacy Mode to the game, a move which pleased many fans of the older system, and we also reverted back to the 138 system combat formula which the majority of players preferred.
I'm also pretty happy to say that we've met our goals to put more focus on higher level content this year. In 2014 we've launched three grandmaster quests, a master quest, a new top-tier solo boss, soul reaper, ancient combat abilities, master capes, and expert skillcapes, to name just a few. Next year we will be focussing on more specific level content gaps.
However, there were some areas of disappointment. While, technically, we published more quests in 2014 than 2013, it was only one more, and that's not the scale of improvement either you or we wanted to achieve for the year. While we are planning a similar number of quests in 2015, Runelabs will offer opportunities to increase that number. Expect more information in Mod Mark's upcoming news post.
Minigames was also an area of slight disappointment for me. Many of you asked us to help make minigames popular again and this became a secondary goal for us. Unfortunately, it hasn't worked out as we'd hoped. Whilst most of the individual updates were good - such as the Barbarian Assault rework, big improvements we made to Dominion Tower and Pest Control, and the new minigames like Heist and Cabbage Facepunch Bonanza that were added, along with a grouping system to help find teammates for multiplayer minigames - collectively they didn't achieve our aim of getting many more players back into minigames. We've not given up though, and have new ideas to try next year, but what we need now is your input – what do you think would make minigames more relevant and popular? Or would you rather we directed our attention elsewhere?
Our final goal for 2014, and it was a big one, was to improve your everyday gameplay experience. This is something I am proud to say we have achieved. The Ninja team made tons of small improvements and fixes, as well as making a few headline content updates of their own. There were also a number of important core gameplay improvements, including Revolution, a bank interface update, and the addition of bank presets – I, for one, can't imagine playing without these things now!
One final thing I want mention before I sign off for the year is the RuneScape community's incredible heart and immense generosity to charitable causes. We've organised a number of charity events throughout the year, including GameBlast, United for Wildlife's Royal Rhino, November's Well of Goodwill, and December's Oxfam initiative. In total Jagex and the RuneScape community have raised a massive $275,000 for these wonderful and well-deserving charities. This is an incredible amount and one which will really improve the lives of people and creatures who really need it. We couldn't have done it without you all – thank you!
Remember, RuneScape is never done and we promise to never stand still! 2015 will bring even more exciting content to a computer screen near you, and with RuneLabs almost ready to launch you'll not only have a hand in choosing the content we create, but actually conceive it yourselves!
Next week our one-and-only Mod Mark will be giving you exclusive insight into our plans for 2015 but for now, grab a mince pie, sit back, relax, and check out our latest video. I caught up with Mods Osborne, Ana, Chris L, Boo, and Whalefish over a lovely Christmas lunch to discuss all things ‘RuneScape 2014' – and don't forget to share your own thoughts on RuneScape in 2014 over on the forums.
Have a very Merry Christmas, and a Happy New Year to each and every one of you,
Mod Pips
French archaeologists came the surprise: During a routine excavation they found the remains of a large German military camp of the First World War.
French archaeologists came the surprise: During a routine excavation they found the remains of a large German military camp of the First World War.
Actually investigated the excavators of the French National Archaeology Institute INRAP for traces from the Iron Age and the Roman Empire. On the site in Isles-sur-Suippe near the French city of Reims, to be the industrial area soon, expected the usual: some Roman houses or perhaps a Gallic homestead. Instead, they found the remains of a large German military camp of the First World War.
What released the Earth corresponds well to the German taste in interior design at the beginning of the 20th century. A stuffed bear head, the excavators found, even with teeth – probably the memory of a past long hunting trip, prepared as a hearth-rug. In addition, the statue of a Great Dane, the fashion dog par excellence, since Otto von Bismarck in 1878 their two “Reich dogs” taken even with the Congress of Berlin (where Dane Tyras Russian Foreign Minister Gorchakov the tattered pants). But the Wilhelmine Deco was not about the hunting lodge of a Prussian nobleman, but under the carcass of a horse next to the huts of a military camp.
The area in which lay the camp was, throughout the war in German hands: a strategic place in the immediate vicinity of an old railway line. From here, supplies, weapons and soldiers could be easily and quickly transported to the front. At the same time many weary soldiers came back: On average, the German army indulged their husbands every three weeks a break from life in the trenches. In recessed camps such as the Isles-sur-Suippe, at a safe distance from the fighting, they were allowed to recover for a short time before they had to return to the front. At the same time, the camp served as a training camp for recruits and as a logistics center for development, enhancement and protection of supply lines.
First World War Archaelogy:Ammunition, bottles and toothbrushes
Four 13-meter-long block houses have been found by archaeologists on the 4.5 acre site and one of them investigated. The floor was covered with wood planks, stairs leading to the first floor. Probably slept in this apartment about 24 men. The excavators discovered here four magazines with French cartridges from the year 1916. “This type of ammunition is typically used for the defense of the rear lines,” they wrote in a press release. “The younger and more effective German weapons systems were reserved for use at the forefront.”
Who were the soldiers who were trained here and only later in the pauses between combat roles tended their wounds? Excavators found the traces of their camp life, including wine, water and medicine bottles. Often there was to eat fresh meat – the bone with knife marks of slaughter also landed in the waste pits like empty cans. Eaten by soldiers of both dishes brought from Bavaria and of French dishes. Only the supervisor, were among the bearskin and Dogg statue, ate distinguished: In the pit with their personal belongings be fine dinner service was.
Your time spent Front tourists trying to repair their equipment: Replace gas mask filters, mending helmets, shoes resoled. A technically skilled soldier forged from a grenade sleeve an ashtray. And for anything else found the soldiers finally time what had been neglected in the weeks in the trenches: the personal care. Between munitions and military equipment, the excavators discovered lacked at the front tooth and hairbrushes.
