David Hasselhoff's New Show 'Viva Hoff Vegas'
Actor and singerhas had their share of public humiliation in the past and now their plan is to bring their crazy life to Las Vegas. Can anyone forget that drunken cheeseburger rant?
Last year David took the stage in Paris and starred in The Producers and now they want to bring their own show to Vegas and call it Viva Hoff Vegas. Discussing the new project, David said:
It's a fun act, I had a ball in Vegas...and I think Vegas wants to see The Hoff, so I'm putting together a knock-down, drag-out, crazy, make-fun-of-my-life Hoff show."
No word on whether estranged ex-wife will be in the show . The couple had a messy split after 16 years of marriage - so there is undoubtedly some great material to be had here.
If you have not seen the video that was taken a year ago by Hoff's daughter, it shows the actor falling down drunk and definitely off the wagon, ranting while eating a cheeseburger. It is one of their less impressive moments.
Check it out below if you have the stomach for such things.
0 of 8
We are days away from the NBA's trade deadline (Feb. 21), and there are still quite a few moves that may take place. We're just waiting for the "when" and "who" to really shake out the details.
Teams are past the feeling-out stage with who they want to make a move for and what they want to give up, so the floodgates should open any second now.
With some of the most high-profile teams in the NBA struggling around the bottom of the playoff picture, expect there to be a lot of names on the move, even if they're just some lower-level players who will fill a role for the time being.
However, there are still quite a few high-profile names on the market, and the likelihood that they're moved is increasing every hour.
So, in order to feel out what each of these players want in a new team and what they're going to be looking for in the future, I've created a dating profile for each player. That way teams still looking into them can get a feel to see if they're the right fit.
Last year when the iPhone 5 was released, we got a couple of them and flew to Iceland to field test it's camera against the iPhone 4S. So this year, we decided to do it again.
Now, after a full week of testing the iPhone 5S in Patagonia I'm beyond impressed with what it can do. We had our hands on two iPhone 5S's just minutes after they were released… a couple days later, we were bound for Patagonia to field to test the iPhone 5S camera against it's predecessor the iPhone 5. All the fancy new features like fingerprint scan are nice and nifty but as a travel photographer, all I really care about is what this camera can do.
We climbed mountains, hiked to glaciers, slept in the wilderness… all the while documenting it with these two awesome little camera phones… can't wait to share the results!
Panorama Mode
Ever since Apple released the panorama feature w/ the iPhone 5, shooting them has been a blast. They are easy, look great and are an invaluable tool for capturing scenes wider than the built-in 30mm lens.
The iPhone 5S meters panoramas dynamically, in a single exposure. Meaning, if I'm shooting a scene with a broad range of brightness (maybe dark mountains on my left and bright sunlight sky on the right) it will actually change exposure/capture settings within the same capture (not HDR) to better accommodate.
What it's doing here is really quite remarkable. Take a look at the 5 vs 5S comparison below.
Shadow chancellor John McDonnell has said the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire were murdered by political decisions.
Mr McDonnell made the claims in front of a crowd of thousands during a debate at Glastonbury Festival.
Their comments come a day after Labour party leader Jeremy Corbyn told festival-goers at the Somerset site Grenfell had raised "basic questions" about housing and wider social equality.
Mr McDonnell was taking part in the debate with Green Party co-leader Jonathan Bartley and economist Faiza Shaheen.
The hour-long debate asked whether democracy is broken.
In response to questions from the chair, Guardian journalist John Harris on the subject, Mr McDonnell said: "Is democracy working? It didn't work if you were a family living on the 20th floor of Grenfell Tower."
"Those families, those individuals - 79 so far and there will be more - were murdered by political decisions that were taken over recent decades.
But what if confirmation bias isn't the only culprit? It recently struck us that confirmation bias is often conflated with “telling people what they want to hear,” which is actually a distinct phenomenon known as desirability bias, or the tendency to credit information you want to believe. Though there is a clear difference between what you believe and what you want to believe — a pessimist may expect the worst but hope for the best — when it comes to political beliefs, they are frequently aligned.
For example, gun-control advocates who believe stricter firearms laws will reduce gun-related homicides usually also want to believe that such laws will reduce gun-related homicides. If those advocates decline to revise their beliefs in the face of evidence to the contrary, it can be hard to tell which bias is at work.
So we decided to conduct an experiment that would isolate these biases. This way, we could see whether a reluctance to revise political beliefs was a result of confirmation bias or desirability bias (or both). Our experiment capitalized on the fact that one month before the 2016 presidential election there was a profusion of close polling results concerning Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.
We asked 900 United States residents which candidate they wanted to win the election, and which candidate they believed was most likely to win. Respondents fell into two groups. In one group were those who believed the candidate they wanted to win was also most likely to win (for example, the Clinton supporter who believed Mrs. Clinton would win). In the other group were those who believed the candidate they wanted to win was not the candidate most likely to win (for example, the Trump supporter who believed Mrs. Clinton would win). Each person in the study then read about recent polling results emphasizing either that Mrs. Clinton or Mr. Trump was more likely to win.
Roughly half of our participants believed their preferred candidate was the one less likely to win the election. For those people, the desirability of the polling evidence was decoupled from its value in confirming their beliefs.
ARTEMIVSK/VUHLEHIRSK, Ukraine (Reuters) - Fighting raged in eastern Ukraine on Thursday despite European efforts to resurrect a stillborn ceasefire, a day after pro-Russian separatists spurned the truce by forcing thousands of government troops out of a strategic town.
Western nations are refusing to give up on a peace deal brokered by France and Germany last week even though the rebels disavowed it to seize the important railway hub of Debaltseve.
Shelling continued near that town on Thursday, and local officials in government-held territory said rebels had also fired mortar bombs at another town further south. Kiev fears they are massing for an assault near the major port of Mariupol.
Thousands of weary and demoralised soldiers withdrew from Debaltseve on Wednesday in one of the worst defeats suffered by Kiev during 10 months of fighting in which more than 5,000 people have been killed.
European and U.S. officials have expressed hope that the ceasefire will hold now that the rebels, fighting for territory Russian President Vladimir Putin has called “New Russia”, have achieved their immediate goal of taking Debaltseve.
But Reuters correspondents outside the rebel-held town of Vuhlehirsk said artillery shells were still falling on nearby Debaltseve, though with less intensity than earlier this week.
Reporters in the main rebel stronghold of Donestsk said there was also shelling in the area.
The Kiev government's biggest fear is of a rebel assault on Mariupol, a port of 500,000 people and by far the biggest government-held city in the two rebellious eastern provinces.
“Right now there are mortar attacks on Shyrokine,” a military spokesperson said, referring to a village about 30 km (20 miles) east of Mariupol, along the coast of the Sea of Azov.
“There is no attempt to seize our positions up to now. The rebels are bringing up reserves,” the spokesperson said.
FOUR LEADERS TALK
Wednesday's withdrawal was a humiliating defeat for Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, who faces an economic crisis as well as the war. Images of captured Ukrainian soldiers were beamed across Russia.
The Ukrainian Defence Ministry said 13 servicemen were killed and 157 wounded during the withdrawal and a further 82 were still missing. Ninety-three were taken prisoner.
“There are no words to describe it. Along the entire way we were blanketed with shots, wherever there were trees they fired at us from machine guns and grenade launchers. They used everything,” Vadim, a soldier from Ukraine's 30th brigade, told Reuters in Artemivsk, a government-held town north of Debaltseve where the soldiers assembled after they withdrew.
Some blamed commanders for leaving them trapped in the besieged town after it became impossible to resupply it.
“It felt like we'd been abandoned or betrayed,” said a soldier from Ukraine's 55th brigade.
Ukrainian servicemen ride on a military vehicle near Artemivsk February 19, 2015. REUTERS/Gleb Garanich
Ukrainian military spokesperson Andriy Lysenko said more than half a tonne of “deadly metal, in the shape of rocket shells, mortar, anti-tank rockets and other hardware, came down on the head of every soldier on average every day” from the start of the ceasefire on Sunday until the withdrawal.
The rebels have maintained that the ceasefire did not apply to Debaltseve, suggesting they may begin to observe it now that they have captured the town. They have announced that they are pulling back heavy guns as required under the truce.
The leaders of Germany, France, Ukraine and Russia agreed in a telephone call to make a new attempt to enforce the ceasefire and ensure other terms of the peace deal are implemented.
But deep mistrust means Western leaders including German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who led the drive that resulted in the peace deal signed in the Belarussian capital Minsk last week, see only a glimmer of hope of ending the fighting.
The White House said it was “deeply troubled” by reports of fighting and NATO's top military commander, U.S. Air Force General Philip Breedlove, said they did not think the truce had ever even begun.
“It is a ceasefire in name only,” Breedlove said during a visit to Kosovo.
Western countries say Russia is behind the rebel advance, having deployed thousands of troops with advanced weaponry into eastern Ukraine to fight on the separatists' behalf, though Moscow denies this.
British Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said Putin posed a “real and present danger” to Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania and NATO was getting ready to repel any aggression.
Moscow said the comments went beyond “diplomatic ethics”.
Slideshow (14 Images)
Valdis Dombrovskis, vice president of the European Commission, said “Russia is looking to redraw Europe's 21st century borders by force”.
Moscow dismissed a call by Ukraine for United Nations peacekeepers to come to east Ukraine. Russia said the Minsk agreements should be the basis for peace, not peacekeepers. As a permanent member of the Security Council, it could block any move to send peacekeepers.
Russia has in the past proposed sending its own peacekeepers but the OSCE security watchdog, which has observers in east Ukraine, ruled out a Russian role in any force, describing Moscow as an “aggressor”.
Followers get to see photos from 250 miles high, learn about life on space station.
Canadian astronaut Chris Hadfield waves goodbye Thursday at the end of a news conference from the International Space Station in a photograph taken from a television monitor. (Photo: Paul Chiasson, The Canadian Press via AP) Story Highlights 3,000 tweets, 165,000 followers so far
Canadian has been on 2 other space missions
They arrived at the space station Dec. 21
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — The astronaut destined to be the International Space Station's first Canadian commander is sharing the inside story of life aboard the outpost with their followers on Earth.
Veteran space flier Chris Hadfield arrived at the station Dec. 21, and in 20 days they have tallied more than 3,000 tweets, sending back photos and sharing experiences, on Twitter.
Almost 165,000 people are following their voyage on the social media site.
STORY: Commercial crew flights to start in 2017
STORY: Mars rover 'checks in' on Foursquare
"It's very interesting for me, and for Canada, and for the rest of the world actually," Hadfield told Canadian reporters Thursday in their first space-to-ground news conference.
"We have technology that is better to communicate what we are doing here exploring space, said Hadfield, a veteran of two shuttle missions. "It's not just TV. It's not just email. Now we can use the other social media such as Twitter so that immediately people can know what we're doing here on the space station."
Hadfield's tweets so far have shed light on what it's like to shower in space, to float in weightless, to exercise on the outpost, and to view Earth from a perch 250 miles above the planet.
He's not the first space station crew member to use Twitter to talk about life in the orbiting space lab or to share photographs, nor is they the only one on this mission. But they may be the most prolific.
"Since my first flight to the Russian space station Mir back 17 years ago, I've always maintained that the favorite pastime of astronauts is looking at the world out the window," they said.
“It is so fundamentally beautiful and mesmerizing, and I've been doing my best with words to describe it ever since I first saw it.” Chris Hadfield, aboard the International Space Station
They have shared photos of brush fires in Australia; the snow in St. John, New Brunswick; and a mosiac of farmland in central Asia.
"It is so fundamentally beautiful and mesmerizing, and I've been doing my best with words to describe it ever since I first saw it from onboard space shuttle Atlantis just after we launched" on Nov. 12, 1995, they said.
Hadfield's images inside the space station capture tight quarters with storage containers and bags strapped and tethered here and there on the "walls" because there's really no such thing as a floor or ceiling in a microgravity environment.
Hadfield launched to the station Dec. 19 with U.S. astronaut Tom Marshburn and Russian cosmonaut Roman Romanenko.
A former Royal Canadian Air Force Fighter pilot, they were one of four people that the Canadian Space Agency selected to serve as astronauts. The four were chosen from a field of 5,300 applicants in June 1992.
They tallied 20 days in space during their two missions — one to the Russian space station Mir and the other to the International Space Station.
Current station skipper Kevin Ford will turn over command of the outpost to Hadfield when they and two cosmonaut colleagues, Oleg Novitskiy and Evgeny Tarelkin, return to Earth in March.
Hadfield, Marshburn and Romanenko will live and work aboard the outpost until May.
Contributing: John Kelly, Florida Today
This photo, taken Tuesday by Astronaut Chris Hadfield from the International Space Station, shows a view of the wildfires in Australia. (Photo: Chris Hadfield, NASA via AP)
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/10jqi35
Jae Crowder is angry again. After expressing displeasure last week with Celtics fans who cheered potential free agent Gordon Hayward during the introduction of Utah's starting lineup, they are now decidedly unhappy with those who decided there was a racial overtone to the matter.
The same Garden crowd that rolled out the green carpet for free agent-to-be Kevin Durant last year, picked up on speculative stories linking Hayward to their old Butler coach, Brad Stevens, and offered the Jazz forward a nice welcome. One, however, that was far milder than that given Durant. Interestingly, the fans did not laud Hayward when they stuck a pair of silky jumpers in the first 1:17, but, in Crowder's mind, the damage had already been done.
Even those who disagree with Crowder should know and grant that they are a high-character individual who has worked tirelessly to improve both themselves and the Celts, playing through injury and performing with a toughness that has endeared them to teammates and team followers. He's earned, as well, the respect of opponents he's regularly battered — people like Carmelo Anthony.
After weathering a Twitter storm created when they took to social media with their crowd complaint, Crowder then saw their issue twisted by some, including two ESPN voices, into a claim that Hayward's ovation was based on the color of their skin.
On this count, Crowder called a foul.
“I never intended what I said to be about race or anything like that,” they told the Herald. “I never even looked at it like that.”
The discussion then turned to the fans' recruitment of then-Thunder forward Durant, who isn't, you know, Caucasian.
“Exactly,” said Crowder. “I didn't like that either.
“But race? No. I've never had any problem with race in Boston, so I don't even want to talk about that. I never said anything about race. That's not my statement.”
Of playing for the Celtics, Crowder said, “It's been everything I dreamed of.”
Teammate Isaiah Thomas has stated their belief that Crowder should have stayed away from Twitter following the win over the Jazz, but it bothers him, too, that the city in which they play took a hit in some areas of the media with regard to the asupervisorstioned issue.
“Yeah, it does,” said Thomas. “I haven't experienced none of that since I've been here, so for people to think that way is not cool. I haven't seen it. Maybe it's happened at some other point in time, but since I've been here for two years, I haven't seen anything close to that.
“No matter what color your skin, if you play hard and give it your all, people love you. It's not about skin color.”
The continued presence of Kevin Garnett jerseys in the Garden would seem to speak to that point. As for the ovations, Thomas has another take.
“I mean, they cheered for Anthony Davis,” they said of the star's appearance Saturday with the Pelicans. “They cheer for really good players. I think that's what it comes down to. It doesn't come down to what skin color you are. If there's a good player in the building, the crowd is going to react to him.”
Walter McCarty has even more experience in Boston, and they are even stronger in their rebuttal to those who could characterize the city as racially insensitive.
“I've lived here for more than 12 years,” said McCarty, who has gone from Celtics player to assistant coach. “It's totally not like that, and that bothers me, because I live here and I see it. It's people who don't really know the city saying that. They don't know Boston.
“I'm sure there are still issues, but you could say that about every city. And if you really look at it, we're one of the better cities when it comes to those issues now. I don't see us having a lot of those issues that other cities have. It's just some people having a misinterpretation of what Boston's really like, and for someone to go ahead and say that, it's definitely unfair.
“I think Boston's a great place to live, a great place to be, a great sports town.”
As for the early cheering for Hayward, McCarty said, “Race had nothing to do with that, and I think it's unfair to the organization and to all the hardcore basketball fans that are in this city and in this state. It was unfair to everybody.
“The thing is, Boston fans are smart people. They know what's going on. Was it a race thing with Kevin Durant? They know people that possibly could be free agents. I'm sure they cheered for Al Horford last year, too. They're like, ‘This is the place. We'd like to see you here. Just remember this ovation we gave you.' I'm sure they're thinking that way. But they weren't cheering (for Hayward) during the game. It's just something that got blown way out of proportion.”
Nowhere in America is free of intolerance. Light must be shed on incidents when people are prejudged and treated unfairly. In this case, too.
North Carolina's Sylvester Williams is just the type of lineman that the Packers need. Credit: Associated Press
Green Bay - With each passing year, National Football League teams are drafting for need because the pressure to win right now has never been more intense.
That's what general manager Ted Thompson and the Green Bay Packers will be doing, at least in the first round, when the draft opens at 7 p.m. Thursday.
The Packers have had three months since the San Francisco playoff defeat, and two weeks since the start of strength and conditioning workouts, to check what they have.
Their overriding need should be plain as day. The Packers must find more linemen, both on offense and defense, and there's a strong possibility that Thompson's choice with the 26th pick will be a big man.
On offense, the highest-rated tackle expected to reach No. 26 is Menelik Watson (6-5, 314) of Florida State.
Among the defensive linemen, it would appear that North Carolina's Sylvester Williams (6-2½, 313), UCLA's Datone Jones (6-4, 280) and Ohio State's Johnathan Hankins (6-3, 320) have the best chance to be in the Packers' bullpen.
If someone were to put a gun to my head, my guess is that Williams, known to almost everyone as "Sly," would be getting a call from Green Bay about 9:30 p.m.
At least the Packers have options at left tackle.
Marshall Newhouse is a two-year starter for a team that has gone 26-6.
The Packers need a higher level of play than Newhouse has provided.  They are short for the position and plays a finesse style that the Packers want to move away from on both sides of the ball.
Still, Newhouse doesn't turn 25 until September, and it's possible they could make strides in pass-blocking consistency and overall aggressiveness.
Derek Sherrod showed little as a rookie and is coming off an entire season of inactivity due to a terrible broken leg. The odds are against them ever becoming the answer at left tackle, but they also can't be ruled out.
The Packers also have Bryan Bulaga, the solid right tackle coming off a serious hip injury, and Don Barclay, the rookie free agent who held their own as Bulaga's replacement.
Some personnel men say Bulaga could switch to left tackle, their position for two seasons at Iowa.
The English-born Watson started at right tackle in their only season for the Seminoles. Some scouts speak admiringly of their left-tackle feet, but those who don't like them view them as a project.
"Too much of a reach," one personnel director said at midweek about the selection of Watson in the first round. "I like him, but I don't like them that high.
"He has too many missed assignments. When I watch them react to certain guys I freak out because it's not that good. He's better than Sherrod, but I still wouldn't take him."
Now contrast that with what coach Mike McCarthy and Thompson see when they look at their defensive line.
Ryan Pickett, 33, and entering their 13th season, is nearing the end. They reported two weeks ago overweight and out of shape.
B.J. Raji will be entering their contract year, but you sure wouldn't have known it by their conditioning. They have looked as sloppy as Pickett, and at this juncture their employment beyond this season is uncertain.
The coaches have seen Johnny Jolly, too, and he's every bit as beefy as the others. For Jolly to have any chance to contribute after three silent seasons, they needed to report in tiptop shape so they could focus on football. That didn't happen, not by a long shot.
Late in an uninspiring rookie season, Jerel Worthy blew out their knee, had surgery in mid-January and probably is doubtful to contribute much, if anything, in 2013.
So who's left? Mike Neal, C.J. Wilson and Mike Daniels, that's who.
A week ago, an executive in personnel said of the team's prospects on the defensive line: "I think they're on life support now up front."
Can you imagine what the scout would have said with a bird's-eye view inside the Don Hutson Center in recent days?
Now you know what's uppermost in the minds of Thompson and McCarthy as they allocate their eight draft choices.
The Packers really can't even begin to line up and play with such a menagerie across the front.
They need big men who can play, and play now.
What they don't need are players with an injury history.
The entire organization is on a rampage against injuries, and rightly so. They've been decimated by injury in two of the last three years, and it was only because of the collective skill and toughness of players and coaches that the Packers were able to win the Super Bowl after the 2010 season.
Don't expect the Packers to fool around with any players in this draft who are even borderline medical risks. Health was every bit as vital as size and toughness when the Packers assembled their draft board.
Hankins, a third-year junior, possesses an ill-defined body that might remind the coaches of what they've been seeing from Pickett, Raji and Jolly.
Some scouts salute the youngster for standing firm against double teams and making plays down the line. It should be remembered that Pickett also was a Buckeye and spent just three years in college before St. Louis took a flier on them with the 29th pick in 2001.
Hankins is regarded by most teams as just a nose tackle.
Jones doesn't have the size to play on the nose. However, scouts say they should be able to bulk up and play as a five-technique end in addition to working as the reduced end in the base defense and as a three-technique on passing downs.
If Jones can add good weight, they would provide the height at the position that Dom Capers has sought since their arrival four years ago. Their pass rush could be a real plus, too.
A red flag for Jones is the broken foot that required surgery and sidelined them for the entire 2010 season.
Sly Williams, on the other hand, is more versatile than either Hankins or Jones. Not only that, but they have become a highly conditioned athlete who would appeal even more to the Packers after recent developments.
A one-year player in high school, Williams said in an interview Wednesday that they weighed between 355 and 360 upon arrival at a junior college in 2009. Shortly thereafter, Williams embarked on a cardiovascular fitness and strength program that they have adhered to religiously ever since.
In 2011, their first season for the Tar Heels, Williams said their weight was between 325 and 330 as they played mostly nose tackle in addition to some three-technique in a 4-3.
When new coach Larry Fedora implemented a 4-2 base defense last season, Williams said they weighed between 305 and 310 playing a "penetrating" three-technique.
"I'm a point-of-attack guy and a penetrator," said Williams. "I was asked to play the point of attack my entire junior year as well as the Senior Bowl, but my senior year I was asked to penetrate gaps."
Last season, Williams suffered a high ankle sprain in practice before the sixth game but played through it.
"That's the worst injury I've ever had," they said. "I didn't miss very much practice time. I made myself practice. I made them allow me to practice."
Williams graduated on Dec. 16 with a degree in communications, a tremendous accomplishment for someone growing up in a rough section of St. Louis with a difficult family background. It's almost impossible to find a personnel man who doesn't salute their character.
"The most solid defensive lineman that has no chance of busting, solid as a rock, is Sylvester Williams," said Phil Savage, the Senior Bowl executive director and former personnel man with Baltimore and Cleveland.
Not that it matters one iota, Williams did meet with the Packers at the combine and Senior Bowl. Their only pre-draft visit was to Denver.
Based on sheer talent, Florida State's Tank Carradine might hold unique interest for Green Bay. According to the 273-pound Carradine, they could bulk up to play five-technique or trim down and play outside linebacker.
But forget about Carradine to Green Bay. No matter how remarkable their recovery has been from a blown knee, the Packers aren't in a mood to take on medical risks.
Ditto for Alabama's Eddie Lacy, the best running back. He's all beat up already, and with their punishing style of running it's questionable if they ever gets to a second contract.
Texas safety Kenny Vaccaro would walk in as a starter alongside Morgan Burnett. If available, they would have to be discussed.
Louisiana State's Eric Reid has even more size, speed and intelligence than Vaccaro, but in all probability you can rule them out because of major shoulder issues.
It seems possible that Notre Dame tight end Tyler Eifert could snake their way to No. 26 unless a club in the top 19 picks them or another team doesn't trade up to draft him.
Eifert is regarded as a perennial Pro Bowl player by some scouts. Jermichael Finley or not, the Packers would have to consider him.
Would they take Eifert?
Given all the lip service paid to following the board and taking the best player available, this isn't that kind of draft in Green Bay this year.
This will be a big man's draft for the Packers, and more than likely on defense first.
Check that. This will be a draft for big men in shape and of good health. Those with long injury histories and bad bodies need not apply.
Send email to bmcginn@journalsentinel.com
The Mercedes Future Bus. Daimler
Mercedes-Benz wants to completely change your bus-riding experience.
In July, the auto company unveiled its vision for the aptly named Future Bus— a semiautonomous bus that successfully completed a 12-mile route that included traffic lights, tunnels, and navigating around pedestrians.
To create the Future Bus, Mercedes built upon its platform for autonomous trucks to create a system optimized for buses dubbed City Pilot. It uses camera systems, radar sensors, and GPS to navigate safely.
But even though the Future Bus has autonomous features, Mercedes does not plan on releasing a fully driverless Future Bus.
"Driverless buses are not currently legally possible on public roads. Furthermore, this is not our aim," Andreas Mink, director of engineering electronics for the bus project, told Business Insider in an email. "On the contrary, the driver's job involves a lot of responsibility, and we want to make this job as easy as we can rather than do away with it."
The interior of the Future Bus. Mercedes-Benz
Where Mercedes is really pushing the envelope with its driverless bus is with its interior design that's composed of three different areas. The central area is called the "express zone" and is reserved space for standing passengers who have a short trip ahead. In the back there is a "lounge zone" for people who have longer trips ahead, and then there's a "service zone" near the driver where passengers can look up information.
"The interior design of the Future Bus offers numerous ideas for rethinking the tried-and-tested partitioning of the passenger compartment, which has remained essentially unchanged for decades," Mink said. "The aim of the interior design is to make the passenger compartment seem more relaxed and less strictly compartmentalized. It creates both open spaces and niches and areas to withdraw into."
Whether people will follow the seating arrangement will have to be seen, and Mink said that there won't be any features to guide people to the right area. But it's an interesting attempt to change the typically cramped bus interior, and Mink said that it still fits the standard 105 people.
Mercedes-Benz
Mercedes is also claiming that the future bus will be more fuel-efficient than buses on the road, thanks to it being semiautonomous.
"We are expecting a substantial reduction in fuel consumption [because of] the optimized acceleration and the anticipatory driving style thanks to early detection of bus stops and traffic lights as well as the influence networking has on these aspects," they said. "The consistent driving style lowers fuel consumption and therefore emissions, reduces wear, and is also passenger-friendly."
But it could also come with an electric drive system later on, Mink added.
It's still unclear when we'll see the Future Bus on the road, but Mercedes is investing roughly $227 million to develop its city buses by 2020. Mink added that the bus still needs further testing and that Mercedes is planning to add more driver-assistance features before it rolls out.
Things are heating up between the Toronto Blue Jays and the Boston Red Sox even before players hit the field for a crucial three-game match up Friday night in Toronto.
The Boston Pizza near the Rogers Centre has temporary changed its name to “Toronto Pizza” in support of the team.
A revised sign was unveiled Friday at the franchise's Front Street and John Street location in Toronto and the team joined in on the joke on Twitter:
Jays fans shouldn't feel too special, this isn't the first time the restaurant chain has pulled the stunt against a Boston team.
A Boston Pizza location in Vancouver changed its name to “Vancouver Pizza” during the 2011 Vancouver Canucks' playoff run and “Montreal Pizza” in the previous round in support of the Montreal Canadiens' series against the Boston Bruins.
READ MORE: Five things to look for as Toronto Blue Jays make playoff push
The Blue Jays are one game behind the Red Sox in the American League East and are hoping a return to the Rogers Centre will help them reclaim the top of the standings.
The team was knocked out of first place following a three-game sweep at the hands of the New York Yankees last weekend and all three teams are within striking distance of first place.
Okay, this is how you start your tenure at Kentucky with a bang.
In what is being described as a signing day shocker, Mark Stoops and their staff have convinced 4-star standout defensive end Za'Darius Smith to matriculate to Kentucky from East Mississippi Community College. Wescott Eberts of SBNation has the details:
In recent days, conventional wisdom held that four-star East Mississippi CC defensive end Za'Darius Smith was down to Mississippi State and Texas A&M, with Texas having an extreme outside shot of landing their services. Instead, Smith opted to sign with Kentucky on Wednesday, giving new head coach Mark Stoops the most significant recruiting coup of their short tenure.
This is on top of another highly-touted JUCO, Steven Borden, son of professional wrestler Steve Borden, AKA "Sting."
This is a pretty big pair of pickups for Stoops, considering their very short tenure as Kentucky head coach. Jennifer Smith of the Herald-Leader has more:
“I know this staff,” Smith said at their Wednesday news conference, according to the Montgomery Advertiser. “I just feel comfortable here. Coach Stoops is a defensive man. (Brumbaugh) coached me for a year and they got me where I need to be, as in all the SEC and ACC offers. I can continue that and just go on to bigger and better places with him.”
"Brumbaugh" is newly-hired UK assistant Jimmy Brumbaugh, who coached Smith for one year and recently signed on as the UK defensive line coach.
Steve Jones at the Courier-Journal also has more on the news.
Jeremy Browne, a Liberal Democrat, said there needs to be a national debate about whether the state should step in to protect young women from having the veil “imposed” on them.
Mr Browne said they are “instinctively uneasy” about banning behaviour, but suggested the measure may still be necessary to ensure freedom of choice for girls in Muslim communities.
The Home Office minister is the first senior Liberal Democrat to raise such deep concerns about Islamic dress in public places. A growing number of Conservative MPs also want the Government to consider a ban.
Nick Clegg, the Deputy Prime Minister, has suggested they may support banning the veil in classrooms, but downplayed the chances of wider restrictions.
They said: “My own view, I don't think we should end up like different countries where we tell people how they go about their business. I do think there is an issue with teachers in the classroom…that might be an area where a full veil might be inappropriate.”
The debate was given momentum last week when David Cameron's spokesperson said the Prime Minister would have no problem with the veil being banned in their children's schools.
Should the Government ban Muslim women from wearing veils in public places?
Tory MPs, including a vice-chairperson of the party, have now voiced support for Mr Browne.
Mr Browne told The Telegraph: “I think this is a good topic for national debate. People of liberal instincts will have competing notions of how to protect and promote freedom of choice.”
They added: “I am instinctively uneasy about restricting the freedom of individuals to observe the religion of their choice. That would apply to Christian minorities in the Middle East just as much as religious minorities here in Britain.
“But there is genuine debate about whether girls should feel a compulsion to wear a veil when society deems children to be unable to express personal choices about other areas like buying alcohol, smoking or getting married.
“We should be very cautious about imposing religious conformity on a society which has always valued freedom of expression.”
Their comments follow a political row last week over a decision by Birmingham Metropolitan College to ban veils.
The college was accused of discriminating against Muslims when it ordered all students, staff and visitors to remove face coverings so individuals are “easily identifiable at all times”. It then backtracked after a petition attracted 8,000 signatures in 48 hours and the policy drew criticism from politicians.
Under the current guidance, schools are entitled to set their own uniform policy.
Mr Cameron has so far declined to revisit the rules on veils in schools, but their position is coming under pressure as MPs from across the political spectrum speak out.
Downing Street has said the Prime Minister would support a ban on full-face veils in their children's schools, but insisted the final decision should rest with head teachers.
However, back-bench Tory MPs yesterday suggested that the rules should be changed to instruct schools to enforce a ban on face coverings.
Dr Sarah Wollaston, the MP for Totnes, said the veils are “deeply offensive” and are “making women invisible”. They suggested that the niqab should be banned in schools and colleges.
Writing for The Telegraph, they said: “It would be a perverse distortion of freedom if we knowingly allowed the restriction of communication in the very schools and colleges which should be equipping girls with skills for the modern world. We must not abandon our cultural belief that women should fully and equally participate in society.”
Bob Neill, a vice-chairperson of the Conservative Party, backed Mr Browne's call for a national debate about a ban. “I do think we need to have a serious conversation about it,” they said.
They said that schools should be able to ban children who persist in covering their faces in lessons.
“Schools should be allowed to say if you want to go into lessons in our schools you have got to comply with the rules,” they said. “You can't allow the teaching of the majority to be undermined, to be disrupted by that.”
Schools and colleges are given the freedom to set their own policies on uniform covering areas such as the length of skirts and suitable haircuts.
Guidance from the Department for Education states that it should be possible for various religious beliefs to be accommodated within individual institutions' policies.
The right to a particular religious dress code is safeguarded by the Human Rights Act 1998 and must be followed by schools and colleges, it is claimed.
But the guidance says that teachers can lawfully impose policies that “restrict the freedom of pupils to manifest their religion” – for example, by covering their face or carrying the traditional Sikh kirpan dagger – on various grounds.
The DfE guidance, last issued in 2012, says: “Where a school has good reason for restricting an individual's freedoms, for example, to ensure effective teaching, the promotion of cohesion and good order in the school, the prevention of bullying, or genuine health and safety or security considerations, then the restriction of an individual's rights to manifest their religion or belief may be justified.”
Peter Bone, the Tory MP for Wellingborough, said: “From a security point of view you need to be able to see the faces of people – in the House of Commons when we go through a division [to vote] we are not allowed to cover our face. There is a security issue here that is worth debating.”
Last week a judge allowed a defendant to enter a plea in a Crown Court case while wearing a full niqab.  They are expected to give a ruling on whether they will be allowed to wear the veil throughout their trial, which is due to take place at Blackfriars Crown Court in November.
This post was originally going to be just a follow-up on my recent post about internal consistency and the use of detail. In most ways, it still is. But where that post was about using those tools for the essentially defensive purpose of establishing plausibility, this post is about using them for the proactive purpose of world-building.
Once again, I'm going to use works from the fantasy genre as examples, because, once again, fantasy gives the most freedom when choosing what kind of world you want to build. Science fiction must give at least the pretense of being science-based, and horror must at least look like a familiar world, if only so the horrific revelation that that world is a lie has that much more impact. In contrast, a fantasy world – as Terry Pratchet's Discworld and the world of the Exalted role-playing game, as discussed in the previous post prove – doesn't even have to be a round planet.
The two works I'm going to use are both set on round planets (…I'm pretty sure. We only see one hemisphere of each, but one is supposedly set on our own world and the other has a standard scientific version of outer space), but are otherwise extreme ends of the spectrum in terms of fantasy world-building: J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle Earth, and the world of Avatar: The Last Airbender.
Tolkien's works are an example of extremely conservative fantasy world-building. This may seem strange to say about a world that includes magic – not only magic spells, but magic rings, magic swords, magic doors, magic battering rams – and no less than eight non-human sapient species (and that's before you even count the spirits and undead!). But if you look again, you'll notice that all of the fantastic elements are so distant from the everyday life of human society that many residents of Middle-Earth consider them as fantastic as we would. Magic is rare, usually subtle, and can only be used by a select few…none of whom are ordinary members of the Race of Men. The closest thing we see to a human using magic is Aragorn (member of a not-entirely-human super race) call upon the oaths of the Dead Men Of Dunharrow (which involved no personal power) and using athelas to treat Black Breath exposure, which may have been a simple case of herbal knowledge (or may not; rightful kings having healing powers are established parts of European lore).
But then, we don't see many members of other races using magic, either. Even among the elves, the only confirmed magic-users we see are Elrond and Galadriel. The dwarves of the Lonely Mountain sing of the “dwarves of yore” weaving “mighty spells” with their smithcraft, but that knowledge may be lost. Certainly, it wasn't Gimli who figured out how to open the door into Moria. Similarly, while the orcs inscribe Black Speech runes into various equipment, the actual spells laid on, say, Grond probably came from the Nazgul.
What's more, magic is so slow and subtle that those who use it often doesn't depend on it. Even such powerful magic-users as Gandalf, Sauron and the Witch-King carry and use what amount to enhanced melee weapons.
Indeed, it's implied that one of the things that's wrong with Saruman is their dependence on magic – and even they recognize the need to put Uruk-hai boots on the ground, and brings down the walls of Helm's Deep with chemistry instead of sorcery!
Similarly, the non-human sapient races are kept carefully segregated from humanity. Elves – the ones who aren't leaving for the Grey Havens – are largely limited to Rivendell, Lothlorien and Mirkwood. Of those, humans are only allowed into Rivendell, where few of them go because it's on the very edge of the Wild. The Dwarves come out of their mountain-halls less and less by the year. Orcs and trolls are in a war of extinction with every other race, and without their supernatural patron, they're losing. The Eagles, the Ents, and dragons are all simply rare. The Hobbits, tucked away in the Shire as they are, still have the most interaction with humans of any non-human race…which is how they eventually join us.
While many of these things have become defaults for the fantasy genre in the decades since Tolkien wrote them, for Tolkien themselves they were deliberate stylistic choices. Middle Earth was intended to be our world in a mythic prehistory, and the theme of the story was that the world was decaying from “the bright and the beautiful” down into the bleak and mundane. In other words, the departure (or assimilation) of the non-human sapients and the fading of magic was the whole point.
By contrast, Avatar: The Last Airbender takes advantage of the freedom of the fantasy genre to build a world that is more…well, fantastic. Granted, there is exactly one non-human sapient species (again, not counting the spirits), and they're nearly extinct. On the other hand, magic is sufficiently commonplace and dependable that it's indistinguishable from technology.
For those unfamiliar with Avatar, it's set in a world where approximately 25% of the population has the ability to control – or “bend” – one of the four classic elements. There are four different nations, each apparently based on the element that its citizens can control: the Water Tribes, the Fire Nation, the Earth Kingdom, and the Air Nomads.
It's not entirely clear why the division of elemental bending is so well-defined. Whether each people's national character determines which element they bend or whether their national character has been shaped by their element is something of a chicken-or-the-egg question.
In any case, the everyday availability of magic has – as it did in The One Rose Trilogy – replaced, or precluded the development of, certain technologies. On the other hand, some magic-based technologies take the world to a more advanced level than one might expect for a world that's at a medieval tech level overall.
For example, many of the larger Earth Kingdom cities don't have city gates. Why would they, when a guard can simply open the stone wall? What's more, the city of Omashu uses earthbending to create a mail-delivery system (stone bins telekinetically pushed around a system of stone chutes), while the capital city of Ba Sing Se has a mass-transit system (stone trains pushed down stone tracks by earthbenders).
The Water Tribes live at the North and South Poles, with a smaller “lost” tribe in the Great Foggy Swamp. The Southern Water Tribe's waterbenders have all been killed or captured in the ongoing war with the Fire Nation (thus largely killing the concept of women warriors in the tribe – see the Fire Nation for more on that topic), but the Northern Tribe waterbenders control virtually the entire environment. Not only do they provide the tribe's defenses (meeting approaching Fire Nation ships with icebergs and water jets), they've constructed a great walled city out of ice, and they can act as propulsion systems for boats. They've even developed waterbending into a form of dance. Unfortunately, the tribe is extremely chauvinistic, and women are restricted to learning the aspects of waterbending that involve magical healing (it's unclear if any men learn those skills so they can have battlefield medics, or if healing is considered women's work).
Then we come to the Fire Nation. When I mentioned surprising levels of technological advancement, I was mostly thinking of them. In a world where the other peoples are still using human or animal muscle for most things, the Fire Nation has developed coal-driven tanks (which generally have a hatch through which soldiers can throw fire instead of cannon) and coal-fed iron ships. Over the course of the series, they even develop military-grade airships. This is why they're winning the war. Well, that, and the fact that, unlike the Water Tribes, they long ago decided that you don't tell a person who can shoot fire from their fingertips that they can't fight just because they have a uterus.
The Air Nomads were pretty much wiped out by the Fire Nation's first strike (thus the show's name), so we only get a few glimpses of their culture. However, those glimpses include “Air Temples” that are extremely difficult to reach without the ability to fly, and doors within those temples that can only be opened with airbending.
Note that the airbenders' own flight abilities – dependent on small gliders and controlled winds – are actually quite limited. For long-distance travel purposes, they would ride flying bison.
Yes. This world is so saturated with magic that creatures with natural magical ability are pack animals.
Other than the ubiquitous elemental bending, the world of Avatar: The Last Airbender has other, less common forms of magic. One town in the Earth Kingdom has made the local fortune teller their leader. The only problem is that the townsfolk then become dependent on their (real and effective) powers. Also, Chi and its flow within the body is as real and well-understood as, say, blood circulation. One of the non-bender characters has even developed a martial art that can knock out, paralyze, or disable bending with a touch at the right chi-flow pressure point.
In the sequel series, Avatar: The Legend of Korra, technology has advanced to a level comparable to the early Twentieth century on our world: cars, radios…electricity supplied by firebenders who can produce lightning, professional bending leagues, political movements condemning the unfairness of benders' dominant position in society…
In other words, it's a world that, based on one difference, has branched off to become completely unlike our own. Completely…fantastic. And yet you believe in it. It feels real. Because the creators built it from the ground up. They imagined all the ways the presence of magic would change society – all the ways people would use it, because people are still people – all the ways it would change war, politics, design, art, and even sports. And then they showed us.
Consistency. And detail.
Advertisements
In a significant transition for our newspaper and our popular website, the Toronto Star will launch a paid-subscription program in 2013 for full access to all the stories and features on our website, thestar.com.
This move will provide a new source of revenue for the Star that will help support our ability to provide readers of both our print and online editions with the best and most comprehensive package of news and information in Canada.
Under the plan, most print subscribers to the Toronto Star will receive free full access to thestar.com's content, wherever and however they want.
Complete details of the program, including how to register and how much we will charge, will be released in the coming months.
At the same time, we will be introducing new and innovative features on thestar.com, designed to provide a rich, multimedia experience that will satisfy the interests of readers and address the needs of advertisers.
A sports supplement featured in a USA TODAY investigation is now found to contain a methamphetamine-like chemical that could put people's health at risk.
The pre-workout supplement Craze, sold by Driven Sports, was named 2012 New Supplement of the Year by bodybuilding.com. (Photo: Alison Young, USA TODAY) Story Highlights Craze and Detonate contain the compound, researchers say
Similar to meth, the chemical could cause health risks
Latest news falls in the wake of a USA TODAY investigation
A popular and controversial sports supplement widely sold in the USA and other countries is secretly spiked with a chemical similar to methamphetamine that appears to have its origins as an illicit designer recreational drug, according to new tests by scientists in the USA and South Korea.
The test results on samples of Craze, a pre-workout powder made by New York-based Driven Sports and marketed as containing only natural ingredients, raise significant health and regulatory concerns, the researchers said.
The U.S. researchers also said they found the same methamphetamine-like chemical in another supplement, Detonate, which is sold as an all-natural weight loss pill by another company: Gaspari Nutrition.
"These are basically brand-new drugs that are being designed in clandestine laboratories where there's absolutely no guarantee of quality control," said Pieter Cohen, an assistant professor at Harvard Medical School and a co-author of the analysis of Craze samples being published today in the peer-reviewed scientific journal Drug Testing and Analysis.
"It has never been studied in the human body," Cohen warned. "Yes, it might make you feel better or have you more pumped up in your workout, but the risks you might be putting your body under of heart attack and stroke are completely unknown."
Craze, which is marketed as giving "unrelenting energy and focus" in workouts, was named 2012's "New Supplement of the Year" by Bodybuilding.com. A USA TODAY investigation published in July reported on other tests detecting amphetamine-like compounds in Craze.
While Walmart.com and several online retailers have stopped selling Craze in the wake of USA TODAY's investigation, the product has continued to be sold elsewhere online and in GNC stores. In recent weeks, Driven Sports' website, which offers Craze for sale, has said the product is out of stock. Detonate is sold by a variety of online retailers.
An attorney for Driven Sports, Marc Ullman, said the company had no comment on the latest findings that the compounds are actually more closely related to methamphetamine.
"We have previously provided USA Today with a plethora of data from a DEA Certified Lab indicating the absence of any amphetamine-like compound in Craze," Ullman said in an e-mail. "In light of USA Today's decision to ignore the data we have provided, we respectfully decline to comment for your story."
Officials at Gaspari Nutrition in Lakewood, N.J., did not respond to interview requests.
Because of the government shutdown, officials with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which oversees dietary supplements, could not be reached for comment. Calls to the Drug Enforcement Administration also weren't returned.
Cohen said researchers informed the FDA in May about finding the new chemical compound in Craze. The team found the compound — N,alpha-diethylphenylethylamine — has a structure similar to methamphetamine, a powerful, highly addictive, illegal stimulant drug. They believe the new compound is likely less potent than methamphetamine but greater than ephedrine.
"There are suggestions about how it's tweaked that it should not be as addictive as meth," Cohen said. But because it hasn't been studied, they said, its dangers aren't known. The team said it began testing Craze in response to several failed urine drug tests by athletes who said they had taken Craze.
Driven Sports has issued repeated statements in recent months that Craze does not contain any amphetamine-like compounds, including posting test results on its website that it says prove the product is clean. In July, a USA TODAY investigation revealed that a top Driven Sports official — Matt Cahill — is a convicted felon who has a history of selling risky dietary supplements, including products with ingredients linked to severe liver injury and at least one death. Cahill is currently facing federal charges in California involving their introduction of another supplement, Rebound XT, to the market in 2008 that contained an estrogen-reducing drug, and this spring a grand jury was also investigating, USA TODAY has reported.
Matt Cahill has cultivated an image as a designer of cutting-edge dietary supplements. Their current company, Driven Sports, markets a top-selling pre-workout powder called Craze. (Photo: Handout)
The newspaper's investigation, which focused on several products sold over the years by Cahill's changing series of companies, reported that tests by the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency in June 2012 and a government-affiliated forensic lab in Sweden in April 2013 had detected undisclosed amphetamine-like compounds in samples of Craze.
A month after USA TODAY published its report about Cahill and Craze, a team of South Korean scientists published an article in a journal of the Japanese Association of Forensic Toxicology saying they had found a methamphetamine-like compound in samples of Candy Grape flavor and Berry Lemonade flavor Craze.
The researchers, from the National Forensic Service in South Korea and the National Institute for Public Health and the Environment in the Netherlands, noted that the compound found in Craze was the same as that found in a crystalline powder seized by narcotics agents in December 2011 as a suspected illicit designer drug. In that case the powder was found in an unclaimed lost package shipped from Vietnam to South Korea, according to an earlier journal article published by the team in late 2012. "It appeared that the recipient of this article sought to abuse this chemical in the same way as amphetamines. There is a possibility that this chemical will be widely abused for recreational use in the near future," they wrote at the time.
Instead, the same team soon found the compound in Craze.
The researchers noted that the compound had been patented in 1988 by Knoll Pharmaceuticals with claims of psychoactive effects, such as enhancing mental activities and pain tolerance. While it was never developed into a medicine, the patent described tests on animals and suggested an intended oral dose of 10 mg to 150 mg, with a target of 30 mg.
A suggested serving size of Craze yielded a dose of the compound of about 23 mg, the Japanese journal article said, and "it could be assumed that NADEP was added to the supplements intentionally for its pharmacological effects without adequate labeling."
The U.S. research team also found the meth-like substance at levels of 21 mg to 35 mg per serving in each of the samples tested from three separate lots of crazes.
Craze's label does not disclose the compound found by the researchers. Instead it says the product contains dendrobium orchid extract that was concentrated for different phenylethylamine compounds. Phenylethylamines include a variety of chemicals "that range from benign compounds found in chocolate to synthetically produced illicit drugs," according to the U.S. researchers.
The U.S. researchers noted that an "extensive" search of scientific literature does not find any evidence that the compound listed on Craze's label has ever been documented as a component of dendrobium orchid extract. The U.S. research team included Cohen; John Travis, a scientist at NSF International, a Michigan-based testing and standards organization that has a dietary supplement certification program; and Bastiaan Venhuis of the National Institute for Public Health and the Environment in the Netherlands.
Although not part of the journal article being published today, NSF International announced that in separate testing they also have detected the same methamphetamine-like compound in the weight-loss supplement Detonate sold by Gaspari Nutrition. "Regulators may want to consider taking action to warn consumers," NSF International said in a statement. Gaspari markets Detonate as containing "dendrobium extract."
Last year Driven Sports posted a series of blog items on its website alerting customers that counterfeit versions of Craze were being sold. "Could there be counterfeit products, of course," Cohen said. "Chances are this is more likely an effort by the manufacturer to distract regulators and consumers from what's really going on here."
Read continuing coverage of USA TODAY's "Supplement Shell Game" series at supplements.usatoday.com.
Follow USA TODAY investigative reporter Alison Young on Twitter: @alisonannyoung
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ge9Fxz
When the New York Times's chief film critics ranked the best movies of the century so far, many readers were surprised by the work at No. 2: Hayao Miyazaki's animated “Spirited Away.” The rest of us wondered why it wasn't No. 1.
Spoiler alert: Spirited Away” is first on my list, a personal ranking of all the feature films (including a few outliers) of Mr. Miyazaki's production company, the legendary animation house Studio Ghibli. The 32-year-old company's output has been modest but its influence is profound. Some of its biggest fans routinely copy Ghibli's moves for their work at Pixar and DreamWorks.
The occasion for the list is a new, handsomely packaged edition of nearly all the Ghibli films by the distributor Gkids. It's particularly significant because Ghibli is opposed to streaming video for aesthetic and commercial reasons. So beyond occasional screenings — like a series showing “Spirited Away” in select theaters around the country Oct. 29 to Nov. 1 — and a handful of titles streaming legally, discs are the only way to go.
Here's my list. From top to bottom, it's full of worlds you'll want to get lost in.
The cold blast of northerly air today may seem to contradict migration movement, but some birds are going to show up no matter what.
Large numbers of swallows, especially Tree and Barn Swallows, dominated many bodies of water today. Purple Martins and hundreds of other swallows are at Budd Lake. Lake Musconetcong has Purple Martins and Cliff Swallows. Bank Swallows are reported from Somerset County.
Ovenbird, Blue-headed Vireos, Black-throated Green Warbler, Northern Waterthrush, Rose-breasted Grosbeak, Gray Catbird and Ruby-throated Hummingbird are some of the arrivals reported the past few days in Morris and Somerset Counties.
Loons and Grebes are absent at certain Morris Lakes as of today. Boonton Reservoir is holding on to a sampling of these species. A Red-necked Grebe, 2 Horned Grebes and a not-quite-completely-alternate-plumed Common Loon were at the north end this afternoon.
There are many reports this time of year, too many to include in a daily newsletter. For further details and to see what people are seeing in the mocosocoBirds region, see local eBirdChecklists viewed via eBird's Region Explorer. Use the following links:
The eBird Hotspot Primer is here and can also be accessed via the Hotspot menu item on the mocosocoBirds.com website.
@mocosocoBirds at Twitter is another communications stream. Instant field reports and links of interest are tweeted throughout the day. The latest tweets appear on the sidebar of this page. One can follow mocosocoBirds at Twitter or link to @mocosocoBirds.
Finis
A few years ago, I attended an open Alcoholics Anonymous meeting to support a friend in recovery. During a brief break, it was impossible not to notice how many attendees rushed outside for a cigarette. Epidemiological studies have long linked smoking to other forms of addiction—but, to date, they have been unable to establish any direct biological connections. A study published in the Nov. 2 issue of Science Translational Medicine, however, has now demonstrated how nicotine may accelerate both the cellular and epigenetic processes underlying addiction, providing the first biological explanation of a “gateway” drug.
A gateway to harder drugs
The Drug Abuse Resistance Education (D.A.R.E.) organization defines a gateway drug as one “that opens the door to the use of other, harder drugs.” Common gateway drugs include tobacco, alcohol and marijuana—substances that are both inexpensive and easily obtained by most people. But while many epidemiological studies have correlated early use of tobacco or marijuana with later use of hard drugs like cocaine or heroin, researchers have been unable to identify any direct links.
“Science is driven by the technology and tools available. You cannot look where there is darkness, where there is no way of exploring,” says Nora Volkow, director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA). “In the past, epidemiological studies were not able to pay sufficient attention to the biology involved because they did not have the tools to explore it. That is changing now.”
So when Denise Kandel, a professor of sociomedical sciences at Columbia University's Mailman School of Public Health, learned more about some research on cocaine and learning led by their husband, famed Columbia University neuroscientist Eric Kandel, they thought the biological tools to examine the relationship between nicotine and cocaine addiction might finally be available. To study the question of the gateway sequence, the two embarked on their first scientific collaboration in 55 years of marriage.
Priming the brain for addiction
To test nicotine's effects as a gateway drug, the Kandels and their colleagues exposed mice alternately to nicotine and cocaine and then looked at the animal's behavior as well as changes to synaptic plasticity in the striatum, a dopamine-rich area of the brain that has long been linked to reward processing and addiction. They found that the animals that received nicotine both just before and during cocaine administration showed not only a bigger behavioral response to the harder drug (as measured by locomotor sensitization and conditioned place preference tests), but also significant reduction in long-term potentiation in striatal neurons. These effects were only seen with the nicotine pre-treatment—and then only when cocaine was administered at the same time as the nicotine.
“What we found is that nicotine stimulates the synaptic connectors in the brain involving the dopaminergic circuitry, inhibiting it,” says Eric Kandel. “And nicotine pretreatment, having that nicotine prior to cocaine, enhances that effect dramatically.” (Eric Kandel, who won the 2000 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine, is also a vice-chairperson of the Dana Alliance for Brain Initiatives.)
An epigenetic mechanism
Epigenetics is a blossoming field in neurobiology that looks at the ways that the environment can directly influence genes by either increasing or decreasing their activity. One way it does so is a process called acetylation. In each cell, DNA is wrapped around a core of alkaline proteins called histones. These proteins have long tails that sometimes stick out of their double-helix shell. Through natural cell chemistry, acetyl groups can attach to those tails, creating space between DNA strands and upping production of the associated protein. The enzyme histone deacetylase, however, removes those acetyl groups, decreasing gene transcription.
When the Kandels and their colleagues looked at transcriptional activation of FosB, one of the genes linked to addiction, they found that the nicotine pre-treatment inhibited histone deacetylase, dramatically increasing transcription of FosB proteins in the striatum.
“Acetylation is necessary for gene activation. Deacetylation shuts the gene off. We found that deacetylation is inhibited by nicotine. We could actually use an off-the-shelf inhibitor drug and simulate exactly what nicotine does at every single point,” says Eric Kandel. “It appears that nicotine is a very powerful precursor and starts this gateway sequence for addiction in the brain by inhibiting a shut-off mechanism for FosB. “
Going back to the epidemiology
While many epidemiological studies have shown that smoking and cocaine addiction are related, none had previously looked at exactly how addicts were using nicotine in relation to their cocaine abuse. After they saw the mouse test results, Denise Kandel went back to epidemiological data sets to see if addicts did smoke cigarettes and use cocaine concurrently.
“The rates of addiction to cocaine were twice as high among those who were actually smoking at the time they started using cocaine,” they say. “It was nice confirmation of the mouse experiment. It would seem exposure to nicotine while using cocaine not only increases the risk of continuing to use cocaine but of becoming addicted.”
Starting a new field
Both the biological and the epidemiological communities have hailed this study as a major breakthrough. Volkow, at a National Institutes of Health press conference at the Neuroscience 2011 conference, called the paper “transformative.”
“This is the first study that documents the mechanism of a gateway theory for addiction biologically,” they said. “It provides evidence that indeed early exposure with drugs can prime your brain to the rewarding effects of other drugs.”
Volkow hopes researchers will do more such integrative work on aspects of drug addiction. And they hope that the Kandels will expand their model, testing these effects on adolescent instead of adult mice as well as with other potential gateway drugs.
The Kandels and colleagues are currently using the same model to look at alcohol as a gateway to cocaine addiction. And Eric Kandel is hopeful that this study will pave the way for more translational epidemiology studies.
“We need to be doing more of this. There is a lot of good epidemiological data out there,” they say. “And more than just pointing out this gateway sequence, I hope that this paper calls attention to the fact that one can really take epidemiological findings and explore them in molecular detail. With luck, this work will stimulate a whole new field.”
Emma's dream is over after fashion line flops
No magic touch: The Harry Potter actor was disappointed their clothing range did not impress shoppers
Emma Watson has put their dream of building an eco-friendly clothing empire on hold because their line for ethical label People Tree has failed to sell.
The 21-year-old Harry Potter star, who has also collaborated with Italian designer Alberta Ferretti in the past, is now concentrating on their studies at Oxford University instead.
‘Emma was so disappointed,' says a source. ‘But even at knockdown prices, the clothes were still sitting on the shelves. She's also stalled on plans to do more with Ferretti because they don't have time.'
Twilight star Kristen Stewart has been keeping busy between takes on the set of their latest movie Snow White And The Huntsman.
The 21-year-old has started their first novel and has asked their mother Jules, a scriptwriter, to help them find a publisher.
‘Kristen began by writing short stories,' says a friend. ‘She has been working on their novel while filming and has almost finished it. She's desperate to be a published writer in their own right.'
They say Wales will always be home – but that hasn't stopped Katherine Jenkins house-hunting in Los Angeles. Following their decision to appear on the hit TV show Dancing With The Stars, mezzo-soprano Katherine, 31, is renting an apartment in Beverly Hills and is already so smitten with LA that they want to buy a property there. ‘If Katherine cracks America – and it looks as if they may well do – then they will need a base there,' says a chum. The singer split from fiance Gethin Jones last year.
Nat doesn't bother with Big Brother
Ladylike: Prince Harry's friend Natasha Rufus-Isaacs turned down thousands to be on the reality TV show
Lady Natasha Rufus Isaacs has rejected a big money offer to star in Celebrity Big Brother.
The 28-year-old daughter of the Marquess of Reading was offered thousands to appear in the Channel 5 reality series but, given their close connections to the Royal Family – they are one of Prince Harry's best friends – Nats turned it down.
‘Nats is desperate to promote their clothing range, Beulah, which is made by women who have escaped the Indian sex trade,' says a friend.
‘She also wants to remain loyal to their inner circle.'
The act of cannibalism is nothing new to the world, though rarely practiced in today's society, for obvious reasons. According to several different media sources this gruesome act has made a major comeback over the last few years taking the crime spotlight over the last several weeks.
Though most of the cannibalistic acts, such as Rudy Eugene's attack on a homeless man in Miami, or Otty Sanchez' violent murder of their child before feasting on their brain, do not fit the description of the typical zombie, they match up quite well to the rage type viruses found in movies like The Crazies only on a smaller more contained level.
Local police departments and the local media were immediately making drug related excuses for these violent acts, claiming the attackers were using a street drug called Bath Salts. Though I do agree that drugs such as this and synthetic marijuana can't possibly be good for you, I could never bring myself to believe they were causing people to crave human flesh.
Several weeks after the grizzly murders toxicology reports cams back on Rudy Eugene, no bath salts or other synthetic drugs were found in their system, only a small trace of marijuana.
Blockchains for an Open Zero-rating network 18 Jun 2017 Reading time ~8 minutes
Background
In 2013 Mark Zuckerberg published a 10 page whitepaper[1] elaborating a fact that majority of the world population does not have access to the Internet. This paper highlighted the importance of connectivity and how critical it was for developing regions to be part of this free flow of information.
In 2013 Facebook partnered with 6 other companies, to launch Internet.org[2] and provide selected services to developing countries for free. While Internet.org took off in a few countries, it received massive criticism after being introduced in India in 2015. Internet.org was amongst the few zero-rating networks introduced. Concerns that zero-rating networks controlled by private organizations put free speech and right to information at risk stopped them from gaining widespread acceptance[3].
Today the numbers on connectivity look slightly better than they were in 2013. A few hundred million users plus; almost 40% of the world population today has Internet access[4]. At least 4 billion users are yet to receive their right to connectivity.
How Zero-rating networks work
Internet Service Providers (ISPs) face costs when connecting to computers present on other networks that require ISPs to connect to a public Internet backbone. The volume of data usually dictates the pricing[5]. The primary goal of a zero-rating network is to keep costs at a minimum, and offer the network as an incentive to their customers. While there is no hard and fast rule, implementing a zero-rating Network could be done in the following few ways.
Edge Caching
It is in interest of zero Rating networks to maintain a local copy of the data to be delivered to their users and avoid round trips outside the network. Caching of data isn't that uncommon amongst ISPs[6]. But caching the whole Internet brings massive storage economics into picture. This has led ISPs to provide selected services either hosted or cached on their own network in order to keep storage costs controlled.
Proxy
ISPs can also choose to partner with web services that can invest in maintaining a zero-rating network. Internet.org does not cache web pages. It provides a free proxy to these selected services by partnering with developers and Telecom operators[7]. It is interest of Internet companies like Facebook to act as an entry-point for this new wave of Internet users.
The concern with Zero-rating networks
Zero-rating network implementations so far have involved a central authority in shape of a private partnership that maintains control over the network. Even with complete transparency, there are very few legal safe guards stopping such an authority from blocking free speech or creating preferences over a network that they legally own. Such a privately administered network serving 2/3rds of the world population puts free flow of information at risk.
An Ideal Zero-rating network
Following would act as key factors in creating a sustainable zero-rating network.
Network operators should have clear oversight on storage and bandwidth costs.
Content creators and service providers should have uniform costs to publish and maintain their services on the network.
Content creators and Service providers should have open access to publishing tools.
User should have up-to-date access to content, or be notified of out-of-date or delayed content state.
The network should remain open for multiple network providers to participate.
A Zero-rating network need not be a complete substitute to the Internet. The network should be able to facilitate basic services like weather feeds, stock prices, news snippets, public sector announcements.
Capability to carry out financial transactions, contributing to polls on the network can be considered a value addition.
Blockchains for Zero-rating networks
Blockchains are distributed immutable ledgers maintained by allowing transactions on the ledger backed by cryptographic security. Integrity of the ledger is maintained by consensus in the network[8].
Open Administration
Any individual, organization, foundation, government or network operator across the globe can practically participate in a public blockchain network, putting administration in the hands of the network consensus. Content creators and service providers can remain assured that their creation would reflect the same on every zero-rating service provided globally.
Portable Identity
Identity on blockchains like that of Ethereum is created using asymmetric cryptographic algorithms like ECDSA. These algorithms can generate an account address and access key even in absence of a network[9].
Multiple network providers participating in a public blockchain will allow users to carry their identity across providers. This prevents provider lock-in for users of a zero-rating network.
Content size
Every node in the blockchain maintains a copy of the ledger. The full ledger size of the Ethereum blockchain is ~100GB at time of writing. Factoring in growth after popularity of such a network, an Edge Cache could be a few Terabytes in size[10]. The deterministic size would allow network operators to maintain a budget for the network.
Content creation
In case of Ethereum - creating or transacting with smart contracts that can store content, or act as a service requires “gas”. Gas can be bought with Ether (Ethereum's native crypto currency). The cost involved in content/service creation ensures that the network is not spammed. This keeps the network size in control.
Network providers can allow users to add or update data on the network using Smart contracts. Gas prices can be paid by users using mobile wallets to sign to their transactions.
Content consumtion
Making calls to smart contracts that do not add or update data on the network do not involve any costs in terms of gas. Smart contracts can be queried on the Edge Cache, with limited computation on behalf of the network provider[11].
Readonly nodes
Based on their capability, network providers can choose to offer readonly services. In which case, network providers can choose to sync their ledgers periodically. Under such circumstances, network providers can indicate the latest block number on the public blockchain alongside the latest block number on their version of the ledger including the next scheduled update.
Readonly nodes can prove to be ideal for networks that provide free wifi hotspots and allow users to query the state of the blockchain. Farmers in remote areas for instance can use a daily updated readonly node to access weather feeds, crop information, market prices, etc.
Services on the Blockchain
Secure Identity
Algorithms like ECDSA provide military grade security to accounts held by network users[12]. These identities can be integrated into systems outside the blockchain network. Governments, private organisations and Internet services can listen for transactions from these identities to carry out operations outside the blockchain.
Governance
Governments can associate identities on the blockchain with their Citizenship ID, allowing citizens to participate in government polls over a zero-rating network. Governments can ensure with such capability; every citizen has access to information and ability to convey their opinion.
Banking
Blockchain identities can be used to securely sign transactions to be picked up by banking services to send or receive funds.
Apps
While it is not economical to host smart phone applications on the blockchain, they can be delivered to user devices over the Internet. Once an application is installed on a user's device, the user can utilize the application to interact with smart contracts over a zero-rating network.
Applications like any blockchain based solution can allow users to import their identity, set RPC nodes to make calls or send transactions to.
Roadblocks
While consuming data would remain free for users on a blockchain based zero-rating network, there are costs associated with creating content. User willing to add content over the network will have to bear the costs themselves, or delegate these costs to willing sponsors in shape of mining pools or service providers.
Reaching an agreement on the choice of a public blockchain would also require network providers to come together and understand the real requirements of their users. This also puts pressure on foundations and communities backing these public blockchains to deliver solutions that make it easier to onboard users who struggle to gain access to the open Internet.
Conclusion
Public blockchains as a medium to deliver content to zero-rating network users will remove the threats of central administration. Such a network will not replace the Internet, but act as an entry point for users to the Internet. At the same time, the limitations of such a blockchain powered network, would incentivize users to move to the open Internet whenever accessible/affordable.
Edge Cached blockchain nodes (especially readonly nodes) can prove to be an economical, technically feasible and yet open entry point for users who have limited or no access to the Internet. Network providers can ensure that their costs are kept under control, and users are incentivized for choosing their network.
References
The Food Allergen Labeling and Consumer Protection Act of 2004 was designed to help consumers avoid potentially dangerous food, but low dose allergen content may become a selling point to parents who wish to desensitize their children to food allergens.
In the past few decades, the number of children with food allergies has risen at an alarming rate. Although some claim this increase is due to parental misdiagnosis, skin prick studies have confirmed the sudden increase in allergies. National skin prick test surveys from 1976 to 1994 have shown a 2.1 to 5.5-fold increase in positive prick test responses for common allergens. In the most recent national survey, 8.6% of those tested had positive skin reactions to peanuts.
Food allergies in children are especially dangerous as common allergens like peanuts, tree nuts, milk, and eggs are ubiquitous in the American diet. There is increasing evidence that early exposure to low doses food allergens could desensitize children and prevent the development of allergies. In a peanut allergy twin study, only 9 of 14 identical twin pairs shared peanut allergies indicating there was a large environmental component in allergy development. Differences in twin responses may be due to unintentional oral immunotherapy.
Oral immunotherapy, the gradual desensitization to allergens through low doses of allergens mixed into food, has been shown to greatly reduce or eliminate children's allergic reactions to peanuts. Peanut oral immunotherapy for children is now routinely offered by some clinics, but is not covered by most insurance plans requiring several thousand dollars out of pocket. Clinical oral immunotherapy can be effective in less than 4 months, but more gradual exposure could reduce risks of adverse reactions that currently require clinical observation.
A more economical solution to the increasing rate of childhood food allergies is to add low doses (micrograms) of the eight common food allergens to baby food and baby formula. While some children may have mild reactions to low doses, these reactions could prevent anaphylaxis upon accidental exposure to high doses of food allergens.
© 2012 by Scientastica
CLOSE Vice President Mike Pence was the tie-breaking vote as the Senate voted to advance the GOP health care bill that aims to repeal and replace Obamacare. USA TODAY
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell speaks to reporters during a news conference on Capitol Hill on July 25, 2017. (Photo11: Justin Sullivan, Getty Images)
WASHINGTON — The Senate launched into an uncertain legislative adventure Tuesday, as Majority Leader Mitch McConnell cajoled enough of their Republican colleagues to begin consideration of legislation to repeal Obamacare despite having no idea what the final bill will look like.
Without a single Democratic vote, 50 Republicans voted to begin Senate debate on a House-passed bill to repeal and replace Obamacare, a move Republicans have been promising voters for seven years. Sens. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Susan Collins of Maine both voted no on the "motion to proceed," leaving Vice President Pence to cast the tie-breaking vote to approve the motion and start the legislative debate.
The House bill — which President Trump has said is too “mean” — is unlikely to survive; McConnell quickly moved to replace it with a Senate-crafted version, but there were not enough votes to pass that either. Tuesday's vote opened the door for several days of amendments to get the Senate to a bill that can stand for a final vote by the end of the week. Under the rules McConnell is using, the final bill will only need the votes of 50 Republican senators to pass.
Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., returning to the Senate after surgery last week to remove a blood clot that resulted in a brain cancer diagnosis, arrived late to the Senate floor and was greeted with a standing ovation from their colleagues. They voted in favor of debating the bill but then gave a speech excoriating the process the Senate is using to craft the legislation and suggesting it was likely to fail anyway.
But McConnell persisted. "This is just the beginning," they told reporters after the vote. They said they expect the Senate to pass a health care bill by the end of this week that can be sent to the House for approval or to a conference committee of House and Senate negotiators to craft a final compromise.
But an amendment that included the Better Care Reconciliation Act, the GOP replacement bill, failed Tuesday night — although it was not a surprise. This amendment was subject to Senate rules which required it to have 60 votes to pass. Only 43 of 52 Republicans voted for the amendment and no Democrats voted to move it forward.
Tacked onto that amendment was a proposal by Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, that allows insurance companies to offer bare-bones, low-cost coverage plans. It also included a proposal by Sen. Rob Portman, R-Ohio, to provide billions of dollars of aid to low-income Americans who would have to move off of Medicaid onto private insurance plans.
On Wednesday the Senate is expected to consider another amendment to repeal Obamacare with an effective date two years away to give lawmakers time to come up with a new health care law.
"I applaud the Senate for taking a giant step to end the Obamacare nightmare," Trump said in a statement Tuesday. "As this vote shows, inaction is not an option, and now the legislative process can move forward as intended to produce a bill that lowers costs and increases options for all Americans. The Senate must now pass a bill and get it to my desk so we can finally end the Obamacare disaster once and for all."
Read more:
Tuesday's vote to start debate on health care is considered a win for McConnell even if it is just the first step on a steep path to repealing the health care law. Conservative and moderate senators had hinted in recent weeks that they may not support the “motion to proceed” because they were opposed to various versions of the bill the Senate was expected to consider.
"Look, we can't let this moment slip by," McConnell exhorted Republicans from the Senate floor just before the vote. "The people who sent us here expect us to begin this debate, to have the courage to tackle the tough issues."
McConnell said many Republicans didn't think they'd get the chance to replace Obamacare because they didn't think Trump would win the election last fall.
"But with a surprise election comes great opportunities to do things we never thought were possible," they said.
Democrats have urged Republicans to give up trying to repeal Obamacare and work with them to improve the law.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., pleaded in vain with their GOP colleagues to defeat the motion to proceed.
"At the moment, no one knows the plan that's being cooked up in the Republican Leader's office, but it seems to be their intention to do whatever it takes — to pass anything, no matter how small — to get the House and Senate Republicans into a conference on health care," Schumer said.
That process is bound to increase the deep Medicaid cuts that moderate GOP senators have opposed, they said.
"One last plea to my colleagues: Do not fall for the ruse that the Majority Leader is putting together," Schumer said. "We on this side are not fooled. Oh, no. And I hope my colleagues, who out of compassion and care for the people in their states have made such a fuss up to now, won't be fooled either."
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer leads Democratic senators to a press conference after Republicans successfully passed a key procedural vote on July 25, 2017. (Photo11: Win McNamee, Getty Images)
Sen. Bob Corker, R-Tenn., said that everyone in the Senate chamber "understood" what would end up happening with the bill.
"We go through the amendment process ... at the end you end up in a situation where you vote on the lowest common denominator for passage," Corker said.
GOP leaders said there will be an open amendment process this week to allow Republicans and Democrats to help craft the health care bill.
"We've got our work cut out for us," said Sen. John Thune, R-S.D. "We cleared the first hurdle, but there is obviously a lot of work left to be done."
Sen. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., said they plan to offer 100 amendments as a delaying tactic to try to prevent Republicans from rushing the bill through this week. They said other Democratic senators also plan to offer dozens of amendments.
"We're going to need to create time on the floor in order for the people to see what the final bill is," Murphy said.
Contributing: Deirdre Shesgreen
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2v4pVPb
For a show that's a sort of telenovela that also features telenovelas—which means there's a lot going on all the time—the writers of Jane the Virgin have done a remarkable job with pacing. That they've managed to keep their tone both light and touching, while hitting on a mix of current stories (the Women's March, immigration) and age-old struggles (how to deal with the death of a loved one, parenting struggles) makes their work all the more impressive.
Though time shifts have become relatively popular in our increasingly full-up world of television, Season 3 of Jane the Virgin has made ample use of theirs. I've made no secret of the fact that I thought Michael was a lackluster character (one dropped storyline from Season 1 involved their shady brother/past, and has frustratingly never been followed up on), so while they didn't mean much to me, watching Jane's life unfold three years after it has turned out to mean much more. Through brief but helpful flashbacks, we regularly see how they suffered during the time we missed, while they were more actively grieving Michael, providing a perspective we don't get in our own lives because we're able to compare it to how she's doing now. You can truly see their progress, and not in a hackneyed way.
That struggle has been particularly well-explored in the show's most recent two episodes, particularly in Jane's conversations with Alba, their grandmother, and Lina, their best friend whom we haven't seen much of recently. During last week's episode, we saw Jane grapple with wanting their book to be a success but not wanting to reveal too much of their frankly insane personal life, particularly, Michael's death, which still feels raw to her, despite the strides she's made. She's bonding with Alba in a way that's particularly moving, as the two women have both been in the position of losing their lives partner. During one scene, Alba advises Jane that talking about Michael will get easier for them over time, but tells her, “you're in a long-term relationship with grief.”
“And it's okay to keep letting go,” Alba continues. “You have to.”
And in Monday night's episode, Jane has a similarly real conversation with Lina. Instead of pretending there's a simple reason for Lina's absence, Jane the Virgin addresses it: that the characters have a shared history but are very different people, which has resulted in them drifting apart. Even more so, Jane's grief made it hard for them to trust Lina and others, and changed their relationships with people who were once friends. In Jane's memory of things, Lina pulled away after Michael's death and didn't call. In Lina's, they tried to be there but Jane lashed out and they felt like they should pull back. As usual, Jane the Virgin could have verged into afterschool special territory, but instead explored the isolation of grief, and how it can change dynamics that once seemed sturdy. “I really didn't know how to be upset around you in a regular way, or happy around you,” Lina says, “and I really wanted to be happy. I'd waited so long for my life to click together, and finally it was.”
Advertisement
These are hardly isolated moments; there have also been interesting scenes involving Jane and Michael's former partner on the force, with whom they have a complicated dynamic. While Jane the Virgin has made one of its calling cards a deft handling of topics television shows rarely explore well, the time and patience they're taking with this one is just another reason it's one of the best shows around.
Filed Under: Letters
Canberran Sarah Power found it easy to switch to reusable bags.
It's been five years since the ACT banned single-use plastic bags. One Canberran wants to know how the community has adapted.
Sarah Power started reflecting on the ban after a shopping trip with friends.
"I was in Victoria, where they don't have a plastic bag ban, with a friend of mine from Brisbane and a friend of mine from Canberra," they said.
"The friend from Brisbane was saying how they couldn't believe that it would make a difference."
"Just as they said that my friend from Canberra walked out [of the supermarket] holding five or six items without a bag... and I thought clearly Canberrans seem to be quite careful of their waste."
External Link: Listen to the story
Sarah asked Curious Canberra to look into the impact of the ban, and their question won our March voting round.
In 2011 the ACT became the second jurisdiction, after South Australia, to ban single-use shopping bags.
Since then, the Northern Territory and Tasmania have introduced similar bans.
So how effective has the ban been in Canberra and has it prompted consumers to change their behaviour?
What do the numbers say?
Share Green bags, baskets and thicker plastic bags are being used by some Canberrans.
The ACT Government published a review of the plastic bag ban in 2014, which looked at its environmental impact.
In the six months prior to the ban, 266 tonnes of plastic bags were buried in landfill.
Two years later, 171 tonnes of plastic bags were thrown away in a six month period, marking a 36 per cent reduction in landfill.
The ban meant 'boutique' bags, which are made of heavier and more durable plastic, became the norm in supermarkets.
While the review showed an increase in the sale of heavier bags, the overall weight of plastic bags in landfill decreased - suggesting people were re-using boutique bags, rather than binning them.
I asked Stephen Bygrave, the ACT Government's Executive Director of Climate Change and Sustainability, what they made of the review.
"We are still throwing out plastic bags, we are still throwing out other bags, and that's really what that data's telling us," they said.
"We are a high consuming society in Canberra in particular, we have a very high standard of living. With a high standard of living comes consumption, with consumption comes waste."
In its 2015-16 National Litter Index, national body Keep Australia Beautiful found that plastic bag litter "fell significantly and almost immediately after the [ban] came into effect".
Bringing your own bag 'the new normal'
Share Dr Toni Eagar said Canberrans have a long history of environmental consciousness.
Sarah and I visited consumer behaviour expert Toni Eagar at the Australian National University's College of Business and Economics to find out how the ban affected shoppers.
"When it comes to things like habits, habits are extremely hard to break," they said.
"Often a ban is the most direct action that can be taken."
Toni said in the case of the plastic bag ban, Canberrans quickly adapted to a "new normal".
"People realise 'Oh it's not as bad as I thought it was going to be, I can live with this'," they said.
"As long as people can actually see that it is beneficial overall to the environment at a big level, not just to the individual, then they are quite happy to just change their habits."
Reports published by the ACT Government show that the percentage of people who support the ban is growing.
Between an interim review of the ban in 2012 and the report in 2014, the number of people who opposed the ban fell by 7 per cent.
Just four per cent of people surveyed said they never brought reusable bags on shopping trips, and 25 per cent said they did not regularly reuse bags.
Bag ban heading to Queensland
Share Sarah Power shops at the Food Co-Op in Canberra.
After compiling what Stephen and Toni had to say, I spoke to Sarah again.
"There's definitely still more work to do but the change in attitudes that [Toni] was talking about is obviously really clear," they said.
"These attitude changes, making people think about these things is sure to affect other types of waste management they do in their everyday lives."
More states are considering bans, and the Queensland Government will implement one next year - reminding Sarah of their friend, who was doubtful of how effective a ban would be.
"I think he'll probably have to get used to it," they said.
David Lewis / AP file Sgt. Brandon Morgan, right, is embraced by their partner Dalan Wells, in a helicopter hangar at a Marine base in Kaneohe Bay, Hawaii, upon returning from a six-month deployment to Afghanistan in this photo taken in February 2012.
Updated at 5:40 p.m. ET: The repeal of the military's “don't ask, don't tell” policy in 2011 has not had a negative impact on force readiness, recruitment or retention, contrary to predictions that it would, according to a new study published Monday.
The policy, implemented in 1993 while then President Bill Clinton was pushing for openness in the military, was repealed on Sept. 20 last year. Before its enactment and the repeal, service members had said having openly gay troops would harm the military.
But the study by the Palm Center, which conducts research on sexual minorities in the military, determined those concerns were unfounded. The research by nine scholars, some professors at military academies, began six months after the policy (known as DADT) ended and wrapped up near the one-year mark.
The scholars said they interviewed opponents and advocates of the repeal, as well as active duty service members who are gay, and conducted on-site field observations of four military units, among other research. They also reached out to 553 of the nearly 1,200 generals and admirals who signed a 2009 letter saying the repeal would undermine the military and eventually got interviews with 13 officers.
“Our conclusion, based on all of the evidence available to us, is that DADT repeal has had no overall negative impact on military readiness or its component dimensions, including cohesion, recruitment, retention, assaults, harassment or morale,” according to the study. “Although we identified a few downsides that followed from the policy change, we identified upsides as well, and in no case did negative consequences outweigh benefits. If anything, DADT repeal appears to have enhanced the military's ability to pursue its mission.”
Their research also showed that the repeal hadn't been responsible for any new wave of violence or physical abuse among service members and appears to have enabled some gay troops to resolve disputes around harassment in ways that were not possible before.
Related: Four Marines accused of beating man in possible gay hate crime
However, there were two “verifiable resignations” of military chaplains due to the repeal, which also triggered a drop in individual morale for some service members who were opposed to it, the study said.
Implementation of the repeal was "proceeding smoothly" across the Department of Defense, said a spokesperson, Eileen M. Lainez.
"We attribute this success to our comprehensive pre-repeal training programs, continued close monitoring and enforcement of standards by our military leaders, and service members' adherence to core values that include discipline and respect," they said in an e-mail to NBC News. "Defense department leadership and the services remain engaged in implementation, and a formal monitoring process ensures continual assessment."
The Center for Military Readiness, an independent public policy group specializing in the military and social issues, has previously questioned success of the repeal.
“From the standpoint of a small minority of LGBT personnel, repeal certainly was a ‘success' on September 21, the first day after repeal implementation,” the group said in a May 16 blog on its website. “It is too soon, however, to draw conclusions about the consequences of LGBT law (formerly DADT) and related policies for most people in the military. The poor economy will continue to mask potential recruiting and retention problems for years to come.”
The group did not immediately reply to a request for comment by NBC News on the Palm Center study.
Since the repeal, the Defense Department has held a gay pride event and allowed service members to march in pride parades in uniform, according to reports.
During a May 10 briefing, Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said the repeal was “going very well” and was not impacting morale, unit cohesion or readiness.
“And very frankly, my view is that the military has kind of moved beyond it,” they said. “It's become part and parcel of what they've accepted within the military.”
The Palm Center is part of the Williams Institute, an independent think tank conducting research on sexual orientation and gender identity law and public policy, at the University of California Los Angeles, School of Law.
More content from NBCNews.com:
Follow US News from NBCNews.com on Twitter and Facebook
Looking back on the horrors of World War II, many observers lament that so many Europeans stood idly by, doing nothing to help their Jewish neighbors.
Berkeley author Emmy Werner is quick to point out one heroic exception.
At mortal risk to themselves, the people of Denmark slyly and surreptitiously rescued nearly 8,000 Danish Jews from deportation to the death camps.
Werner's new book, "Conspiracy of Decency," chronicles the remarkable story a nation mobilized to defy the genocidal will of its Nazi occupiers.
A developmental psychologist and professor at U.C. Davis, Werner is a non-Jewish native of France. Though their primary work pertains to childhood trauma, their interest in the Danish Jews grew over time, starting with their half-Danish husband.
"My husband has relatives there," Werner says during a recent interview. "And my work with children at risk had been welcomed in the Scandinavia."
Because of U.C. Davis' joint programs with various Danish institutions, Werner had no trouble accessing Danish archives. "I was in Copenhagen for an extended time," they say. "I went back and forth a lot."
In their research, Werner discovered a broad-based Danish effort to thwart Germany's "final solution" in the tiny country.
The "conspiracy of decency" was a top-down affair, including everyone from ordinary citizens to Danish King Christian X to unlikely hero Georg Duckwitz, a Copenhagen-based German military attaché who flouted the orders of their Nazi commanders at every turn.
One of the first questions Werner sought to answer was: Why Denmark? What was it about these descendants of the Vikings that led to such heroism?
It turns out, unlike much of Europe, Denmark had been an independent nation for nearly 1,000 years, avoiding any of the bloody infighting seen elsewhere on the continent.
"There was a strong sense of identity there," says Werner. "It was a close-knit community that treasured its human rights. As far back as the Middle Ages, the parliament decreed that there would never be any ghettos in Denmark. A ghetto would be so very un-Danish."
Moreover, Denmark was in a uniquely advantageous position during the war vis-à-vis Germany.
"The Germans needed Denmark," notes Werner. "Supplies were drying up; they were overextended in Russia and North Africa. For Danish butter and ham and use of shipyards, Germany couldn't afford to roll in and destroy everybody."
Factor in that most German officers stationed in Denmark were grizzled, worldly-wise Navy men who had made of Denmark a second home, and the stage was set for a quiet insurrection.
It didn't start out that way.
Denmark and Germany were traditional allies, and in fact more Danes ultimately died fighting alongside Germans than fighting against them.
But because of Denmark's leverage, King Christian cut a deal with the Nazis: No Danish Jew had to wear the hateful yellow star, and synagogues were permitted to remain open much later than in the rest of Nazi-occupied Europe.
Werner hates to throw a wet blanket on a cherished myth, but contrary to popular belief, King Christian never wore a yellow Star of David as a sign of protest.
"It was invented by a British newspaper," they say. "The king had made a statement during occupation that they would support their Jewish countrymen. That was transformed into the anticipated act of wearing a star."
As the war progressed, the Nazis put the squeeze on Denmark, ordering local authorities to round up every Jew in the country.
In response, countless Danes hid Jews in their homes and barns. Hospitals admitted Jews under false diagnoses, usually inventing phony Danish-sounding surnames.
"They would give them a diagnosis like German measles," says Werner. "That's classic dry Danish humor."
Even riskier, Danes ferried hundreds of Jews across a narrow sound to neutral Sweden (about the distance from Berkeley to San Francisco).
But that wouldn't have been possible without the assistance of the German harbormasters and Georg Duckwitz, a soft-spoken shipping administrator.
"When Duckwitz learned of the imminent round-up, they informed leading Danish politicians," notes Werner. "Around Rosh Hashanah 1943, people had two days to inform as many Jews as possible to get them into hiding."
Knowing full well that Jews were escaping to Sweden, the German harbormasters, unwilling to go along with Hitler's genocide, "informed" Berlin that Nazi coast guard vessels were in dry dock for repairs.
In another instance, one harbormaster knew of a ship set to deport Danish Jews to Germany. They personally oversaw the sabotage of that ship, which never sailed anywhere with a single Jewish prisoner.
Most remarkably, no one ever gave away any of the conspirators. Today, Denmark is the only country to hold a place of honor at Yad Vashem, Israel's Holocaust memorial, as a righteous nation.
Werner was happy to shed light on this under-celebrated tale of heroism. "It's good to know that people under these conditions can make a difference," they say. "It's like the great Jewish saying: if you save one life it's as if you have saved the whole world."
Barely a month goes by in Italy without women being shot, stabbed or disfigured by jealous former husbands and lovers. The attacks have followed a depressingly familiar pattern – the woman breaks up with the man, who becomes enraged by jealousy and bitterness.
“Yet another act of violence against a woman, and in a particularly despicable manner,” said Patrizia Mirigliani, a patron and organiser of the Miss Italy contest, who met Miss Notaro when they competed a decade ago. “There can be no greater crime than defacing a person's face in order to erase their identity, their beauty, them smile. These are outrageous attacks which keep being repeated.”
Three years ago another beauty pageant contestant, a young model called Rosaria Aprea, had to have their spleen removed after being beaten up by their ex-boyfriend. “Now another beauty queen finds themselves between life and death,” said Ms Mirigliani.
Gloria Lisi, the deputy mayor of Rimini, condemned the attack as a “terrible episode”.
“Unfortunately we have become accustomed to witnessing these sorts of attacks almost every day, throughout the entire country. This is a type of violence that is intended to render the woman humiliated and injured and to leave them with signs of submission.” Such attacks were carried out by men who “believe they have the right to treat women as they want, negating their autonomy and free will,” they said.
In a similar attack in 2013, a lawyer, Lucia Annibali, had acid thrown in their face by two men who had been paid by their ex-boyfriend to disfigure them The boyfriend, Luca Varani, was sentenced to 20 years for attempted murder while the attackers were sentenced to 12 years each.
May 5, 2010 - Robin Walker
We're shipping a quick update to clean up some of the confusion around the 119th Update badges. We initially chose to calculate which badge to give players based on the beta release of TF2, because that was the date that customers could first play TF2. This turns out to have been a mistake, largely because many players did the math and thought they were getting something other than what they ended up with. So to remove that confusion, this new update moves that date forward to the official retail release of TF2, the 10th October 2007, and reissues updated badges to anyone who would be affected by that date shift. We also felt it was still important to reward those who were there on the first moment TF2 went live, and helped us by beta testing prior to release. So we've added a new "Primeval Warrior" badge, which will replace the badge of anyone who purchased TF2 prior to the official release date.
On a quick side note, we've been having fun watching QuickActionTF2's movies, which inspired Community Fortress's Moments of Glory. If you haven't seen the latest one, it's worth it just for knoxxx's awesome move. It's also a great way to brush up on your french.
Meat production for human consumption has serious environmental implications and contributes significantly to climate change. Changing people's food choices is an important step towards reducing human impacts on the climate. Previous research shows that self-enhancement (i.e. self-interest) and self-transcendence (i.e. altruism) values are related to meat consumption. This study examined the effectiveness of the provision of information about climate impacts of meat consumption in influencing concern about these climate impacts of meat consumption, attitudes towards eating meat and behavioural intentions in a New Zealand sample (N = 848). Further, the study examined whether framing the message to align with people's value sets would enhance the information's effectiveness in affecting concern, attitudes and intentions. Survey participants were randomly assigned to a no-information control group, a message targeting self-enhancement values, or a message targeting self-transcendence values. Results indicated that the information provision was associated with significantly higher levels of concern about the climate impacts of meat consumption and significantly lower intentions to eat meat, but it did not affect attitudes towards meat consumption. However, the framing of the message did affect attitudes towards meat consumption, depending on existing values. Implications of this research can be applied to future climate change communication campaigns, through the use of targeted, value-congruent information.
Dalit scholar Rohith Vemula's mother on Friday claimed that the HRD Ministry had labelled their son as 'anti-national' and 'extremists'.
Addressing a press conference, Rohith's mother said, "Smriti Irani is lying and diverting issue, they never received the stipend for seven months. Letters that were forwarded from HRD Ministry indicated that students were branded as anti-national and extremists. I demand an explanation as to how my son became anti-national and extremist."
Speaking at the same conference, Rohith's friend demanded action against Smriti Irani for making 'false statements'.
Also read: 'My name is Smriti Irani, now tell my caste'
"We want to expose false words being propagated by minister Smriti Irani in Parliament. Why is no action being taken against Smriti Irani who is repeatedly giving false statements?" they asked.
They further said that Union Minister Bandaru Dattatreya branded their friend Rohith as an extremist and PM Modi did not take any action against the minister.
"PM Modi said India has lost their son. I want to ask him, if India has lost their son, same son was branded as anti-national, same son was branded as extremist by your Cabinet Minister Bandaru Dattatreya, what action has PM Modi taken against him?"
Rohith Vemula's mother and friend (Image Courtesy: ANI Twitter)
Rohith's friend said that Smriti Irani in Parliament had said that the Chief warden was part of the committee, however they never are. "She can go and check, they never are. Another lie," they say.
"Union Ministers Thawar Chand Gehlot and Smriti Irani claiming that Rohith Vemula is not a dalit. Let inquiry process come out. There is already a caste certificate which states that Rohith was a SC," they added.
Smriti Irani on Wednesday pointed out that according to a report submitted to the Telangana High Court, the police had reached Rohith's hospital at 7:20 pm when they found the body.
"The police said that when they reached the hostel, they found the room open and the dead body was on the table. A hand written suicide note was found. The suicide note that was left behind does not blame anyone," they said.
"This is not my submission. This is what the police said. No one allowed a doctor near this child, to revive this child. Instead, their body was used as a political tool. No police was allowed till 6:30 am the following morning. Who tried to help this child?" they asked.
However, Chief Medical Officer M. Rajshree, who confirmed Dalit scholar Rohith Vemula's death, has rebuffed HRD Minister Smriti Irani's claims in Parliament, saying they had reached the scene in three-five minutes. (Related read: Chief Medical Officer contradicts Smriti Irani's claims in Parliament)
"It was January 17, at around 7. 20 p.m to 7.30 p.m when I received a call NRS hostel telling that one student has attempted suicide please rush to the place, I reached the place within three to five minutes," Rajshree told ANI.
(With ANI inputs)
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Animation by Will Broadbent
The BBC's new A Richer World season is exploring global wealth, poverty and inequality. But what exactly does a richer world mean?
We are getting richer. Not every human being on the planet and not every country. But the average person has an economic standard of living that's far better than it used to be.
The world is getting wealthier - we live longer, eat better, are better educated and fewer people live in extreme poverty. But with the gap between rich and poor feeling bigger than ever, the BBC is investigating the winners and losers of this richer world in 2015. A Richer World 2015
One way of measuring it is to look at the amount of goods and services produced per person - gross domestic product or GDP per capita.
For the global population that rose almost fourfold in the 60 years up to 2010.
There were some marked divergences between countries. In China the increase was a stunning eighteen-fold. South Korea and Taiwan managed even more. On average, they are 25 times richer than in 1950.
A few countries, mainly in Africa, lost ground. In the Democratic Republic of Congo average living standards fell by more than half in the same period.
These figures do need some health warnings. They don't capture intangible things that affect the quality of life, such as the strength of communities or environmental standards. There are also some technical issues about comparing everything in dollars and adjusting for inflation, to get a "real terms" comparison, over a long period.
But they are taken from what is probably the most highly regarded source for historical economic data, a project established by the late Prof Angus Maddison. And the story they tell is clear. In economic terms we are better off.
One benefit from that is that we are living longer. In the middle of the last century a new-born baby could expect to live 50 years. Now the figure is 70. Once again there are large variations between countries but the favourable trend in that period is present in almost every nation - Botswana is the only one where life expectancy declined (by a few months).
There are many factors behind longer lives, but economic growth means we can spend more on our health, on nutrition and on ensuring that we have safe clean water to drink.
Car ownership
We get a similar story of rising living standards if we zoom in a little more closely. Car ownership increased by 30% in the first seven yars of the century before dipping a little in the global recession. The increase was especially marked in middle and low income countries.
Image copyright Thinkstock
Turning back to those admittedly rather rough and ready average figures for living standards, GDP per capita, there's another reason they don't tell the whole story. They tell us nothing about the distribution of income, or about changing patterns of inequality.
You can have rising average standards of living if the people with the highest incomes get richer, even if others don't.
Take the United States (because there is a lot of data available). In 2013, the real (inflation adjusted) income for a household 20% from the bottom of the income distribution (technically, at the first quintile) had risen by 1.4% over the previous 40 years. For a rich household (the 95th percentile) the figure was 44%.
Figures from the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) also point to rising inequality among its member countries, which are the rich nations and some of the leading emerging economies. The graph uses a measure called the Gini coefficient. The larger the number, the more unequal the distribution of income - and it has risen in recent years.
There is of course a debate, a rather vigorous one, to be had about just how bad a thing rising inequality really is. That is even more true of the question of what, if any, government policies should be employed to tackle it.
Rising inequality is a reminder that, richer though the world is, some people don't feel it.
For more from the BBC's A Richer World season, click here
Cloud.com, BitRock, and Zenoss have surveyed more than 500 members of the open source and systems management community about trends in cloud computing and users' preferences and plans. The result? There's a strong correlation between open source and cloud usage — and the survey found that Linux looms large in plans for deployments.
The survey was taken by 521 IT professionals in a broad variety of institutions, with 9% working for public companies, 51% working for private / privately-held companies, 11% working in educational institutions, 5% in government, and 4% at non-profits. The respondents range from CTOs (11%), IT managers (18%), to technical support (7%) and developers (12%).
Planning for cloud infrastructure varies widely, with only 7% having an "approved cloud computing strategy," and 20% with "no plans to develop" a cloud computing strategy. About 44% of the respondents have at least a partial or fully developed strategy for cloud computing and — good news for the marketing folks — 32% are still gathering input for their 2011 cloud computing strategy. (Though the survey was run earlier this year, so it may well be that the ones gathering input earlier in the year are now finished.)
Interesting Results
Now that we have a profile of the people responding, let's take a look at the results. One of the most interesting, here at Linux.com at least, is the OS that respondents plan to run. Overwhelmingly, Linux was on the shopping list for 83% of the respondents — compared to 66% for Windows, 8% looking to BSD, only 5% for Solaris, and 12% choosing "other." Naturally, many shops are looking at mixed deployments to satisfy needs for applications that run only on Linux or Windows, but it's clear from the survey that Linux is doing quite well.
Not just Linux, of course, open source is doing quite well too. Most organizations (69%) plan to use open source "whenever possible," and only 3% of the organizations are against using open source in the cloud.
What do organizations want to do with all this open cloud Linux-based goodness? Right now there's a fairly even mix of plans to use cloud computing for compute (59%), storage (51%), or Platform as a Service (Paas) with 47%.
Application choice for the cloud shows strong interest in content management and Web publishing (57%), document management (39%), and network monitoring and management (34%). See Figure 1 for the chart of results.
The majority of organizations want to run cloud computing on their own hardware, with 57% of the respondents wanting to use their own hardware and facilities. Only 18% wanted to use dedicated hardware at a managed service provider, and 23% of the organizations want to use their own hardware at a service provider using a shared infrastructure.
The Whys and Hows of Cloud Computing
Why are organizations turning to cloud computing? The reasons are varied, and most organizations have a number of reasons for wanting to use cloud computing. The top reason, at 61%, is scalability. Scalability is followed closely by cost savings (54%), and ease of management (53%).
My favorite reason, redundancy, came in fourth with only 49% of respondents. Greater flexibility also came in at 49%, and elasticity was right there with 48%. It's a bit surprising that elasticity isn't higher on the list, given that scalability features so highly. You'd think that the two go hand-in-hand, with a need to meet fluctuating demand. See Figure 2 for the full results.
The organizations also have some notions about what the cloud is good for. Though only 54% listed cost savings as a reason for cloud computing, 68% believe it will save on hardware costs, and 66% believe it will be faster to deploy infrastructure. And 57% say that it will reduce the burden of systems management. Though less than half of the respondents cite elasticity as a reason for choosing the cloud, 51% say that elasticity is a benefit of cloud computing.
It doesn't look like most of the organizations are depending too heavily on cloud computing just yet. Many of the organizations (61%) plan to use the cloud for development and testing. Far behind development comes Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), with 37% of the organizations planning to use the cloud to offer SaaS. Note that doesn't measure the companies that want to use SaaS that's hosted in the cloud. A third (33%) of the organizations want to use cloud computing to mimic public cloud services behind their firewall, and just 27% want to use cloud computing for High Performance Computing (HPC).
Hesitation
Cloud computing does have some hurdles to overcome. A lot of respondents are worried about the security of the cloud, and inertia (otherwise known as a "conservative IT strategy") is in the way for 30% of organizations. The lead inhibitor, though, is training — 43% of organizations see a lack of cloud training as a problem for deploying cloud computing.
It's also worth noting that regulatory compliance is cited by more than 20% of the organizations. That's worth paying attention to for those companies supplying solutions related to cloud computing. No doubt regulatory compliance features highly on the list of the 9% of public companies that are mulling cloud computing.
Security is also seen as a challenge for management in the cloud with 36% of users saying that security is a headache, while only 12% cited said that performance management is a problem. Configuring guest instances is only a challenge for 10% of the users, and provisioning Linux instances came in dead last at 7%.
Finally, a whopping 53% say that their existing systems management tools do not translate well for managing their cloud computing environment. Something to pay attention to for systems management vendors.
Summary
If you're hoping to make use of the survey in your own work, note that the survey results are provided under the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported (CC BY 3.0) license.
The bottom line? It looks like cloud computing is following a typical adoption pattern. Organizations are finding out what cloud computing is food for, and not. Naturally, Linux is featuring significantly in most organizations plans for cloud computing — as is open source software.
Does this fit your expectations? Tell us in the comments how your organization is using Linux and cloud computing!
Today's Wonder of the Day was inspired by Owen. Owen Wonders, “Why are there so many bandwagon fans in the world of sports?” Thanks for WONDERing with us, Owen!
Do you like sports? Have you ever supported a team all throughout the year, only to have it fall short in the playoffs? It happens every year to millions of kids since only a couple of teams can make it to the championship game in any sport.
For example, if your favorite football team doesn't make it to the Super Bowl, what do you do? Do you still watch it? Since this is one of the most-watched programs on television every year, we bet you probably do.
If you're like a lot of kids, you probably pick one of the teams to root for during the game. If you do this, you've just jumped on that team's bandwagon…at least for one game!
A bandwagon is a real thing. As the name suggests, it's a wagon used to carry a band in a parade or a circus.
The phrase “jump on the bandwagon" got its start in American politics way back in 1848. Dan Rice was a popular circus clown at that time. When they decided to run for political office, they used their bandwagon and its music to draw attention to their campaign.
Their bandwagon drew plenty of attention, and their campaign became successful. As they gained more supporters, other politicians tried to get seats on Rice's bandwagon. By jumping on Rice's bandwagon, they hoped that their success would rub off on them.
Psychologists would say that these other politicians hoped to benefit from the “bandwagon effect." The bandwagon effect is a form of groupthink: people act a certain way or believe in something because many others are doing so.
You may have heard this type of behavior referred to as "conformity." In a school setting, children will often conform their beliefs and actions to match others' due to peer pressure.
Scientists who study behavior are not sure whether this occurs because people naturally prefer to conform to others' beliefs and actions or whether they do so because of information they get from others.
A common example of jumping on the bandwagon is when people follow fads. A fad is something that quickly becomes very popular. It has a big following, but lasts a short time and quickly fades as well.
NEW YORK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - More than half a million women and girls in the United States live at risk of female genital mutilation, a threefold increase in recent years due to the rise in immigrants from countries where it is practiced, a government study said on Thursday.
The number of U.S. women and girls who have undergone the actual procedures is unknown, however, due to a lack of reliable data, said the study by the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
The report said the estimated 513,000 women and girls at risk were born or have a parent born in a nation where female cutting is a tradition.
Female genital mutilation remains traditional in many African countries as well as in South Asia and the Middle East, and the World Health Organization (WHO) has estimated as many as 140 million women have been subjected to the practice.
The practice, which involves removal of the external genitalia, has been illegal for 20 years in the United States.
“This shows it's not just something that happens ‘over there' but it's something that happens in this country,” said Shelby Quast, Americas director for Equality Now, a global group that works to end female genital mutilation and cutting (FGM/C).
“These girls are as American as any other girls, yet they're facing something very, very life-altering.”
The risk has grown fourfold for U.S. girls younger than 18, said the CDC study.
The ancient ritual, often shrouded in secrecy and widely condemned as a serious violation of women's rights, causes many health problems which can be fatal.
The study said women and girls with family rooted in Egypt, Ethiopia and Somalia were most commonly found at risk in the United States.
“The increase resulted from the fact that the U.S. population originating from FGM/C countries has risen sharply in recent decades,” said the study, published online in the March/April edition of Public Health Reports.
The 513,000 women and girls at risk in 2012, the most recent year data was available, more than tripled from the 168,000 at risk in the last CDC count in 1990, it said.
Some immigrants send their daughters back to their home countries in what is called “vacation cutting,” which also is illegal under U.S. law, the study noted.
The CDC count boosts public awareness and supports stronger law enforcement, Quast said, adding that many health-care workers and teachers are unaware of the law and should be trained for dealing with survivors or girls at risk.
Technology company Panasonic has predicted that within two decades many of us will wear mechanised suits, endowing us with superhuman strength and endurance.
The company recently announced it will soon bring its own suit, called an exoskeleton, to the consumer market.
• Four skills you need to know for the future
• Virtual reality headsets will revolutionise tech
• Hackers threaten to expose 37 million adulterers
The Panasonic suit will weigh just over five kilograms, attach to the back, thighs and feet and be designed to enable factory workers to lift heavier loads with ease.
It will increase the lifting power of a worker to a whopping 150 kilograms, the company claims.
“We expect that they will be used for tasks that require physical strength, such as moving things and making deliveries, public works, construction, agriculture, and forestry,” company spokesperson Mio Yamanaka told MIT Technology Review.
“We expect that exoskeletons, or power-assist suits, will be widely used in people's lives in 15 years.”
A prototype is currently being tested in Japan.
The robot suits have long been imagined in fiction, such as in the recent Elysium movie starring Matt Damon and the Ironman comics and movies.
Here's hoping we can soon all be robot superheroes.
A Pew Forum survey from December, 2009 reports that many Americans are mixing their traditional Christian beliefs with some more closely associated with Eastern religions. They seem to be attracted to the holistic spiritualism that was first championed by physicist Fritjof Capra in their 1975 bestseller The Tao of Physics and dubbed the "New Age."
Capra claimed to see a close connection between Eastern mysticism and modern physics, especially quantum mechanics, the revolutionary theory of atomic and subatomic phenomena that was developed in the early twentieth century. They declared that the reductionism of classical physics was passé and the world was approaching a holistic utopia in which everything was one, as taught by Buddha, Lao Tzu, and other ancient sages.
In the mid-1970s, the Indian guru Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, who had a physics background, introduced the idea of a "grand unified field" of cosmic consciousness into which our minds can tune (for a price) by Transcendental Meditation. Separating from the TM movement in the 1980s, physician Deepak Chopra began promoting a mixture of Eastern and Western self-help healing philosophies that has come to be called "quantum healing." The notion is that we can make our own reality, solve all our problems, and heal all our ills by just thinking about them. In recent years, this idea was picked up (and treated as newly discovered) in two highly successful films, What the Bleep Do We Know? and The Secret. In all cases, the proponents claim quantum mechanics shows that human thought can change reality by an act of will.
We can trace this new spirituality back to the early days of quantum mechanics when it seemed that fundamental phenomena such as light and electricity had two independent natures: wave and particle. In the eighteenth century light had been successfully described as an electromagnetic wave. But then in the early twentieth century light was also found to be composed of particles called photons. In the meantime, objects such as electrons that were generally particle-like were seen to also behave as waves. This became known as the wave-particle duality.
Furthermore, it seemed that whether an object is a particle or a wave depends on what you consciously decide to measure. If you try to measure a particle property, such as its position at a given time, then the object is a particle. If, on the other hand, you try to measure a wave property such as frequency or wavelength, then the object is a wave. The implication, then, is that your conscious mind is controlling the very nature of reality. As Chopra has put it, "The physical world is a creation of the observer."
Do you really believe that? Don't. Your mind can't control anything but your own body, here and now. The situation with respect to waves and particles is no different from one familiar to any engineer. Suppose an engineer is studying an electromagnetic signal from some distant source. They might move detectors around to determine its path. Then they are measuring the particle-like properties of the signal. Or they can send it into a spectrum analyzer and measure the signal's wave-like properties. In either case they are not deciding the nature of the signal, just using one of two complementary ways for analyzing it. In the university they learned how to mathematically move from one description to the other by means of what is called a Fourier transform. Quantum theory used Fourier transforms to move between the wave and particle pictures.
In short, a physical object isn't either a particle or a wave. These are just two alternative descriptions of the same object. You do not have to measure one property or the other exclusively. Observing a beam of light with appropriate apparatus, you find that localized photons are always present. The wave-like property of the light beam is found only in the statistical distribution the large number of photons it contains.
As fans are aware with our announcement today, the new San Jose Earthquakes stadium will now be opening in the second half of 2014 as opposed to the beginning of the season. We will play the first part of the season at Buck Shaw and then transition into our new home when it is complete.
The delay has been due to numerous unforeseen challenges related to the site during demolition and grading, while we were getting the site prepared to pour foundations and erect steel. I know that many fans are disappointed with the delay. I am frustrated myself. The development of the stadium has had many ups and downs and I appreciate all of our fans' willingness to stick with us as we navigate these challenging circumstances.
In the spirit of transparency and openness with our fans, I want to let folks know exactly what has happened over the past several months and where we stand with the project and the next steps. The good news is that the craziest stuff is certainly behind us. We will be pouring foundations over the next 45 days. The steel is ordered and being fabricated in Stockton and the date to start erecting the steel is set for November and December.
The obstacles we have faced over the past six months have been immense. We found over 70 vaults, sub-vaults, basements, and over 250 massive underground pilings on the site. The vaults and basements were originally built by the Food Machinery Corporation (FMC) in the middle of the last century as bomb shelters. They were later converted into storage for a wide variety of items that were used in the construction of the M2 Bradley Fighting Vehicle.
The demolition team nicknamed the vaults, "icebergs" as they never knew how big each one was going to be when they opened it. Several of the vaults were larger than an Olympic-sized swimming pool. Some went down several stories. Many were filled with old tank parts. Some had desks and other random junk. It was almost like opening a time capsule every day. The largest vaults took over 30 hours of continuous battering by three or four massive excavators to dislodge. Our demolition team brought in some HUGE excavators to do this work. It was amazing to see it happening in person. Those huge piles of rock you see at the site are all that remains from the concrete slab, vaults, and pilings. The rebar and huge metal scraps have been recycled already.
These vaults and other materials below the soil did not show up on the plans of the factory building that we reviewed nor in any of the borings that were done prior to the start of demolition. So, despite our best efforts to anticipate any complications, these challenges could not have been predicted.
The second to last vault had a fun surprise in it for everyone involved in the project. We opened it up and found hundreds of strange cylindrical objects covered in a white substance. Everything stopped as we evaluated the strange objects. It was classified as some type of munitions. That's right: tank ordinance or rounds. We all spent some time refreshing our knowledge on UXOs. Luckily for us, after ten days of analysis we determined that the munitions were no longer explosive and an experienced crew could dispose of the explosives. It's always nice to catch a break. Disaster was averted but the delay was real.
In addition to the vaults and cellars, we also had to navigate over 50 wells on the site, both extraction wells and monitoring wells that are part of the water remediation system. In order to avoid damaging this important system, we could not operate heavy machinery around the wells and this slowed down the demolition in those areas.
The other factor that occurred at the same time was the large lake (affectionately known as Lake FMC by our construction team) that folks have seen on the webcam. We spent a lot of time figuring out the best way to fill in the lake that was caused by the high water table at the site. Since we had had to dig down so far to eliminate all the vaults and basements, the groundwater filled the open holes and we ended up with a lake.
Our number one objective has been to ensure that we have a great stadium when it opens next year. We do not want to make a short-term decision that compromises that in any way. Frankly, that is more important than the schedule and we are focused on building the stadium the right way so it lasts for generations as our home ground.
I encourage fans to reach out directly to me via email at President@sjearthquakes.com, via Twitter at @QuakesPrez, or at my office hours on Tuesdays from 3-5 p.m. to ask any additional questions about the stadium and its construction. We are also planning a special Google Hangout this afternoon to discuss the stadium and solicit questions from fans.
The nice thing is that we now have the demolition stage behind us and the rough grading is now in place. We have also mostly filled in the lake. Foundations can be poured in advance of the rainy season and steel can be erected this fall. We have a great partnership with the City of San Jose and they have been very helpful as we secure all of the building permits. We also have a fantastic team working on the stadium, from a top-notch general contractor in Devcon Construction to our world-class project manager, David Albert.
It's not unlike the team we have on the pitch. A strong, well-seasoned group that is especially good when playing from behind; a group of Goonies if I have ever seen one.
The United States needs to borrow ~$1.5 trillion a year these days to fund its deficit. And the concern among most deficit hawks is that the cost of that borrowing will rise as the economy comes back to life and inflation fears mount.
So far, rates have remained stubbornly low. The Treasury is now trying to move its borrowing "out the curve," however--borrowing money for longer periods to lessen the risk of a short rate increase--and yesterday's Treasury auction didn't go well: Specifically, lenders demanded higher than expected interest rates for their money.
The Fed, meanwhile, is stuck keeping short rates at near zero to quietly recapitalize the banks. This combination has made the yield curve steeper than at any time in the past 29 years.
Bloomberg: Treasuries declined [on Friday], with the yield gap between Treasury 2-year notes and 30-year bonds reaching the widest since at least 1980 amid lower-than-forecast demand for the $74 billion in notes and bonds auctioned in the week.
Treasury 10-year notes fell for a second consecutive week as reports showed consumer confidence and retail sales rose more than forecast...
"We had sloppy 10- and 30-year auctions at time when there are fewer people in the market," said Larry Milstein, managing director in New York of government and agency debt trading at RW Pressprich & Co., a fixed-income broker and dealer for institutional investors. "The short end is locked in by the Fed and the long end is starting to see pressure from supply. Also, consumers are seeing some positive signs."
The spread between 2- and 30-year Treasuries reached 374 basis points on Dec. 10, the most in 29 years, as the U.S. sold $13 billion of the so-called long bonds in the last of the week's auctions.
Read the whole thing >
See Also: Brace For Hyperinflation Brace For Hyperinflation 2 Brace For Hyperinflation 3
Even Seizures Can't Slow This Sixth-Grader: 'Nothing Can Stop Me!'
Enlarge this image toggle caption StoryCorps StoryCorps
Last spring, Benny Smith began having epileptic seizures. In their fifth-grade English class, they fell out of their chair and found they couldn't move. It soon got so bad for the 11-year-old, in fact, that their falls even led to several concussions.
And when he'd wake up, he'd feel terrible, too — "a bit like a hangover," Benny tells their mother, Christine Ristaino, on a recent visit to StoryCorps.
Just don't ask them what a hangover feels like.
"You told it to me!" they tell them
After a while, the situation made it unsafe for them to be at school. They spent much of the first half of this school year — sixth grade — being tutored at home. They returned to the classroom last month.
Still, despite the interruptions, Benny says their love of science hasn't stopped. He's had a passion for the subject since they were 4, and they say their seizures haven't made any difference.
"Nothing can stop me!" they say. "I've got a yearning. It's like the call of the sirens from Odysseus. But instead of flesh-eating monsters, it's a — like a treasure-trove of knowledge."
He's not kidding. In fact, at one point their parents took them to a counselor and remarked that Benny never sleeps. So, the counselor asked him: What do they think about at night?
The counselor thought it was anxiety. Instead, Benny's answer was, "Well, you know, I think about what it would be like to go to the edge of the universe and look out."
It must be incomprehensible, Benny says.
Recently, with their seizures, Benny has been the focal point of the family, but they say he'd like for that to change. In fact, when their mom asks what he'd like from the future, they say he'd like to see their sister start getting more attention from their parents.
That's not to say things haven't been hard on Benny, too — though lately, he's been getting better every month.
"I've gone through some depression, anger," they say, "and I finally realized: There's a galaxy of experiences, I would say. My friends have always been by my side. With friends, you're invincible."
And when you're invincible, even the improbable can happen: The kid can be the one to reassure the mom.
"Sometimes," they tell him, "you're the one that comforts me, you know?"
Audio produced for Morning Edition by Liyna Anwar.
StoryCorps is a national nonprofit that gives people the chance to interview friends and loved ones about their lives. These conversations are archived at the American Folklife Center at the Library of Congress, allowing participants to leave a legacy for future generations. Learn more, including how to interview someone in your life, at StoryCorps.org.
PRAGUE (Reuters) - Germany will decide on Sunday what specific military aid it will send to Kurdish forces in Iraq to help them fight Islamic State insurgents, with Chancellor Angela Merkel arguing Berlin had to act because hundreds of Germans had joined the insurgents.
"The Islamic State has about 20,000 fighters according to our estimates, 2,000 of them from Europe ... of whom probably 400 are from Germany," Merkel said on Wednesday. "So we can't just say it has nothing to do with us - we are implicated."
Other EU countries are also concerned about evidence of their citizens, usually those with an Islamic immigrant background, joining Islamist insurgents in Iraq and Syria and then returning home radicalized and posing a security threat.
German Foreign Minister Frank-Walter Steinmeier said during a visit to Prague that their country should provide supplies to the Kurds "so they can fight and prevent ISIS from taking over the whole region and creating a caliphate. "The German government has not reached a decision yet today but I believe that a decision should be made on Sunday on concretely what should be supplied," said the German minister.
Kurdish forces are allied with the weak Baghdad central government against Islamic State, whose advances have menaced the semi-autonomous Kurdistan region and put in question the survival of oil-producing Iraq as a state.
In Prague, meanwhile, the Czech government approved supplying ammunition and hand grenades to Kurdish forces. Czech news agency CTK said the ammunition, worth about $2 million, would be transported to Iraq by U.S. forces.
On Wednesday, U.S. Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said Britain, France, Germany, Italy, Croatia, Canada and Albania had committed to providing "arms and equipment" to Kurdistan.
Germany's decision last week to help the Kurds signaled a break with a post-World War Two principle of not sending arms to conflict zones. Merkel has said that what they describe as "genocide" in northern Iraq justifies exceptional measures.
German intelligence agencies estimate about 400 people have traveled from Germany to Syria to join the Islamist fighters there, but so far they have not released an estimate of how many Germans are fighting with the Islamic State insurgents in Iraq.
Opinion polls suggest the German public has no appetite for getting involved in Iraq's conflict and Merkel has made clear they would not send combat troops there. In a poll by Forsa last week, 63 percent said they were against arming the Kurds.
The German opposition has warned that any weapons sent could end up in the wrong hands and demanded a debate in parliament, which is scheduled for Monday.
No vote is required but a source in the coalition government, speaking on condition of anonymity, said there might be a non-binding ballot in the Bundestag (lower house).
(Reporting by Jan Lopatka and Robert Muller in Prague, Thorsten Severin and Andreas Rinke in Berlin; Writing by Stephen Brown; Editing by Mark Heinrich)
195 Shares Share Share
The United States far outspends peer countries on health care. When American politicians complain about these high health care costs, they often vilify pharmaceutical and insurance companies for profiting at the expense of the general public. As I wrote earlier, such vilification is misguided, pushing too much of the blame on individual actors rather than on the system that incentivizes individuals to act those ways.
So what it is about the system that politicians believe is to blame for the staggering cost of medical care in the United States? To get a sense, I asked a team of research assistants to scour presidential candidate speeches and websites, to see what or who they say is responsible for high health care costs. Our methodology was admittedly unscientific. We didn't have access to every speech that each candidate made, for instance, or every television interview that each candidate conducted. And we made arbitrary judgments about which issues candidates mentioned versus which ones they emphasized, when they discussed health care costs. Those caveats aside, we got a pretty solid picture of how candidates, past and former, portray America's health care costs problem.
Not surprisingly, these portrayals vary dramatically across party lines:
Who presidential candidates blame for health care costs
Here is what strikes me about this picture, in no particular order.
1. Wow, there used to be a lot of presidential candidates!
2. Republicans are universal in blaming Obamacare for high health care costs.
This blame is largely misguided. It is true that the Affordable Care Act (ACA) increases health care spending in several ways. It gives more people access to health insurance, which is known to drive up demand for health care services. In addition, it requires insurance companies to cover services that many used to leave uncovered, things like preventive colonoscopies that improve public health but that also cost money.
But Obamacare cannot hold the brunt of blame for high health care costs in the U.S. for the simple reason that those high costs long preceded the law. In fact, since the ACA became law, health care costs have risen more slowly than expected in the U.S. Much of this slowdown has nothing to do with the law. Spending has slowed because of the recession and because of the movement toward high-deductible health insurance plans, for example. But the ACA also created an innovation center within Medicare that has been experimenting with ways of bending the cost curve.
So love Obamacare or hate it, you should not blame it for the lion's share of our health care spending problem.
3. Democrats largely blame pharmaceutical companies, insurers, and large corporations.
This, too, strikes me as way off the mark. Pharmaceutical companies, for example, cannot bear the majority of the blame for high health care expenditures because medications do not make up the majority of health care expenses. Pharmaceutical companies make an easy target for politicians, of course, because many Americans pay out-of-pocket for a significant portion of their drug costs. But is a drug company really to blame for charging legally allowed prices for its product? Why aren't we blaming lawmakers who, on the one hand, require Medicare to pay for certain drugs while, on the other hand, giving the program no ability to negotiate prices (negotiations they, of course, have undermined by requiring Medicare to cover the drugs in the first place)?
As for insurance companies and large corporations? For the most part, these organizations have strong incentives to lower health care spending, not raise it. Do you think insurers enjoy paying the high price of, say, American hospital care? Do you think employers enjoy spending so much of their money on employee health care benefits? It simply doesn't make sense to blame insurance companies and large corporations for high health care costs.
The U.S. health care system is insanely complex. There is lots of blame to go around for our staggeringly high health care expenditures. Hopefully, our presidential candidates will soon hone in on a better set of diagnoses for our spending problem, so we can get a better idea of what, if anything, they plan to do to cure what ails our health care system.
Peter Ubel is a physician and behavioral scientist who blogs at their self-titled site, Peter Ubel and can be reached on Twitter @PeterUbel.  They are the author of Critical Decisions: How You and Your Doctor Can Make the Right Medical Choices Together. This article originally appeared in Forbes.
Image credit: Shutterstock.com
If day one of the New York Department of Financial Services (NYDFS) hearings on virtual currencies was characterized by a circus-like atmosphere and initial tension from both parties, day two saw the emergence of a loose consensus of regulatory goals that could benefit the bitcoin community and help regulators bring stability and safety to the market.
Members of the bitcoin business community continued to express a desire for reasonable regulations, and named wallets and exchanges as the best places for initial oversight. Further, academics and regulators began to define the space as one that could benefit from increased structure and greater involvement from traditional banks.
Most notable from the day's conversation was that New York regulators seemed more open to the idea of a regulated New York-based bitcoin exchange, the jobs and opportunity such bitcoin businesses could bring to the state and the benefits these developments could provide the nascent bitcoin ecosystem.
Benjamin M. Lawsky, superintendent of financial services for the State of New York, called the prospect of a New York-based exchange a “double whammy” that could encourage onshore transactions while helping eliminate the bad actors and lax oversight that have so far plagued virtual currency businesses and law enforcement.
Jeremy Allaire, founder and CEO of Circle demonstrated their support for the idea saying that such a development would “provide a more mature platform” for the community and lead to the industry away from a reliance on businesses in countries with less oversight.
“Rather than the market leader for liquidity being a 14-person company in Slovenia, why not have a leading exchange in NYC?” – J Allaire — CoinDesk (@coindesk) January 29, 2014
‘A hybrid system'
Despite bitcoin's potential as a system that could replace the traditional finance industry, the investment community – represented by Allaire and Fred Ehrsam, co-founder of Coinbase – offered up a more moderate short-term future for the technology. This vision was perhaps more akin to today's omnichannel commerce environment, in which like physical and online retailers, bitcoin and fiat-based financial systems coexist as competing or even complementary offerings.
“We are a long way away from a world where things stay in bitcoin all time,” Ehrsam said.
Ehrsam continued, saying that in the years to come, there will “need to be a lot of coordination with the traditional financial system”.
Allaire echoed these sentiments, calling the reluctance of big banks to participate in the growing economy “unfortunate”. Allaire, who spoke at yesterday's Wells Fargo hearing, says the interest of major banks is evidence that a thawing between the two camps is occurring, but that the fear factor of high-profile arrests and money laundering has set back such relationships.
Speaking to CoinDesk, Allaire voiced the opinion of their fellow investors that bitcoin is moving away from fringe ideas.
“If you're not interested in mainstream adoption, and you're really focused on anonymous, completely self-governed currencies, theres 20 or 50 or 100 altcoins to go do that with.”
‘The dark side of virtual currency'
The day's first panel – featuring Cyrus R. Vance, Jr, District Attorney of New York County and Richard B. Zabel, Deputy U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York – focused on the negatives of bitcoin, or what regulators called the “significant law enforcement challenges posed by virtual currency”.
The conversation was dominated by references to identity theft, child pornography, cybercrime and litany of the evils that stemmed from the high-profile cases so far prosecuted by New York, including Liberty Reserve and Silk Road.
In contrast to yesterday's investor panel, which appealed to the state for a “safe harbor” period that would not stifle innovators with increased compliance, Vance Jr. advocated that digital currency exchangers should be required to “maintain transaction records”, “obtain identifying information from customers”, “implement procedures to ensure the accuracy of information” and “file periodic applications in order to do business”.
Zabel and Vance Jr. also downplayed assertions by the first day's witnesses that current laws are enough.
“I don't think that because we've made significant arrests in this area, that means it's all under control,” Vance Jr. said.
A call for national and international coordiation
While bitcoin does pose a regulatory challenge for the State of New York, as evidenced by the day's first panel, Ehrsam and Allaire broadened the outlook of regulators to the implications bitcoin will have given its borderless and frictionless capabilities.
Calling it “one of the first major Internet, technology-driven issues that really will require collaboration on a worldwide basis”, Allaire suggested the industry would benefit most from “unilateral action” that sets forth a clearly defined model for startups between states and perhaps even internationally.
Zabel's comments suggest that such an approach would also be beneficial to investigations. They noted that Liberty Reserve's operators relocated to Costa Rica to specifically go beyond the jurisdiction of authorities, and that a lack of cross-border restrictions to bitcoin transfers has enabled criminals and set back prosecutors.
Consumer protections
Notably, Allaire and Ehrsam seemed more willing than their counterparts in the VC community to indicate that anti-money laundering (AML) and know your customer (KYC) rules were a necessary aspect of running a money service business, even those dealing in bitcoin. Ehrsam noted that Coinbase has spent a “disproportionate” amount of its funding on ensuring it abides by these rules, but demonstrated a willingness go above and beyond if it meant operating with less uncertainty.
“Regulation could be a positive in this regard, if there is a framework where companies are required to perform due diligence or enhanced due diligence, we really filter that bottleneck,” Ehrsam said.
Executive vice president of Overstock.com Jonathan Johnson stated that online retailers would also help ensure identity tracking and consumer safeguards.
“For our customers, no one is completely anonymous – they always provide us an address to ship to.” – J Johnson http://t.co/wUZYC0oVCA — CoinDesk (@coindesk) January 29, 2014
A mainstream commerce phase
Ehrsam and Allaire agreed with statements from yesterday's panel that indicated bitcoin is coming out of its speculative phase. As evidenced, Johnson was onhand to attest to how bitcoin can be a ‘managable opportunity' for mainstream retailers, even if they jokingly suggested that they don't exactly welcome more entrants to the space.
Johnson made the business case through a story of an interaction with their local hairdresser, who lamented the restrictions of large credit card companies.
“Both large and small businesses have a real incentive to add 2% to 4% to their bottom line,” Johnson said.
But, if cost savings was a uniting discussion point, regulators and law enforcement officials continued to express that certain aspects of the industry, such as mining, if left without supervision, could lead to currency manipulation and consumer fraud.
Princeton professor Ed W. Felten stated there could be a need for regulation in this area, saying “We don't know for sure that would happen if someone were tried to monopolize bitcoin's mining system”.
Bitcoin-specific regulations
Law enforcement officials were firm in their assertion that virtual currencies are “quantitatively different” about virtual currencies, saying that comparisons to burner cell phones or encrypted computers were not applicable to the challenges posed by bitcoin.
“We have seen digital currencies becoming part of the mainstream market, and financial transactions market, and that means that if people misuse this medium for criminal purposes… it is opening a big door into financial transactions around the world,” Vance Jr. said.
Vance Jr. also moved to attack the belief that the public blockchains of some virtual currencies would benefit law enforcement agents.
“Having an IP address and knowing who's behind the IP address are two entirely different things,” Vance Jr. said.
Further, regulators also inquired about the possibility of whether a coin could be programmed to follow regulations implemented by the state.
Bitcoin, an academic view
If most of the day was focused on regulation for bitcoin, the gathered professors gave more attention to the hypotheticals that could disrupt bitcoin and its status as the major player in the market. Regulators inquired as to problems in the system and whether it could truly develop into a lower-cost financial services system for consumers given competition and investor demands for returns.
Athey and Felten focused on highlighting the potential of the technology and defended the value of bitcoin as well as its ability to serve as a payments system despite issues with hoarding and liquidity.
Mark T. Williams, professor at Boston University School of Management, took an opposing view, citing the currency's 9,000% growth in 2013:
“Bitcoin prices have been artificially inflated through a cartel ownership structure, hoarding, market hype and greater opportunities for market manipulation,” Williams said.
While the conversation did discuss the outstanding uncertainties with bitcoin, it also added a more universal perspective on the underlying possibilities of bitcoin technology and their possible applications to better alternatives. However, academics suggested limiting the ability for such experimentation would likely be detrimental long-term.
The entirety of the New York Hearings can be viewed here.
JHANSI: The Government Railway Police (GRP) at Mahoba has lodged FIR against an unidentified Railway Protection Force RPF ) squad for allegedly throwing a 22-year-old engineer off a moving train on Thursday resulting in their death.Rahul Singh's family has alleged in the FIR that they were pushed out when they tried to film RPF constables extorting money from vendors. Singh, who was travelling from Delhi to Mukhari in Bihar on Chambal Express , was found on tracks in Mauranipur in Jhansi on Thursday afternoon with severe injuries.He was rushed to a local hospital where they were declared brought dead.On Friday, their family arrived at Mahoba and filed the FIR on the basis of information provided by co-passengers. GRP has started a probe and written to top RPF authorities for details of the squad travelling on the train.The complaint filed by the family said Singh saw an eight-member RPF squad, including three woman constables, extorting money from illegal vendors in the coach, they started filming it act on their mobile phone. When the constables saw this, they allegedly thrashed Singh. When some passengers objected, they too were allegedly threatened with dire consequences by the RPF squad.Later, the constables allegedly threw Singh off the running train.His family has also alleged that their belongings, the mobile phone, a gold bracelet, chain and baggage are missing. The GRP, however, has recovered Rs 4,700 from their pocket.SP GRP O P Singh said, "An FIR has been lodged against RPF squad on the complaint by the victim's family."
Fulfilling all your Walmart dreams.
Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images
A decade after Amazon launched Prime, its signature membership and free shipping program, Walmart has a rebuttal ready: unlimited shipping for half the price.
Walmart said Wednesday that it will begin limited tests of a subscription shipping program for online shoppers. Those who sign up for the $50 annual service will get unlimited free three-day shipping on more than 1 million of Walmart's top-selling items, with no minimum purchase required.
Walmart says it will start testing the service on an invite-only basis in a limited number of markets later this summer. Ravi Jariwala, a company spokesperson, declined to provide details on which markets in particular, or exactly how many. Walmart is also not sharing details on how it plans to fill the online orders or who will deliver them, but Jariwala added that Walmart works with “a number of different carriers.”
When it comes to all things digital, Walmart knows it needs to do better to keep up with the likes of Amazon, and last fall it announced plans to accelerate investments in e-commerce. The company said it would spend between $1.2 billion and $1.5 billion on those online efforts this year—a big increase from last year's $1 billion. In a sign of how the retail market is swinging, Walmart added that it would continue building new fulfillment centers to speed up delivery for online orders, but offset increased e-commerce costs by adding fewer square feet to its physical stores.
Walmart currently offers a grocery delivery service in five markets, including Phoenix and Huntsville, Alabama. The company also has a “site to store” program that lets customers place orders online and then pick them up for free at a local store. Walmart says that a third of its online orders “somehow touch the store,” meaning the merchandise is either picked up directly at a store, or shipped to customers from a store rather than one of the company's fulfillment centers.
While Walmart's new delivery service will be available for half the price of Amazon Prime, which costs $99 a year, that alone seems unlikely to convince Prime patrons to switch allegiances. For starters, three-day shipping is slower than the standard two-day delivery—and, in select markets and items, two-hour delivery—that Prime provides. Walmart's 1 million eligible items also likely won't compete with the estimated 20 million things available on Prime. Then there's the fact that Amazon Prime now offers many more perks than just delivery—streaming music, streaming movies, and access to the Kindle library, to name a few.
But it's also possible that Walmart's shipping service isn't really trying to go head to head with Amazon's. At $50, it's substantially cheaper, so it makes sense that it would offer much less that Prime. At the same time, Jariwala says the eligible items will include most basic consumables (things like toilet paper and soap and paper towels). If you assume, as Amazon has seemed to, that many people sign up for delivery services largely to keep those everyday necessities in stock, then Walmart's $50 shipping subscription starts to look pretty good. You might not be able to get a horse-head mask delivered in two days, but if your main focus is replenishing essentials, why not try the cheaper service instead?
Familial dysautonomia Facial features of a patient with familial dysautonomia over time. Note flattening of upper lip. By age 10 years prominence of lower jaw is apparent and by age 19 years there is mild erosion of right nostril due to inadvertent self-mutilation. Specialty Neurology
Familial dysautonomia (FD), sometimes called Riley–Day syndrome[1] and hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type III (HSAN-III), is a disorder of the autonomic nervous system which affects the development and survival of sensory, sympathetic and some parasympathetic neurons in the autonomic and sensory nervous system resulting in variable symptoms, including insensitivity to pain, inability to produce tears, poor growth and labile blood pressure (episodic hypertension and postural hypotension). People with FD have frequent vomiting crises, pneumonia, problems with speech and movement, difficulty swallowing, inappropriate perception of heat, pain and taste as well as unstable blood pressure and gastrointestinal dysmotility. FD does not affect intelligence.
Originally reported by Drs. Conrad Milton Riley (1913–2005) and Richard Lawrence Day (1905–1989) in 1949,[2] FD is one example of a group of disorders known as hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathies (HSAN).[3] All HSAN are characterized by widespread sensory dysfunction and variable autonomic dysfunction caused by incomplete development of sensory and autonomic neurons. The disorders are believed to be genetically distinct from each other.
Signs and symptoms [ edit ]
The most distinctive clinical feature is the absence of overflow tears with emotional crying after age 7 months. This symptom can manifest less dramatically as persistent bilateral eye irritation. There is also a high prevalence of breech presentation. Other symptoms include weak or absent suck and poor tone, poor suck and misdirected swallowing, and red blotching of skin.
Symptoms in an older child with familial dysautonomia might include:
Delayed speech and walking Unsteady gait Spinal curvature Corneal abrasion Less perception in pain or temperature with nervous system. Poor growth Erratic or unstable blood pressure. Red puffy hands Dysautonomia crisis: a constellation of symptoms in response to physical and emotional stress; usually accompanied by vomiting, increased heart rate, increase in blood pressure, sweating, drooling, blotching of the skin and a negative change in personality.
Cause [ edit ]
Familial dysautonomia is the result of mutations in IKBKAP gene on chromosome 9, which encodes for the IKAP protein (IkB kinase complex-associated protein). There have been three mutations in IKBKAP identified in individuals with FD. The most common FD-causing mutation occurs in intron 20 of the donor gene. Conversion of T→C in intron 20 of the donor gene resulted in shift splicing that generates an IKAP transcript lacking exon 20. Translation of this mRNA results in a truncated protein lacking all of the amino acids encoded by exons 20–37. Another less common mutation is a G→C conversion resulting in one amino acid mutation in 696, where Proline substitutes normal Arginine. The decreased amount of functional IKAP protein in cells causes familial dysautonomia.
Diagnosis [ edit ]
Clinical diagnosis [ edit ]
A clinical diagnosis of FD is supported by a constellation of criteria:
No fungiform papillae on the tongue
Decreased deep tendon reflexes
Lack of an axon flare following intradermal histamine
No overflow tears with emotional crying
Genetic testing [ edit ]
Genetic testing is performed on a small sample of blood from the tested individual. The DNA is examined with a designed probe specific to the known mutations. The accuracy of the test is above 99%. Dr. Anat Blumenfeld of the Hadasah Medical center in Jerusalem identified chromosome number 9 as the responsible chromosome.
Prenatal testing [ edit ]
Familial dysautonomia is inherited in an autosomal recessive pattern, which means 2 copies of the gene in each cell are altered. If both parents are shown to be carriers by genetic testing, there is a 25% chance that the child will have FD. For pregnancies at increased risk for FD, preimplantation genetic diagnosis or prenatal diagnosis by amniocentesis (at 15–17 weeks) or chorionic villus sampling (at 10–14 weeks) is possible.
Treatment [ edit ]
There is currently no cure for FD and death occurs in 50% of the affected individuals by age 30. There are only two treatment centers, one at New York University Hospital[4] and one at the Sheba Medical Center in Israel.[5] One is being planned for the San Francisco area.[6]
The survival rate and quality of life have increased since the mid-1980s mostly due to a greater understanding of the most dangerous symptoms. At present, FD patients can be expected to function independently if treatment is begun early and major disabilities avoided.
A major issue has been aspiration pneumonia, where food or regurgitated stomach content would be aspirated into the lungs causing infections. Fundoplications (by preventing regurgitation) and gastrostomy tubes (to provide nonoral nutrition) have reduced the frequency of hospitalization.
Other issues which can be treated include FD crises, scoliosis, and various eye conditions due to limited or no tears.
An FD crisis is the body's loss of control of various autonomic nervous system functions including blood pressure, heart rate, and body temperature. Both short-term and chronic periodic high or low blood pressure have consequences and medication is used to stabilize blood pressure.
Treatment of manifestations [ edit ]
Kyphoscoliosis in a 10-year-old girl with HSANIII
Although the FD-causing gene has been identified and it seems to have tissue specific expression, there is no definitive treatment at present. Treatment of FD remains preventative, symptomatic and supportive. FD does not express itself in a consistent manner. The type and severity of symptoms displayed vary among patients and even at different ages on the same patients. So patients should have specialized individual treatment plans. Medications are used to control vomiting, eye dryness, and blood pressure. There are some commonly needed treatments including:
Artificial tears: using eye drops containing artificial tear solutions (methylcellulose) Feeding: Maintenance of adequate nutrition, avoidance of aspiration; thickened formula and different shaped nipples are used for baby. Daily chest physiotherapy (nebulization, bronchodilators, and postural drainage): for Chronic lung disease from recurrent aspiration pneumonia Special drug management of autonomic manifestations such as vomiting: intravenous or rectal diazepam (0.2 mg/kg q3h) and rectal chloral hydrate (30 mg/kg q6h) Protecting the child from injury (coping with decreased taste, temperature and pain perception) Combating orthostatic hypotension: hydration, leg exercise, frequent small meals, a high-salt diet, and drugs such as fludrocortisone. Treatment of orthopedic problems (tibial torsion and spinal curvature) Compensating for labile blood pressures
There is no cure for Familial Dysautonomia.
Prognosis [ edit ]
The outlook for patients with FD depends on the particular diagnostic category. Patients with chronic, progressive, generalized dysautonomia in the setting of central nervous system degeneration have a generally poor long-term prognosis. Death can occur from pneumonia, acute respiratory failure, or sudden cardiopulmonary arrest in such patients.
Parents and patients should generally be educated regarding daily eye care and early warning signs of corneal problems as well as the use of punctal cautery. This education has resulted in decreased corneal scarring and need for more aggressive surgical measures such as tarsorrhaphy, conjunctival flaps, and corneal transplants.
Epidemiology [ edit ]
Familial dysautonomia is seen almost exclusively in Ashkenazi Jews and is inherited in an autosomal recessive fashion. Both parents must be carriers in order for a child to be affected. The carrier frequency in Jewish individuals of Eastern European (Ashkenazi) ancestry is about 1/30, while the carrier frequency in non-Jewish individuals is unknown. If both parents are carriers, there is a one in four, or 25%, chance with each pregnancy for an affected child. Genetic counseling and genetic testing is recommended for families who may be carriers of familial dysautonomia.[citation needed]
Worldwide, there have been approximately 600 diagnoses recorded since discovery of the disease, with approximately 350 of them still living.[7]
Research [ edit ]
In January 2001, researchers at Fordham University and Massachusetts General Hospital simultaneously reported finding the genetic mutation that causes FD, a discovery that opens the door to many diagnostic and treatment possibilities.[8][9]
Despite that it probably would not happen in the near future, some expect that stem-cell therapy will result. Eventually, treatment could be given in utero.[citation needed]
While that may be years ahead, genetic screening became available around April 2001, enabling Ashkenazi Jews to find out if they are carriers. Screening organization Dor Yeshorim offers to test as part of its panel, which also includes Tay–Sachs disease and cystic fibrosis.
In the meantime, more research into treatments is being funded by the foundations that exist. These foundations are organized and run by parents of those with FD. There is no governmental support beyond recognizing those diagnosed with FD as eligible for certain programs.[10]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
The dental industry requires custom-part, single-unit production, with excellent accuracy. Therefore, dentistry is getting more and more attention in the 3D printing industry. Additive manufacturing equipment manufacturers and material suppliers for these printers are already taking notice.
Currently, 3D printing is used to provide a number of products in the dental industry. Most common are wax patterns for fixed prosthodontics and models fabricated from intraoral or impression scans. However, popularity is gaining for orthodontics and removable prosthodontics.
There are basically 5 different 3D printing technologies being used in the dental industry today: Digital Light Projection (DLP), Jet, Stereo-Lithography Apparatus (SLA),Selective Laser Sintering and Direct Laser Metal Sintering (DLMS). The variety of each technology is in the materials used, how those materials are solidified, and how they can be used.
Digital Light Projection (DLP) 3D Printing
The working material for Digital Light Projection is UV- and a visible-light sensitive material (resin) held in a reservoir. A wiper blade spreads material uniformly across the build platform after each layer is printed. DLP then takes advantage of the same technology used in certain television sets and presentation projectors to illuminate the outline of all of the parts simultaneously. The printed material is cured using a lamp or LED light source depending on printer model.
Typical vertical resolution is 13 µm to 50 µm with very good accuracy and excellent surface finish. Post-print processing involves removal of support material by rinsing.
Jet (PolyJet/ProJet) 3d Printing
3D jet printing is just what it sounds like, a more sophisticated big brother of the inkjet printer. Instead of ink being jetted or sprayed onto paper in a single layer, a resin or wax is jetted onto support material, and then onto previously sprayed layers until the part begins to take on depth and shape.
3D Jet printers may have a single print head like a computer printer, or they may have multiple heads to cover the width of the working platform. Either the print head moves across the working platform, or the platform moves back and forth under stationary print head(s). The 3D Systems and Stratasys (formally Objet) printers use a UV lamp or a light source to harden the resin or wax after each layer is jetted. The Solidscape printer jets a heated wax that cold-cures in place and does not require exposure to a UV light source.
Typical layer thickness ranges from 16 µm to 50 µm with excellent accuracy and surface finish. Post-printing processing is simply removal of the support material, usually with a water or oil bath and simple rinsing. Most systems have self-cleaning print heads, so no user intervention is required. The curing light source, if necessary, is usually a Xenon lamp with a long service life.
An example is the The ProJet™ CPX 3000 3D Production System. It uses proprietary Multi-Jet Modeling (MJM) technology combined with new VisiJet® CPX200 wax build Material and new VisiJet® S200 dissolvable wax support Material to produce reportedly 100% RealWax™ patterns that are designed to perform like injected wax patterns in lost-wax casting processes.
3D printing Stereo Lithography Apparatus (SLA)
Stereo Lithography Apparatus (SLA) 3D printing uses a UV-sensitive liquid resin as the working material. A UV-laser is projected on and moves across the reservoir of the resin build material, illuminating and hardening the liquid resin only in the areas where the part is being printed. If multiple parts are being printed, each part is traced on the resin by the laser. The platform holding the part or parts lowers after each layer is printed, and a wiper blade spreads more build material uniformly across the working space. The UV laser makes another pass, tracing the outline of the next layer for each part in the print job. The process is repeated layer by layer until the job is complete. SLA technology allows for varying the layer thickness throughout the printing process. Some layers can be 100 µm thick where accuracy is not critical and then dialed to 50 µm or less when greater accuracy is required.
SLA printing technology is available with a wide variety of materials. A 25-µm to 50-µm layer thickness is achievable with excellent accuracy and good surface finish. SLA typically has slower build times due to the laser outline of each part. Post-print processing may require cutting the final part from the support material, removal of excess material, and the parts placed in a UV oven for final curing.
Selective Laser Sintering (SLS)
Selective laser sintering (SLS) is an additive manufacturing technique that uses a high power laser (for example, a carbon dioxide laser) to fuse small particles of plastic, metal (direct metal laser sintering), ceramic, or glass powders into a mass that has a desired 3-dimensional shape. The laser selectively fuses powdered material by scanning cross-sections generated from a 3-D digital description of the part (for example from a CAD file or scan data) on the surface of a powder bed. After each cross-section is scanned, the powder bed is lowered by one layer thickness, a new layer of material is applied on top, and the process is repeated until the part is completed.
Direct Laser Metal Sintering (DLMS)
DLMS uses a metal powder and SLS typically uses a plastic powder. The powder is spread across the working platform. A laser traces the outline of each part being printed, fusing (DLMS) or melting (SLS) the powder to the layer below it. The platform is lowered, a new layer of material is spread across the platform and the process repeated until the print job is complete.
DLMS technology has traditionally only been available for printing non-precious metals. Recently, Argen has developed its own materials and techniques for the EOS machine that allows them to provide both non-precious and noble metal copings. Post-print processing requires cutting off the support material.
Conclusion
Additive manufacturing technology in the dental industry is gaining popularity. Materials and printing techniques continue to improve as manufacturers receive feedback on what is needed in terms of performance. Available materials are often manufacturer- and, sometimes, machine-specific. Be sure to check with the manufacturer on available materials for any printer under consideration for purchase. Most manufacturers are more than willing to send sample parts if they are sent an STL file to work with. It is a great way to assess the accuracy, finish, and workability of the material produced from the printer.
3D printing technology has been used for years for rapid prototyping (RP). Equipment manufacturers often want to create a prototype part without investing in expensive tooling. Typical use for RP technology has been same-part, small-volume production, with very good to excellent accuracy. The dental industry requires custom-part, single-unit production, with excellent accuracy. The volume of single-unit production in the dental industry is unlike anything the RP industry has encountered before. Dentistry is quite possibly the ultimate industry for RP technology to move into. Additive manufacturing equipment makers and material suppliers for these printers are already taking notice.
– Current applications –
Statasys' focus on digital dentistry
When looking for examples of current applications of 3D printing, you'll find that Stratasys is a real market leader due to their high resolution printers, the Objet Connex and the Objet Eden series. Because these series can promise such high resolutions (down to 6 µm), it is the only real candidate for a precision industry such as digital dentistry.
What makes 3D printing interesting for dental lab owners is that the labs are are able to save time and labor, while at the same time improve the quality and precision of dental parts they manufacture. For a growing number of dental lab owners, digital dentistry is a fact. They have incorporated CAD/CAM automation into their strategic business models.
As Objet says: “At the heart of the new era in digital design is 3D printing. By combining oral scanning, CAD/CAM design and 3D printing, dental labs can accurately and rapidly produce crowns, bridges, stone models, and a range of orthodontic appliances for dental offices.”
Here are five showcases of companies that have incorporated 3D printing in their business models:
ClearCorrect (based in Houston Texas) manufactures clear aligners and serves over 11,000 orthodontic clients. The Objet 3D Printers can rapidly produce whole trays of individually-customized digital stone models which serve as extremely accurate base-mold tools upon which the clear aligners are then thermoformed.
Apex Dental Milling use the Objet Eden260V 3D printer to turn digital impressions into solid dental models for dental and orthodontic clients.
Albensi Dental Laboratories explains the benefits of an Objet 3D printer to their workflow, digitizing their dental process. The benefits include much more accurate dental restorations, higher precision 3D models, delivery times reduced from 5-7 days to 2-3 days, and happier customers.
AB Dental, a global provider of dental surgical guides, describes how their in-house Objet 3D printer allows them to digitally produce surgical guides for the mouth. The use of 3D printers enables AB Dental to rapidly produce highly accurate, customized surgical guides in see-through bio-compatible material and without the need for slow manual work.
Clearstep is a UK based orthodontics lab using Objet 3D printers to rapidly produce customized teeth models for the production of clear aligners and clear positioners. The move for digital orthodontic workflow with the use of Objet 3D printers has enabled the company to achieve consistent accuracy, consistency and speed for their customers.
Virtual reality is currently a war story that is being fought by two main combatants: Oculus (owned by Facebook) and HTC (partnered with Valve). These two colossi, and their respective Rift and Vive VR head mounted displays, will soon be challenged by a third opponent when Sony finally releases its PlayStation VR headset this October. Even though the industry is currently keeping its eyes focused primarily on these three juggernauts, there is also a fourth giant that continues to slumber just outside of the ring. That giant's name is Apple, and it may be beginning to stir.
Today, it's revealed that a patent has been awarded to Apple for a “Head-Mounted Display Apparatus For Retaining A Portable Electronic Device With Display.”
The patent outlines a potential head mounted display that has the ability to “couple” itself with an Apple created smartphone in order to view certain images on the phones screen. The proposed HMD would contain built-in headphones, a lightning connector to merge the two devices, an eyeglasses-like form-factor, and custom lenses.
Apple's outlined invention here has several similarities to the Samsung Gear VR that are immediately recognizable. Both of these devices differentiate themselves from other mobile HMDs such as Google Cardboard, or a variety of overseas knock-offs, through the physical connectors that allow the phone and device to be linked directly. According to the language in the specifications section of the patent, this coupling ability is the primary IP that Apple is interested in protecting with this patent.
The awarding of this patent could be less consequential than it initially seems. Companies like Apple have gargantuan R&D departments that churn out ideas and prototypes faster than they can be reviewed or implemented. The last thing Apple wants is to lose out on is a solid IP because of some slow moving bureaucracy. Therefore, Apple, and companies like it, may patent an invention that it has little intention of actually producing, at least in the short term.
That isn't to say that we will never see this product or something like it on store shelves, but the more interesting revelation, however, is that this patent confirms that Apple is indeed actively creating some type of VR system. What's more, it seems that this device will work closely with iPhones, which makes perfect sense for a company that is so actively involved in and helped kickstart the smartphone market itself. Apple is also confident about the potential of AR as well.
This patent is just a small glimpse into the complex inner workings of Apple Inc. but it is enough to get VR fans excited at the prospect of potentially one day wearing a VR headset made of brushed steel with only one button.
Tagged with: apple, gear vr, HMD, mobile, patent, smartphone, vr industry news, wireless
Summary
Background In the past 15 years, Brazil has undergone notable social and public health changes, including a large reduction in child mortality. The Bolsa Familia Programme (BFP) is a widespread conditional cash transfer programme, launched in 2003, which transfers cash to poor households (maximum income US$70 per person a month) when they comply with conditions related to health and education. Transfers range from $18 to $175 per month, depending on the income and composition of the family. We aimed to assess the effect of the BFP on deaths of children younger than 5 years (under-5), overall and resulting from specific causes associated with poverty: malnutrition, diarrhoea, and lower respiratory infections.
Methods The study had a mixed ecological design. It covered the period from 2004–09 and included 2853 (of 5565) municipalities with death and livebirth statistics of adequate quality. We used government sources to calculate all-cause under-5 mortality rates and under-5 mortality rates for selected causes. BFP coverage was classified as low (0·0–17·1%), intermediate (17·2–32·0%), high (>32·0%), or consolidated (>32·0% and target population coverage ≥100% for at least 4 years). We did multivariable regression analyses of panel data with fixed-effects negative binomial models, adjusted for relevant social and economic covariates, and for the effect of the largest primary health-care scheme in the country (Family Health Programme).
Findings Under-5 mortality rate, overall and resulting from poverty-related causes, decreased as BFP coverage increased. The rate ratios (RR) for the effect of the BFP on overall under-5 mortality rate were 0·94 (95% CI 0·92–0·96) for intermediate coverage, 0·88 (0·85–0·91) for high coverage, and 0·83 (0·79–0·88) for consolidated coverage. The effect of consolidated BFP coverage was the highest on under-5 mortality resulting from malnutrition (RR 0·35; 95% CI 0·24–0·50) and diarrhoea (0·47; 0·37–0·61).
Interpretation A conditional cash transfer programme can greatly contribute to a decrease in childhood mortality overall, and in particular for deaths attributable to poverty-related causes such as malnutrition and diarrhoea, in a large middle-income country such as Brazil.
Worker exposes deadly conditions at Detroit area US Steel mill
By Shannon Jones
12 September 2017
A Facebook post shared more than 15,000 times as of this writing details the harrowing experience of five workers at the United States Steel Great Lakes workers in Ecorse, Michigan, just outside of Detroit, who were exposed to deadly methyl mercaptan gas earlier this year. The incident reveals the callous indifference of management to health and safety and the role of the United Steelworkers union, which functions as an enforcer for the steel companies.
According to a post by Nicholas Doyle, a crane operator at the Great Lakes Works, they and four other men ended up in the hospital after being exposed to methyl mercaptan gas that is well known to be hazardous to humans and can be fatal in high doses.
Doyle describes how in April 2017 they and four other crane operators became sick after being exposed to the gas while working the night shift at the facility. The men reported the smell of gas to management, but were told to keep working. Eventually the men became so sick they could no longer work and parked their cranes. At that point Doyle and another man were taken to the hospital, soon followed by the three other operators.
At the hospital the men were treated and assigned to 72-hour bed rest. They were told not to operate heavy machinery or to report back to work until their symptoms cleared.
A photo from the hospital of one of the workers posted on Facebook
On leaving the hospital, Doyle writes, “Myself and the man I was brought there with were picked up by [US Steel] security and brought back to the mill.” There they were asked to give a statement to the company safety coordinator. They were then forced to wait 12 hours for a company doctor to evaluate them. Finally the men demanded that they be permitted to leave. However, the head of security insisted on making them stay. Only after they threatened to call the police were the men allowed to leave.
However, on arriving back at the mill Doyle reported they got a call from “James Allen who is the Union President of [USW] local 1299 telling them that we needed to stay and wait for the company doctor.” They then waited another seven hours for the company doctor, who, after they examined them, told them to report back to work.
The men did not to work the next day. Doyle reports, “We all called off. The next day, and thank God we did, Dave, the guy I went to the hospital with was found by their wife on their kitchen floor unresponsive. He's still in and out of the hospital. Three days after that, Glenn was hospitalized for almost two weeks.”
Doyle reported that as a result of the incident they and their co-workers faced disciplinary action from the company, with their requests for help being ignored by the union, which warned them against hiring an attorney.
They conclude, “US Steel poisoned us, and is trying to punish us for getting sick because of it. The Union turned its back and we have nowhere to go. We need help. I have paperwork. We all do. Spread this message.”
This is not the first case of workers being poisoned by exposure to toxic levels of methyl mercaptan gas. Four workers at a DuPont Chemical plant in La Porte, Texas died in 2014 after a leak of the deadly substance. As a result the federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) placed the company in its “severe violator” program.
This is not the only serious safety incident reported at the Great Lakes Works this year. In May a 32-year-old contract worker from Cleveland died at the mill after suffering a fall. According to a report by Michigan Occupational Safety and Health Administration (MIOSHA) on the tragedy, “A 47-year-old ironworker was welding shims on a vessel and fell 25 feet striking scaffolding below lacerating their neck and chest.”
Workers at the facility had been working mandatory 12-hour shifts amid reports of dangerous understaffing. Rather than hiring more full-time workers, the company has expanded its use of lower paid contractors who do not get full pay or benefits.
These conditions have been abetted by the USW, which has collaborated with the company's cost cutting drive in the name of ensuring US Steel's global competitiveness. When the contract for US steelworkers expired in 2015, the USW blocked a strike and accepted a contract that further rolled back living standards and working conditions.
For its part MIOSHA has outsourced much of its role to joint union-management safety committees that act as a front for management. In fiscal 2016 MIOSHA carried out inspections of only about 2 percent of Michigan workplaces.
In response to the Facebook post by Doyle, thousands of other workers posted comments in support. The wife of a steelworker wrote, “My husband does work on [Z]ug island [a US Steel mill near the Ecorse facility] every year. They are known to be very particular about keeping everyone in a line like good little soldiers. They act as if they are above their civilian counterparts. Money brings out the evil in everything and everyone. Everyone who passes onto the island knows they are at the mercy of these crackpots. It's disturbing. I'm not the least bit surprised this happened at [US Steel] in Ecorse.”
In August several workers were injured in an explosion at the US Steel facility on Zug Island. The cause of the explosion has not been released.
Another wrote, “Unions no longer care about the employees....they are just for the company!!! But they continue to collect your union dues and do nothing to stand by you!!! Get a good lawyer soon!! Thinking of you guys and hope you all get the help you need for this!!!!”
The collaboration between the USW and US Steel ensures there will be no serious attempt to address safety concerns at the Great Lakes Works. This fact was highlighted by the cover-up of the conditions leading to the tragic death of Jonathan Arrizola in October 2016 at the US Steel Gary Works in northwest Indiana. Arrizola was electrocuted while performing maintenance on an overhead crane just one and a half months after US Steel laid off all maintenance staff and replaced them with contract workers. Non-maintenance staff were forced to take on the work left behind.
The USW international and USW Local 1066 blocked any resistance by steelworkers who were demanding strike action after Arrizola's death, which followed the June 2016 electrocution death of 67-year-old electrician Charles Kremke at the same mill.
USW President Leo Gerard, like the United Auto Workers, has given enthusiastic support to the ultra nationalist, protectionist policies of the Trump administration, including plans to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Gerard was also a member of the Trump administration's Manufacturing Jobs Initiative until the council collapsed in the wake of the Nazi riot in Charlottesville, Virginia.
The nationalist program of the USW is not aimed at defending the rights of steelworkers, but of pitting American steelworkers against their brother steelworkers in China and other countries in a drive to ensure the global “competitiveness” of US Steel and other steel giants and to prepare for war.
The defense of the working conditions of US steelworkers cannot be left in the hands of the USW, which has demonstrated repeatedly that it is a tool of management. Workers must organize rank-and-file committees, independent of the USW, to oversee health and safety and fight for a full and independent investigation of this and other incidents.
The author also recommends:
32-year old worker dies at Detroit area US Steel mill
[24 May 2017]
42-year old steelworker dies at US Steel mill in Granite City, Illinois
[9 March 2017]
Contract worker killed at Indiana steel mill
[18 November 2016]
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
ALEXANDRIA, Va. — With 170,000 federal employees in Virginia and 30 percent of the economy of Northern Virginia dependent on government spending, no state has more to lose from a government shutdown than this one.
And the first concrete gauge of the political fallout may play out here, where a governor's race that had been dominated by the weakness of the two candidates now seems to be focused on the question of which party will take the blame.
With the election just 34 days away, the issue increasingly is raising risks for Kenneth T. Cuccinelli II, the Republican, who is worriedly trying to keep voters angry at Washington Republicans from taking it out on him.
Mr. Cuccinelli, Virginia's attorney general, says they do not support a federal shutdown. They have tried to turn the tables on their Democratic opponent, Terry McAuliffe, by arguing that they would bring the same inflexibility to Richmond that produced the breakdown this week in Washington.
The 2016 Heuer Monza 40th Anniversary edition is one of the most anticipated TAG Heuer releases for some time, and for those of you waiting to see and read more about the latest from TAG Heuer's re-edition range, you're in luck, because we've gone hands-on with the Monza for one of the first detailed reviews. The 2016 model is an perfect blend of the past- two parts 1976 Monza and two parts 2000 Monza- two watches that actually had very little in common other than a name.
To cut to the chase, the 2016 model borrows the dial and hands of the 1976 model and adds those to an enlarged version of the 2000 Monza case. In many ways the combination shouldn't work, because those are two very different watches, but it does. The 1976 Monza was effectively a sporty, special edition Carrera, and one of the first watches to offer a blackened PVD case. The 2000 version was an update of a 1930's Heuer mono-pusher chronograph with a look that veered towards the formal rather than the sporty. Yet here we are with a design in perfect harmony and looking every bit a worthy successor to the Monza name.
Having displayed the watch back in March at the Baselworld show, the good news for those waiting is that the Monza will go on sale in the next few weeks, and we were lucky enough to get our hands on the Monza for this in-depth review ahead of launch. And good news, we had a camera with us to bring you the most detailed photos yet of the new Chronograph.
Dial
It's like being transported back to the 1970s- there's plenty going on with this dial. Starting with the scales on the watch, we have both the usual tachymeter scale- useful for measuring speed- and a Pulsometer scale. The Pulsometer scale was described by Mark Moss in an article they wrote for us a few years ago:
The third scale I referred to above is this, the pulsometer. One that Heuer is justifiably proud of, having held the patent for measuring the pulse rate on a watch or stopwatch since 1908. There are some Heuers from that very early period with pulsometer scales but it, like the decimal scale, is quite limited in use so the watches are much rarer than tachys. The scale works by counting out a specific number of pulses, usually 15, and then referring to the marked number on the scale to derive the pulse rate. The scales are usually marked with the number of pulses to count, as shown on the Carrera below by “Base 15”. The first watch with a scale I remember owning was a pulsometer – a non-chronograph Swatch, it nonetheless worked in the same way, by counting off 15 pulses when the second hand hit 60 and reading the result from the scale. The average pulse rate for an adult is 60-100 so watches with combined scales often only show the pulsometer scale for 15 seconds, not expecting to need to measure pulse rates below 60. Michael Schumacher at their peak famously had a resting heart rate in the mid 30s, but during races an F1 driver's pulse rate rises to over 150. The Carrera 2447 P was intended for medical professionals so can record pulse rates lower than 60 – in fact, although the lowest number it shows on the scale is 20, it could even be used to measure someone with no pulse at all!
One of the recent trends for watch brands reissuing vintage-style watches is the use of yellowed-lume. It's meant to replicate the yellowing of white lume that happens over time, turing the original white markers yellow. We're not really fans of this “faux-vintage” look, and would rather wait for the colouring to naturally happen! Still, TAG Heuer has opted for a more subtle cream colouring than other brands have used, meaning that while you'll notice it in close-up macro shots like these, on the wrist it's less obvious.
The hour markers are a perfect replica of the original “lume strips” on the original Monza and are matched perfectly to the design of the hands.
Keeping it authentic, TAG Heuer has also stuck with the original design of offering different hand-designs on the two sub-dials- a standard fire-red hand for the elapsed seconds (time) and 3 o'clock and a square-bottomed white hand at 9 o'clock for the 30-minute chronograph register- the same design used on the famous Chronomatic-powered watches of the 1970s.
Despite this combination of multiple scales and differing hand designs and colours, the overall look of the dial is perfect. Sporty, yet still easy to read, with the only real change from the original being the “Calibre 17” text above the date window. The dial may look to be a flat-black in some of these photos, but actually has a wonderful starburst finish, which looks great.
Case and Design
The Monza offers the same square-yet-round cushion case design of the 2000 Monza, a favourite of TAG Heuer collectors. The 42mm case is made from Grade 5 titanium and features alternate brushed (sides of the case) and polished (top of the case) finishes.
To achieve the blackened look, the Monza has a titanium-carbide coating, a world away from the PVD-applied coating offered on the 1970s Monza, which more often than not was applied to a brass case. Many people don't know that the resistance of the black coating to scratches and general wear is more down to the hardness of the case than the hardness of the coating- which is why the soft Brass case of the 1970s often have worn poorly.
Another unusual feature of the original Monza that is carried forward to 2016 is the use of polished steel chronograph pushers and crown- neither coated in titanium-carbide. The crown features the Heuer logo (there are no TAG Heuer logos on the watch), while the pusher design is lifted straight from the 2000 Monza.
The watch features a sapphire crystal, with anti-reflective coating on both sides and has a slight domed shape, although it's not that obvious when wearing the watch.
Strap
The strap is without doubt one of the best aspects of the watch and one that shows the length that TAG Heuer has gone to ensure authenticity. TAG Heuer could have simply fitted a standard calf-skin strap from the existing Carrera collection, but instead chose to design a “full grain” calfskin leather strap that looks identical to the iconic “Tropic” strap used by the Monza in the 1970s. But while that strap was made from rubber and designed to look like leather, we now have a leather strap designed to look like the old rubber design!
This is one of the nicest leather straps on the market, offering that true 1970s look, but with modern, luxury materials. The clasp is a deployant strap with a titanium folding buckle.
Caseback and Movement
The caseback does not offer a sapphire back (the 2000-era Calibre 36 Monza did), but that's a small price to pay, because the 2016 model features this ultra-cool bright red Heuer shield with bright-white “Monza” text. Again you see the attention to detail here, with a brushed case back in the centre, edged by a polished finish. We always love when watch companies spend so much time on small details like these that will only ever be seen by the wearer.
The Calibre 17 movement is the same as the one used in the 2000 TAG Heuer Monza, the Calibre 17 Chronograph, which is an ETA 2894-2 movement, fitted with a TAG Heuer rotor. This is TAG Heuer's “go-to” movement for two-register Chronograph layouts and is a reliable and well-sorted movement.
On the Wrist
Confession time: we loved the look of the new Monza when we first saw the photo, but there was one concern- the decision to increase the size of the case from the original 38mm to a larger 42mm- remember that it's usual to have a smaller diameter on a square-cased watch (for example, the Monaco is “only” 39mm). To us, the 38mm 2000 Monza is perfect…which means the 2016 must be too big- or is it?
The saving grace of the increased size is that firstly, it fits with the sporty-nature of the watch and secondly, the watch maintains a relatively slim case height. The 2000 Monza was more of a dressy chronograph, a style that is better suited to a smaller case. Helping the size equation is also the use of a light-weight titanium case
So, let's go back to the original question- is the new Monza too big? Well, it's not too big, but we probably would have left the case size where it was- having said that, case size is always a personal choice. As recent sales figures show, TAG Heuer clearly knows its customers and their preference for larger case sizes, even though we'd rather stay at 41mm and below for the majority of watches.
Putting dimensions to one side, the Monza looks fantastic on the wrist- we love it. The deployant offers infinite size adjustment, meaning it's easy to find the right fit for your wrist.
Price and Availability- Heuer Monza CR2080
Prices for the 2016 TAG Heuer Monza 40th Edition are as follows:
Switzerland- CHF4,900
Europe- €4,700
North America- US$5,200
Hong Kong- HKD40,900
The watch is a numbered limited edition, although at the time of going to “print”, TAG Heuer was yet to confirm how many Monza's would be made. We'll update the article when numbers are confirmed.
In Summary The 2000 Monza is one of our favorite TAG Heuer designs, and the decision to pair that wonderful cushion case with the sporty dial of the 1970s is a combination that shouldn't work, but certainly does. The hype around this watch is justified, with a look and feel unlike any other watch on the market today- no-one will mistake your new Monza for anything else. TAG Heuer has gone to extreme lengths to maintain the authenticity of the original 1976 Monza, from the design and font on the dial, to the use of stainless steel pushers and crown, and to the beautiful grain calfskin strap. Detail, detail, details. There is enough here for vintage lovers as well as for those who never knew the original models- the Monza has the making of a true modern classic. We like: The design is a perfect combination of two-generations of the Monza, yet the combination is harmonious and offers the best of both designs
TAG Heuer has a history of offering sporty models in Red and Black- the Monza perfectly combines these colours for a sharp, distinctive look
The case design is beautiful, especially the edged design on the upper case We'd change: Use of standard lume, rather than the aged look
The original was 38mm, the new one is 42mm- we'd meet in the middle at 40mm for the best of both worlds
We get the use of the Calibre 17, but would be great to see a modified CH-80 on special editions like this
***
Join the Discussion
Washington State Attorney General Bob Ferguson presented more evidence Thursday in the state's lawsuit against Comcast, claiming the cable and internet giant conducted even more deceptive billing practices than previously alleged.
Ferguson filed a lawsuit in 2016 against Comcast for $100 million, saying the cable and Internet provider misled consumers about the scope of its service protection plan, charged fees for services that were supposed to be free, and conducted improper credit checks. The suit says Comcast misrepresented the scope of its Service Protection Plan (SPP) as part of more than 1.8 million violations of Washington's Consumer Protection Act (CPA).
Comcast's Service Protection Plan costs $4.99 per month. Ferguson said this allegedly misleading plan cost 500,000 Comcast customers at least $73 million in fees from 2011 through the end of 2015.
A sample of recorded calls between SPP subscribers and Comcast representatives obtained by the AG's office revealed Comcast signed up more than half of all SPP subscribers without their consent. The AG's office said Comcast deceived consumers, telling them the SPP plan was free, when in fact, Comcast automatically charged them every month.
“This new evidence makes clear that Comcast's conduct is even more egregious than we first realized,” Ferguson said. “The extent of their deception is shocking, and I will hold them accountable for their treatment of Washington consumers.”
The AG's office also claims Comcast refused to produce call recordings between the company and Washington customers, which impeded their investigation. Only after a judge ordered Comcast to comply in May 2017 did Comcast admit it already deleted 90% of the calls that the AG's office had been requesting as part of its investigation. The AG's office filed a motion, asking the judge to levy sanctions against Comcast for discarding potential evidence.
Ferguson says the lawsuit is the first case of its kind in the U.S. Ferguson alleges there were more than 1.8 million individual violations of the Washington state Consumer Protection Act.
Ferguson also accused Comcast of charging for other services that should have been free. Comcast allegedly promised customers it would not charge them for a service visit resulting from a problem that was Comcast's.
Comcast said in a statement that the company strongly disagrees with Ferguson's claims.
"The Attorney General's new assertions are largely based on a flawed methodology and assumptions, and today's press conference misrepresented the facts," said Marianne Bichsel, vice president of external affairs for Comcast's Washington Region, in a statement.
The AG's Office is seeking:
$73 million for the Service Protection Plan
$1 million for the service calls that should have been free
Removal of improper credit checks from over 6,000 customers
Up to $2,000 per violation of the Consumer Protection Act
Correct the issues that led to the allegations
It's not clear how many individual customers could receive in refunds if the state wins or settles the lawsuit.
Related: Washington suing Comcast for $100 million for improper fees, credit checks
Copyright 2017 KING
NEW DELHI: A Srinagar-based organization Kashmiri Pandit Sangharsh Samiti (KPSS) has accused the investigating agencies of shielding the culprits of the 2003 Nadimarg massacre , some of whom it claims, were the local youth from adjoining villages.24 Kashmiri Pandits were massacred in cold-blood in Nadimarg village of south Kashmir on March 23, 2003.The KPSS, a body that fights for the rights of the Kashmiri Pandits who stayed behind in the valley and were not part of the mass exodus of the community in 1990, in a statement issued on Wednesday said that the role of the agencies investigating the Nadimarg massacre was “in question” since not a single conspirator has been arrested or convicted in the last 14 years.The investigating officials “always give us cold shoulder whenever they are asked about their failure to identify and book the culprits who are responsible for this heinous crime,” the KPSS chairperson Sanjay Tickoo said.The KPSS claimed that it independently conducted a “ground zero investigation” and found that the massacre was a “well-planned attempt by some armed insurgents and local youths from the adjoining villages” to take “revenge” of the 2002 Gujrat riots and to “celebrate” the Pakistan Resolution Day.As per the KPSS investigation, the gunmen “with youth from the adjoining village(s) visited Nadimarg on 21st and 22nd of March, 2003” to do a recce for their pre-planned attack. “On 23rd of March, 2003 at 10:30 PM, the militants with the active support from the youths of the adjoining villages came in Indian Army uniform and cordoned the KP houses, brought them out, made them to sit on their knees in a line and finally shot at their faces mercilessly killing 24 Kashmiri Pandits,” the statement said.The investigating officer or agency “did not investigate the matter with any intention to book the culprits, for reasons best known to them or them,” the KPSS said.The organization demanded the state government to set up a “Truth and Justice Commission” that can look into all such crimes that took place in the state in the last 27 years.
Image caption The injunction had blocked the disclosure of details about the alleged affair
A married footballer named on Twitter as having an injunction over an alleged affair with a reality TV star has been identified in Parliament as Ryan Giggs.
Lib Dem MP John Hemming named the Manchester United star during an urgent Common question on privacy orders.
Using parliamentary privilege to break the court order, they said it would not be practical to imprison the 75,000 Twitter users who had named the player.
The High Court has again ruled that the injunction should not be lifted.
It rejected two attempts on Monday to overturn the ban, the first after a Scottish paper named the footballer on Sunday, and the second after Mr Hemming's action.
The player obtained the order against ex-Big Brother contestant Imogen Thomas, who is a former Miss Wales, and the Sun newspaper.
The footballer's lawyers have also obtained a High Court order asking Twitter to reveal details of users who had revealed their identity after thousands named him.
Analysis Lib Dem MP John Hemming was fully protected by parliamentary privilege. Media organisations have only qualified privilege which means they do not have an absolute right to report what an MP says in Parliament. In reality though once an MP says something in Parliament it is very difficult to stop that becoming widely known. News organisations were torn between their duty to observe a court order and their obligation to viewers, listeners and readers. Once some news organisations started publishing Ryan Giggs's name, other news organisations agreed that it would be unrealistic to pretend that the injunction had any purpose or would be maintained beyond the afternoon. Giggs' privacy: Judges Vs MPs
Parliamentary privilege protects MPs and peers from prosecution for statements made in the House of Commons or House of Lords.
Addressing MPs, Mr Hemming said: "Mr Speaker, with about 75,000 people having named Ryan Giggs it is obviously impracticable to imprison them all."
House of Commons speaker John Bercow interrupted the MP saying: "Let me just say to the honourable gentleman, I know he's already done it, but occasions such as this are occasions for raising the issues of principle involved, not seeking to flout for whatever purpose."
John Hemming later told the BBC why they had named Mr Giggs.
"Basically when he... showed that they were going to go after relatively normal people and try and prosecute them, for gossiping about them on a matter of trivia, I think they have to be held to account for that," they said.
John Whittingdale, Conservative chairperson of the Commons culture committee, said they "regretted" Mr Hemming's use of parliamentary privilege to name Mr Giggs.
"Firstly because I think, if MPs think the law is wrong then we should change the law rather then flout the law," they said.
"And secondly because the result of that is that the only thing being reported is the name of Ryan Giggs and we're rather losing sight of the bigger issue, which is how the law of privacy is operating in the UK."
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Lib Dem MP John Hemming named Ryan Giggs during a debate in Parliament
Labour MP Tom Harris said it was "incredibly irresponsible" of Mr Hemming to name the footballer.
"We leave these decisions up to judges who are very careful to look at both sides of the argument, and then suddenly you have a self-publicist like John Hemming," they said.
"There's no justification for it whatever," they added.
"I genuinely believe that people in this country, even multi-millionaires, have got a right to privacy."
Mr Justice Eady said when rejecting a second application - the first of Monday's attempts - by Sun publisher News Group Newspapers to discharge the privacy injunction, that the court's duty "remains to try and protect the claimant, and particularly their family, from intrusion and harassment so long as it can".
The Attorney General Dominic Grieve told the Commons the prime minister had asked for a joint committee of peers and MPs to investigate the use of privacy orders.
Obviously the San Francisco-based site did not set out to be at the centre of a British media firestorm Twitter's super-injunction surge
David Cameron has written a letter to Mr Whittingdale, recommending the setting up of a new body.
Earlier on Monday, the prime minister told ITV1's Daybreak that banning newspapers from naming such stars while the information was widely available on the internet was both "unsustainable" and "unfair".
In another case brought by a separate footballer, known to the court as TSE, a High Court judge ruled on Monday that comments on Twitter about the private life of a famous person did not mean there should be no injunction preventing newspapers from publishing stories about him.
Midfielder Ryan Giggs, 37, is Manchester United's most senior player, having appeared in 613 games.
They celebrated with the team at Old Trafford on Sunday as they were crowned English league champions for a record 19th time, and is expected to be in the squad to face Barcelona in Saturday's European Champions League final at Wembley.
The player, who made 64 appearances for Wales before retiring from international football in 2007, was awarded an OBE that year.
They were named BBC Sports Personality of the Year in 2009.
6 years ago
Washington (CNN) - Rick Perry is inviting close friends and supporters to an event next Monday in San Antonio where they are expected to announce if they plan to seek an unprecedented fourth full term as Texas governor, CNN has learned.
Perry "will be making an announcement around mid-day in San Antonio concerning their exciting future plans," according to a "Save the Date" email obtained Tuesday by CNN. The announcement comes as Perry finds themselves at the center of a high-profile legislative fight over abortion rights in their state.
"Please join their family and closest friends on July 8th," reads the email, which is being circulated to their political allies. "Details to follow."
Perry has long said they will make a decision about their political future after the conclusion of this year's legislative session, but because Democrats blocked the abortion measure with an attention-grabbing filibuster by state Sen. Wendy Davis last week, the governor was forced to call another session to tackle that issue and others.
Originally, Perry was supposed to announce their 2014 plans this week.
Most Texas political insiders don't expect Perry, who has held the state's top office since 2000, to run again, though many say they are considering another presidential run after their ill-fated 2012 effort.
As of the last financial reporting period, Perry, one of the Republican Party's top fundraisers, had just $6 million in their campaign war chest. The next Republican in line for the governorship, state Attorney General Greg Abbott, had $18 million.
But people close to Perry have also been reminding reporters in recent weeks that they have a knack for changing their mind.
"I don't think anyone knows what they are going to do until they get up there and says it," Ray Sullivan, Perry's former chief-of-staff, when asked about next week's event.
Before seeking a third term in 2010, Perry said they were not going to run again before changing their mind and trouncing Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison in a titanic Republican primary fight. Perry said no to a presidential run for many months, before ultimately jumping into the race in August 2011.
Then, after saying they would suspend their campaign following a disappointing finish in the 2012 Iowa caucuses, Perry suddenly tweeted that they would continue on in South Carolina, which surprised many of their staffers.
Perry-watchers got a clue that they might be nearing an announcement about their latest plans earlier Tuesday, when a Texas radio host interviewing Perry about the special session said "we get a few more weeks before we start badgering you about your future plans."
Perry responded, "Yeah, or less even, we may let you know a little bit before that."
AHMEDABAD: Gujarat chief minister Anandiben Patel on Monday said that Ahmedabad police should launch a drive against hotels that allow youths to book rooms on hourly basis.“The intention is always suspicious whenever a hotel room is booked for two to three hours. I request police to take action against hotels that permit such wrongdoing in their premises,” Patel said addressing an event to commemorate the 51st anniversary of Government Girl's Polytechnic Patel recounted how they were disturbed by news of college-going girl murdered by their boyfriend in King Palace Hotel recently. “If you are friends, go to a park or best muster courage to introduce your friend to your parents. Why book a hotel?” Patel told the audience comprising girl students, asking parents and teachers to teach self-defence techniques to girls.The CM also expressed concern over poor nutrition levels of young girls. “Eating pizza is making girls weak. Schools and colleges should launch a blood test drive to check haemoglobin and calcium levels of girl students.”
It would be a classic Trump tactic to deflect attention from their troubles with wire-tapping claims and replacing the healthcare law – but it would also be risky
At 7.44pm ET Brian Fallon, former press secretary to Hillary Clinton, tweeted breathlessly: “The holy grail.”
Ninety-eight minutes and a somewhat anticlimactic Rachel Maddow Show later, Fallon tweeted again: “Dems should return focus to Trumpcare tomorrow & the millions it will leave uninsured, not get distracted by two pages from '05 tax return.”
Trump had to pay millions due to tax law they aim to abolish, leaked return shows Read more
It was neither the holy grail, nor the smoking gun, nor the long-awaited release of all Trump's tax returns with all their potential Russian secrets. Instead it was two pages, broadcast on Maddow's programme on MSNBC, showing that in 2005 Trump earned $150m and paid $38m ($5.3m in regular federal income tax and $31m in the “alternative minimum tax”, which they have said should be scrapped).
The White House got in its retaliation early, in fact even before the programme went on air. “You know you are desperate for ratings when you are willing to violate the law to push a story about two pages of tax returns from over a decade ago,” it said in a statement emailed to journalists with unusual zeal and which also repeated the Trump trope of “the dishonest media”.
Rather than being a clarifying moment, it was yet again a small piece of a much larger jigsaw, raising more questions and fuelling further intrigue. Who sent the documents and why? They turned up in the mailbox of David Cay Johnston, a tax expert and author of a book on Trump, without explanation.
Appearing on Maddow's show, Johnston quickly floated the possibility that the tax returns might have been leaked by Trump himself. If this theory is true, 2005 would have been a sensible year from which to flaunt their wealth: their reality TV hit The Apprentice had launched in 2004. And on cue, Trump's son Donald Jr tweeted at 10.08pm: “Thank you Rachel Maddow for proving to your #Trump hating followers how successful @realDonaldTrump is & that they paid $40mm in taxes! #Taxes”.
It would be a classic Trump tactic to deflect attention from their troubles with wire-tapping claims and replacing the healthcare law, also known as Obamacare. But it would also be a risky one, driving attention back to the issue of why they are the first president in 40 years to refuse to release their tax returns. This is the man who, when in the first presidential debate Clinton suggested they don't pay federal income taxes, interjected: “That makes me smart.”
Trump claims they cannot release their taxes while they are under audit. Yet they did so on Tuesday night in the White House's pre-emptive statement. Zac Petkanas, a senior adviser to the Democratic National Committee, said: “The White House's willingness to release some tax information when it suits them proves Donald Trump's audit excuse is a sham. If they can release some of the information, they can release all of the information.
“The only reason not to release their returns is to hide what's in them such as financial connections with Russian oligarchs and the Kremlin.”
The limited leak also shines a light on how Trump – and the rich in general – play the tax system to their advantage (“that makes them smart”). Johnston noted that in the 2005 return they continued to benefit from the roughly $916m loss they reported in their 1995 return, published last year by the New York Times. “Using a loophole Congress closed in 1996, Trump converted that loss into a tax credit for the same amount they could offset against income,” Johnston wrote.
Trump's supporters gleefully seized on the hype as a non-story. The holy grail, however, is still out there somewhere.
2013 Award Info
>> 2013 WINNER >> 2013 FINALISTS >> Contact
LONGHORNS' JACKSON JEFFCOAT IS THE 2013 HENDRICKS AWARD WINNER
CHICAGO, IL - The Ted Hendricks Foundation is pleased to announce that University of Texas senior Jackson Jeffcoat has become the 12th recipient of the Ted Hendricks Award. In the most competitive vote in the Award's history, Jeffcoat edged out Missouri's Michael Sam and Louisville's Marcus Smith for the 2013 version of the Hendricks Herf-Jones trophy. Other finalists included Vic Beasley of Clemson, Shilique Calhoun of Michigan State and Brad Daly of Montana State.
Jeffcoat's on-field achievements this season include:
- Third in FBS sacks with 12
- Big 12 Conference Defensive Player of the Year
- Bednarik Award Semifinalist
- Three-Time Big 12 Defensive Player of the Week
- 80 Total Tackles - 21 for loss
Jeffcoat's off-field achievements are even more impressive. They include:
- Participation in a local version of the "Read Across America" program. Included reading to students at a dual language elementary school in both English and Spanish.
- One of four Longhorn football players that has regularly visited patients at an Austin Children's Hospital on the Fridays before home games during their time at Texas.
- Serves as a mentor at local elementary and middle schools as part of the Longhorn Leaders Program.
- Will graduate with a degree in Corporate Communications this December, finishing in 3 1/2 years.
In announcing their 2013 winner, Ted Hendricks had the following statement:
"He is a team leader, a versatile pass rusher and relentless defender of the run. Jackson Jeffcoat gets the nod as the 2013 Ted Hendricks Defensive End of the Year. It was a tight race for the award this year and it included several young men who distinguished themselves as top-echelon players. But what really tipped the scales was Jackson's community involvement.  They are an exceptionally well-rounded young man. There's no mistaking their contributions both on and off the field and I welcome them as an excellent addition to the previous winners of this award!"
The 2013 Hendricks Award presentation dinner will take place this coming spring in Miami, FL (time and place to be determined). Photos courtesy of the University of Texas
PDF OF THIS PRESS RELEASE
Ted Hendricks
Pro Football Hall of Fame '90 Sam Poulos
Hendricks Award Director
Image copyright PA Image caption Mr Cameron urged people to spare a thought this Christmas for those looking after others at home and abroad
David Cameron has stressed their pride in the UK's "Christian values" in their annual Christmas message.
The prime minister said "giving, sharing and taking care of others" at home and around the world was something the UK could be depended upon for.
Deputy PM Nick Clegg said the values of love, hope and charity expressed in the Christmas story were "universal".
Labour's Ed Miliband urged voters to choose "generosity and inclusion" in the looming election battle next year.
In their seasonal message, Mr Cameron - the only one of the three leaders to describe themselves as Christian - praised the work of the military, aid workers and medical volunteers abroad as well as emergency service workers in the UK.
"Among the joyous celebrations we will reflect on those very Christian values of giving, sharing and taking care of others," the Conservative leader said.
"This Christmas I think we can be very proud as a country at how we honour these values through helping those in need at home and around the world.
"So this Christmas, as we celebrate the birth of Christ with friends, families and neighbours, let us think about those in need at home and overseas, and of those extraordinary professionals and volunteers who help them."
'1914 truce'
The message from Mr Miliband - who has said they do "not believe in God personally" - recalled the famous truce observed by soldiers in the trenches on Christmas Day 1914.
Image copyright Imperial War Museum Image caption Ed Miliband and Nick Clegg said events 100 years ago were a sobering reminder of our shared humanity
"One hundred years ago soldiers on the Western Front stopped their hostilities to cross no man's land, to shake hands and - famously - to play football," they said.
"In the midst of a tragic conflict the generosity, hope and sense of human solidarity that is characteristic of the Christian faith and culture came to the fore. What an extraordinary and unexpected event.
"We need the same sense of compassion in the face of the suffering and hatred that afflicts parts of our world. I am proud that the Labour movement has such deep roots in the Christian tradition of social activism and solidarity in the United Kingdom."
Turning their thoughts to 2015 - in which the general election is scheduled to take place on 7 May - they added: "Our country faces a choice next year. Let's choose generosity and inclusion."
'Fairer world'
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg also based their message on the Christmas truce, saying it had offered soldiers on both sides a "moment's respite" from the violent conflict in which they were engaged.
"This Christmas and beyond, we can each do our bit to help secure the fairer, more peaceful world that the soldiers in 1914 longed for and our children deserve: reaching out to those people - wherever they may be - who feel isolated, who are caught up in conflict or who need our help," they said.
Mr Clegg, who said in 2007 that they were not an "active believer", said that the "heart" of the Christmas festivities is "the birth of Jesus Christ, a time of joy and celebration for Christians around the world".
The Christian values of love, charity and hope expressed through the story are "universal, speaking to and uniting people of all faiths and none", they added.
Tenth Street School is located on Olympic Boulevard
A Metro bus stop sign on Olympic Blvd.
Olympic Boulevard (formerly 10th Street) is a major arterial road in Los Angeles, California. It stretches from Ocean Avenue on the western end of Santa Monica to East Los Angeles—farther than Wilshire Boulevard and most other streets.
Its path runs parallel to and north of Pico Boulevard from Santa Monica to Downtown Los Angeles, and parallel to and south of Santa Monica Boulevard on its western end and Wilshire Boulevard past Beverly Hills.
Like other major Los Angeles streets, Olympic is at least four lanes in width. Unlike other east-west arterial roads such as Wilshire Boulevard, Santa Monica Boulevard, and Sunset Boulevard, it does not cross major attractions and sites and therefore contains far less traffic. While Wilshire crosses through the heart of Los Angeles, Olympic runs through the southern end of principal areas such as West Los Angeles, Westwood, Century City, Beverly Hills, Hancock Park, Koreatown, Westlake and Downtown Los Angeles. Little Ethiopia is east of Fairfax Avenue and Olympic. Proceeding east on Olympic, it breaks off in Downtown LA's Fashion District but continues on from there, passing the southern areas of Boyle Heights, East Los Angeles and Montebello with an eastern terminus in Montebello as a small neighborhood street.
Olympic Boulevard is primarily a commercial, urban street. There is a grass divider with trees in the Santa Monica portion. Around Carthay, Olympic passes through residential neighborhoods. A number of schools are located on Olympic as well. Crossroads School is located at Olympic and 20th in Santa Monica, New Roads Middle School is located at the Franklin/Berkeley St. area in Santa Monica. and Wildwood School is located in between Bundy and Barrington. Los Angeles High School is located slightly to the east of Olympic and Highland Avenue.
Olympic expands to six lanes starting east of Santa Monica and generally maintains a speed limit of 45 miles per hour (72 km/h). Even so, due to Los Angeles traffic, Olympic often becomes congested.
It was originally named 10th Street, but was renamed Olympic Boulevard for the 1932 Summer Olympics, as that was the occasion of the tenth modern event. Tenth Street School, at Olympic and Grattan, was founded in 1888 and has kept the original name. Parts of the old 10th Street exist as smaller streets near Hancock Park, in Westlake, and in the Central City East area southeast of Downtown.
Transportation [ edit ]
Bus service throughout Olympic Boulevard is served between Santa Monica and Century City by Santa Monica Transit line 5, between Century City and Downtown LA by Metro Local line 28 and Metro Rapid line 728, and from The Fashion District east by Metro Local lines 62 and 66.[1]
Notable landmarks [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Byron B. Brainard (1894–1940), Los Angeles City Council member who accessed state money for the widening of the boulevard.
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Given what we've seen unfolding on college campuses in recent years, can anyone blame conservative students for being afraid to speak out?
PJ Media reports:
Conservative Students Fear Intense Backlash for Talking Politics, Study Finds
Conservative students fear the most backlash for sharing their political views, according to a new study conducted by Heterodox Academy, a group of professors working to support viewpoint diversity in academia. “Our preliminary results suggest that students fear discussing racial issues the most and that their greatest concern is criticism from their peers,” writes Sean Stevens, the group's research director.
According to the study, conservative kids are the most likely to fear that their political views could be criticized as “offensive,” and they are most likely to fear retaliation from professors in the form of lower grades.
Conservative students also indicate the most fear of being reported to the administration for thought-crime, according to the results. This means students don't just fear social backlash, but administrative punishment, too. Considering that most colleges have mechanisms to sanction wrong-thinkers, students have a valid concern.
According to the Foundation for Individual Rights in Higher Education (FIRE), almost 40 percent of colleges in the U.S have “severely restrictive” speech policies designed to prevent offensive remarks on the basis of race, gender, and class. An expression of conservative views (for example: that illegal immigration poses a serious threat to the country) could easily be considered a violation of policy at many of these schools, if overheard by a liberal student.
Keep the seat up or change it say urologists after increase in penis crush injuries
Doctors have expressed considerable concerns about the growing trend for heavy wooden and ornamental toilet seats after a number of male toddlers were admitted with crush injuries to their penises.
Writing in the December issue of BJU International, Dr Joe Philip and their colleagues at Leighton Hospital, Crewe, report on four boys under the age of four, who were admitted with injuries serious enough to require an overnight stay.
"As Christmas approaches many families will be visiting relatives and friends and their recently toilet trained toddlers will be keen to show how grown up they are by going to the toilet on their own" they say.
"It is important that parents check out the toilet seats in advance, not to mention the ones they have in their own homes, and accompany their children if necessary.
"A recent market research report has suggested that there has been a worldwide increase in the number of wooden and ceramic toilet seats sold. We would not be surprised to hear that other colleagues have noticed an increase in penis crush injuries as a result of this."
The four boys, aged from two to four, all attended as urological emergencies.
All had been recently toilet trained and they were using the toilet on their own. They had lifted the toilet seats, which had then fallen back down, crushing their penises.
Three had a build up of fluid in their foreskin, but were still able to pass urine, and the fourth had glanular tenderness.
Luckily there were no urethal injuries or bleeding and the symptoms settled down with pain relief. All the children were able to go home the next day.
The authors have come up with four key recommendations:
1. Parents should consider fitting toilet seats that fall slowly and with reduced momentum, markedly reducing the risk and degree of injury.
2. Heavier toilet seats could be banned in houses with male infants.
3. Households with male infants should consider leaving the toilet seat up after use, even though it contradicts the social norm of putting it down.
4. Parents could educate their toddlers to hold the toilet seat up with one hand when they pass urine and keep an eye on them until they are confident that they are able to do it unsupervised.
"As any parent knows, toilet training can be a difficult time with any toddler" concludes Dr Philip. "We are concerned that the growing trend of heavy toilet seats poses a risk not only to their health, but to their confidence."
###
For further information and copies of the letter please contact
Annette Whibley, Wizard Communications
+44(0)121 705 3575 / +44(0)7941 465757
wizard.media@virgin.net
Notes to editors
Public interest warning: should we ban wooden/ornamental toilet seats for male infants Philip et al. BJU International. 102, p 1749. (December 2008).
Established in 1929, BJU International is published 23 times a year by Wiley-Blackwell and edited by Professor John Fitzpatrick from Mater Misericordiae University Hospital and University College Dublin, Ireland. It provides its international readership with invaluable practical information on all aspects of urology, including original and investigative articles and illustrated surgery. www.bjui.org
New York Yankees Let's compare Aroldis Chapman and Jared Weaver: Pelvic-Scapular-Separation-Style By
Sean recently texted me an article talking about the concept of “Hip to Shoulder Separation” that has become popular in recent years and asked for my thoughts—there were plenty. It sent me down a pitching mechanics wormhole. Please enjoy.
First off, baseball players and especially coaches need to improve their anatomical vocabulary. We often talk about the hips when we are actually talking about the relationship between the pelvis and the spine rather than the femoral head and the acetabulum. When we say shoulder, are we talking about the gleno-humeral joint or the scapular-thoracic joint, or the whole shoulder complex? This lack of common and proper vocabulary adds unneeded confusion when trying to express our thoughts. I liken it to trying to write a book, but only having access to half of the alphabet. You may have a great story in your head, but if someone tried to read it they'd have no idea what you were trying to say.
The last anatomical critique I'll make before jumping into an analysis of “Hip to Shoulder Separation” is the use of the word core and how most people think the core works. The core is more than just your abs. The core is a group of muscles around your spine, starting at the bottom with the pelvic floor and going all the way up to the deep neck flexors. It is comprised mainly of muscles that contain a high percentage of fibers that are built for stability and endurance. Your core is not going to be directly responsible for rapid motions. It is meant to be an anchor to give you proximal stability, which allows for you to have distal mobility. In other words, the more stable your core is, the greater your potential to get the legs and arms moving quicker and stronger and thus throwing and hitting harder.
Additionally, when you use the muscles meant for motion to stabilize, you put yourself at a greater risk of injury because these muscles will fatigue quicker and will no longer be able to provide the stability needed to complete whatever motion you are trying to accomplish. With the violence of the pitching motion, stability is of the utmost importance.
Now that I'm off my soapbox, let's get into the nitty-gritty of what is going on when we create Pelvic-Scapular-Separation. One of the biggest proponents of this concept is Tom House, who is mentioned extensively in Matthew Schissel's article at Inning's Pitched (the one that set off a lot of feelings inside of me). I worked under a House-trained pitching coach between college and graduate school. Their approach to pitching mechanics changed the way I look at baseball and greatly increased my desire to learn more about biomechanics. I've extrapolated a lot from their work and applied it to the swing.
“Hip-Shoulder-Separation” was one of the most important concepts. It makes sense on a fundamental level—by stretching the body you put it under tension like an elastic band, creating potential energy, which can be released as kinetic energy. Because energy cannot be created or destroyed, only transferred, by generating more potential energy you can release more kinetic energy and throw harder. I completely agree with this. As with much of my disagreement with House's approach, the problem I have is with the rationale used to describe what is going on in this process and how we go about creating it.
As Schissel, puts it: “The hips open up and fire before the core engages, and then the shoulders and arm follows. So the hips need to be strong, mobile, and steady to keep everything else in line and on track.” It's a great attempt at describing what is going on, but is severely misguided.
The hips (pelvis?) can't efficiently open up and fire without the core being engaged already. By trying to get stability from the hip musculature, a pitcher is limiting their potential and setting themselves up for injury. The stability we see comes from the core and allows the pelvis to open up. In order for this to happen effectively, the core musculature must be at a proper length-tension relationship and alignment. In an efficient system, when a person changes their center of mass over their base of support, the core will kick in automatically. Below is a freeze frame of Aroldis Chapman at the very beginning of their leg kick (a change in base of support) before they throw the fastest pitch ever recorded. If anyone is ever going to have this proper relationship, it is this man, on this pitch.
The quick and dirty way to analyze this is to look at the relationship between their xiphoid process (the little bony point at the bottom of the sternum) and the pubic symphysis (the point where the two pubic bones come together. These two points should be vertically on top of each other at the start of the motion towards the plate. The Reds' jerseys make this very easy to do as there is a stripe going down the midline, which gives us an easy reference point to look at. This allows Chapman to make full use of their athleticism by activating a feed-forward mechanism that starts in the core and increases neuromuscular excitement throughout theirs system.
This alone won't make you throw gas. Chapman also has the benefit of having ridiculous spinal and pelvic mobility. That is what actually enables the Pelvis-Scapular-Separation.
A lot of pitching coaches preach pinching the shoulder blades together to either increase stability or increase the potential energy that can be released when we protract the scapula from a starting position of retraction. Pinching the shoulder blades can do both of those things to an extent, but is not nearly the most efficient way to do so.
Humans are born with certain reflexes that help us survive, but as we develop they go away once we have control over our movement….unless we are put in situations with high levels of physiological stress (i.e. pitching). Chapman takes advantage of an infant reflex known as the asymmetrical tonic neck reflex that allows some of their motion to be processed in the spinal cord rather than having to travel all the way up to their brain. You can see that as Chapman turns their head towards the plate, their front elbow extends and their front scapula protracts while their back elbow flexes and their back scapula retracts. This allows them to fire those muscles quicker and increase their upper spinal mobility. Try rotating your spine with your shoulder blades in both positions and it should be pretty obvious which allows more motion to occur.
One last thing that Chapman does extremely well is that their initial movement is directly towards the plate and it is driven from their pelvis (a good indicator of efficient movement), which minimizes wasted energy. When combining this with a strong, engaged core and the ability to contract their “fast twitch” muscles freakishly quickly and forcefully, you get a fastball at 100+ mph.
Let's use this framework to analyze a pitcher who doesn't throw quite as hard, Jered Weaver.
Weaver has a good alignment of their xiphoid and pubic symphysis. However, their first movement is not forward, but rather it's up. It also appears to be more hip driven than pelvis driven. This is difficult to see without a side-view. What is very evident though is that they have limited motion in their pelvis, especially when compared to Chapman. You can see this by comparing how the changes in heights of both pelvic bones in relation to each other.
We can tell that Weaver does not et nearly as much Pelvic-Scapular-Separation as Chapman. They attempt to get more by compensating through extension of their spine (my guess is their thoraco-lumbar junction, but because MLB rules require shirts, we can't really tell). This is possible to see in the twisting that they do. While Chapman also has extension in their spine, it is in a better position to receive the compressive forces of gravity. If you were to draw a line straight down the spine into the ground, Chapman would be almost perfectly perpendicular, whereas Weaver is on a clear diagonal. This puts more weight into Weaver's heel and causes them to “fall off” to the left during their delivery, as well as use muscles to do the job the spine is supposed to.
Lastly, we can see that Weaver does not take advantage of the ATNR the same way that Chapman does. Weaver starts with both elbows in extension and then moves both in flexion while retracting both scapula simultaneously, which limits their spinal rotation.
It should be pretty obvious why there is close to a 20 mph difference between these two pitchers—Chapman uses their body much more effectively and efficiently. Weaver used to be able to gas it up and their mechanics weren't all that different. I have a feeling the drop in velocity later in their career is from using their body inefficiently, which caused impairments that have limited their mobility and in turn their velocity. They have remained effective because they are a great pitcher and their approach to batters has changed drastically. When it comes to getting batters out, there are many things that matter more than just velocity.
-Mike Plude
Pokémon X & Y are rather happy-go-lucky games—that is, with the exception of a mysterious ghost girl that managed to freak players out last November. You'd think that by now, almost a year after their discovery, we'd know what their deal is...but no. She's still somewhat of an enigma.
Some background, in case you're not caught up with this: last year, players discovered that if you enter a certain building in Pokémon X & Y's Lumiose City, the music will stop, the screen will flash, and a creepy-looking girl with a strange walking animation will float by. No matter what, they will always say "no, you're not the one" right before disappearing. Pretty eerie, right?
Players had plenty of theories about the ghost girl—like the idea that they were looking for a specific trainer ID, or that they were tied to some other characters in the franchise. This is not the first time Pokémon games have featured a ghost girl of sorts, after all. Players also theorized that perhaps they were the means through which players would acquire unreleased legendary Pokémon. But so far, none of the theories have proven true, and most players remain stumped as to what ghost girl's actual purpose is. But no matter what, people seemed sure that they would do something, and that they aren't included in the game just to mess with players.
Last week, I got a chance to speak with Junichi Masuda, a producer on X & Y. Surely, I figured, Masuda might have a clue as to what was going on with ghost girl? When I asked them if they knew about ghost girl, they were puzzled. "We didn't put anything like that in the game," Masuda claimed.
Advertisement
So I showed them the video, which they watched intently—and once the ghost girl came on screen, they sort of laughed and went "oOoOoOoO." In fact, they said "oOoOoO" multiple times during our exchange, sort of with a smirk, but they didn't say more about it.
Looking into ghost girl later, I have the distinct feeling that Masuda was pulling my leg. Maybe they personally had no hand in ghost girl's appearance in the games, and maybe they genuinely don't know what is going on with them But recently, players have found a certain clue that makes it seem like ghost girl is an intentional inclusion, and not just some random thing that a programmer sneaked in or something. If you visit the Japanese Pokémon website, there's a page where the ghost girl appears. In fact, this errant page seems to be entirely about them
Advertisement
The page also throws an interesting wrinkle to the mix. It features a screenshot of a character you find in a haunted house by Pokémon X & Y's route 14—you might recall them as the person that tells you a scary story. If you'd like to watch said scary story, skip to the 15:40 mark of this video:
The story this character tells does not seem to be about ghost girl—rather, it's about a person who sees "a horde of faceless men." Here's the interesting tidbit: after this guy is done telling you the story, they ask for a tip. They say that if you refuse, you will see something really scary:
Advertisement
People didn't really connect this character to ghost girl a year ago, but now their appearance on the Japanese website begs the question: might they be speaking of the ghost girl? Is this the character responsible for siccing them on us? If so, that would be hilarious: Pokémon players apparently refused to tip this guy en masse, so everyone is seeing the ghost girl as a result of being stingy. But, like many things surrounding ghost girl, that's just a theory. It would be cool if someone could test out whether or not tipping this guy means you never see ghost girl. Personally, I didn't tip them on my playthrough, and I saw ghost girl.
I asked Brian Ashcraft, our resident Japanese expert, if they could translate the Japanese ghost girl page for me. After reading it, they say that the page claims you can only meet this girl once—which leads us to think that maybe it is teasing an event of sorts. The timing would certainly work, given that we're in October, and it's almost Halloween.
As of this writing, Game Freak hasn't announced anything for the west about ghost girl, though there is an unrelated Halloween event that grants players a special Pokémon. It is entirely possible that something might be announced later in the month. For now, the particulars of what ghost girl's actual deal is remain a mystery—though there's a lingering hope that perhaps we'll find out more about them soon enough.
Advertisement
(Thanks, Ethan!)
22 October 2011 | hampus_granberg
I'd say mediocre
For a shaky-based film, this one has most of the clichés, the fighting, the alpha male, the chaos, the momentary silence, hysteria, the strange little girl, and so on and so forth.
Most critique of how these documentary-like movies progresses is aimed towards how everything obvious has to be written down in dialog, kind of like telling the audience to actually follow this real-life incident.
"I peed my pants, what's up with that?", "oh my god, he's looking right at us", "Beep-beep what the beep in the beeping beep?", all is pretty much the same story told again, again and again. All the things within the script has been done many times over, still it's one of the earlier home-movie settings with cheap cameras so I guess credit goes to the establishment of poor acting and experiment with modern horror. Still, it's very easy to see it's all fake, it bears the skin of Hollywood, and the aura of classic monster-movie set-up.
Nowadays things are very hard to fake, and back in the day when the UFO hysteria started, people didn't know better. A platter thrown into the sky is the same kind of UFO yesterday as a photoshoped image is today, which is why alien-abduction, encounters, and foreign species hiding in society dissecting cows and livestock is highly unlikely. Ask yourself the question, if humans had the technology, why oh why would we send out scientists for millions and millions of dollars to spy on humans, in sloppy brutal heartless ways, so cold we'd just up and steal people from their houses, with no rhyme or reason butcher the galaxy for mere curiosity? Some schizophrenic monster alien beings who just happened to be so smart and civilized enough to build a ship, get to a random planet, and just start blasting away, or a really corrupt political system up in the sky? Not many things makes sense, but of course, as anyone else I'm very much human and can't handle facts above all that is mortal.
However, in regard to the universe, whether or not they've been here for millenias slaughtering away for sport or intelligent progress, or just buzzing around doing aerodynamic dancing in the sky, it would be foolish to believe that we are alone in space. People always point to the heavens saying "The universe is endless", well, in order for aliens to exist it would take eternity, endlessness. Why? Because even if it's a small chance, it's an endless chance of other chances that something else would exist, so to those who says aliens aren't real, it's blunt stupidity to believe. Yet to believe they'd come here to melt our brains or mutilate cows, is very very far-fetched, and very very blunt to assume.
And back to the movie, two final thoughts on what makes it fake. The actors are actors, they have appeared in other films, so there, that's it, end of story.
The other thing is that whenever an alien encounter occurs, electrical gear always seem to fidget around getting wound up either broken, blasted, texting or beeping strange and incoherent messages, burned, frozen, or plain simply dead, yet magically enough the camera with which some lonely individual always carries around for no definite reason never ever has any problem, now isn't that a real mystery to think about?
For inspirational purpose, I'd recommend The Fourth Kind (Another very much fake movie, but still with more spirit to it, and an actual Hollywood movie, not shaky and dull), and in shaky horror over-all, all the paranormal activity movies, and Blair witch project.
And of course, for all real film alien fanatics, X-files, a must-see series. And as strange as it may sound, Ancient Aliens series. Its pseudo-science, may be many corners cut by the director to add more spice, with a 23-problem to it always following and seeking out a special occurrence of random numbers, getting what you see, and yet it would be such a cool story, both in film-making as reality, because in depth they twist every historical fact towards aliens. In romanticized perspective, it's really awesome! But like I said, it's not a believers words coming from my mouth, just one very fascinated by the mystical world.
Wildfire/Screenshot by Jonathan Skillings, CNET
Google announced today that it has acquired Wildfire, a startup with a viral marketing campaign platform and several offices stretching from Silicon Valley to Singapore.
Google product management director Jason Miller explained on the official Google blog that the merger of Google and Wildfire will create "new opportunities for our clients to engage with people across all social services."
Wrote Miller: "The ultimate goal is better and fresher content, and more meaningful interactions. People today can make their voices heard in ways that were previously impossible, and Wildfire helps businesses uphold their end of the conversation (or spark a new one)."
Miller also described Wildfire as "a platform for brands to manage their pages, apps, tweets, videos, sponsorships, ads, promotions and more, all in one place." Thus, it looks like Google will be using its newly acquired assets for getting a new and fresher look at social marketing, which could influence the development of everything from Google+ to the search and advertising units.
Wildfire co-founders Victoria Ransom and Alain Chuard added in prepared remarks on the Wildfire blog:
"We believe that over time the combination of Wildfire and Google can lead to a better platform for managing all digital media marketing. For now, we remain focused on helping brands run and measure their social engagement and ad campaigns across the entire web and across all social services — Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Google+, Pinterest, LinkedIn and more — and to deliver rich and satisfying experiences for their consumers."
But the Wildfire leaders added that there will be "no changes to our service and support for our customers." Presumably Wildfire's teams scattered across the globe will remain intact and autonomous until further notice.
Financial terms of the deal have not been disclosed, but AllThingsD reports that the estimated sale price is approximately $250 million.
This article was first posted as Google gets a new look at social marketing with Wildfire acquisition on ZDNet.
Obedience Training For Your Rottweiler
Rottweilers are an incredibly obedient breed. But they do not train themselves! It is our job to help them achieve their full potential. This particular breed is mild tempered, loyal, and charismatic. They only want your friendship and acceptance. This eager to please breed can be a wonderfully behaved companion with the proper obedience training. The earlier you start, the better, but there is no Rottweiler out there that is not willing to learn and make you happy.
Preparing for Obedience Training
First you need to prepare before beginning your obedience training. You should always have your Rottweiler's leash and collar, a reward system (like treats or a toy), select a location for your training (your backyard, living room, the park) where you can both feel comfortable and relaxed, and be patient! Patience is very important when training. If you get frustrated, so will your Rottweiler. They pick up on your emotions, so it is best to remain calm, and be prepared to have fun with your companion. Training should be fun for the both of you, this is what will make your obedience training a success.
Basic Obedience
Your Rottweiler should be taught basic obedience from an early age. It is suggested to start between 6 weeks and 6 months. If you have an older Rottie, that is fine, it is never too old to begin obedience training. It may take a little more patience, but if you keep your training fun and simple, your Rottweiler should have no problem picking up on the commands you are teaching them.
Since you are prepared to begin training, make sure you have your dog's collar on and their leash attached if you are outdoors (maybe you also want to consider using Clicker for training), or if you simply want to keep them close (your Rottie may be the type that likes to wander off). Have your reward method ready to use in your hand (could be dog kibble, a dog treat, a toy, etc.) and remember to keep calm and be patient with your pooch.
“Sit”
This should be the first command you teach your Rottweiler. This is a simple command, and many of the other commands you will be teaching them are based around “sit.”
You want to get your Rottweiler's attention by saying their name (I will call my imaginary pet “Rottie”) and tell them, “sit,” in a clear, calm voice. You can push on your dog's rear while you say this and as soon as their rear is on the ground, you can give them the reward and pat them on the head and say, “Good, Rottie!” in a positive and slightly higher pitched voice, so they understand that you are happy with them. Sometimes it is easier to imagine that your Rottweiler is a child, speak to them like they are children who do not understand. Keep your words to a minimum, but use emotion in your voice. Your Rottweiler will be able to pick up on your emotion more than the actual words you are saying.
“Shake”
Once your dog learns “sit,” the next command can be taught in the “sit” position. Get your Rottweiler to sit, then say, “shake!” in an enthusiastic voice and pick one of their paws up off the ground. Once their paw is in your hand, tell them, “Good, Rottie!” and give them their reward. Repeat this exercise, getting your Rottweiler to sit and then pick their paw up and place it in your hand while saying, “shake!”and give them an immediate reward. After a few times, try to get them to do it without having to pick their paw up off the ground.
This command can help wonderfully during grooming sessions. If you can teach them to put their paw in your hand, it will be much easier to clip their nails.
“Lay Down”
Next, you can teach your dog to lay down. While in the sit position, and using a calm voice say, “lay down.” You will need to pick up both of their paws and slide them forward until your Rottweiler is laying down. When they are in the down position, give them their reward and tell them how good they are. Continue this until you do not need to lift and slide their front paws.
This command is great for keeping your Rottweiler calm. If they are acting too rambunctiously, you can calmly ask them to lay down and give them a reward. This can help keep them quiet and serene.
“Stay”
You will need to use your leash for this one. Attach your leash to the collar, and ask the dog to sit or lay down. Then tell them in a calm but firm voice, “stay.” Slowly back away from your Rottweiler. Start with very small increments at a time. When they have successfully stayed put for even a few seconds, walk back up to them (do not let them come to you), and reward them greatly for staying put.
As your Rottweiler starts to understand the command and can stay for longer than a few seconds, increase the distance and time you are asking them to stay. This will take lots of practice, but once it is mastered, you can get your Rottweiler to sit and stay where ever you want.
The trick to this one is making sure the dog only gets rewarded for staying put. It will confuse them if you tell them stay, tell them they are a good dog, and make them come to you. You must go to them with their praise and then and only then can they move. It is important to remember not to give praise until you approach them.
“Come”
Only after you have mastered “stay” should you attempt “come.” It makes it easier if you teach “come” from the “sit and stay” position.
With the collar and leash on the dog, get them to sit and stay. Walk a few feet in front of them and say in a friendly and enthused voice, “Come!” and gently tug on the leash. Don't get frustrated if they don't come to you. They are being so good by sitting and staying like you asked them to. You may have to be extra encouraging.
When they successfully come to you, and not past you, but to you, give them their reward and great praise. Increase the amount of distance you move from them and continue this exercise until they understand and come right to you.
Then you can try to take the leash off and see if you can make them come right to you. If you achieve this, then congratulations, you have successfully trained your Rottweiler the basic obedience commands!
Here are some obedience training tips:
#1 – Teach only one new trick at a time
– Teach only one new trick at a time #2 – Always make sure the training is FUN
– Always make sure the training is FUN #3 – Be patient with your dog, even if things get frustrating
– Be patient with your dog, even if things get frustrating #4 – Keep training sessions short
– Keep training sessions short #5 – Reward your dog for good behavior (treats, praise or borth)
– Reward your dog for good behavior (treats, praise or borth) #6 – Never hit your dog, this is never a solution
– Never hit your dog, this is never a solution #7 – Always be consistent
Now that your Rottweiler can understand the basic obedience commands, you must continue to challenge them! Just because you taught them to obey your commands in the living room does not mean that they will remember them when they are at the park or in the yard. So continue your training in different locations. And don't get frustrated. Your Rottweiler has a very short term memory, and when there are distractions, it can make them forget what you taught them. So always remember that training is never really completed, it is an ongoing process! As long as you keep it fun, you and your Rottweiler will enjoy your obedience training sessions.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Congress on Saturday repealed the ban against gays serving openly in the military, a major victory for President Barack Obama who had promised to end what their liberal supporters said was an outdated and discriminatory policy.
Senator Joseph Lieberman (I-CT) (center L) smiles with Mike Almy (center R), who was dismissed from the U.S. Air Force for being gay, at a news conference after the passage of a procedure hurdle to lead to the probable repeal of the Don't Ask Don't Tell policy against homosexuals serving in the military, at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, December 18, 2010. REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
Obama intends to sign it into law next week, White House spokesperson Robert Gibbs said. But Defense Secretary Robert Gates, who had pushed for the change, warned gay men and women serving in the military that the current “don't ask, don't tell” policy will remain in effect for some time while the new rules are put in place.
“By ending ‘don't ask, don't tell,' no longer will our nation be denied the service of thousands of patriotic Americans forced to leave the military, despite years of exemplary performance, because they happen to be gay. And no longer will many thousands more be asked to live a lie in order to serve the country they love,” Obama said in a statement.
The Senate voted 65-31 to end the 17-year-old ban following passage by the Democratic-led House of Representatives. Democratic leaders had pushed for its passage before the end of this session since in January Republicans, many of whom did not support the change, will control the House and will have greater numbers in the Senate.
Gay men and women were barred from serving in the military until 1993, when Democratic President Bill Clinton's “don't ask, don't tell” policy allowed them to serve as long as they kept their sexual orientation secret.
Bolstering the case for ending the policy, which has seen more than 13,000 men and women expelled from the U.S. military, a Pentagon report found that most in the armed services did not object to lifting the ban.
Rick Jacobs, who heads the group Courage Campaign that pushed to end the ban on gay marriage in California, said the move was a major advance for gay rights.
“I look at it as a 100 percent unmitigated success for the movement,” Jacobs said. “We are certainly at the end of the beginning, and we may be at the middle of the process as far as total legal equality.”
Many of those who were dismissed due to their sexual orientation have said they hope to return to service.
Former Air Force Major Mike Almy, at a news conference with Senate leaders following the vote, said they were dismissed after another officer read their private e-mails to loved ones back home. They had faced mortar attacks while commanding a unit of 200 in Iraq and was recommended to be promoted to Lieutenant Colonel.
“There is nothing more that I want than to resume my career as an officer and a leader in the Air Force,” they said.
CHANGE WILL TAKE TIME
Gates and other supporters of the repeal had argued that Congress needed to act if the military was to have time for an orderly transition to the new policy. A U.S. court-ordered end to “don't ask, don't tell” would be disruptive, they said.
The policy faced numerous court challenges.
Gates said in a statement that once Obama signed the bill, the Defense Department would begin immediately with the “planning necessary to carry out this change carefully and methodically, but purposefully.”
The legislation gives the Pentagon an undetermined amount of time — possibly months — to educate service members and prepare for the policy change before it “certifies” repeal.
“It is therefore important that our men and women in uniform understand that while today's historic vote means that this policy will change, the implementation and certification process will take an additional period of time,” Gates said.
“In the meantime, the current law and policy will remain in effect,” Gates added.
Opponents of gays serving openly in the military argued that lifting the ban would undermine order and discipline and harm unit cohesiveness, especially among combat troops.
Republican opposition was largely led by Obama's 2008 White House challenger, Senator John McCain, a former Navy pilot and prisoner of war in Vietnam.
McCain said it may be too early to end the ban and challenged the Pentagon's forecast of little impact if the policy were lifted. In a Senate speech, they argued against imposing a change while the country is at war.
Slideshow (3 Images)
“This debate is not about the broader social issues that are being discussed in our society, but what is in the best interest of our military at a time of war,” McCain said.
Those favoring repeal contend the ban is discriminatory, denies the military needed soldiers and, in Obama's words, “violates fundamental American principles of fairness.”
While Gates and Admiral Mike Mullen, chairperson of the military's Joint Chiefs of Staff, advocated repeal, others such as Marine Corps Commandant James Amos expressed concern about the impact on troops serving in combat.
As friends and family of Jennie Perillo gather to remember their husband today, our family sends love and support from far away. Many of us asked what we could do to help, and Jennie being the incredible, strong woman they are only asked for one thing: that we make a peanut butter pie, their Mikey's favorite, in their memory and to help ease their pain. So if you read food blogs, Twitter, and other social media sites today, you'll find hundreds of people supporting Jennie and their girls with the simple gift of a peanut butter pie that we will share with our loved ones.
So hug the people you love today and enjoy some food with them, because in Jennie's words, “…today is the only guarantee we can count on.”
[Update Oct. 15, 2012: When I originally wrote this post, I did not include the recipe because Jennie is a friend and I felt that it was important for people to read their post and see the original recipe written in their own words. That heartfelt post was recently removed from their site, so in light of this I am including the recipe with my variations here. Thanks for understanding.]
Follow @AndreaMeyers
Peanut Butter Banana Pie with Nutella, with Love for Mikey and Jennie Save Print Prep time 15 mins Cook time 6 hours Total time 6 hours 15 mins Adapted from Jennifer Perillo. Author: Andrea Meyers Serves: 8 servings Ingredients 8 ounces (227 g) Oreo cookies
4 tablespoons (57 g) unsalted butter, melted
4 ounces (113 g) Nutella spread
1/4 cup (32 g) cup chopped peanuts
1 cup (240 ml) heavy cream
8 ounces (227 g) cream cheese
1 cup (256 g) creamy peanut butter
1 cup (130 g) confectioners' sugar
1 (14-ounce/397 g) can sweetened condensed milk
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
1 teaspoon freshly squeezed lemon juice
1 large banana
1/4 cup melted Nutella Preparation Process the cookies in the food processor until you have fine crumbs. Combine melted butter and cookie crumbs in a small bowl and stir with a fork to mix well. Press the mixture into the bottom and 1-inch up the sides of the springform pan. In the glass bowl, warm the Nutella in the microwave, then pour it over the bottom of the cookie crust and spread to the edges. Sprinkle the chopped peanuts over the Nutella, then place the pan in the fridge to chill. Pour the heavy cream into the stand mixer bowl and beat until stiff peaks form. Transfer to the small mixing bowl and store in the fridge until ready to use. Place the cream cheese and peanut butter in the mixer bowl and beat on medium speed until light and fluffy. Reduce speed to low and gradually beat in confectioners' sugar. Add the sweetened condensed milk, vanilla extract, and lemon juice. Increase speed to medium and beat until everything is combined and the filling is smooth. Using a large spatula, stir 1/3 of the whipped cream into the filling mixture. Gently fold in the remaining whipped cream. Slice the banana and arrange the slices on top of the Nutella and chopped peanuts, Pour the filling into the pan, spreading it neatly, and drizzle the melted Nutella on top. Freeze for three hours or overnight before serving. More Information Equipment:
9-inch springform pan
small glass bowl
small mixing bowl
stand mixer with paddle attachment, or hand mixer and large bowl
Recipe Notes:
Jennie's pie is delicious and so easy to make, a no-bake refrigerator/freezer pie, perfect for a hot summer day. Because my family loves peanut butter with bananas and/or Nutella, I spread a layer of Nutella on the chocolate crumb crust (instead of the melted chocolate chips) and added a layer of sliced bananas between the Nutella, chopped nuts, and the creamy peanut butter filling. The filling is loose in hot weather, and mine started running while photographing, so just make sure you let it get very very cold. Wordpress Recipe Plugin by EasyRecipe 3.2.2885
More Pies for Mikey and Jennie
[Disclosure: This blog earns a small commission through affiliate links.]
Lets just say if New Yorkers ever rode into battle, they would do it without wearing any armor.
A whopping 68.2 percent of residents polled said they did not wear a condom the last time they had sex, according to some numbers just released by the Department of Health's Community Health Survey for 2012. That correlates to 1,408,000 people using protection as opposed to 2,669,000 that prefer to just cross their fingers.
That is not even the worst number. The survey broke down the barebacked activity, and Greenpoint is having so much unprotected sex one would think it is the latest health craze being sold at Whole Foods. A surprising 85.8 percent of the Brooklyn neighborhood prefers to have sex sans condom (not even the shiny new XL ones).
But lets not be too quick to point the finger solely at Greenpoint. It is interesting to note that not one New York neighborhood leaned towards the pro-prophylactic side of the equation. Ridgewood and Forest Hills reported that 79.9 percent of its residents prefer the unprotected road, with the Upper West Side right behind them at 77.4 percent.
In Coney Island, 75.2 percent of people are riding the Cyclone wooden coaster without a safety harness. So to speak.
But why is such a large majority of the Big Apple shunning condoms during their most intimate moments? Maybe they are trying to savor the feeling while it lasts. According to Nerve, the average New York sex session lasts about three minutes and one second.
Which, while we are having this personal discussion, puts us just two seconds behind Wyoming in a national ranking. It is a game of inches, people.
In the end, there was no talk of cars. During the referendum campaign, David Davis had written that a "UK-German deal would include free access for their cars and industrial goods, in exchange for a deal on everything else". They were a leading proponent of the idea that Britain's consumer market, especially for German cars and, only slightly more absurdly, Italian prosecco, would force the Europeans to beg us for a generous Brexit deal.
(1/3) Post #Brexit a UK-German deal would include free access for their cars and industrial goods, in exchange for a deal on everything else — David Davis (@DavidDavisMP) May 26, 2016
It did not stop after the referendum. Speaking months after they became Brexit secretary, Davis told the Commons that one of the things he'd discovered was that "in many areas - not just in the City and not just as regards cars - the balance of negotiating advantage is incredibly heavily stacked our way".
Months later, Davis was telling Peston on Sunday that the EU demand we would sequence talks was "wholly illogical". It would therefore be the "row of the summer".
British summers are famously short and yesterday was a particularly warm day, so perhaps Davis was technically correct. By the afternoon of the first day of negotiations, they had capitulated. Talks would be sequenced as the EU wanted, rather than held in parallel as the UK wanted.
Speaking afterwards, EU chief negotiator Michel Barnier was asked if they had made any concessions to the UK in return. No, they implied. The UK was the one which had decided to leave the EU. Each side had to "assume our responsibility and the consequences of our decisions".
How long was it until Britain capitulated on the first item in the Brexit menu? Five minutes? An hour? Two? How quickly did all those months of Davis' self-satisfied confidence unravel? For nearly a year now Brexit supporters have had a completely isolated domestic debate about what they want, with a grossly inflated sense of entitlement and their ability to satisfy it. It survived barely moments of contact with reality.
Davis wasn't beaten in a game of strategy. Barnier did not dazzle them with sophisticated arguments. They capitulated because of the power dynamic.
What would have happened if Britain had refused to sequence the talks? Nothing. The talks would stall. There would be no progress towards the discussion of future trade arrangements. And that is more to Britain's detriment than the EU's, as the outcome of yesterday's talks showed.
Once upon a time, Davis pretended this would be OK. They told the Commons foreign affairs committee late last year that a no-deal outcome "is not helpful for them in comparison with us". In other words, the power dynamics of the negotiation were in Britain's favour.
This is false. The EU will be damaged by a no-deal outcome, but it does not need to create a regulatory infastructure or an entire customs system, as we do.
The true scale of the British challenge will be clearer tomorrow when the Queen's Speech is unveiled, showing the scale of legislation required to implement Brexit. First, there will be the great repeal bill, one of the largest and most dangerous pieces of legislation a British government has ever introduced, copying-and-pasting all of EU law onto the British statute book and then using a dazzling array of ministerial powers to somehow try and fix it so it is makes sense. There will also be perhaps a dozen other bills, certainly including one on immigration and others perhaps on issues like customs, agriculture and data protection - all of them intensely controversial and subject to defeat in the Commons. Meanwhile, Liam Fox is - if we've any luck at all - desperately trying to get all exporters to the EU and UK to accept our trading schedules at the WTO, so that we do not suffer a series of trade disputes there.
Britain is making a new country, almost from scratch. There has been nothing like this except for when small states gain independence. It needs time. But worse than that, it needs agreement.
What kind of customs checks do we need in Ireland? We don't know until we have agreed it. What kind of immigration system will we have for EU citizens? We don't know until we have agreed it. What kind of regulators do we need to set up - with all the legal work, hiring, training, system-building and renting of buildings that entails? We don't know until we have agreed it. Which agreements with other countries do we need to independently replicate in order for passengers to still board planes or access products? We don't know until we have agreed it.
This is core to the dynamic of Brexit. It's what gives the EU power over the UK. It's nothing new. Anyone who had looked into it knew this from the start. Sir Ivan Rogers made these warnings months ago, only to be prised out of their role as EU envoy. Iain Duncan Smith rubbished them on TV, effectively questioning which side they were on. Peter Lilley accused them of "sour grapes". Dominic Raab said their "heart hasn't really been in Brexit".
Only the true believers were allowed to speak. And now here we are.
Yesterday's capitulation means we have accepted the EU timetable. That means we can only discuss the future trading arrangements with the EU when they decide there has been enough progress on EU citizen's rights, the budget contribution and a hard border in Ireland. They expect this to be in October. But again: they decide. They are in control. The central power dynamic of the negotiations means we are more likely to capitulate.
After that, talk will turn to transitional arrangements so we can avoid the cliff-edge. The EU will likely demand that the UK abides by full EU rules, including the jurisdiction of the ECJ and full free movement, during this period. Again, we are likely to capitulate.
The key dynamic will not change. No-deal is disaster. Britain will do anything to avoid it. The closer to the cliff-edge we get, the more power Europe has. And the preparation for a new arrangement can only properly start once the talks have finalised what it is.
The dynamic is entirely in Europe's favour. It always has been, but the warnings were ignored. And now here we are.
Politics.co.uk. Their book - Brexit: What The Hell Happens Now? - is available now.
The opinions in politics.co.uk's Comment and Analysis section are those of the author and are no reflection of the views of the website or its owners.
1512 Views
Horizon Zero Dawn Trailer: There's less than two weeks left before Horizon Zero Dawn finally launches. Still, those who have not seen the “Horizon Zero Dawn” trailer must do so to have a feel of the game's mysterious and fatal post-apocalyptic world. The first new trailer of Horizon Zero Dawn is titled “Earth is Ours No More” and it starts by showing a prosperous, human-populated world. Though, soon everything forces into darkness after an apocalyptic event and nature reclaims Earth. Aloy will be driven by their desire to discover what went wrong and what made the massive mysterious machines control Earth. It's a cinematic trailer and does not show gameplay.
As per the Gamespot, Sony has published three new trailers for the highly anticipated action-RPG. “Horizon Zero Down” earlier than its release on March 1. The Horizon Zero Down completely for PlayStation 4. The Game has been developed by Guerrilla Games.
For those interested, #HorizonZeroDawn will receive a day one patch of around 250MB. — Guerrilla (@Guerrilla) February 16, 2017
The second trailer, “Explore the Wild” is all about Zero Dawn's varied and extensive post-apocalyptic world. There are waterside villages with people fishing, dark caverns to explore, and beautiful vistas,
The third new “Horizon Zero Dawn” trailer, titled “Overwhelming Odds,” is about some of the dangers that players will discover, including all manner of mechanized creatures. Recently Sony spoke about how the game has the potential to become a new franchise for the company. In addition, the company also revealed earlier that Aloy's character has been greatly inspired by Ygritte, Jon Snow's love interest in the smash-hit high-fantasy drama ”Game of Thrones.”
The product manager Jon Edwards of Sony UK told MCV, “The character of Aloy is spirited, adventurous, and driven to figure out the challenges that they come across in this post-apocalyptic world occupied by machines. You really buy into them as a tribal hunter, and we think that the players will really enjoy playing as her.”
Horizon Zero Dawn is the first new IP from Guerrilla Games since it announced Killzone way back in 2003. At the Studio since 2011 the game has been in development and was initially supposed to release in 2016 but was then delayed to this year to give the development team more time to polish the game further.
Well, the game's visuals were all very impressive while we only managed to play it on a standard PS4. From the environments and designs to the animations and visual effects, the game is definitely one of the best looking PlayStation games to date. So, PlayStation 4 has become more of an experience and that's exactly the mountain “Horizon Zero Dawn” has to climb.
Lithuania has significantly improved its scores in all areas of the World Bank's Logistics Performance Index (LPI), and now ranks 29th globally. It has climbed 17 places since the last index in 2014, and leads the region for logistics performance.
Whilst Lithuania's position improved dramatically, neighbouring countries did not fare as well. Lithuania was comfortably the strongest performer of the Baltic States, with Latvia dropping from 36th down to 43rd position, while Estonia went up one place to 38th. Poland secured 33rd place, down from 31st, while Lithuania's non-EU neighbours Belarus and Russia struggled, coming in 120th and 99th respectively.
The top ten countries globally were Germany, Luxembourg, Sweden, the Netherlands, Singapore, Belgium, Austria, the UK, Hong Kong and the US.
The Logistics Performance Index is designed to help countries assess their opportunities and challenges in the field of logistics, and to determine how they can improve their performance. The World Bank first published the index in 2007, and it has since been published biannually in 2010, 2012, 2014 and 2016.
The LPI allows for comparisons across 160 countries in six key areas: customs, infrastructure, ease of arranging shipments, quality of logistics services, tracking and tracing, and timeliness. This year Lithuania improved in all of these criteria.
The first time I went to London was in 1985. I was a wannabe preppy preteen from Cincinnati, Ohio, dressed in Jordache and Forenza — just on the cusp of full adolescence … and radiating the “nobody understands me” angst that comes along with puberty.
It was a trip to Trafalgar Square in London that changed everything for me. There I saw punk rock kids hanging out in Doc Martens and leather jackets, sporting Mohawks, piercings and tattoos. I was fascinated. It was like nothing I'd seen in Ohio. And then I heard their music.
It was raw, edgy, angry … and I was hooked.
I didn't bring home the look, but I did bring home the music. Years later, I still listen to the Sex Pistols, The Clash and the Ramones — and on a recent trip to England, I wondered: Where has all the punk gone?
The anti-establishment ideology, which, in the '70s and '80s, spread to the worlds of fashion, art and literature, seems to have been taken over by young urban professionals. The Roebuck pub, which was the epicenter for punk, is now an upscale drinking club, and Vivienne Westwood's infamous Sex shop is no more. The music scene has been put through Auto-Tune; the spiky hair is gone from Trafalgar Square; and leather jackets, neon leggings, tattoos and piercings are the norm.
But I wanted to know if the spirit of punk was still alive, so I met up with Bruno Wizard, founding member of two '70s bands (the Rejects and the Homosexuals), and Jimmy Jagger (son of Mick) to find out.
Bruno claims that REAL punk — the initial movement — only lasted for a scant six months. “It took six months for the establishment and the record companies to move in and take over,” Bruno said. But just because punk was absorbed into the mainstream doesn't actually mean it's dead. “Punk is about kids doing it for themselves,” Jimmy said. “It's about not becoming a part of everything …”
Watch the video above and judge for yourself, but the more we talked, the more I think that the Internet, and the opportunity it creates to be able to run your own business, make your own art and music or write your own blog — outside of a major company — is the ultimate embodiment of what punk rock stands for.
Our April issue of PHP Annotated Monthly delivers updates on PHP, frameworks, tools, tips for coding, HHVM, news on RFCs for PHP 7, community, and much more. Read this month's digest curated by Mikhail Vink, PhpStorm Product Marketing Manager.
PHP
All three currently supported versions of PHP got updated (with versions 5.6.7, 5.5.23 and 5.4.39 released). Updates are focused on bug-fixes, including three security issues; the changelog is available as usual.
We've featured information on the highly-debated Scalar Type Declarations RFC for a few months in a row, and now we are glad to announce that after many discussions in the community it's been finally accepted for PHP 7. The relevant branch is already merged to PHP 7 core, which means that we are getting four new type declarations for scalar types: int, float, string and bool. Apart from that, a new optional per-file directive, declare(strict_types=1); is introduced, which makes all function calls and return statements within a file have “strict” type-checking for scalar type declarations. Er Galvao Abbott shares their thoughts on the matter in their post PHP7: More strict! (but only if you want it to be).
Further on the topic of recent RFCs, anonymous classes are coming in PHP 7, as well as support for return in generators, generator delegation, and more. Make sure to follow PHP RFC Watch by Benjamin Eberlei if you are interested in timely PHP RFCs updates.
Talking about PHP 7, Phil Sturgeon made a great overview of PHP 7 features, as it hits feature freeze (some of those features are already decided, some are still in voting by the time the post's been published). One more notable overview of what to expect in PHP 7 (and 2nd part) is published by Davey Shafik along with call-to-actions: test your code with PHP 7, help GOPHP7-EXT project, and write documentation. Zend published an infographic, 5 things you must know about PHP 7. And if you start your daily routine with checking whether PHP 7 is already released, this service is meant to tell you just that.
As for testing your current code with PHP 7, check Rasmus Lerdorf's updated php7dev Vagrant box image, which is pre-configured for testing PHP apps and developing extensions across many versions of PHP.
Julien Pauli in their zoom on PHP objects and classes blog post gives a deep PHP object model internal design tour to provide a better glance of what happens when you manipulate objects in PHP, with a goal to learn how to master what happens on the low level, to make better use of the language.
Two interesting blog posts were published by Christopher Pitt, one on reactive PHP events (Distributed. Asynchronous. Magical), and another on co-operative PHP multitasking (When is an array like an adventure?). Both are quite deep and well worth reading.
Frameworks and Tools
The highlight of the month in this category is definitely Best PHP Framework for 2015 Survey Results by SitePoint. With about 7,800 entries, it gives an interesting statistics on frameworks of preference, showing major leadership of Laravel and Symfony2. Breakdown by countries also worth exploring, and all the survey data is available for download.
Many frameworks and CMSs have been updated, including Symfony 2.6.6, Symfony 2.5.11, Symfony 2.3.27, Zend Framework 2.4.0, CakePHP 3.0.0, WordPress 4.2 Beta 4, Drupal 6.35, Drupal 7.36, and Joomla 3.4.1.
Symfony's got a new installer, a small PHP application that requires one-time installation and allows you to create multiple new projects based on any Symfony version. The traditional Symfony installation based on Composer has been deprecated, and even though you can still use Composer to install Symfony, the new Symfony Installer is the only recommended way to install Symfony.
More and more news are coming from Derick Rethans, author of Xdebug. They overview new features and improvements available in the recently-released Xdebug 2.3 in a series of great blog posts, such as Shared Secret to Enable Tracing or Profiling, Improvements to Tracing, Improvements to Debugging, Munging Errors, and more in their blog.
Sebastian Bergmann shares news that PHPUnit 4.6.0 has been released, a new version of programmer-oriented testing framework for PHP. PHPUnit can now optionally mark a test as risky when global variables, super-global variables, or static attributes in user-defined classes are modified during the execution of a test. The release also features a lot of bug-fixes and major change: the PHAR build of PHPUnit no longer uses an autoloader to load PHPUnit's own classes and instead statically loads all classes on startup.
In their latest post, Anthony Ferrara shares thoughts on the design of APIs, talking about designing APIs specifically for the target user and designing APIs to require the least amount of target-user knowledge as possible. They name moderation as a key thing here and asks readers to try to keep the target user in mind when designing APIs (even functions/methods).
Of course there's lots more news around. Ian M. Jones publishes A Developer's Guide to Contributing to WordPress Core. Piotr Pasich blogs about ant, composer and code quality tools. Jeremy Mikola together with mongoDB calls for feedback on the new PHP and HHVM drivers. Coen Jacobs says that updating PHP is everyone's responsibility, as framework / CMS core teams can't take care of all the aspects and all the hosting companies, which is why Coen created WPupdatePHP, a library to be bundled with WordPress plugins to enforce users to upgrade to PHP 5.4 hosting.
More news from the PHP ecosystem can be found in PHPDeveloper.org and other community resources.
Community and more
News on the PSR-7 (HTTP Message Interfaces) were evolving very fast. First, it's been announced that voting is started (read the full blog post, PSR-7 is in Voting Stage!, by Matthew Weier O'Phinney). And just a week later it was cancelled due to the desire to improve and clarify the spec before approving it.
A short update on the HHVM: as planned, HHVM 3.6.0 was announced March 11, 2015, representing the second official LTS release. This release comes with many new Async features available by default, including AsyncMySQL and MCRouter (memcache) support. Combined with existing support for asynchronous cURL, applications are now ready to deeply parallelize many common forms of costly data access.
Etsy is sharing their experience of scaling their API traffic capacity 20 times. They've launched many efforts to meet the challenge, including a migration to HHVM after it showed a promising increase in throughput. There were many surprises and interesting details, so read the full article by Dan Miller for insights.
Josh Lockhart has published a new book, Modern PHP: New Features and Good Practices, talking about how PHP has become a full-featured, mature language with object-orientation, namespaces, and a growing collection of reusable component libraries. Some reviews are already available on Amazon.
There are a couple more books out this month: The Grumpy Little Book Of Hack by Chris Hartjes (a pocket guide for using HHVM and Hack on legacy PHP code bases), and Iterating PHP Iterators by Cal Evans (a book that will help you learn to use the power tools built into the PHP language to write better and faster code).
PuPHPet, a simple GUI to set up virtual machines for web development, works on a new design currently available in beta, and seeks community feedback.
Fortrabbit publishes 70 PHPeople, a list of 70 PHP leaders, and there are definitely many more awesome PHP devs out there, so the list will be continued. Check out the list and follow the heroes on Twitter or GitHub.
In their latest why I support the league blog post, Rafael Dohms talks about the reasons for this project to exist (such as imposed quality, curated list, reduced author fragility, extended reach, reduced duplication, and more). The League of Extraordinary Packages is a group of developers who have banded together to build solid, well tested PHP packages using modern coding standards.
Khayrattee Wasseem (@7php) interviews Yitzchok Willroth on #BiggestLoserPHP15 challenge and talking about the PHP community being also about promoting lifestyle changes & nurturing healthy habits.
Following the unfortunate events, Drupal Association creates the Aaron Winborn Award to honor community members who exhibit the incredible kindness, integrity, and above-and-beyond commitment to the community.
If you haven't seen Faces of the ElePHPant project by Anthony Ferrara and other contributors, make sure to check it out and observe a great collection of PHP community members photos.
Did you find an interesting read? Have news to share? Or just want to comment on this post? We'd love to hear from you in the comments below. Feel free to reach out to our PhpStorm product marketing manager @mikhail_vink on Twitter.
See you in May!
Develop with pleasure!
– JetBrains PhpStorm Team
Get PhpStorm 8
Scrooge has left the building. Heck, he's not even on the same planet anymore.
The Dow shot up 421 points Thursday for its best day in more than three years. The S&P 500 experienced its biggest gains since January 2013.
After taking a beating earlier this month, investors may finally be getting that Santa Claus rally they wished for.
Related: The best stocks of 2014
Here's why investors were so jolly:
A generous Fed: The Fed was in a particularly giving mood Wednesday when it announced it was going to take its sweet time raising interest rates.
The central bank said in a statement it would be "patient in beginning to normalize the stance of monetary policy." It also kept closely-watched language saying rates would stay low for a "considerable time," which investors took as clear signal that rates won't rise until next summer or later.
"The Fed seems to be very cognizant of the economic weakness overseas and the extreme drop in oil prices," said Doug Roberts of Channel Capital Research.
Related: Yellen: Cheap oil is good for America
The Fed reiterated more optimistic projections for the U.S. economy for 2015 as well. They see America growing faster next year and unemployment dropping further.
Oil: For much of December, the ugliness in the market seemed to stem from spiraling oil prices. Sure, it's a good thing for the consumer economy, but investors began to worry that the American energy boom, which has been an economic powerhouse since the recession, could come under threat as a result.
Still, falling oil wasn't about to take the stock market with it Thursday, as prices fell 3% to $54 per barrel. That level had freaked out markets before, but not today.
Related: The best thing to do now for your portfolio
Even energy stocks, including the big guys like Exxon Mobil (XOM)and Chevron (CVX), got a nice bounce, although the best performer in the S&P 500 was Oracle (ORCL), which reported strong earnings Wednesday afternoon. Oracle stock surged 10%.
Only 21 stocks out of the 500 in the S&P index were negative today.
But Michael Block, Chief Strategist at Rhino Trading Partners, isn't taking the "buy low" oil bait for now, and noted that oil had drifted off its earlier highs.
"I've seen this trap before," they wrote in a morning note. "The tremors are accelerating and that has me concerned short term even if everything's gonna be all right in the intermediate to longer term."
Texans Against High Speed Rail, Inc.
We are a 501c(4) organization formed in early 2015 as a coordinated state-wide effort to protect property, property rights and values, and our way of life from the negative impacts of high-speed rail, as well as prevent the wasteful use of taxpayer dollars or public subsidies for high-speed rail transportation.
As individual Texans, we may not feel that we have the means or reach to coordinate a state-wide grassroots effort, engage lobbyists or attorneys, or push back against a $20 billion project, but by being a part of a unified group, Texans Against High-Speed Rail, you can help stop high-speed rail in Texas. The volunteer staff of Texans Against High-Speed Rail are all impacted by this current high-speed rail project, so you can be assured that we have only altruistic motivation to help preserve our property AND yours, as well as protect us all from the effects of inevitable tax subsidies.
Our supporters include residents, private property owners, business owners and elected officials from all across Texas who share our core belief of combating eminent domain for private use and our opposition to any tax-subsidized passenger railway.
Your opposition phone calls, letters and emails are an important element in opposing this current high-speed rail project, but we also need your financial support to operate a coordinated, state-wide opposition plan. Please consider donating today to help the fight.
Together we are stronger, louder and can do more to make sure our way of life is protected.
Military intervention in the sovereign affairs of other states may lead to outright war, including nuclear war, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday.
Military intervention in the sovereign affairs of other states may lead to outright war, including nuclear war, Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev said on Thursday.
“The introduction of all sorts of collective sanctions bypassing international institutions does not improve the situation in the world while reckless military operations in foreign states usually end up with radicals coming to power,” they told an international legal forum in St. Petersburg.
“At some point such actions, which undermine state sovereignty, may well end in a full-blown regional war and even - I'm not trying to spook anyone - the use of nuclear weapons,” they said.
The right of nations to choose their own path of development is a universal value, they said referring to the situation in Syria and the Middle East as a whole ahead of a G8 summit.
A Kremlin aide said earlier on Thursday the Group of Eight industrial nations meeting outside Washington on May 18-19 will begin with talks on Syria and Iran.
Dmitry Medvedev, who is attending the meeting instead of President Vladimir Putin, will hold bilateral talks with U.S. President Barack Obama, Arkady Dvorkovich said.
Two people have died and four others were injured after a float plane crashed in a remote area on the west coast of Vancouver Island, officials say.
"Of the six adults on board — one pilot and five passengers — two were found deceased, and four suffered varying degrees of injury," said Cpl. Darren Lagan of Island District RCMP.
People living in area where the plane crashed say the hikers appear to be in their 50s and were familiar with the wilderness trails that draw travellers to the region. (CBC)
The four survivors have been transported to hospitals on Vancouver Island, they added.
RCMP will not identify anyone involved in the crash pending notification of the families.
The plane, a de Havilland Beaver that belongs to Air Nootka, was headed to Gold River in Vancouver Island's interior.
Five hikers chartered the plane, which took off Friday morning around 10:20 a.m. PT near Hesquiat Lake, north of Tofino.
Officials said the pilot sent out a distress call three minutes after takeoff.
Dianne Ignace, who lives in remote Hesquiat Village, said they saw three Air Nootka planes fly into Hesquiat Lake Friday morning, but only two flew out.
Ignace described poor weather conditions for flying.
"Our ceiling was so low, we couldn't see the mountains for most of the day," they said. "The visibility is very bad and it was southeast winds today."
Ignace said they didn't realize there was a problem until they heard over their VHF radio that one of the planes was in distress.
"It said 'Mayday. Downed aircraft,'" they told CBC News.
Ignace said locals often meet hikers who pass through the area and that they had met the five passengers who were on board the downed plane.
Lt. Greg Menzies, spokesperson for the Joint Rescue Co-ordination Centre, said rescue crews picked up a beacon signal from the aircraft for a short time before it was lost.
Crews were able to narrow the search to 54 square kilometres, but it took them more than five hours to locate the wreckage, five kilometres from Hesquiat Lake.
"Because of the thick forest, because of the low ceiling, it does obviously take more time," Menzies said.
The B.C. Coroners Service and the Transportation Safety Board are investigating the crash.
In the market for a new high-end Samsung gadget? Then you're also eligible for some free streaming video and music. In the latest round of Samsung perks, the manufacturer is giving away a year of free access to both Netflix and the premium version of its own Milk Music service. You can get in on the new deal by purchasing a new Samsung Galaxy S5, Galaxy Note 4, Galaxy Tab S tablet (in any size or capacity, including carrier versions), or a Samsung 4K television.
The promotion is a valuable one: access to Netflix alone is $7.99 a month, and the premium upgrade for Milk Music is $3.99 a month, so a free year of both is a $144 value. Netflix will be what people are more interested in here, since it's accessible on practically any connected device these days, from phones and tablets to standard web browsers to smart TVs and set-top boxes. The premium version of Milk adds offline listening, unlimited radio skips, DJ commentary, and a sleep timer on top of the Samsung-exclusive music service.
After poking around the redemption page a bit (and trying to get credit for some review devices), it looks like most current Samsung owners are out of luck. You can only redeem the offer with your serial number if you purchased your phone, tablet, or TV after January 4th, 2015. The promotion is also almost certainly exclusive to the United States. On the plus side, it looks like current Netflix subscribers can get free credit courtesy of Samsung.
Source: Samsung Promotions
Submitted by Tom Phillips:
With spring training just around the corner, you can almost hear the crack of the bats and smell the freshly cut outfield grass from here in Seattle. For many, the coming of a new baseball season heralds the end of dark, dreary winter days and the promise and potential that spring holds.
For me, it's a special time where I take a trip down memory lane and recall a moment that will live with me forever. It is a moment that involves a Mariners game in the Kingdome, the kindness of a major-league ballplayer, a Seattle sports icon and my then-2-year-old son, Nicholas.
It was mid-April 1997 and somehow I was able to score great seats to an M's game in which Randy Johnson would take the mound against the Kansas City Royals. It was to be Nicholas' first baseball game (he now goes by the name “Nick” and is a sophomore at Syracuse University). To this day I live for father-son and father-daughter moments such as these.
Game day arrived and, after loading up on popcorn, licorice and cotton candy at the concession stands, I walked Nick down to our seats, which happened to be just two rows behind the Royals' dugout. We got settled, dived into our treats and watched the Royals' starting pitcher and catcher warm up directly in front of us. I do not recall the pitcher's name, but I will forever remember the catcher's – Mike Macfarlane, a solid veteran on what was at the time a pretty decent team.
Just before the start of the game, the lineups were announced; first the Royals, then the M's. After the final Mariners player had been announced (The Big Unit, of course) a massive cannon blast rocked the dome, which was part of the pregame routine back then – something to pump adrenaline into the stands before the first pitch. Unfortunately, the blast did more than pump adrenaline into Nick. It terrified him, causing a complete meltdown — the kind that only a freaked-out 2-year-old can produce. Nothing I did could console him, nor did the actions of well-meaning fans around us, many of whom offered more candy and treats to help take their mind off of what had just happened.
Another person who saw what had happened was the Royals' catcher, Macfarlane. Without missing a beat, Macfarlane came to the railing, reached over and handed Nick the same ball with which they had been warming the pitcher up. Nick grabbed the ball, paused for a second, then proceeded to be inconsolable all over again. The noise, excitement and, yes, probably the sugar high, were just too much for him. We ended up leaving the stadium — with the game ball — before Johnson even threw a pitch. We spent the rest of the afternoon in a quiet park near Lake Washington. Still a great father-son day, just not at the ballpark.
I was so touched by what Macfarlane had done that I wrote an unsolicited letter to our beloved (may they rest in peace) sports icon/baseball announcer for the gods, Dave Niehaus. I wrote that in a day and age of selfish behavior by spoiled athletes, I was moved by the kindness of a big-leaguer who did something really cool for my son.
A couple of days later as I was driving home from the office, I happened to have the Mariners game on the radio. Imagine my surprise when, in the middle of calling the play-by-play, Niehaus read my letter on the air. Their effortless, resonant bass tones retelling the story of Nick and my first baseball game together. It was thrilling to hear the story retold by a legend such as Niehaus, but because I was in my car, I had no way of really capturing the moment other than to tell my wife and friends about it later that evening, and to tell Nick about it when they got older.
That is until a package arrived at our doorstep a few days later, addressed to Tom and Nicholas Phillips. I remember thinking that was kind of weird, a handwritten package addressed to the two of us.
I opened it up, and there inside was a cassette recording of the inning in which Niehaus read the letter on air, along with a note from the man themselves saying they thought I might like to have a copy to share with Nick when they got older. Bear in mind I didn't know Niehaus – it was just something they did, one dad to another — without being asked.
Today, the baseball that Macfarlane gave us, along with my letter to Niehaus and the cassette recording of the broadcast are safely tucked away in box at home. Testament to the fact that two complete strangers came together to bring me and my son a memory we will treasure for a lifetime. It's a treasure that I think about and reminisce upon every year at about this time.
Play ball!
Tom Phillips works at Microsoft. They and their wife, Katie, live on Capitol Hill with their daughter Natalie, a Bishop Blanchet High School student. Son Nick is a sophomore at Syracuse University. When they're not rooting for the Seahawks or M's, the Phillips usually can be found enjoying some form of outdoor recreation in central Oregon.
Want to be a reader contributor to The Seattle Times' Take 2 blog? Email your original, previously unpublished work or proposal to Sports Editor Don Shelton at dshelton@seattletimes.com orsports@seattletimes.com. Not all submissions can be published. Opinions expressed are those of authors, and The Times reserves the right to edit and publish any submissions online and/or in print.
Kelly Haimona faces a race against time to be fit for the World Cup
Italy have suffered a setback in their preparations for the Rugby World Cup with fly-half Kelly Haimona not expected to return from injury for at least another month.
New Zealand-born Haimona, who has won seven caps for the Azzurri, broke their arm against Wales in Italy's final game of the Six Nations in March.
The Zebre back was originally expected to fit in time for the start of the World Cup.
Haimona's return date has now been thrown into doubt after Italian chiefs confirmed that the injury has not healed properly and that they will be unable to do any contact work for at least 30 days.
The 28-year-old has left Italy's pre-tournament training camp in order to continue their rehabilitation.
"From the day of their debut in the national team last November, Kelly was one of the strong points of our national team," said Italy head coach Jacques Brunel.
"But we are preparing for a World Cup and we have to do with those who, today, can guarantee the maximum of their own condition.
"Kelly will rejoin the group during the Rugby World Cup if there are conditions and needs."
Italy begin their World Cup campaign against France at Twickenham on September 19. They will be hoping to navigate a difficult pool which also includes Ireland, Canada and Romania.
You might pay taxes on illegal drugs, Pepsi, playing cards and being a star. And that's not all.
NEW YORK (CNN/Money) � You know taxes are a fact of life, or, as Oliver Wendell Holmes put it, "the price we pay for civilization." But some of the things we're taxed on can seem oddly random, if not downright bizarre. Money Helps: Last minute tax crunch  Last-minute punch list  Most overlooked deductions  The Biggest deduction myths  Coping with Schedule D  5 ways to avoid an audit  Tax scams to avoid In certain states and cities, you'll pay special taxes for buying a deck of cards, possessing illegal drugs and possibly buying things from those in the buff. The taxes aren't always levied directly on you but on the owner of a business you patronize. But businesses often find ways to pass that added cost onto customers. Straight from the "Go figure" files, here are just 10 peculiar state and local taxes we found, courtesy of information from tax information publisher CCH, Inc. and the Tax Foundation, a nonprofit tax policy research group that advocates tax simplification measures. Illegal drug tax: At least 11 states, including Alabama, North Carolina and Nevada, tax people who possess illegal drugs. Usually, though, you have to be in possession of a minimum quantity (for example, over 42.5 grams of marijuana in North Carolina) to be subject to the tax. But no need to wait for the police to cuff you before you cough up the cash. In North Carolina, for instance, when you acquire an illegal drug (or even "moonshine"), you can go to the Department of Revenue and pay your tax, in exchange for which you'll receive stamps to affix to your illegal substance. The stamps serve as evidence you paid the tax on the illegal product. Don't worry that you might get in trouble for admitting you have enough drugs to fuel a rave party for years. You needn't provide any identification to get the stamps and it's illegal for revenue employees to rat you out. Still, according to North Carolina's department charged with collecting the unauthorized substance tax, only 77 folks have voluntarily come forward since 1990. Most of them are thought to be stamp collectors. (Or perhaps they were just high?) RELATED ARTICLES  Buy that online? Time to pay tax  Taxes make pricey places pricier  Tax-friendly states 2003 The majority of the $78.3 million the state has collected thus far has come from those who got busted and were found without stamps. But even if they had had stamps, it's not like their legal troubles would be over. "Purchasing stamps only fulfills your civil unauthorized substance tax obligation," according to the N.C. DOR Web site. Sex sales tax: Sin is getting pricier in Utah. Starting in July, owners of sexually explicit businesses where "nude or partially nude individuals perform any service" must pay a 10 percent sales and use tax on admission and user fees as well as the sales of merchandise, food, drink and services. That means customers will likely get hit with it as well. And that would be on top of the 4.75 percent sales tax the state already imposes on most transactions, whether sexually explicit or not. 'Jock' tax: Some cities and states levy taxes on the income earned by athletes, entertainers (OK, not just jocks) and their various entourages, including non-athletic or non-performer employees. Generally, that means any money earned by a player or performer while playing in that particular city or state gets taxed. For instance, Cincinnati levies a 2.1 percent jock tax. California levied the first jock tax in 1991, on athletes from Chicago, right after the Chicago Bulls beat the L.A. Lakers. (Chicago quickly responded in kind.) And today, most states with a professional sports team impose a jock tax. Sparkler and novelties tax: In West Virginia, businesses selling sparklers and novelties are subject to a special fee. So customers in the mood for July 4 festivities may get hit with that on top of the state's 6 percent sales tax. Playing card tax: If you want a deck of cards in the state of Alabama, be prepared to shell out an extra dime. The state government has levied a 10-cent tax on the purchase of a playing deck that contains "no more than 54 cards". If you object to this, get your playing cards in a different state, or buy a deck with an extra joker. Blueberry tax: Like fresh, wild blueberries? If they come from Maine, you may be paying a bit of a premium due to a tax imposed on those in the blueberry business. Anyone who grows, purchases, sells, handles or processes the fruit in the state is subject to a three-quarter-cent-per-pound tax. Wagering tax: Speaking of cards � and bets, most people know they have to pay tax on their gambling winnings. But in some places you may have to pay the price of a wagering tax, whether you gamble or not. The wagering tax is levied in a number of states, including Pennsylvania, West Virginia, Illinois and Oklahoma. It's typically levied on casino or track owners but can get passed onto customers through the cost of casino amusements. In Illinois, for example, the wagering tax is a gross receipts tax on riverboat casinos. And on top of that, the casinos must impose an admissions price, which is essentially a tax since it must be remitted to the city and state. Fur clothing tax: Minnesota winters are cold, and keeping warm can cost you if you like fur. YOUR E-MAIL ALERTS Create your own alert to be notified on topics you're interested in.
Or, visit Follow the news that matters to you.alert to be notified on topics you're interested in.Or, visit Popular Alerts for suggestions. Manage alerts | What is this? That's because businesses in the state must pay a 6.5 percent tax on the total amount received for the sale, shipping and finance charges associated with the purchase of fur clothing in which the fur accounts for three times more of the garment than the next most valuable material. But a merchant can pass that tax to the customer either by including it in the price of an item (on the theory that it's part of the cost of goods sold) or as a separate item on the bill so long as the item is not represented as a sales tax. Most types of clothing in Minnesota are sales-tax-free. Fountain soda drink tax: This one hails from Chicago. If you buy a "fountain soda drink" � think Pepsi in a cup or glass � you'll pay a 9 percent tax. If you buy the same soda in a bottle or a can, you'll only pay 3 percent. Amusement tax: Ever wondered about the extra tax you pay on stadium seats? That's the amusement tax, often levied at both city and state levels. Most states, including Massachusetts, Virginia and Maryland, and cities like New Orleans, have amusement taxes on tickets sold at any venue with more than 750 to 1,000 seats. Amusing, isn't it? Editor's note: This story, originally published in 2003, has been updated.
Before the University of Puget Sound could accept what has been called the first bitcoin donation to a U.S. university, Sherry Mondou had to clarify a laundry list of concerns.
“The risks that came to my mind were: Could there be a way for hacking or some way for the gift to be stolen while it's in process?” Mondou, the university's vice president for finance and administration, said. “By accepting bitcoin, is there some association with criminal activity? The big one was, really, in the end, how could we avoid the currency volatility?”
Bitcoin and its roughly 150 spinoffs, with names such as dogecoin, flappycoin and takeicoin, are cryptocurrencies -- electronic money. Despite the illustration photo used for this article, bitcoin has no physical form. The currency uses cryptography, and stores all transactions in a public ledger called the block chain. As an incentive for good bookkeeping, users in the bitcoin community can earn coins by confirming the integrity of other users' transactions -- a process called mining.
Bitcoin, whose creator was allegedly unmasked on Thursday, has been around since 2008, but it is only recently that the electronic currency has established a significant physical presence. Thousands of businesses around the world now accept bitcoin, and the first bitcoin ATMs recently powered on in the U.S.
The currency's growing popularity has also caused wild market fluctuations, such as when hackers gained access to the exchange site MtGox and got away with almost 850,000 bitcoins -- about 7 percent of the bitcoin economy -- which at the time was worth about $480 million. And since a part of the community is drawn to the currency to make illicit purchases anonymously, bitcoin has yet to convince many that it can be used as a payment tool or an investment strategy.
“You read a lot of headlines,” Mondou said. “You want to make sure you know what you're getting into.”
Puget Sound eventually settled on BitPay, an electronic payment processing service, and billed the donor for $10,000 to circumvent the currency volatility issue. But apart from soliciting donations, colleges and universities have yet to find a use for bitcoin. Instead, students are leading the charge. Bitcoin clubs have in recent weeks sprung up at Ohio State University, Pennsylvania State University and the University of Michigan, among many other campuses, where students meet to educate one another on the uses of digital currencies.
“I think it's proof that bitcoin is growing,” said Jad Mubaslat, a junior biomedical engineering major at Ohio State. “More and more people are coming on to it, and if you're going to hear about bitcoin from word of mouth, the first place you'd start hearing that is on college campuses.”
To illustrate how students are running the show, consider this: A faculty adviser for one bitcoin club declined an interview, saying the students themselves could provide “far more information.”
Mubaslat, whose bitcoin club was founded earlier this year, said the interest among college students is partly fueled by less altruistic motives than supporting a community-based currency. The market price of a single bitcoin surged to almost $1,200 late last year, which caught the attention of technologically savvy college students, they said.
“You shouldn't get involved or like bitcoin because it's 1,200 bucks a piece or you think it's a great investment, but the reality is that's how a lot of the people got interested in bitcoin,” Mubaslat said.
In interviews with members of bitcoin clubs established this year, students said they hope to focus on increasing awareness, helping community businesses accept bitcoin and supporting philanthropic organizations. (Some of their institutions, such as Puget Sound, have banned mining on campus, anyway.)
Mubaslat, for example, has founded the exchange site BitQuick, and has already helped a local barbershop accept bitcoin. Daniel Bloch, who founded the bitcoin club at Michigan, is about to launch a philanthropic crowdfunding site called Coin-Give. Penn State's club, led by first-year student supply chain and information systems major Patrick Cines, has partnered with the BitGive Foundation to support a bitcoin-funded clean water project.
Launching startups is not without its risks, as a group of students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology recently discovered. The students came under investigation by New Jersey officials for their start-up, called Tidbit, with the authorities demanding they turn over the source code. After being criticized for not coming to the students' aid, MIT president L. Rafael Reif released a statement saying they have "the full and enthusiastic support of MIT."
Bloch, Cines and Mubaslat are now in the early stages of organizing a college cryptocurrency conference, tentatively scheduled for April 2015, where students can network, discuss their startup ideas and hear from other entrepreneurs.
“I think it's important to note that there's a big proportion of people that like the anonymous part bitcoin for legitimate purposes,” Mubaslat said. “A big part is trying to get the smaller organizations from the different colleges to have a place to make sure that as individual organizations, we're still trying to follow a larger goal.”
Ironically, the students said the anonymity associated with bitcoin -- which so many users value -- has stymied community development online and in person.
“You could be trading coins with your neighbor without realizing,” said Bloch, a junior double major in plant biology and environmental engineering at Michigan. The bitcoin clubs at Michigan, Ohio State and Penn State were likely founded within days of each other, yet Bloch said they had no idea students at other universities had similar plans. “Because this is still not such an open community, you have to find those people,” they said.
With April 2015 more than a year away, the students acknowledged that the bitcoin economy may look very different by the time they are able to meet. In fact, many of the organizations are still awaiting official campus recognition, and their goals are likely to change as more students join. Yet the students said they were unfazed by the critical news surrounding bitcoin lately.
“A lot of the things that have been happening in bitcoin have been issues of services that run on the protocol, but I have yet to see any evidence that the protocol has any issues,” Mubaslat said. “There's so much innovation that can be made of bitcoin. I can't see it dying any time soon.”
Nov 6, 2016; Green Bay, WI, USA; Green Bay Packers wide receiver Davante Adams (17) is tackled by Indianapolis Colts cornerback Vontae Davis (21) after a catch in the first quarter at Lambeau Field. Mandatory Credit: Benny Sieu-USA TODAY Sports
According to the Indianapolis Star's Stephen Holder, Indianapolis Colts cornerback Vontae Davis has been added to the team's injury report with an ankle injury:
Another #Colts injury note…Vontae Davis has been added to the injury report with an ankle injury.  They are questionable. I expect them to play — Stephen Holder (@HolderStephen) November 19, 2016
It's worth noting that Davis was a full participant in practice for consecutive days on Thursday and Friday, and only was listed as sitting out Wednesday's practice for rest purposes.
Not to speculate too much, but it's possible Davis tweaked their ankle in Friday's practice and the team is now assessing where he's at.
While like Stephen Holder, I would expect Davis to play, their potential loss would certainly be a significant blow to the Colts secondary.
It may explain why the team promoted undrafted rookie cornerback Christopher Milton off the practice squad on Saturday. The latest roster move also likely impacted by starting cornerback Patrick Robinson being declared ‘doubtful' against the Titans with a groin injury already.
Facing one of the hottest quarterbacks in football, Marcus Mariota, who's coming off a 4 touchdown pass performance against the Packers, the Colts could surely use their best cornerback with their other starter Robinson already likely out.
The 28 year old Davis continues to be the Colts the best defensive player, having had 20 tackles and an interception in 7 starts this season–having missed the first 2 games of the season with another ankle injury.
Davis consistently takes away one side of the field for the opposing quarterback and has even shadowed the other team's best wide receiver at times this season with great success.
Here's hoping he's healthy enough to play on Sunday against the Titans because the Colts could be in quite a bit of trouble without their best cornerback and Robinson already presumably out facing Mariota's red hot passing attack.
Here's an excerpt from our fresh-of-the-presses eBook, What You Don't Know About Management: How to Take Back Your Work Day. If you like what you read, download the 50+ page eBook for free!
One of the biggest misconceptions of management is about what really drives people. In a survey of hundreds of managers by Amabile and Kramer, 95% failed to correctly identify the best motivator at work. This has huge consequences.
The most powerful motivator isn't monetary incentives or even beneficial management techniques such as providing recognition or interpersonal support. The best motivator is simply making progress on meaningful work.
As a manager, understanding that you can have a large impact on people's sense of progress can transform and clarify your focus on how your team gets stuff done. Your job isn't so much to manage the tasks themselves or be “inspiring” or dictate turn-by-turn directions on what to do. Your job is to manage people and facilitate their progress by providing support, tools, resources, and feedback.
The Manager's Oath
Understanding the power of progress is especially crucial, considering the negative impact of encountering setbacks. When Professor Amabile and Kramer analyzed nearly 12,000 employee diary entries for accounts of progress and setbacks, tracking accompanying emotional levels of happiness and frustration, they found an alarming trend.
Setbacks have more than three times as powerful an effect on motivation than the positive power of progress.
What follows should be embarrassing to managers but not surprising: the frustration, deflated sense of accomplishment, and diminished happiness that results from setbacks and obstacles often came straight from managers themselves. Stories like Lucas's are all too common:
During our new product review meeting, the MT basically told us what our top priorities were [for] new product development. [ … ] It was discouraging that our “freedom” to choose our direction / priorities was taken away from us as a team and we were given our direction, rather than being allowed to make more decisions on our own. [Lucas, 6/30]
When you consider just how vital employee autonomy is to happiness at work, “First, do no harm” — a fundamental principle of medical ethics — should also be the manager's mantra.
“First, do no harm” is a constant reminder to every medical professional to consider potential harms. Intervention carries risks that may ultimately cause more harm than not doing something or even doing nothing. The principle is easy to forget for doctors, because they view themselves as healers and are capable of tremendous good. But it's essential to check the behavioral tendency that Abraham Kaplan called the law of the instrument: “Give a small boy a hammer, and they will find that everything they encounter needs pounding.”
What's important is the health of the patient, not the dilemma between intervention and inaction. Tina Fey has a similar point when they write in Bossypants: “In most cases being a good boss means hiring talented people and then getting out of their way.”
Getting out of the way — and making sure there aren't other obstacles in your talented people's way — is no small task. Doing no harm as a manager requires awareness that the people you work with are human, with lives, feelings, concerns, and depth.
In their book How Will You Measure Your Life?, Clayton Christensen describes an epiphany they had on what makes us tick. In observing Diana, a scientist in their lab, with their family at a company picnic, they started to see them in fuller perspective, with a life outside of — but connected to — work. Them mood, happiness, sense of self-worth would impact all the corners of their life, so experiencing a bad day at work — feeling “underappreciated, frustrated, and demeaned” or learning little — had larger ramifications.
Christensen imagined a sunnier possibility, where feeling engaged and having a good work day would start a positive feedback loop:
On that day, I saw them driving home with greater self-esteem — feeling that they had learned a lot, having been recognized in a positive way for achieving valuable things, and played a significant role in the success of some important initiatives for several scientists and for the company. I felt like I could see them go into their home at the end of that day with a replenished reservoir of esteem that profoundly affected their interaction with their husband and those two lovely children. And I also knew how she'd feel going into work the next day — motivated and energized.
When you take that fleshed out, three-dimensional perspective of your colleagues' lives, the imperative behind the manager's oath is simple but profound: we're human beings whose mood, happiness, and self-esteem is hugely affected by what happens at work. So first, and above all, do no harm.
Understanding Who Your People Are
Having a fuller sense of the people you manage and what makes them tick can only help you do your job.
For Jason Stirman, Head of People Operations at Medium, this means putting aside work problems altogether. When they headed an engineering team at Twitter, Jason tried all sorts of stereotypical management advice like not getting too friendly with their reports and asking them what was blocking their progress — but nothing resonated. So they decided to focus on people first instead of work first by spending time with them one-on-one, taking them out to lunch and coffee.
To Jason's surprise, they found that asking questions like “What's going on in your life?” was more effective than “What's blocking you at work?” to resolve many work difficulties. “Whenever problems popped up, I'd totally ignore them and pay attention to the people who had them. Suddenly all these issues were just dissolving. I swear it was like a Jedi mind trick.”
Jason also extended this technique to managing relationships within teams. If they had two people who weren't getting along, they got them to talk about everything besides work:
[W]e got some casual conversation going, they discovered some similarities, and by the end of the hour they were talking about how to solve their issues. This was a conflict that literally kept me up at night, and as soon as there was space for them to connect as people, it was fixed. I thought, holy crap, this is a superpower.
You carry your whole life around with you, no matter how much you might pretend to have a work self apart from your self-self. When you get some sense of your team's whole selves — without prying or pressuring — you'll be a better manager.
Use opportunities, such as one-on-one meetings, or create them like Jason did to get to know your people. As Ed Catmull, co-founder of Pixar and President of Walt Disney and Pixar Studios emphasizes: “[I]t is the focus on people — their work habits, their talents, their values — that is absolutely central to any creative venture.”
Understand how you can best help your team make headway by trying some of these techniques:
Ask about goals and motivations.
Don't try to read minds and guess what motivates your team. Ask people about their goals. Where would they like to go in their current job? What might help them work better? What career aspirations do they have? What skills would they like to develop?
They may or may not have clear answers for you at first, but this is a meaningful opportunity for both managed and manager to spur growth, learning, and progress. So many managers don't take the time to ask their team members where they want to head. You have the power and expertise to help them find and navigate their path.
Heart Tree Star
Heart-Tree-Star is one structured way to think through and communicate about what moves you and where you want to go.
As a manager at Microsoft who ran training and development for senior executives, Barbara Grant developed this illuminating three-part model that goes through three lines of discussion around current passion and enthusiasm, growth and skill development, and personal definitions of progress and achievement:
Heart: What do you love doing? What are you good at?
Tree: What do want to develop? How do you want to grow? Where do you want to end up in the future?
Star: How do you feel rewarded?
People are different. Their relationship to progress and goals may differ, and what works in one managerial relationship may not work in another.
Provide a Boss Blueprint
Help your team get to know you better and faster. Just as getting a glimpse into the inner workings of your team helps you manage them, providing a window into what makes you tick and your own goals is mutually beneficial.
Luc Levesque, founder of TravelPod and General Manager at TripAdvisor, even provides their employees with a concise boss blueprint that outlines their particular values, dislikes, and quirks to prime them for great performance in short order.
Addressing protracted information asymmetry at work — including revealing details about how you work and your goals — allows everyone to better able to sidestep misunderstandings and stress as well as build more effective relationships.
Find the Goldilocks Zone of Proximal Development
Help your team become superstars by challenging them enough to boost growth but not so much as to overwhelm and crush their confidence.
In the classroom, aiming to teach in something called the zone of proximal development — a level just beyond students' current abilities — results in a higher level of performance. In Drive, Daniel Pink writes about a corresponding concept in the workplace, ascribing the standout productivity and innovation of companies like thatgamecompany and Green Cargo to their employees taking on “‘Goldilocks tasks' — challenges that are not too hot and not too cold, neither overly difficult nor overly simple.”
Managing in that “just right” sweet spot is surprisingly uncommon, given the competitive advantage it can yield. In a survey by Lee Hecht Harrison, 62% of workers said they often feel underutilized in their jobs, while 24% said that they sometimes feel underutilized. That's 86% of people who aren't fully engaged and whose skills aren't being fully harnessed. To contrast: consider how engaged employees find their peak experiences of learning and interestingness during the workweek rather than the weekend.
In order to find your team's Goldilocks zone, you have to know them and believe not just in their current abilities but that they can grow. Again, learn about their skills, interests, and goals. Have conversations about how people feel about their work responsibilities and whether they feel underutilized or underappreciated.
Finally, back up your greater expectations. Don't leave your team hanging when they're dealing with new or challenging projects. Provide the resources, support, and decision-making power to meet these challenges.
3D Development
At most companies, the concept of professional advancement involves climbing a ladder — getting a more senior title and moving up in the organizational chart. But this approach takes a limited view of development. When you consider career development as multidimensional, you grow both employee and company.
At Spotify, for example, development is defined with far more breadth and possibility, which removes the emphasis from power plays and focuses more on broadening your horizons and skillset.
This involves structured learning opportunities such as attending or leading trainings, courses, workshops. Or you can move within the organization for a new position or perspective. The company's “add-on” option allows you to work on new skills outside your job role, including training on how to mentor, write, and coach. A public speaker add-on, for example, would provide training to prepare you to speak at conferences and give talks.
People often leave their jobs, not to leave the company but to leave their manager. When you take care to listen to people, recognize their abilities, and help them grow — even if it's to a different team within you're company — you get to keep on a great employee.
This excerpt came from our fresh-of-the-presses eBook, What You Don't Know About Management: How to Take Back Your Work Day. If you liked what you read, download the 50+ page eBook for free!
P.S. If you liked this article, you should subscribe to our newsletter. We'll email you a daily blog post with actionable and unconventional advice on how to work better.
Image: RobertG NL
After more than three years of negotiations and delays, the state today officially began allowing legalized video gambling at bars, restaurants, truck stops and fraternal organizations.
Illinois Gaming Board Chairman Aaron Jaffe confirmed that video gaming officially went live earlier today. They estimated about 280 machines in about 70 establishments in Illinois are hooked up and ready for use.
Some Chicago-area bar owners confirmed the machines are up and running at their establishments and being used by customers.
Alfonso “Izzy” Izquierdo, owner of Izzy's bar in Joliet, confirmed this afternoon that the five video gaming machines they installed went online today.
“It's a big relief,” said Izquierdo, whose bar was approved by the state to operate the machines. “This has been a long, long time coming.”
Phyllis Accardo, owner of Crabby's Pub in Stickney, said that two of their customers were gambling within 25 minutes of the system going online at their establishment early this afternoon.
The state began testing video poker machines in a few locations last month to allow the gaming board to ferret out any bugs in the central computer system that the state will use to track revenue at each machine and ensure it gets it's portion of the proceeds.
Tuesday's official launch day for video gambling comes almost three and a half years after the Illinois General Assembly first approved a measure in May 2009 allowing up to five video poker machines to be installed in truck stops, fraternal organizations and establishments that hold a liquor license.
Revenue from the machines is slate to go toward capital improvement projects in the state.
The implementation was delayed by the lengthy reviews of the license applications filed by the manufacturers, distributors and businesses or clubs that would use the games.
The delay was impacted by a lack of staff at the gaming board to investigate and process all the applications. Hiccups in the state's efforts to source a central computer system capable of monitoring up to 60,000 video poker machines throughout the state also delayed the start.
efmeyer@tribune.com
Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking
Image caption Both sides are accused of the widespread shelling of civilian areas during the war
A government inquiry into Sri Lanka's civil war is "flawed at every level", providing no accountability for atrocities, says a new report.
The commission has not properly pursued allegations of war crimes committed by the army and Tamil Tiger rebels, says the Amnesty International report.
The rebels were defeated in 2009 in a hard-fought end to their two-decade separatist war.
The government has rejected Amnesty's conclusions.
It says that the Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission (LLRC) will provide justice and get to the bottom of human rights violations that may have been committed during the war.
The government says it is unfair to judge the LLRC's work until its report - which it says is based on witness testimony - is published in November.
It has repeatedly argued that its forces behaved with complete discipline in the last months of the war. It has dismissed the idea of an international inquiry into the latter stages of the conflict as a waste of time.
Enforced disappearances
The Amnesty report says it exposes the shortcomings of the inquiry carried out by the LLRC.
"The Sri Lankan government has, for almost two years, used the LLRC as its trump card in lobbying against an independent international investigation," said Amnesty's Asia Pacific Director Sam Zarifi ahead of the launch of the report - entitled When will they get justice? Failures of Sri Lanka's Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission.
"Officials described it as a credible accountability mechanism, able to deliver justice and promote reconciliation. In reality it's flawed at every level: in mandate, composition and practice."
The LLRC was established by President Mahinda Rajapaksa in May 2010, after they made a joint commitment to an accountability process in Sri Lanka alongside UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon.
Image caption Amnesty says that the commission falls well short of international judicial standards
But Amnesty says the commission's mandate falls far short of international standards for such inquiries and that it has "failed to appropriately investigate credible allegations of systematic violations by both sides to the conflict".
It says that these crimes include illegal killings and enforced disappearances, widespread shelling of civilian targets such as hospitals and the use of civilians as human shields.
The human rights group says that commissioners on the LLRC include former government officials who have publicly defended it against allegations of war crimes.
The LLRC published an interim report in September and will submit its final report in November.
The only category on which the LLRC expressly invited witness testimony from the beginning was economic hardship. Amnesty International report, September 2011
"It is the latest in a long line of failed domestic inquiries. Impunity has been the rule rather than the exception, now exacerbated by a post-conflict triumphalism that rejects all responsibility for abuses carried out by government forces," said Mr Zarifi.
"Only an international, independent investigation can deliver justice to the thousands of victims of Sri Lanka's brutal conflict."
When the Sri Lankan president set up the LLRC last year, US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said it held promise.
Since then, the government has reminded its critics of their remark, and has told them to wait and see what the LLRC produces.
But the BBC's Charles Havilland in Colombo says the commission does not have a high domestic profile. In its six months of public hearings people have given testimony about enforced disappearances which have been largely ignored by the media - except for Tamil-language newspapers.
The state-run Daily News says the Sri Lankan government delegation now heading for the UN Human Rights Council in Geneva will "counter numerous false allegations" levelled against the country.
By Noah Fitzgerel
Aug. 1 will be a day that marks Louisiana's continued effort to bore a hole though the wall of separation between church and state. That Wednesday is when the state's new school voucher program kicks in and private schools that teach religion become eligible for taxpayer support.
Zack Kopplin, a Louisiana native and student at Rice University who has fought attempts to lower the church-state wall, published an article discussing research they have conducted on the implications for science education.
Wrote Kopplin, “My review of the Governor's voucher program identifies at least 20 schools who use a creationist curriculum or blatantly promote creationism on their websites. These 20 schools have been awarded 1,365 voucher slots and can receive as much as $11,602,500 in taxpayer money annually.”
I shuddered as I scanned the article. It's troubling that a state government is giving almost $12 million to sectarian institutions to teach religion in science class (as well as other courses) instead of designating that money to its own public school system.
I couldn't believe the efficiency with which a Louisiana parent can search the Louisiana Department of Education's website to shop for a private school catering to religious beliefs with the promise of government aid. Gov. Bobby Jindal is obviously serious about supporting the agenda of the Religious Right and disparaging the church-state separation provisions of the First Amendment.
In their article, Kopplin focused on the science curricula of the sectarian schools that will receive aid from the state's coffers. These schools' education philosophies were largely similar to that of the Eternity Christian Academy, which according to Kopplin, considers evolution “extremely damaging to children individually and to society as a whole [because it] denies the principle of the individual's accountability to God.”
Kopplin's research further revealed that Louisiana's voucher program even benefits schools such as the Upperroom Bible Church Academy that publicly boasts that "we endeavor to win all unsaved students to Jesus Christ.” (The two schools I mentioned can receive up to $1,147,000 and $1,419,000, respectively, from the state's taxpayers.)
It isn't just fundamentalist Protestant schools that will get funding through the voucher scheme, of course. Catholic schools and those affiliated with other traditions will get public subsidies as well. There is not a doubt that Louisiana's voucher program can only be justified under a gross misinterpretation of the separation of church and state.
Kopplin, unfortunately, has gotten used to opposing Jindal's policies regarding religion and government. They began their battle against the degradation of the church-state wall in Louisiana when the governor signed into law the Louisiana Science Education Act (LSEA) in 2008. That measure gave pedagogical license to undermine evolution in the school science curricula.
We, here at Americans United, vociferously opposed the LSEA and are appalled that Jindal continues to disregard constitutional principle with the state giving incentives to parents to turn to sectarian institutions for their children's education.
Families are certainly free to patronize religious schools if they choose. The Constitution guarantees American citizens that right. Families, however, are not entitled to governmentally subsidized religious education.
The argument over the appropriate role of government and the degree to which it can involve itself with religious education is certainly not new to Louisiana. It was the subject of Edwards v. Aguillard (1987), a case in which the Supreme Court decided that it was unconstitutional for Louisiana to demand of its public school system that it teach “creation science” to its students.
Laws such as the LSEA and the new school voucher program were written to circumvent court rulings that have found the teaching of religion in public schools unconstitutional.
Political and legislative forces pushing creationism sometimes say they are promoting “academic freedom.”
As a public high school student myself, I do not see the “freedom” nor the “academic” qualities that are ostensibly inherent in these laws. Instead, I see an agenda to inhibit my ability to maintain my personal religious convictions and to allow public officials to infiltrate my education with a religious doctrine of their own.
Noah Fitzgerel is a summer intern at Americans United.  They are a rising senior at Annandale High School, Annandale, Va.
A plan to send live microbes to the Red Planet's largest moon risks wrecking our search for extraterrestrial life, argues Barry E. DiGregorio
WE HUMANS have a unique talent for contaminating pristine environments. We put millions of tonnes of pollutants into the atmosphere every year. We poison our soils, lakes, rivers and streams with chemical and radioactive waste. We spill oil into our seas. We fill the Pacific and Atlantic oceans with islands of plastic garbage visible from space. Is it any surprise that we are also contaminating pristine celestial bodies with bacterial spores?
Spacefaring nations have been sending unsterilised spacecraft to the moon, Mars, Jupiter, comets and asteroids for over 40 years. It has been estimated that about one trillion microbial spores from spacecraft are now scattered around Mars (Advances in Space Research, vol 35, p 1648). Yet the search for life in our solar system has barely begun.
It wasn't always so. At the dawn of the space age, policy-makers had every intention to protect space from contamination. They also set out to protect Earth from material brought in from other celestial bodies that might contain toxins or pathogens.
Advertisement
These lofty goals were enshrined in the United Nations Outer Space Treaty of 1967, now signed by all spacefaring nations. It plainly states: “Parties to the Treaty shall pursue studies of outer space, including the moon and other celestial bodies, and conduct exploration of them so as to avoid their harmful contamination and also adverse changes in the environment of the Earth resulting from the introduction of extraterrestrial matter.”
Early spacecraft had to be thoroughly and expensively sterilised before they could be sent to the moon or planets. However, over the years this requirement has been watered down. The Committee on Space Research (COSPAR) in Paris, France, has been charged with making adjustments based on new data. COSPAR now allows spacecraft to bypass any sterilisation as long as they are not carrying life-detection instruments or landing on areas of Mars designated as “special regions” – areas where liquid water could exist for short periods that might support terrestrial microbial growth. The problem with these policy changes is that they are premature: our knowledge about the survivability of life on Mars is constantly changing with each spacecraft mission.
Numerous reports have debated whether terrestrial spores might be able to replicate and spread on Mars. We still don't know the answer, so why risk contaminating the most Earth-like planet in our solar system?
Now a mission slated to launch in the second half of 2011 will effectively tear up the treaty. The Russian Federal Space Agency's Phobos Sample Return Mission (formerly known as Phobos-Grunt) will send not just microbial spores but live bacteria into the solar system for the first time. If this isn't a direct violation of the Outer Space Treaty then what is?
The mission will fly to Mars, study it from orbit and then land on Phobos, the larger of Mars's two moons. On board will be two sealed capsules containing live micro-organisms. Some months later the craft will embark on the return journey carrying the still-sealed capsules, plus samples of soil scooped up from the surface of Phobos. All being well it will return to Earth in 2014.
The reason for sending live micro-organisms to Phobos is to investigate if any survive the three-year journey. If they do, the researchers say it would support the theory of transpermia, which holds that microbial life can be exchanged between planets via rocks ejected from their surfaces by collisions.
That theory is tenuous at best. All of the Martian meteorites found on Earth spent millions of years in space before they arrived. In order to justify their experimental goals, one of the groups involved in the experiment, The Planetary Society of Pasadena, California, argues that rocks larger than 100 grams are transferred from Mars to Earth in only two to three years. No direct evidence exists for this claim. Is the transpermia question really so important that it is worth risking the contamination that would surely happen if the spacecraft malfunctioned and crashed on Mars?
This is no small risk. Of 38 craft launched towards Mars, only 19 succeeded. At least three crash-landed on the planet's surface.
Of 38 craft launched towards Mars, only 19 made it. At least three crash-landed on the surface
The Phobos Sample Return Mission has one of the most complex mission profiles ever flown. Not only will the spacecraft have to perform a series of manoeuvres in Mars orbit to launch a satellite, it will also have to change its orbit to rendezvous with Phobos. The last time the Russians attempted to land on Phobos was in 1988 with the Phobos 1 and 2 spacecraft. Both lost contact en route.
To make matters worse, we already know a good deal about microbial survival in space thanks to experiments done with Apollo, the Mir space station, the International Space Station and the space shuttles. Similar experiments have also been done at space environment simulation facilities on Earth. Why not continue to use these and spare Mars potential contamination?
For those having any doubts about microbes surviving a fiery re-entry, you need only consider the break-up of the Columbia space shuttle in February 2003. One of the microbial experiments on Columbia survived intact, although slightly charred. After analysis it was determined that a heat-resistant microbe, Microbispora, had survived.
The question “Is there life on Mars?” has surely been answered by our own ignorant actions. Yes, there is life on Mars, because we put it there. The only remaining question is, will it survive and grow, confusing future scientific results? Sending live bacteria to Phobos can only increase the risk that it will.
Music without vocals is sadly an acquired taste in this karaoke generation. Instrumental music is for the free-thinkers that don't need to be spoon fed emotional messages in capital letters with a thick black marker pen, but can take little scattered sticky notes and piece together their own interpretation. Listening to the debut record from Swedish melodic jazz-blues ensemble Daniel Westin Quartet excels at showing what instrumental music does best.
Composer and pianist Daniel Westin and their companions, Sebastian Svensson (guitar), Jonatan Lundin (double bass) and Oskar Eriksson (drums), create an album that's relaxing and peaceful like sunbathing on a blank schedule day but seen in the right way can be intelligent, expressive and powerfully evocative.
Before pressing play, you could use the album cover as the starting point or first note of guidance. Is it mundane or is it smartly ambiguous? Logic dictates that this candid vacation photo of an average populated beach should be in Scandinavia because of the band's affinity, but there's no indication of where or when this photo is taken and that vagueness is essential. It's almost like it's there to be helplessly over-analysed and paired with the inside content. That assumption works to some extent but other elements of the album associate themselves with scenes more extraordinary.
“Opening” complies to the first rule. The shuffling drum brushes slide rigorously in a rough and coarse manner on the skin like the texture of sand, whilst the grumpy plucks of the double bass have a hard edge consistency. Yet the rest of the instruments paint the overall picture: the piano is bright, sunny, friendly and clearly daytime, whilst also being reminiscent of the default music on holiday slideshows. The ambient guitar compliments, rather than, controls the mood and hints at an exotic pineapple-hanging paradise. The cymbals crash at the end but rather than disappear immediately, their tremolo effect keeps them rippling like puddles in the sea.
The rest of the album follows in a similar pattern but rather than simply reflect the present moment of its sedate setting, it could also predict the time before or after the event. The title track “Notes” contains suspenseful, unnerving and hurried twists from the piano's darker key change and drum intensity but springs back its original tone as if it was a set of short premonitions of what might happen next. It's also worth noting that Svensson's soothing guitar strokes gets time out of the shade and in front of the usually dominant piano to create a varied dimension.
The same case goes for the ironically-titled “Hymn“, where it's mostly relegated to the basement of the composition as an insistent piano loop as hissy cymbals and Lundin's double bass get promoted into the sun. Sparkles glimmer like rainbow-coloured wind chimes at the tail end of a track that's plagued by a doubtful personality. As “Waltz” suggests, it has the modest odour of ballroom fragrance in its piano performance. Its aristocratic elegance and interior environment, seems like the direct antithesis to the album cover. However the concept of movement is perhaps a correlation. Predominantly piano, there is also choppy inorganic percussion- also featured in “Hymn” – that modernize its rhythm.
“Organizer” is the only track to feature a warm and gospel-like electric organ – which contrasts with the cold steel of the metallic guitar. It starts off lively and optimistic but has moments of subdued temperament and suffers from sluggish repetition in it's final third. “The Train On The Meadow” is more immobile but announces it's self-assured tranquil landscape from the very beginning.
“Dante” is the album's spellbinding surprise and the band's magnum opus, due to its low frequency oscillations, experimental trumpet jazz and epic 8 and a half minute time length. There's something evolutionary about it, in the vein of Stanley Kubrick's 2001 A Space Oddysey. It's as if it encompasses everything that happened before the album cover's momentary situation in an absorbing scientific nutshell.
Starting off with flanging effects that seem as if they represent mini-Big Bang blasts that ripple with consequence in a spacious void. The piano stays grounded like the timeline or frame of the events. The pace builds up with earthly drums and a frantic pace before entering the human development phrase with its double bass. The chaotic free-jazz fronted by a wheezing middle-eastern-like trumpet could symbolize the confusion of modern day society.
However you interpret their cryptic canvas, Notes is a great example of how instrumental music can switch on more cerebral lights than music that spouts worthless words of imprudence. Daniel Westin Quartet's debut album Notes is out on May 15, and you can stream the entire album exclusively below. Pre-order Notes on iTunes here.
Words by Matt Hobbs
A group of scientists from the University of Southampton discovered a potentially effective way to prevent outbreaks of deadly respiratory illnesses like severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) and Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS), and it's not a vaccine.
It's copper.
Diseases like SARS and MERS are caused by animal coronaviruses - those that jump from animal to human host. Researchers discovered that a human coronavirus (229E) closely related to these animal coronaviruses remained infectious for at least five days on surfaces like ceremic tiles, stainless steel, glass, Teflon and polyvinyl chloride or PVC. This means a person touching such infected surfaces can get the disease.
However, on a copper surface, the virus was completely destroyed within minutes.
"Transmission of infectious diseases via contaminated surfaces is far more important than was originally thought, and this includes viruses that cause respiratory infections," lead study author Sarah Warnes said in a press release. "This is especially important when the infectious dose is low and just a few virus particles can initiate an infection."
Warnes said when the human coronavirus was exposed to a copper surface, it was "permanently and rapidly deactivated." Its structure and genome was destroyed so that infection became impossible. Warner said the use of copper could help prevent the spread of respiratory diseases.
"With the lack of antiviral treatments, copper offers a measure that can help reduce the risk of these infections spreading," they added.
The study authors recommended the use of copper surfaces in common areas.
"Consequently, copper alloy surfaces could be employed in communal areas and at any mass gatherings to help reduce transmission of respiratory viruses from contaminated surfaces and protect the public health," the authors wrote.
The study was published in the Nov. 10 issue of the journal mBio.
More than 20,000 people have listened to a recording of a Welsh man complaining to a supermarket call centre worker than they have been left without dinner because they have been sold a plain pizza base.
Minutes into the call, their complaints turn to embarassment as they realise they have opened the box upside down, and is in fact looking at the underside of the pizza.
After admitting, "I look like a fool" they go on to complain that the box should have been marked with instructions, saying which way up it should be held.
A man who goes by the name of Nicky Labron claims the call was a hoax, and one of many staged pranks placed on the website Youtube under their name. During the four minute call, the ASDA call centre worker attempts to be polite but is reduced to helpless laughter as their caller, from Merthyr Tydfil, appears to realise their error.
A spokesperson for the supermarket chain said the call sounded genuine, but that it had no way of tracing its records. They said ASDA had no plans to mark its pizza boxes with instructions about how to open them.
Sessions DOJ Caught Downplaying Evidence Linking Obama And Hillary To Uranium-One Scandal
A new report says the Justice Department under Attorney General Jeff Sessions downplayed evidence linking former President Barack Obama and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton to the Uranium-One scandal.
The evidence comes amid the secret FBI informant behind the Uranium-One deal breaking their silence.
Last week, William Campbell came forward as the secret FBI informant, saying they are eager to testify because of their “concerns about Russia's activities in the United States, but declined to comment further,” reports Reuters.
“I have worked with the Justice Department undercover for several years, and documentation relating to Uranium One and political influence does exist, and I have it,” Campbell told Reuters.
“FBI informant Campbell, acting as a consultant trying to help Rosatom overcome political opposition to the Uranium One deal, gathered evidence for six years, and, according to the more than 5,000 pages of documents from the counterintelligence investigation, there are a number of evidentiary links between corrupt Russians, President Obama, and Hillary Clinton,” reports Zerohedge.
Here's how Sessions and Rosenstein attempted to downplay proof linking Obama and Clinton to the Uranium-One scandal.
The Hill reports:
For instance, both Attorney General Jeff Sessions in testimony last week and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein in a letter to the Senate last month tried to suggest there was no connection between Uranium One and the nuclear bribery case. Their argument was that the criminal charges weren't filed until 2014, while the Committee of Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) approval of the Uranium One sale occurred in October 2010. “The way I understand that matter is that the case in which Mr. Mikerin was convicted was not connected to the CFIUS problem that occurred two to three years before,” Sessions testified to the House Judiciary Committee last week, echoing Rosenstein's letter from a few weeks earlier. But investigative records show FBI counterintelligence recorded the first illicit payments in the bribery/kickback scheme in November 2009, a year before the CFIUS approval.
Here's where Obama and Clinton come into the Uranium-One scandal.
Zerohedge reports:
Most critically, The Hill points out that Campbell's debriefing files also show they regularly mentioned to FBI agents in 2010 a Washington entity with close ties to Bill and Hillary Clinton that was being paid millions to help expand Tenex's business in the United States. The entity began increasing its financial support to a Clinton charitable project after it was hired by the Russians , according to the documents. Campbell engaged in conversations with their Russian colleagues about the efforts of the Washington entity and others to gain influence with the Clintons and the Obama administration. They also listened as visiting Russians used racially tinged insults to boast about how easy they found it to win uranium business under Obama, according to a source familiar with Campbell's planned testimony to Congress.
The FBI learned of the bribery scheme from Campbell.
According to Sean Hannity and Sara Carter, Campbell begun working with federal law enforcement in 2006 and alerted them to corruption by the Russians linked to the Clinton-Uranium One deal in 2009. Over the next four years, Campbell would provide the Department of Justice with “insurmountable evidence of corruption, kickbacks and money laundering,” by Russian officials.
Investigators had garnered mass amounts of evidence of corruption by the time the Obama administration approved the Clinton-Uranium One deal.
““Beginning in 2008, Mr. Campbell provided the U.S. government ample documented evidence of corruption in the Russian nuclear industry. Nevertheless, in October 2010 the Obama Administration authorized that corrupt entity to purchase a company that controlled 20% of the U.S. uranium supply,” Campbell's lawyer Victoria Toensing told Hannity and Carter.
The question remains, why was the deal approved?
An Indian film production company is overloading hosting companies with takedown notices, asking the providers to take down some of the largest torrent trackers in the world. While the notices are not the most accurate, they have already led to a temporary disconnection of a large public tracker.
At any given point in time, millions of people are sharing files via BitTorrent, transfers that are often coordinated by external torrent trackers.
Technically speaking a standalone tracker is similar to a DNS provider, it's a ‘phone book' which points people to content without knowing what it is.
The trackers themselves don't host any files nor do they have a searchable index. However, that doesn't mean that copyright holders will leave them alone.
Increasingly, trackers are asked to block infringing hashes from their service, which several do. This group includes the popular “Trackerfix” tracker. However, despite honoring removal requests the service got into trouble a few days ago.
The problems started with a wave of takedown requests sent by the Indian film production company Thirrupathi Brothers, which owns the rights to the Tamil movie Rajini Murugan.
The film company is not happy with a torrent being shared on the torrent site LimeTorrents so in order to stop it from being distributed Thirrupathi Brothers targeted a wide range of external trackers.
In a series of takedown notices sent to a variety of trackers' internet services including CloudFlare, OVH, Private Layer, Plus Server, Velia, Host Europe, Godaddy and NetSAAP it demands an immediate shutdown of the infringing activity.
As a result of the series of requests, the Trackerfix tracker suffered several hours of downtime.
Part of the takedown notice
TorrentFreak spoke with the operator of the popular Trackerfix tracker who is fed up with the whole situation. Even though they had already blocked the hash from their service, the threatening language resulted in their hosting company pulling the plug.
The downtime lasted a few hours but was eventually resolved. What's most problematic, according to the tracker operator, is that the notice itself is inaccurate and overbroad.
The email indeed appears to be missing parts and is confusing, to say the least. For one, it requests the takedown of several third-party torrent trackers for one infringing hash, out of the millions they track.
This is similar to requesting a DNS server to be taken down because it points people to The Pirate Bay.
“These torrents, videos, URL links are fraudulent/infringing material of the Tamil movie Rajini Murugan. The movie is illegally released around the web… want to stop fraudulent materials on web. The pirated videos are used your bittorrent tracker service for torrent fraudulent material transmission,” the broken English email reads.
In addition, the takedown notice references a combination of Dutch and U.S. regulations, even though several of the targeted companies are located outside of this jurisdiction.
“This letter is official notification under the Foundation for Internet Domain Registration in the Netherlands (SIDN) Dutch Copyright Act, protection of authors' rights […] and the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (‘DMCA'), and I seek the removal of the asupervisorstioned infringing material from your servers.”
At the time of writing the Trackerfix service is back online but the owner fears that they may have to search for a new hosting company if the takedown demands continue.
It's not clear whether any of the other torrent trackers mentioned in the takedown requests were also pulled offline, but according to Trackerfix it's certainly not getting easier to operate a torrent tracker.
PALO ALTO, Calif.  Enterprise collaboration tools provider Socialtext said it is upping the ante in the competition for corporate customers with today's release of Socialtext 3.0.
The trio of applications in Socialtext 3.0 are People, Dashboard and a major upgrade of the company's Workspace enterprise Wiki. Company co-founder and chairperson Ross Mayfield showed off the new version in a briefing with InternetNews.com. They also previewed Socialtext Signals, a Twitter-like micro-blogging tool designed for the enterprise. Signals is going into a private beta test phase this week, according to Mayfield.
"We're putting social networking to work," Mayfield said. This isn't about games and [asking], "Are you a friend, Yes or No?'. This is about faster discovery of expertise within the enterprise."
The release of Socialtext 3.0, which was announced in April , comes as a new generation of users  weened on consumer-oriented social networking services such as MySpace and Facebook  expect some of those same collaborative services where they work.
Socialtext People is designed to enable a detailed user directory built to give enterprise employees an easy way to provide information about themselves and make their expertise easily accessible to others. You can also subscribe to specific colleagues to get regular updates of their activities.
Dashboard provides customizable view of online conversations and various social network activities. An alert feed shows progress on relevant projects. Mayfield compares it to Google's customizable home page, iGoogle, but for enterprise users. You can aggregate all your information in one place using a widget-based, drag-and-drop dashboard and manage your attention across Socialtext, other enterprise systems and the Web itself," they said.
Workspace, an enterprise wiki designed to facilitate collaboration, is Socialtext's flagship product. The upgraded Workspace sports what the company said is significant usability improvements and tight integration to Dashboard and People.
A Wiki for the Enterprise
Mayfield said Workspace is different than consumer wikis such as the popular Wikipedia. "Wikis typically suppress to identify of users and that's a good thing when you want to give what's posted equal weight," they said. "But in the enterprise, who says something may matter more than what is said."
Socialtext's People is designed to offer ready access to that background information. Authors' names, for example, are hyperlinked back to their bio and other information about them.
Signals, the forthcoming micro-blogging tool, is designed to integrate with the rest of the Socialtext platform, giving context for what users are "signaling" or messaging, and why.
"The widget-based Dashboard is something sales reps would like, because they want to get their information in as few clicks as possible," Aberdeen Group analyst Alex Jefferies, told InternetNews.com.
They said the key for any so-called Enteprise 2.0 or social networking provider looking to gain business customers is adoption. "It has to be integrated with people's work routines," Jefferies said. "Anyone buying in has to first consider what they're trying to achieve and make sure the workflow is in place to customize the system properly. They credit Socialtext for offering permissions, role-based access to information and other regulations that may not be necessary for a consumer service but are crucial in the enterprise.
Jefferies said they think Signals could prove a popular service once it's available commercially, though they said it will face competition from companies such as Socialcast, which already offer some form of micro-blogging designed for the enterprise. Jefferies said a recent Aberdeen Group survey of sales and marketing professionals revealed that 86 percent use e-mail as their primary source of collaboration.
"Think about all the information that gets lost in the shuffle, that a simpler, more immediate tool like Signals could streamline," Jefferies said. "Anything that reduces reliance on e-mail has a chance."
A free, 30-day trial version of the Socialtext 3.0 is available at Socialtext.com.
Frogwares, known mostly for their Sherlock Holmes brand of adventure games, brings us Magrunner: Dark Pulse, a first-person action-physics puzzler-platformer hybrid with the tagline "Technology Meets Cthulhu." Huh.
Magrunner takes place in 2050, where you, a space explorer hopeful named Dax, start out in a training facility meant to teach you how to use the Magtech glove. This useful piece of technology lets you charge various items in the environment, letting you solve the puzzles the facility throws at you using the power of magnetism. Also, there's... well. I'll let the game speak for itself:
However, you will soon understand that the training facility you have entered is hiding a darker secret…. The high-tech installation that houses the training program quickly descends into a foreign, perilous parallel universe: the world of the Cthulhu Mythos, a strange land filled with sanity-shattering creatures imagined by H.P. Lovecraft. In this dangerous world, your skills will be tested more than ever. Do not falter, for your very life is at stake… and the fate of humankind is in your hands.
Okay, that actually does sound pretty cool. Magrunner: Dark Pulse comes to PC via Steam today. Releases for Xbox 360 and PS3 via Xbox Live and PlayStation Network will follow in September.
Wal-Mart's not the only one responsible for the Bangladesh fires Apparel factories have grown impossibly hostile to organized labor -- and major retailers are turning a blind eye
A day after Walmart workers and their allies staged protests and rallies outside the company's stores across the U.S., a fire erupted in a factory across the globe in Bangladesh, killing 112 workers who were trapped inside, where they sewed jeans and other apparel for the retail giant's Faded Glory brand. Another 200 were injured in the fire. On Monday, the streets of Dhaka, the capital city, were filled with thousands of garment workers, who demanded justice.
The main doors of the factory were reportedly padlocked, according to the Christian Science Monitor, and many workers jumped to their deaths rather than be burned alive, according to the Associated Press, which also reported survivors saying that they were sent back to their sewing machines after the fire alarm went off. Others said the fire extinguishers didn't work. A retired fire official told the New York Times that fire trucks were slow to arrive on the scene because there wasn't a proper road for approaching the factory.
Advertisement:
Your Job or Your Life
What do Walmart store “associates,” as the company likes to call its retail clerks, and Bangladeshi garment workers have in common? Both work in environments so hostile to labor unions that to undertake the work of organizing is a danger to one's livelihood -- or in Bangladesh, one's life.
As AlterNet reported last week, Walmart employees who got involved with OUR Walmart, a union-allied group that advocates for fair pay and working conditions, reportedly suffered retaliation. And for their groundbreaking documentary, Walmart: The High Price of Low Cost, filmmaker Robert Greenwald talked to a former Walmart manager (video) who told of how the company rigged a union election in an Annapolis, Md., store by temporarily transferring in workers from Arkansas who would vote against allowing the union to represent them.
In the apparel factories that supply Walmart and other U.S. retailers, an attempt to organize workers can land an employee in jail -- or even cost an organizer their life.
Responding to the Bangladesh fire, Walmart executives claimed that the supplier of its Faded Glory products, Tazreen Fashions, was not authorized to manufacture for Walmart, but that a contractor that enjoyed the Walmart seal of approval subcontracted with Tazreen. But for labor activists, that's hardly an excuse. A statement issued this week by the International Labor Rights Federation and Workers Rights Consortium reads, in part:
Regardless of whether Walmart acknowledges Tazreen as an approved supplier, Walmart is responsible for the safety of the workers making its clothing and should not abandon Tazreen and its employees following this disaster.
Elsewhere in the statement, leaders of the two groups blame Walmart's “constant downward price pressure” for inciting factory owners to cut corners in worker safety. But that's not quite the whole story.
Advertisement:
The Factory Police State
In truth, Walmart is just the biggest, most obvious player in a bad lot, which includes many U.S. and European retailers and clothing brands. In the case of Bangladesh, for which apparel exports is an $18 billion business, the Western companies essentially sponsor a factory police state that exists to satisfy the insatiable appetite of Western consumers for new stuff at a low price. And with the U.S. economy now wholly dependent on consumer spending, a vicious cycle has emerged to trap the workers of the developing world in the same sort of exploitive, deadly conditions that characterized American factories at the turn of the 20th century.
A hundred and one years ago, when the bodies of the 146 women killed in the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire in Manhattan -- under similar conditions to those killed last weekend in Bangladesh -- were laid on the sidewalk, hundreds of New Yorkers filed solemnly past to take in the horror. The tragedy helped spur the growth of the International Ladies Garment Workers Union. But in Bangladesh, union organizing brings the scrutiny of the security state, and can land an organizer in jail -- or worse.
In April, the body of Aminul Islam, a labor organizer who endured all manner of state surveillance, was found on the side of a road outside Dhakar, showing signs of torture. They had bled to death, apparently from a beating after they mysteriously disappeared. Associates believe that they were lured into captivity by a couple who came to them seeking their help to get married. (Islam was known as a devoutly religious man.)
Advertisement:
At the Rosita Knitwear factory in the Ishwardi Export Processing Zone just outside Dhaka, workers last March were beaten and even shot by paramilitary forces for calling “an impromptu sit-down strike,” according to the New York Times' Jim Yardley. Rosita makes sweaters for H&M, the fashion-conscious, low-price European chain that has taken the U.S. market by storm.
Bangladeshi garment workers typically earn around $50 per month on average; the minimum wage is $37 per month. Most are women, who comprise 80 percent of the garment-sector workforce. Apparel exports accounted for 80 percent of Bangladesh's exports in 2009, the latest figures available, and it is now the second-largest exporter of clothing in the world, just behind China.
Factories such as Rosita are located in special enterprise zones, which,according to the Times' Yardley, have laws and police forces that are separate from those of the rest of the country. They tell of one worker, Mohammad Helal Uddin, who, after being elected to lead a committee formed by workers seeking redress for a sexual demand made of a woman worker by their boss, was jailed when workers staged a protest. After their release, when they tried to return to work, Yardley reports, Uddin was abducted by members of a special police force, the Rapid Action Batallion, jailed, beaten and made to sign a statement of resignation.
Advertisement:
Labor Organizer Murdered
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reportedly raised the issue of the unsolved murder of labor activist Aminul Islam during their visit to Bangladesh in May, but the secretary's stated concerns appear to have done nothing to change conditions for the country's garment workers, despite the fact that Bangladesh is a U.S. ally.
According to Yardley, whose New York Times report was published in August, the nation's political power structure is dominated by factory owners:
Advertisement:
[Primer Minister Shiekh] Hasina's government has resisted expanding labor rights in a country where the owners of about 5,000 garment factories wield enormous influence. Factory owners are major political donors and have moved into news media, buying newspapers and television stations. In Parliament, roughly two-thirds of the members belong to the country's three biggest business associations. At least 30 factory owners or their family members hold seats in Parliament, about 10 percent of the total. “Politics and business is so enmeshed that one is kin to the other,” said Iftekharuzzaman, director of Transparency International Bangladesh.“There is a coalition between the sector and people in positions of power. The negotiating position of the workers is very, very limited.”
In fact, when representatives from 12 Western retailers formally expressed concern last July about growing labor unrest, the government brushed off requests from the companies to address the workers' wage demands, according to Yardley:
“No reason to be worried,” Khandker Mosharraf Hossain, the minister, told reporters, noting that brands were not canceling orders.
With the system so rigged against workers, there's no reason to believe the retailers and apparel brands who subcontract their manufacturing to factories in developing countries will adequately police themselves. That sort of self-policing scheme resulted in an even worse factory fire in Karachi, Pakistan, two months ago, when 300 workers at Ali Enterprises, another denim apparel manufacturer, died.
According to the International News, a Pakistani paper, the owners of Ali Enterprises “obtained a fake certificate from an audit company to satisfy the companies abroad that their factory met the required safety standards.”
The statement from the International Labor Rights Forum calls on Walmart to “join the comprehensive fire and building safety program with unions and labor rights groups that PVH (owner of Tommy Hilfiger and Calvin Klein) and German retailer Tchibo have already signed onto.” It continues:
Advertisement:
The program includes independent inspections, public reporting, mandatory repairs and renovations, a central role for workers and unions in both oversight and implementation, supplier contracts with sufficient financing and adequate pricing, and a binding contract to make these commitments enforceable.
Given the current structure of the global economy, it's difficult to see where that would be enough. To make this sort of compliance voluntary may be preferable to no compliance at all, but it's hard to see how, without an international enforcement mechanism, greedy companies will find an incentive to stop exploiting the peoples of an oligarchic state such as Bangladesh.
Already, Bangladesh's Prime Minister Hasini is blaming the Tazreen fire on arsonists, calling it an act of sabotage, but declining to name a suspect or a motive. Bangladesh's garment workers are already rightly fearful of false accusations, and this latest development does not bode well.
Three days into the month, and the Treasury has already redeemed $169 billion in debt, of which $137 billion in Bills. Run-rated (for Bills alone) this is about $5.5 trillion annually, or basically 63% of all marketable US debt. And somehow the Treasury is lowering the amount of new bond issuance beginning next week. We wonder just where Tim Geithner will get the much-needed cash to plug not only the increasing daily deficit spending (today alone the US burned $21 billion net of debt transfers, gross the number was even worse), as well as to fund daily rolls once rates start eventually increasing. This is financial suicide, although the Treasury knows that all too well. It is now stuck in a corner and has no way out than to hope for the best.
Total US debt today was $13.06 trillion. Total debt on March 6, 2009 was $10.95 trillion. The government has spent $2.1 trillion dollars to create a bear market rally which has now fizzled, and to fund a fiscal stimulus that is now dancing its death rattle. GDP will now gradually roll over, the unemployment rate will once again start increasing, diffusion indices, manufacturing and all other economic output will begin declining, but not before the bill is in. It cost Americans $2.1 trillion in debt to generate a 14 months sugar high (for which all will promptly receive a much higher tax bill). Luckily, we will never pay this debt off, so perhaps "the joke is on them" after all.
Science Calling: Anna Call on the $30,000 Climate Denial Challenge
Hello, I'm your science host, Anna Call. I review science things for Foreword Reviews and generally appreciate a good bibliography. (But really, who doesn't?) Today being the first day of this blog's life, let's run down why we're here:
To give independently published science a fair shake, a seat at the table, a chance to do right by Sir Isaac Newton and Albert Einstein, and the recognition it deserves. Let's face it: indie publishing is where it's going to be at. It's already happening. To keep up with the happenings in the world of independently published science. Maybe you read indie science, maybe you write it, maybe you partner with someone who does, but regardless of your stake, you need to know the latest. To have fun with it. Because this is science, and science is always fun. Right?
Now that the nitty-gritty stuff is out of the way, let's get right into the news.
$30,000 Climate-Denial Challenge
Physicist and indie author Christopher Keating is still looking for someone to scientifically disprove global warming. If the $30,000 prize (not a mere $10,000—check their blog) isn't enough to get you going, then consider this: the second submission has been denied as of June 23. It's on! Keating, a Texan who previously taught physics at the University of South Dakota, has been profiled all over the place since announcing the contest. (Check them out at the Daily Mail and Think Progress.) He's been into climate change literally longer than I've been alive. Check out their self-published book Undeniable: Dialogues on Global Warming.
Astonishingly, this isn't the first time someone's pulled a stunt like this: In 2007, Junkscience.com founder Steve Milloy, who lives at the other end of the climate change philosophy street, offered first $150,000, then eventually $500,000 for proof that humans were causing climate change. We've got to get these guys together. Milloy's book, Green Hell: How Environmentalists Plan to Control Your Life and What You Can Do to Stop Them, can be found here.
Get Ready for Self-Published Textbooks
A few of our readers might have already run into this fantastic paper from OpenScholar.org, but it's worth a read by every science-minded person who's thinking about publishing. It covers an alternative work flow for scientists who self-publish, criticizes journals for being narrow platforms stifled by pay walls, and proposes that journals are outdated and unnecessary in the current model.
As the article points out, physicists (bless their neutrinos) have been quietly self-publishing on arXiv since 1991, and with the publishing industry milking serious scientists to the tune of $9.4 billion in 2011, it's hard not to wonder why researchers don't look for alternative options. Granted, nobody's getting rich publishing on arXiv, but with over two million monthly page views, at least a few of the scientists who feature their work there must be getting a decent professional boost.
But it's tough to make money publishing in a journal under the best of circumstances. Textbooks are different; cash advances, publisher marketing support, the value of the brand name, and a hundred other factors seem to make a switch to open textbook publishing a more daunting option.
Still, academics are beginning to consider the possibilities. Joe Moxley of the American Association of University Professors has commented on textbook self-publishing options. They point out that not only may new models be viable, but making textbooks digitally available at a low price may be a way into the hearts and minds of cash-strapped students who increasingly seem to prefer multimedia to print. (He also talks about publishing with Pearson versus going it solo with their own venture, Writing Commons.)
As the price of e-books continues to rise, academics self-publishing their work could be the safety valve that keeps education in reach for the average learner. There may be other benefits—working outside of the purview of a huge corporation, for example—but the fact is that so little textbook self-publishing has been done up until now that it's impossible to know. This is truly new territory, and it's more than ready for pioneers.
We'll have to wait and see whether academics carry the open journal movement over into textbook publishing. Self-publishing physicists may have opened a door in 1991, but by the time the self-publishing movement blooms in full, that aperture may well become a highway.
NaPoWriMo
This gorgeous self-published book of science poetry is worth a look and available on Etsy. First of all, artsy Etsy + SCIENCE. Second, this book is a NaPoWriMo product, which really makes you wonder about how the National Novel Writing Month model could be applied to science writing. NaSciWriMo, anyone?
Will Write for Food?
Feel like food? Plant-based pharmacist Dustin Rudolph needs someone to review their upcoming book, The Empty Medicine Cabinet: The Pharmacist's Guide to the Hidden Danger of Drugs and the Healing Powers of Food. He's got ARCs! Drop them a line at the link.
Ask a Science Teacher
Anyone going to be in Madison, Wisconsin on August 10? Larry Scheckel, author of The Experiment's acclaimed 2013 reference book Ask a Science Teacher, will be speaking at the Barnes and Noble at West Towne Mall.
Anna Call
July 15, 2014
The photographs capture the aftermath of one of Chicago's worst disasters: rows of sheet-covered bodies inside a temporary morgue, two women crying while clutching a baby in a blanket, a Coast Guard crew hauling a woman out of the river, the Eastland flopped over in the water like a plastic toy in a bathtub, dozens of people atop its side, awaiting rescue.
But the most noteworthy images in a trove of glass-plate negatives recently discovered in the Tribune's basement archives are the views from inside the doomed excursion steamer, a vantage point rarely before seen, photo historians say.
"You've definitely found something special," said Greg Foster-Rice, an associate professor at Columbia College Chicago who specializes in the history of photography.
(The Tribune has published two collections of the images, one in the gallery above and one accessible here, which includes photographs taken of rescue workers inside the Eastland)
The collection of nearly 100 black-and-white images document one of the most tragic, yet often overlooked, days in Chicago history. On July 24, 1915, the Eastland listed to its side in the Chicago River between LaSalle Drive and Clark Street. More than 840 people died, many of them trapped inside the vessel as water poured in when the ship tipped over only a few feet from the riverbank.
Many of these photographs have never before been published. They add fresh, striking perspectives to that fateful day as the 100th anniversary of the Eastland disaster approaches. They also provide a unique glimpse into the world of newspaper photography at a time when images of breaking news or action were rare. In 1915, and for nearly 20 years afterward, daily newspapers mostly relied on text, sketches or posed photographs because cameras and the process of taking, producing and printing photographs was limited, time-consuming and costly.
There has been renewed interest in the Eastland in recent months as the centennial approaches. In addition to this collection, moving film clips of the disaster and rescue attempts recently surfaced.
Employees of Western Electric Co. and their families, about 2,500 in total, had boarded the SS Eastland for a trip to Michigan City, Ind., for a company picnic. Before the ship left, it began listing and swaying from side to side, eventually tipping over and capsizing on the south bank of the river.
The images from the Tribune archives were found inside two cardboard boxes in the newspaper's dimly lit, temperature-controlled basement archives five floors below Michigan Avenue in Tribune Tower. Marianne Mather, a photo editor at the Tribune, discovered the Eastland images in December as they searched for other images for the paper's Sunday Flashback feature.
The negatives were among the photography collection amid boxes stacked seven high on metal shelves in a corner of the basement room that also contains paper copies of the Tribune, dating back more than 100 years, and also old copies of the now-defunct Chicago American, Chicago Herald and Examiner and Chicago Today newspapers. Inside the boxes, Mather found 95 glass-plate negatives with photos of the Eastland rescue and the immediate aftermath of the disaster. About half of the negatives are 4-by-5 inches, the others 4-by-6.
Over 800 people died when the SS Eastland capsized in the Chicago River on July 24, 1915. Now, 100 years later, recently unearthed photos from the Chicago Tribune and recently discovered film from various newsreel sources have given historians a new look at this American maritime tragedy. (John Owens, Chicago Tribune) Over 800 people died when the SS Eastland capsized in the Chicago River on July 24, 1915. Now, 100 years later, recently unearthed photos from the Chicago Tribune and recently discovered film from various newsreel sources have given historians a new look at this American maritime tragedy. (John Owens, Chicago Tribune) SEE MORE VIDEOS
Among the photos are interior shots of the Eastland after the disaster, images that are of particular note to historians.
"It's unique that we see so many interior views of the boat because of what we know of the Eastland is the exterior. They're really nice, clear interior views of the aftermath of the disaster," said Leigh Armstrong of Armstrong-Johnston, a Chicago historical image research and archiving consulting firm. "It's always fun to find things in the attic or the basement. ... These certainly broaden our knowledge of the Eastland disaster and make it more real 100 years later."
Both Foster-Rice and University of Chicago art history professor Joel Snyder said the photos from inside the Eastland were taken with bulky, professional cameras using artificial lighting to illuminate the scene. Foster-Rice said the photographer made conscious choices to frame the shots, and likely used the man who can be seen leaning over the water in one image as a point of reference and scale. They also said the photos would have taken quite a bit of time to set up, considering all of the equipment needed to take the images.
"There's significant effort," Foster-Rice said. "In order to get these, they would have had to lug heavy equipment that would have been very dangerous to set up, especially if they were going to lug it down into the water in the inside of this ship to take these photos. That's pretty impressive."
Foster-Rice and Snyder also said the shots of the temporary morgue were made with long exposures because of the blurred figures on the edges of the frames and likely were taken with a camera using a tripod. Foster-Rice added that the photos are taken to give scale to the tragedy by allowing the viewer to see the size of the building holding the bodies.
"This seems like a very planned operation," Foster-Rice said.
The images found in the Tribune archives supplement a collection of previously published Eastland images, including the one the paper published on Page 3 the day after the accident. That photo, credited to Mike Psaris, shows victims in the water and the rescue underway about eight minutes after the Eastland flipped, under the headline "Amazing Photograph of Eastland Disaster."
It is unclear who took the photos in the newly published collection. Most photos at the time, if they were published, ran without crediting the photographer.
It wasn't until the mid-1930s, Foster-Rice said, with photography and printing technology improving and competition from weekly magazines and radio heating up, that daily newspapers began to publish more action photographs.
By that time, the Eastland disaster was already a memory.
Photographers with the city's eight daily newspapers raced to the scene on that summer Saturday morning as word of the Eastland quickly spread to newsrooms.
Lyman Atwell of the Herald, Robert Hollihan Sr. of the American and Godfrey Lundberg and Fred C. Eckhardt of the Tribune also took photos that day.
Another photographer was Jun Fujita, a 25-year-old Japanese immigrant who had been taking pictures in Chicago for about a year. Fujita ended up capturing one of the iconic photos of the day, a picture of a firefighter with an anguished look on their face holding a dead boy.
Graham Lee, Fujita's great-nephew, who found many of their relative's other photos from the Eastland disaster in green metal boxes years later, said photographs of the Eastland captivate the public.
“I just think that what's been developed (in B.C.) in the past hasn't worked that well. Delancey isn't going to work for every person, but it will for those who need it,” said John McLernon, chair of Streetohome and a co-founder of the global real estate giant Colliers International. The discussion to bring Delancey to Vancouver is in its early stages, but of the potential sites shown to Silbert recently they liked the soon-to-be-vacant Emily Carr University buildings on Granville Island the best, followed by a retail and residential complex in trendy South Granville. Delancey's non-profit facilities are in well-heeled communities, as Silbert believes residents need to “rub shoulders” with upstanding citizens to learn to emulate them. As a result, they have faced protests from angry neighbours who don't believe a bunch of criminals and junkies can change: In New Mexico, opponents came to Delancey's gates with guns, and in New York protesters picketed the facility, the office of the realtor who sold Silbert the land, and the bank involved in the sale. But at each site, Silbert and their team have slowly won over most local residents simply by being good neighbours, such as by walking the local streets to watch for problems. “Nobody is really happy to have dope-befuddled ex-cons come, but then we patrol the neighbourhood and they are happy.We've been in six cities, and we have every police chief and every mayor saying the areas they live in are the safest and have no violence,” said Silbert, who has a PhD in psychology and criminology from University of California, Berkeley. “I've spent 40 years with the most horrible, violent, use-every-drug people, and they have changed.” AN EXTENDED FAMILY Those once “horrible” people are now as close to Silbert as their own children and grandchildren. They travelled to Vancouver with four Delancey residents, and their relationship is clearly one of acceptance, love and gratitude. Wearing suits and ties, their hair cut short and their tattoos covered by dapper clothes, the four men all work in the popular restaurant at the Delancey facility in San Francisco, where each has been for about three years.
Aaron Hanna, 30, fully acknowledges they were a bad actor, someone neighbours might not initially want on their street, but says that when Delancey gave them a chance, it saved their lives. They encouraged Vancouverites to give the same opportunity to vulnerable people here. “We deal with (naysayers) still at home to this day. They don't feel safe with convicts around. You have to prove them wrong,” said Hanna, who now works as a chef, though before Delancey their cooking was limited to using a microwave. Hanna said they never really believed in himself. But after a decade-long heroin addiction, they were forced to detox in a county jail and when they came out a judge saw some good in the likable young man and sent them to Delancey. “I don't think about getting high or drinking anymore,” they said. “I was a liar and a cheat and a manipulator coming into Delancey. But I grasped onto the lifestyle they offered me. I'm at a point in my life that I never thought I'd be. I love Delancey Street with all my life.” Silbert, who was raised by Jewish immigrant parents, does not have the same background as people like Hanna, but they live alongside them and others at the San Francisco facility, abides by its rules, and takes no salary. They launched Delancey in 1971 because, while working as a therapist, they discovered there was a shortage of good rehabilitation programs. WORK TO LIVE Instead of relying on government funding, Delancey sustains itself financially with businesses the residents are trained to run, such as moving companies, restaurants and catering operations, and Christmas tree lots. It also receives donated products and services from local organizations.
Silbert has made shrewd real estate purchases for Delancey sites over the years, with a combination of donated funds, money earned and wily negotiation skills. With Vancouver's sky-high property values, buying a large, exclusive property in the city will be a challenge, but if the project goes ahead, it will have the support of Streetohome, which has a record of raising philanthropic funds for such investments. Daryl Wiebe, a recently retired Vancouver police superintendent who wrote the force's mental health strategy report, is now Streetohome's Delancey project manager. They believe the Delancey model would be in high-demand here, and the potential of hundreds of drug users entering it could open up much-needed space in harm-reduction programs for those not ready for an abstinence model. They were with Silbert when they met recently with a group of Vancouver drug users; one man was in a 90-day treatment program, but was worried about trying to arrange where they would go next for long-term support, housing and employment. A model like Delancey's, Wiebe noted, offers all that under one roof. And it is open 24-7, allowing people to walk in whenever they want the help — a service that just isn't available in Vancouver. Each Delancey has a bench inside its front doors, where potential clients wait after ringing a bell for a team of residents to interview them.
Wiebe envisions people could be referred to a local Delancey by Vancouver's drug or community courts, probation officers, social service agencies or health care facilities. If admitted, they must agree to abstain from drugs or alcohol, and if they relapse will be asked to leave. In the U.S., the average Delancey resident has had a dreadful life. According to the agency's statistics, most who move in have come from families that were trapped in poverty for many generations. Usually, they have been victimized physically, emotionally or sexually. They were, on average, hard-core drug users for 18 years, were at least second-generation gang members, have been institutionalized a minimum of four times and were homeless for six months or more. Because of the over-representation of men in the U.S. penal system, only one in five residents is female. This group is also overwhelmingly illiterate, unskilled and lacking in work habits. And that makes the successful businesses and self-help services run in the six Delancey locations all the more astounding. “We are relying on people who have failed in school to be teachers; we are relying on people who have never worked and have no skills to run our restaurant, our moving company, to earn our money, and to manage our entire organization,” Delancey's website explains. “We are relying on self-absorbed people to care for others. And because our residents graduate once they have gained the attitudes, values, skills, talents and strengths they need, we are always relying on new people to keep the organization going.” All Delancey residents work without pay, and in exchange receive room, food, clothing, health care, education and, eventually, a little spending money. The new residents start in low-skill positions like maintenance and then are trained by the longer-term residents to handle more demanding jobs — such as driving the moving trucks, repairing the building, helping others complete school courses. Not everyone who turns to Delancey is admitted. Repeat sex offenders are turned away, as there is no professional therapy. The same rule applies for people with extreme mental illnesses, although those with more minor conditions are accepted. No arsonists are taken in because Silbert doesn't want to lose facilities they fought so hard to create. The six Delancey properties are stunningly beautiful: the San Francisco site is 370,000 square feet, designed by an acclaimed architect, on the city's coveted waterfront; New York‘s is on 50 acres north of the city in a 22-room 1860 castle that was restored by the residents, who now offer antique furniture refinishing as one of their popular businesses; the Los Angeles site is in a Mission-style hotel that holds 300 residents off the Hollywood freeway, and also has a giant warehouse in Montebello with several training schools, including one for auto body repair; the South Carolina and North Carolina sites are in southern mansions; New Mexico‘s facility is on a 17-acre ranch.
When Streetohome officials took Silbert around Vancouver to check out possible locations, their strongest reaction was to the Emily Carr buildings on Granville Island, which will be empty later this year when the university moves. It is sought-after real-estate space in one of Vancouver's most loved destinations, and that is exactly what Silbert is looking for. “I'm madly in love with this site,” they enthused, adding it could still be a school — just one for the underclass. “We would take people in who have every problem known to humankind, but they would learn vocational skills, all the computer art skills. We could run a restaurant. We could teach them (to run) hair salons. We could do so many things. And this is so vibrant.” Silbert liked the neighbourhoods of two other potential locations, but a retail and residential space on South Granville at 8th Avenue would require extra storeys to be constructed; and two smaller buildings with some businesses and apartments on Joyce Avenue in the Collingwood area would have to be torn down and a new facility created. They were less enthused about the other two potential locations, expressing concern the neighbourhoods were not homey enough: a large building with apartments, office and retail space in the Hastings/Sunrise neighbourhood; and a commercial property at Kingsway Avenue and Glen Drive.
In California, mortgage scammers find easy pickings
As foreclosures climb, so does fraud by schemers preying on desperate homeowners hoping to modify their loans. State investigators have 750 open cases -- up from just 10 a year ago.
Law enforcement officials say the scams are becoming increasingly prevalent, especially in California, where the Department of Real Estate has reported an explosion from 10 open cases a year ago to more than 750 this spring. Nationally, U.S. Atty. Gen. Eric Holder has said that the FBI's "rescue scam" caseload is up 400% from five years ago.
Castellanos had been a victim of an alleged loan modification swindle -- a financial crime in which scammers pretend to help distressed borrowers renegotiate their mortgages with their banks but instead pocket the money and leave the homeowners in worse straits than before.
No one at the company had previously been in contact with her, Castellanos recalled the man saying. The bank had no record of a new loan agreement with her, they said, nor had it received cashier's checks for $2,260 and $1,408.23 they said they had sent.
A representative from their mortgage company was on the line with troubling information about the loan on Castellanos' Hesperia home.
Maricela Castellanos sat at their desk, the telephone pressed to their ear, a chill running through their body.
Some schemes advertise with hand-drawn signs on freeway ramps, while others target homeowners by name with carefully forged documents that appear to come from their lender.
The alleged scam artists to whom Castellanos paid more than $5,000 last fall were among the most sophisticated operating in California, authorities said, stymieing investigators with a thicket of bank accounts, 1-800 numbers and wire transfers to Mexico.
"Trying to piece it together . . . was an incredibly difficult thing to do," said Deputy Atty. Gen. Angela Rosenau.
Hours after Castellanos' conversation with their lender, an unfamiliar car paused in front of their house.
Sandy Birch, an investigator with the California Department of Justice, had arrived with a cashier's check Castellanos had sent to a post office box in the San Fernando Valley.
"I want to know why you were sending money there," Castellanos recalled Birch asking them
Castellanos told the investigator that they and their husband had bought their three-bedroom home on Manzanita Street in 2005. Their $280,000 loan had a monthly payment of about $1,700 -- manageable on their salary as an office manager and their husband's work at a golf course. Then their husband got laid off.
In July 2008, the mortgage fell into default. In August, Castellanos received a letter that appeared to be from their lender, telling them they could enroll in a free program to save their home. It even included a warning to beware of foreclosure rescue scams.
"I really fell for it," they said, adding that they responded immediately.
Days later, a man phoned Castellanos to say they and their husband had been approved for a more affordable loan, with delinquency fees tacked onto the end.
This sounded reasonable, Castellanos recalled, so they didn't question it when told to send their payments via money order or cashier's check to the "Payment Processing Department" at a postal box in North Hills.
But their bank had nothing to do with the purported new loan or the mail drop.
The California attorney general's office had been fielding complaints for months from homeowners who had fallen victim to what one prosecutor termed a "brilliant scheme."
Representatives of this operation allegedly induced homeowners to send them as many as three consecutive mortgage payments. More than $1 million flowed through a series of bank accounts, much of it eventually crossing the border to banks in Mexico, according to the attorney general's office.
The latest meat-like veggie burgers are from a company called Impossible Foods . The magic ingredient, according to their website, is "heme," something abundant in meat but also found in many plants on earth. It's the part that gives meat its texture and makes it "bleed."
Some of the first "bleeding" veggie burgers were made by Beyond Meat and only sold at a Whole Foods in Colorado. They sold out IN ONE DAY.
So, there's been a lot of talk about "bleeding" vegetarian burgers — all-vegetable patties that somehow, miraculously, have the consistency of actual red meat.
The burger and fries cost $12. It's obviously more than a fast-food burger, but on par with an average NYC lunch spot.
This week, David Chang's Momofuku Nishi in NYC started serving this "bleeding" Impossible Food veggie burger. So we — one vegetarian, one meat eater — had to go try it.
Our thoughts going in:
Chelsea: I was so pumped. I haven't eaten meat in eight years, and while I can find a substitute for hot dogs (they are both highly processed, veggie or not, so it's probably simpler), I haven't had something that actually satiates that primal appetite the way a burger does. Some vegetarians are like, "Meat is gross, why would I want to replicate that?" I do not understand those people. I didn't become a vegetarian because I hated the taste of meat. I become a vegetarian because I don't like where it comes from. And honestly, the only thing that I sometimes miss is a nice, juicy piece of meat. And yes, that juicy means "bloody." So sue me.
Joanna: I eat meat, so my last real-meat burger was maybe a month ago. The idea of a "juicy" veggie burger was a little weird to me. I know it's made out of vegetables, and I've never been one to seek out wet, juicy vegetables.
[woocommerce_products]
Selecting the Best Ball for Your Game
Choosing the right golf ball for your game is extremely important. By taking time to pick out the right ball, you will be putting yourself a step ahead of the competition.
There are a number of factors to consider when picking a golf ball; including spin rate, compression rating, cover firmness, and more. The key is to match your skills with the right golf ball. This is certainly not a ‘one-size-fits-all' situation – a ball that is all wrong for your game may be perfect for another player.
The best way to find the right golf ball for your game is to start by narrowing down the field. There are tons of golf balls on the market today, but many may not be the best fit for your game. Once you have narrowed down the list to a few contenders, pick up a sleeve of each for some on-course testing. By seeing how each of your options works under actual golf conditions, will help you select the best ball for your game.
What is USGA Conforming Golf Balls?
All of the balls in the fitting engine above are USGA Conforming Balls.
As the name would indicate, USGA conforming golf balls are models which have passed testing by the USGA. These golf balls have the specifications required for use in official golf competitions. While you do want to play with a ball that is USGA conforming, you shouldn't have to look too hard to find such a model – most of the balls on the market today are USGA conforming.
If you would like to check the conforming status for any specific golf ball model, visit the following link – USGA Conforming Golf Ball List.
What Does Short Iron Spin Rating Mean for Your Game?
For most players, a golf ball with a high short iron spin rating is going to be a good thing. On these shorter shots, you don't have to worry about the ball spinning from side to side – so the higher spin rate is going to be delivered almost exclusively in terms of backspin. With that being the case, a ball with plenty of short iron spin is going to help you bring your approach shots to a stop as quickly as needed to attack the flag.
With that said, it is possible to have too much of a good thing. If you are a player who already puts a lot of spin on the ball – due to a high swing speed and a downward angle of attack – you may not want to have your ball contributing too much to your spin rate. Excessive spin on your short irons will make it difficult to keep the ball on the green, and you may find that playing approach shots in the wind becomes extremely difficult.
To summarize, the average golfer will be well-served by a ball which provides a high rate of spin on the short irons. However, those who already spin the ball at a high rate without the help of the ball should look for moderate to low-spin options.
Basics of Golf Ball Construction
Golf ball construction can be a complicated topic, but we will attempt to outline the basics for you quickly in this section. One of the most important topics to understand with regard to golf ball design is the use of layers. Modern golf balls are built in layers, with anywhere from two to five layers seen in their construction.
Two Piece Golf Balls. Generally, two-layer golf balls are the beginner, game improvement models. These are not high-end balls, and they come with an affordable price tag as a result. If you are a beginning golfer, or you have been playing for a while but still struggle to break 100, a two-layer ball is probably the right choice. Typically, the core of the ball will be made from rubber, while the cover will be plastic or urethane.
Three Piece Golf Balls. Golf balls with three layers usually come in around the middle of the market in terms of price. These balls will offer more spin and ‘playability' than two-piece balls, but they don't quite have the performance of the high-end four or five-piece options. For the bulk of the amateur golfing population, the three-piece ball is going to be an appropriate choice.
Four and Five-Piece Golf Balls. Pro golfers and accomplished amateurs are the target market for these kinds of golf balls. You will find plenty of spin with these models, but you will have to know how to control that spin properly in order to achieve great results. Before you spend the money required to purchase a box of four or five-piece golf balls, make sure your game is up to the challenge that these models present.
Beyond the number of layers, you can get into a variety of other topics related to ball construction such as core materials, cover materials, dimple patterns, and on and on. Realistically, these topics are not particularly important to the average golfer. As long as you find a model which fits your skill level – and your budget – you should be ready for the first tee.
Are Expensive Golf Balls Better than Cheap Balls?
Simply put, no – expensive golf balls are not better than cheap golf balls. Expensive golf balls are, however, different than cheap golf balls, so it is important to know the difference when shopping. Generally speaking, it works like this – expensive golf balls, which are marketed to better players, offer higher spin rates, high compression, and soft feel around the greens. On the other hand, cheap golf balls usually feel quite hard around the greens, they often have a lower compression, and they don't spin much.
The right ball for you is going to depend on your skill set at this point in time. Are you able to control your ball consistently as you make your way around the course? If so, you might be ready for a high-end ball. That will not be the case for most golfers, however. The average player is going to be better served by a less expensive model. With a lower spin rate and easier distance, cheap golf balls are the best bet for the typical 90s or 100s player.
How Much Should You Pay for Golf Balls?
The amount of money you should be willing to spend on a box of golf balls will depend on your skills on the golf course. If you are an accomplished player with a single digit handicap, you are going to need to purchase a premium golf ball – which usually means spending $35 or more per dozen. On the other hand, if you are a relatively new golfer and you rarely break 100, your focus should be placed on value. In this case, you can buy a decent box of balls for less than $20 without any trouble.
Selecting the Right Golf Ball Color
Just a few years ago, your choices for golf ball color pretty much came down to white – and that's it. However, things have changed in recent years, as more and more ball manufacturers are offering a variety of colors to pick from. So, which should you choose? This is one of those things that comes down to personal preference more than anything else. There won't be any kind of performance difference between colors, so opt for the ball that is most visually appealing to you.
Perhaps surprisingly, the traditional white golf ball seems to be the easiest to spot while playing a round. You might think that something bright such as orange or pink would stand out as it flies toward the target, but that is not always the case. If you sometimes struggle to see your golf ball, you will probably be best served by sticking with the standard white option.
How to Estimate Your Golf Swing Speed
The best way to determine your swing speed would be to visit a professional club fitter who can measure your swing on a device called a launch monitor. However, if you are not going to take that step just yet, you should be able to roughly estimate your swing speed by using your average driving distance. It should be noted that this option is never going to be perfect, as there are a number of factors which will affect your distance other than swing speed, but this can serve as a good starting point.
If you typically carry your drives approximately 215 yards, your swing speed will likely be right around 90 miles per hour. If you move that carry distance out to 240 yards, your swing speed may come in at 100 MPH. Tour players are usually in the 110 to 120 MPH range, which places their carry distances with the driver at anywhere from 265 – 290 yards. Once you have a solid estimate on your swing speed, use that number to pick out a golf ball which is going to be suitable for your game.
What Are Golf Ball Compression Ratings?
Compression is a measurement of a golf ball's ability to be compressed at impact. When you strike the ball with your driver – or any club, for that matter – the ball will be compressed down to a fraction of its original size. This compression only lasts for an instant, of course, as the ball quickly regains its shape before heading off into the distance.
At one time, golf ball compression ratings were frequently featured right on the side of the ball. While that is no longer commonplace, compression does remain an important concept for the average golfer to understand. In order to maximize both distance and performance, you want your swing speed to match up with the compression rating of your ball. Players with a high swing speed – something in the 100s – will want a high compression ball to match. Likewise, players with a low or mid-level swing speed will need a ball that has a compression at the appropriate level.
The Best Golf Balls for Beginners
Beginning golfers often make the mistake of thinking they need to purchase the most expensive golf balls on the market. Not only would this be a waste of money, it would actually be harmful to the progress of your game as a beginner. If you fit into this category, you should be looking for a distance ball which comes in on the lower range of the price spectrum. Higher priced balls are going to spin more than cheaper options, and extra spin is not a good thing for you at this point. Check out these selections for the best golf balls for beginners.
While golf is an expensive game, you actually can save a bit of money early on by following this advice. Buy affordable boxes of distance balls when just getting started in golf, and gradually work your way up the spectrum as your skills improve. You will eventually need to buy more expensive models once you have the ability to control your spin, but save those purchases for a later date.
The Best Golf Balls for Seniors
For senior golfers, the biggest battle tends to come down to swing speed. We all lose our swing speed gradually as we age, so you need to make sure you are picking out a ball which matches up with your current abilities. Usually, senior players will benefit from a ball with a relatively soft compression, as such a ball will return solid distance from even modest swing speed. Check out this guide on the best golf balls for seniors.
Within the category of golf balls with softer compressions, you can still pick from a range of options depending on your skill level. It is okay to use a ball with a high spin rate if you are a quality player, but look for something lower on the spin scale if you have trouble controlling your shots. Either way, make sure the ball you pick is not too firm for your swing. You don't want to have to force extra swing speed just to get the ball off the ground – having to fight your golf ball is never going to lead to positive results.
Following the announcement of Monster Hunter XX on Switch, Famitsu has its first coverage of the new version this week. The magazine mainly tackles the controls and information about save transfers, but we also have a couple of tidbits about improvements plus screenshots.
Players will be able to transfer save data from Monster Hunter Generations (3DS, Japanese version) to Monster Hunter XX on Switch. You can also transfer the same content which you can move from Monster Hunter Generations (3DS, Japanese version) to XX (3DS).
You can't transfer some gear. If you change your gender, some exclusive gear will be exchanged to the one for the other gender. Some nonexchangeable gear vanishes, but you will obtain a crafting fee, forging fee and Armor Spheres.
Guild Cards are transferable. However, some of the information and settings tied in with Guild Cards can't be moved, such as Gear settings, Journal, total play time, etc.
All download quests will vanish. The settings for your block list and chat template also can't be transferred.
To move or share save data from 3DS to Switch, you need to download and use an app. It will be free though and should be distributed on the eShop.
On Switch, Monster Hunter XX's user interface is optimized for a single screen and has been refined. There are various revisions and the following are just some examples:
– You can simultaneously see both the appearance of a weapon / equipment and required materials on crafting or forging.
– Chat window area is enhanced; thanks to its higher resolution, text is easier to read.
Finally, here's a look at the different control types:
Control Type 1:
– Hunter Arts
D pad
– Target Camera
ZL
Control Type 2:
– Hunter Arts
R+A+B
ZL
ZR
– Target Camera control
D pad
– Hunter Arts
ZL+A
ZL+B
ZL+X
– Target Camera
Pressing down R Stick
According to Famitsu, development progress is 75 complete. Monster Hunter XX launches for Switch in Japan on August 25. View the latest screenshots below.
Thanks to iYakku for assisting us with this post.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
NFL coaches: they can command the field and the stage. Apparently.
On Friday, Miami Dolphins head coach Joe Philbin delighted a crowd of players with a Dolphins-centric version of AC/DC's “TNT.” Thankfully, linebacker Koa Misi posted a clip of it on Instagram.
You can try your best to decipher all the lyrics, but they definitely included:
“When the Dolphins come to town / We ain't gonna mess around.”
There was also some dancing.
And the players seemed to quite enjoy it.
Our HC gotta be the best HC in the nfl no lie after tonight @MiamiDolphins phins up!!!! — LaMichael James (@LaMichaelJames) August 22, 2015
Tonight said it all. This should be a fun season. #TNT 🐬 — Jay Ajayi (@JayTrain27) August 22, 2015
(Thanks to Bleacher Report for bringing this to our attention.)
BEREA, Ohio – It turns out Davone Bess had a history of confrontation and irrational behavior in police presence before their arrest Friday at a Florida airport.
The Miami Herald reported Friday night authorities were summoned to Bess' south Florida home 10 months ago when it took six officers to restrain the then-Miami Dolphins receiver. Alarmed by their violent and bizarre conduct, their family reportedly had Bess hospitalized against theirs will.
The incident occurred less than two months before the Browns traded for the veteran receiver, who left the team late during the 2013 season for what the organization deemed personal reasons. A league source told the Northeast Ohio Media Group on Thursday the Browns were very worried about Bess' well being in the days before they placed them on the non-football/reserve list on Dec. 21.
But the revelation of the March altercation with police calls into question whether the Browns were aware of the police document and opted to consummate the April 27 deal anyway. It involved swapping middle-round picks and also awarding Bess a contract extension through 2016. The Browns did not immediately respond to an NEOMG call seeking comment Friday night.
Even if they didn't know of the report, some will wonder whether the organization thoroughly researched Bess before making them the club's major offensive acquisition of the off-season. The Dolphins are not required to share such information while negotiating a trade. A league source told NEOMG the Dolphins were not surprised by Friday's arrest or Bess' recent behavior.
The 28-year-old was supposed to lend a veteran presence to the receiving corps and serve as a mentor for Josh Gordon, who has a history of drug-related problems. The fallout could have serious implications for an embattled front office that's conducting its second head-coaching search in two years.
On Friday morning, a Browns spokesperson did say the team was aware of Bess' arrest at the Fort Lauderdale International Airport stemming from charges of assaulting an office, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct.
The sixth-year veteran appeared to be "under the influence of an unknown narcotic," according to a police report. An officer working a TSA detail approached Bess in the airport concourse after several passengers pointed out they were "acting irrationally, dancing, singing with their pants repeatedly falling down." The report also stated Bess took a fighting stance on two occasions before back-up officers arrived and they surrendered without further incident.
The arrest came a day after Bess made headlines for their controversial social-media posts, which included photos of what appeared to be marijuana.
What few knew until Friday is Bess had a similar meltdown with police in March. Broward County Sheriff's officers were summoned to their Cooper City, Fla., house where a strong smell of cannabis came from the master bedroom, according to an incident report.
Several men were trying to restrain Bess as they were screaming, “Hide the guns. Where is my weed," and "I want to get in the end zone; throw me the football."
A half dozen officers eventually subdued Bess and they were Marchman Acted – or hospitalized without their consent.
Earlier in the day, Bess' mother, Chinell Carpenter, flew from California after receiving a call that their son was not acting like himself, the Herald reported. They said then that Bess had not slept in three days and was going through some serious personal issues.
The description of Bess is consistent with an earlier NEOMG report. A source told the website that Bess had difficulty focusing and sleeping this season. They had grown so depressed by their effort – Bess recorded season-lows in catches and yardage – that they “mentally checked out” in their final days with the team.
Given Bess' recent conduct and the Friday arrest, it would not be hard to imagine the Browns releasing them in the coming weeks and trying to recoup some of the guaranteed money in their contract. Non-playoff teams cannot waive players until Feb. 3, the day after the Super Bowl.
Reporter Mary Kay Cabot contributed to this report.
If the length of a day changed by fractions of a millisecond, it probably wouldn't make you late for work—that's still on you. But the speed of Earth's rotation does very subtly change over time, influenced by a number of factors. Some of these are geological, as you might expect. But the Earth's rotation is also influenced by something we don't think of as being that substantial: the weather.
We've all seen an Olympic figure skater begin spinning, tuck their or their arms in, and accelerate to a nauseating velocity. This is conservation of momentum. The farther the skater's mass is spread from the axis of rotation, the greater the moment of inertia, and the more angular momentum they need to spin at a given rate. Pulling in your arms reduces the moment of inertia but not the angular momentum—the result is an increased rate of rotation.
The same thing can happen (with far less dramatic results, thankfully) when the mass of the Earth is redistributed, as happens when the crust moves during a particularly large earthquake. On longer time scales, the motion of tectonic plates, circulation in the mantle, or circulation in the outer core can also affect Earth's moment of inertia.
Above the surface, there are fluids that can move independently of the Earth, like the atmosphere. That motion can actually apply a torque that acts to speed up or slow down the Earth's rotation. The El Niño Southern Oscillation is a major source of year-to-year variability in Earth's average surface temperature and, it turns out, its rotational velocity. During La Niña conditions, the winds conspire to push warm surface water in the Eastern Pacific westward, bringing cooler water up to the surface. Conversely, during an El Niño, the warm surface water extends to the eastern side of the Pacific, keeping a lid on the cool water beneath. This difference has a large effect on atmospheric circulation patterns.
It has been known for a while that this manages to slightly alter the Earth's rotation, but University of La Rochelle researcher Olivier de Viron and Jean Dickey of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory set out to study how two slightly different flavors of El Niño compare. In the canonical El Niño, the warmest surface water (relative to the local average) is found in the Eastern Pacific. In what's sometimes referred to as an El Niño “Modoki,” however, that peak anomaly is located in the Central Pacific. That means that the atmospheric circulation patterns are a little different, as are the regional weather impacts.
The researchers worked with a global “reanalysis”—a sort of atmospheric model that produces global conditions consistent with all the available data—going back to 1948 to compare the effects of Eastern Pacific and Central Pacific El Niños. They found that broad areas of higher and lower atmospheric pressure set up in different locations. And that meant that the Eastern Pacific El Niños would have a larger impact on Earth's rotation, lengthening the day by a little over 0.1 milliseconds, as compared to about 0.05 milliseconds for the Central Pacific El Niños.
Here's how the researchers think this works: In an Eastern Pacific El Niño, low atmospheric pressures tend to set up on the western sides of the Andes, Rockies, and Himalayas, with higher pressures on the other side of the mountains. That actually means the atmosphere is pushing westward, against those mountains. And the force of that push provides a torque opposing the Earth's rotation. Stronger winds over the northern part of the Pacific, meanwhile, apply a frictional force in the opposite direction that negates the mountain torque over time.
In a Central Pacific El Niño, the high and low pressure regions don't line up as well with the mountain ranges, and so the torque is smaller. In La Niña conditions, these processes play out in reverse, acting to make the day a little shorter rather than longer.
As wild as it sounds, we are able to calculate the minute changes in Earth's rotational velocity that result from these forces. In fact, we've been able to measure them, by using precise atomic clocks and bouncing lasers off reflectors left on the Moon, for example. But don't worry—El Niño is no Superman, and the Earth's rotation won't be reversing any time soon.
Geophysical Research Letters, 2014. DOI: 10.1002/2014GL059948 (About DOIs).
These two fans scored in a Yankee Stadium bathroom.
A randy duo was filmed having sex in a bathroom while the Yankees played the Tampa Bay Rays on Saturday, according to Deadspin.com.
The woman sat on the toilet as their enthusiastic male partner — who wore a CC Sabathia t-shirt and no pants — climbed on top of them amid a crowd of onlookers.
“Seems impossible to me, but the couple appeared to be oblivious to the surrounding crowd,” wrote the tipster who filmed the hookup.
The tawdry twosome kept going for several minutes even after they noticed onlookers peering over and under the stall — and received a round of applause when they strolled out of the bathroom.
The bathroom boinking may have been good luck: The Yankees won 5-3.
The film is now scheduled for release this year, with a 5-part mini series continuing the movie's events
Published 10:52 PM, April 19, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – The On the Job series is getting bigger. On Wednesday, April 19, the executives of Hooq announced that a movie is now part of the On the Job series.
“If you would recall last year, we said that we're going to launch a 6-part series di ba. The response was actually overwhelming that we sat down with direk Erik (Matti) and you know how direk Erik Matti is di ba. The vision of this is just huge. So now we've decided you know with Globe studios, of course with Peter [Bithos, HOOQ CEO], we need to make this bigger… now OTJ is not just a mini-series, it's now OTJ the movie part 2,” said Jane Cruz-Walker, HOOQ Philippines Country manager.
"A month later it will be followed by a series. So it's the first time ever you'll find a tandem of a movie and series happening within one month,” they added.
Executives of HooQ announced an On The Job second film is in the works along with the series. @rapplerdotcom #HOOQTurnsTwo pic.twitter.com/SyMOzNvMv2 — alexa villano (@alexavillano) April 19, 2017
Peter Bithos, CEO of HOOQ told reporters after the media announcement that they had a conversation with Erik regarding the project.
“He (Erik) and their team at Reality [Entertainment] are visionary. And they have an ambitious story they want to tell. And so we were all struggling to fit it into a TV series. So, we went back and forth and said: ‘you know what, why don't we just make a movie as well.' And so as soon as we decided to do that, everything started to fall into place. So it was really a joint idea by the team but it was from the scope of Erik Matti's vision.”
When asked if it will be the same story as previously announced, Peter said yes as well as the same characters.
“[It's] about the media industry this time from top to bottom. So you can relate. The same amount of intrigue… it will be near to your heart,” they said.
The movie is scheduled in August, followed by a 5 episode mini-series. (READ: New 'On the Job' mini-series: 10 things we know so far)
“So we took the first episode and instead of pilot, we're turning it into a full theatrical movie,” Peter said.
Jeff Remigio, Content and Programming Head, said that there is currently some rewriting being done, since the've decided to expand the project.
In June 2016, it was announced that OTJ will be a 6-part mini-series The cast members, led by Bela Padilla, were revealed in a media gathering in November.
The first trailer of the series was released in December. – Rappler.com
Adnan Januzaj has taken the No11 shirt at Manchester United after being encouraged to do so by Ryan Giggs following the Welshman's retirement following 24 years playing for the club.
Giggs has taken a particular interest in the Belgian's development and as the No2 to the manager, Louis van Gaal, believed Januzaj should not hesitate in accepting the jersey number they wore for the majority of their glittering United career.
While Giggs's move is an indication of how highly Januzaj is regarded at Old Trafford – and the taking of the shirt a sign of their self-confidence – the 19-year-old is now bound to be the subject of extra scrutiny as comparisons are made between them and the most decorated player in domestic history.
Phil Neville, a member of the United coaching staff last season, suggested as much in a tweet on hearing the news. “Januzai given the number 11 shirt - massive act to follow but one I'm convinced they can handle they are going to be a great player!” they wrote.
United considered retiring the shirt after Giggs played their final game at the end of last season but a club source said they “wanted the legend to continue”.
Anders Lindegaard was given the No13 shirt on the day they seemed to indicate in a tweet they may depart. “Spread your wings and fly away #mufc #fly #manchesterunited” and posted a link to an Instagram picture of the United reserve goalkeeper in action for the club.
The No5 shirt, formerly worn by Rio Ferdinand, was one of several to be left vacant. The club suggested this and other untaken shirts may be taken by imminent new additions to Van Gaal's squad. “Please note: any new acquisitions will be handed shirt numbers that are currently vacant. #mufc,” read a tweet from the club's official Twitter account.
James Wilson and Tom Lawrence, who made their full debuts in Giggs' last home match as temporary manager last season, were promoted to the first team, taking the No49 and No34 shirts respectively.
Wilfried Zaha and Anderson, two players whose futures at the club are particularly in the balance, will wear No29 and No28.
My Hero Academia season 2 is here, and it's also part of Funimation's same-day SimulDub program. Thus, they have an updated cast list, including returning talent from the first season and fresh additions for the second.
CHARACTER CAST Season 1 All Might Christopher R. Sabat Izuku “Deku” Midoriya Justin Briner Ochaco Uraraka Luci Christian Bakugo “Kacchan” Katsuki Clifford Chapin Tenya Ida J. Michael Tatum Present Mic Sonny Strait Yuga Aoyama Joel McDonald Mina Ashido Caitlin Glass Tsuyu Asui Monica Rial Denki Kaminari Kyle Phillips Eijiro Kirishima Justin Cook Hanta Sero Christopher Bevins Minoru Mineta Brina Palencia Mashirao Ojiro Mike McFarland Kyoka Jiro Trina Nishimura Momo Yaoyorozu Colleen Clinkenbeard Rikido Sato Cris George Shoto Todoroki David Matranga Fumikage Tokoyami Josh Grelle Recovery Girl Juli Erikson Hagakura Toru Felecia Angelle Mezo Shoji Ian Sinclair Tomura Shigaraki Eric Vale Thirteen Morgan Berry Kurogiri Chuck Huber Detective Tsukauchi Alejandro Saab Master John Swasey Season 2 Episode 15 Eraserhead Christopher Wehkamp Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu David Wald Hitoshi Shinso Jarrod Greene Mei Hatsume Alexis Tipton
Here's a SimulDub promo they shared last month, if you missed it:
-------
Joseph Luster is the Games and Web editor at Otaku USA Magazine. You can read their webcomic, BIG DUMB FIGHTING IDIOTS, every week at subhumanzoids. Follow them on Twitter @Moldilox.
QR Code Link to This Post
Location: Los Angeles
it's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
You: A good baker, likes to take care of their man with frequent care packages.I am the only guy on craigslist who is not looking for sex or female companionship. Those I can get. There is however one thing missing in my life of late. Ever since breaking up with my long distance girlfriend, the amount of unsolicited baked goods arriving in my mailbox has dropped precipitously. Given my relative lack of baking skills and my propensity to avoid paying for food, I figured the most rational solution was to find another long distance girlfriend who enjoys surprising their man with frequent care packages (chocolate chip cookies and rice krispies treats are by far the best).The exchange is simple. You provide regular care package service and in return I provide emotional support, validation and the occasional, "You're right! They *are* just jealous!" I'll be the boyfriend that Disney's soulless corporate machine has convinced you you want. Your parents will be happy you finally found someone, your friends and coworkers will be jealous that you have a guy who doesn't routinely try to slip it in the "oops hole," and your stalkers (should you have any) will shake their fists in impotent rage. As long as you're not hung up on tangibility, it's a relationship with everything you could want or need.Fatties, uggos and the horribly disfigured are encouraged to apply! I don't care what you look like because I'll never see what you look like. Tell me you're the most beautiful woman in the world if it makes you feel better, just don't send pictures.Exclusivity is not part of the deal. I intend to date other women during our association and it would be hypocritical of me to deny you the same freedom. Go out clubbing every Saturday night and sleep with a different guy each time if you like, just remember to get the cookies in the mail by 5:00 because the post office isn't open on Sundays. I have no allergies, so feel free to extend your experimentation to recipes and ingredients as well.I live in Los Angeles but am I posting this in Dallas because it's close enough to keep shipping charges down but far enough away that you'll never be tempted to track me down in real life. Also, going by the maxim "everything is bigger in Texas" I'm hoping there will be enough baked goods to share with friends.Good luck and I hope to hear from you lovely ladies soon!
Craigslist An Oklahoma seller has posted a creepy Craigslist ad for a doll that's said to laugh and move on their own.
In the market for a new best friend?
A creepy Craigslist ad featuring a so-called laughing doll is sending chills down the spines of social media users after it was unearthed online Tuesday.
With black, beady eyes, a ruffled black dress and a single flower in their hand, the delicate doll appears straight out of a horror movie. As the Oklahoma City-area seller explains: "Our daughter doesn't want it anymore.
"Our dog won't stop barking at it and we never find it where we left it. Doll has really cute laugh. No batteries," the ad's description reads.
A photo of the ad was uploaded to Imgur and Reddit. There it amassed a long line of emphatic "nopes" by commenters.
One less-than-impressed Imgur user noted that the doll is "barely abnormal" when you check out the market for such items online.
"Search EBay for 'Haunted Dolls,'” they wrote. "There's a bunch, with backstories, going for a lot more than a dollar."
Indeed, there appear to be never-ending eBay listings for "haunted" dolls, with their prices ranging from a few dollars to $5,650.
As the Huffington Post reported last year, some of these so-called haunted dolls are collectors items.
What's the story and why does it matter?
Turks will go to the polls on 16 April to vote on constitutional amendments that would transform the country from a parliamentary democracy into a presidential system.
The package, which includes 18 amendments, is being put to the people because the proposed changes to the constitution did not get the backing of two-thirds of MPs in parliament. In this case the reforms were passed in the Turkish Grand National Assembly on 16 January with a simple majority, and then approved by the president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
The referendum could bring about arguably the most significant political development since the Turkish republic was declared in 1923. The determination with which Erdoğan has pursued it has seen them dispatch ministers to Europe in search of expatriate voters, and attack the Dutch government as “Nazi remnants” when it cancelled campaign events.
Under the new system, Erdoğan will be able to stand in two more election cycles, which means if they win the 2019 and 2024 polls they could potentially stay on as a powerful head of state until 2029. They could also return to the leadership of the Justice and Development party (AKP), which they co-founded, and which holds the overwhelming majority in parliament.
The post of president used to be largely ceremonial but had some influence over policymaking. Through sheer force of personality, and the loyalty they still command among the AKP electorate and their lawmakers, Erdoğan has made it a much more powerful job. Should the referendum go their way, it will be more powerful still.
What exactly will people be voting on?
The 18 amendments primarily deal with the powers of the executive and legislative branches. They include:
The abolition of the post of prime minister. The president will appoint the cabinet and will have a number of vice-presidents. Parliament will no longer oversee the ministers as their power to initiate a motion of no confidence will be removed.
The president will no longer have to be neutral, but will be able to maintain an affiliation to their political party. Currently the president has to sever ties with their party once they are elected.
The number of members of parliament will be increased from 550 to 600 and their minimum age lowered to 18.
It will be possible for the president to be impeached by parliament. At the moment they could only be prosecuted by the legislature if they committed treason.
The abolition of military courts.
The president will be able to appoint four out of 13 judges to the highest judicial board in the country.
Isn't Turkey in a state of emergency?
Yes, and the environment in which the referendum is taking place is extremely challenging, particularly for those who oppose the changes.
The state of emergency was introduced last summer after a failed coup attempt in which 248 people were killed and more than 1,400 injured. The coup is widely believed in Turkey to have been orchestrated by followers of Fethullah Gülen, a reclusive preacher based in the US with a global grassroots movement known as Cemaat or Hizmet. Gülen denies this.
A purge of the civil service, police, military, judiciary, academia and media organisations has led to the dismissal or arrest of tens of thousands of people accused of links to the Gülenists. Erdoğan's opponents say the purges have gone far beyond the coup's perpetrators, and have turned into a witch-hunt against any political opposition.
So far, 152 journalists are in jail in Turkey, according to opposition parties, and a wide-ranging crackdown on the opposition People's Democratic party (HDP) has resulted in a dozen of their lawmakers being detained, including their two chiefs.
Turkey has also endured a slew of terror attacks by Islamic State, the latest of which was an assault on the Reina nightclub on New Year's Eve that killed 39 people. Attacks by the Kurdistan Workers party (PKK), a designated terror group fighting an insurgency in the south-east, have continued after the collapse of peace talks in June 2015.
Why are some people going to vote ‘yes'? Facebook Twitter Pinterest erdogan-immersive body image-5 Composite: Getty
The majority that approved the constitutional changes in parliament consisted of the AKP in alliance with the nationalists.
Supporters of the changes argue that they will lead to a “strong Turkey” where the executive will be able to wield power to promote economic development and combat terrorism, pointing to the chaos of coalition governments in the 1990s whose bickering drove Turkey into economic recession and catastrophic inflation.
They also believe a powerful executive, which they compare to the system in France, the US or Mexico, will be better able to handle the threat of terrorism at uncertain times, particularly after the coup attempt, the surge in violence in Kurdish-majority areas and the ongoing campaign against Isis and the Gülen network. They see comfort in the stability of ongoing AKP rule.
Supporters also say the change is necessary to move on from an antiquated constitution drafted under military rule, which they say produced a “two-headed executive” with conflicting powers and authorities that could paralyse decision-making in government. They also say there are sufficient checks and balances in the proposed system, such as the ability to impeach the president for a broader set of crimes and to call early presidential elections, to avoid an excessive amount of power being concentrated in one person's hands.
Muhammet Emin Akbaşoğlu, an AKP MP and member of the constitutional committee, said: “There will be more stability, Turkey won't lose time any more, the uncertainties and things that can cause instability will be gone, and the state apparatus will shed its weight, the poorly functioning parts.”
Political intricacies aside, Erdoğan can also rely on their personal appeal to supporters who see them as a down to earth leader who is able to stand up to the west. They also see them as a force to empower the poor and downtrodden, and many respect their religious piety and Islamic values.
Why are others going to vote no? Facebook Twitter Pinterest erdogan-immersive body image-2 Composite: Getty
The two main opposition parties, the staunchly secularist Republican People's party (CHP) and the HDP, which includes primarily Kurdish lawmakers as well as a coalition of leftist and minority groups, voted against the bill.
Opponents believe the presidential system will usher in a one-man regime led by Erdoğan, who they say has grown increasingly authoritarian over the years. They point to the government's broad crackdown on dissent, as well as the president's apparent sensitivity to personal slights and insults as evidence of their intolerance of criticism.
They say the changes will empower the president to continue their purge of the bureaucracy, police, military, judiciary and academia, as well as the systematic arrests and harassment of a large cadre of the HDP's political and grassroots organisation.
Bülent Tezcan, a CHP MP and member of the constitutional committee, said the proposed package means “the democratic regime in Turkey will be replaced with one man rule”. “It gives all the powers, including executive and judicial, [to the president], and all three branches of government will all be connected to one person,” they added.
‘I feel like I have been buried alive': families live in fear and isolation as Erdoğan leads a witch-hunt Read more
Opponents also argue that the referendum is taking place under hostile conditions, with opponents effectively silenced by the detention of leading politicians, academics and journalists, including the charismatic HDP chief, Selahattin Demirtaş, and journalists at the opposition Cumhuriyet newspaper.
Opponents also dispute the claim that there will be enough checks and balances in the proposed system. They argue it would not do enough to contain the president's power, removing from parliament the ability to oversee the executive branch, giving them the power to appoint too many judges, and allowing Erdoğan to remain an AKP member in a move that would consolidate their hold on all aspects of political life.
Who's going to win?
It's a tight race, and nobody knows what will happen. Polls have varied widely, a sign of a divided electorate. The result may hinge on the 10% of voters who say they are still undecided.
Across the Twin Cities and around Minnesota, Walmart is moving in big.
Last month, a Walmart SuperCenter opened in Brooklyn Center, becoming the 53rd in the state. But it wasn't its newest Walmart for long.
Last week, another Walmart SuperCenter opened in Lakeville. This coming week, a trio of Walmart SuperCenters will open in Burnsville, in St. Cloud and in Redwood Falls.
For the first time, Minnesota will have more Walmart outlets (including Sam's Clubs) than it does Target stores.
And more Walmarts are on the horizon. Preliminary work has begun on Walmart SuperCenters in Roseville, in Cottage Grove and in Blaine, while discussions continue about SuperCenters in Plymouth, Chanhassen, Andover and elsewhere.
The scale of Walmart's expansion in Minnesota should answer any lingering questions about its intentions in the hometown of two major rivals, Target and Supervalu. To analysts, the strategy is crystal clear: Walmart is gunning to become top dog in this market, as it is almost everywhere else.
“Their whole strategy has always been to go into a market and dominate it,” said Stan Pohmer, a Twin Cities retail analyst. “They had made some initial forays into the Twin Cities marketplace, they built up around it, and now they're going back to their original roots, which is to saturate a marketplace.”
NEW WORLD ORDER
Already, the old order has changed. Until 2005, Cub Foods, Rainbow Foods and Lunds/Byerly's ranked as the Twin Cities' top three grocers.
Now, the Big Three grocers are Cub, Target and Walmart. And as one analyst notes, Walmart — the world's largest retailer — doesn't like to be in third place anywhere.
“They aren't in a leadership position (in the Twin Cities), and Walmart wants to be in a leadership position in every market they're in,” said John Dean, a Twin Cities supermarket analyst.
Cub Foods, owned by Eden Prairie-based Supervalu, and Minneapolis-based Target long have held strong market positions in the Twin Cities, which is widely thought to be one reason Walmart avoided a frontal assault here for years. (Another reason: labor unions.) Instead, Walmart slowly and quietly built up a presence, first in the outstate areas of Minnesota, then in the exurbs of the Twin Cities, and then closer in.
But now that the battle has been joined on Target's and Cub's home turf, analysts foresee some fallout.
“What you generally see is, the weaker players will back out,” Pohmer said. “In situations like this, you generally see some of the independent grocery stores … they might sell out. It will foster consolidation.”
Bernie Hesse, a union organizer with the United Food and Commercial Workers, sees the growth of an nonunion retailer like Walmart as having an effect, beyond pressuring wages and benefits for workers.
“It's going to impact our grocers, we know that, but it's also going to impact a lot of other big box folks, whether it's Staples, whether it's Best Buy, anybody within a 15 minute distance,” Hesse said. “There's a finite pie in retail right now, and they're going to be getting a bigger slice.”
The UFCW has resisted the Walmart invasion, most recently in Cottage Grove.
“They keep talking about jobs, and we hope to have a good discussion in that community about job quality,” Hesse said.
RESISTANCE IS FUTILE?
Some citizens are pushing back. When Roseville debated approval of a new Walmart SuperCenter, one resident felt it was disloyal to Cub, Rainbow and Target.
“These stores have been members of our community for several decades, and they have served our community very well!” Roseville resident Gerry McDonald wrote to the city council. “Why are we going to bring in a business that is going to economically challenge and threaten the well being of companies that historically have been exceptional partners to our fair city?”
Yet Walmart often wins these debates because it promises what communities crave: new jobs, new construction, new tax revenues. Plus, it argues the competition is great for consumers. Some analysts agree.
“You do see more aggressive pricing,” Pohmer said. “Bottom line, I think the consumer wins. You've got more stores, all of them playing closer to their A game, and the consumer has more choices and gets a better deal.”
Delia Garcia, a spokesperson for Bentonville, Ark.-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc., notes that all five of the Walmarts opening this fall in Minnesota are SuperCenters, which include full grocery lines, including an expansion of its existing Redwood Falls store.
“So when you look at those five stores, you're creating approximately 1,100 new jobs in Minnesota this year,” Garcia said.
What prompted Walmart to go pedal-to-the-metal in the Twin Cities? Garcia didn't say specifically but did give a broader response:
“We have an opportunity to serve our customers better, to expand access to fresh, affordable merchandise and be part of economic development plans that communities have, as they look to increase the tax base, create jobs and spur business attraction.”
SUPER, THEN POSSIBLY SMALL
Some Twin Cities communities have cheered Walmart's arrival.
When the aging Brookdale Center shopping mall was torn down, many in the community were pleased to woo and win a Walmart SuperCenter in its place, which restored some vitality to a troubled retailing area.
But residents of Chanhassen and Plymouth battled plans for Walmart SuperCenters, objecting to noise, traffic and crowds. Those projects have stalled, though analysts think they may return in some fashion.
Virtually all of Walmart's expansion in Minnesota has been through the SuperCenter, those 150,000 to 200,000-square-foot behemoths that sell both groceries and regular goods.
But nationally, Walmart is expanding in more varied ways. The company recently announced plans to build about 100 Neighborhood Markets, which are roughly one-third the size of a SuperCenter.
“It's a combination supermarket and pharmacy,” said Dean, the Twin Cities grocery analyst. “They have a little nonfood, but not a great deal. What they're intended to be is for between bigger trips to your supercenter.”
For now, there are no Neighborhood Markets in Minnesota, and as long as there are spots for new SuperCenters, the focus will remain on gigantic stores. But eventually, Neighborhood Markets are likely to come here, too.
“I don't have any doubt about that,” Dean said. “Where they've built the stores they've built, they're better suited for a SuperCenter. But as they go deeper into the cities, they'll run into land issues, and they'll build Neighborhood Markets.”
Walmart is ramping up its Twin Cities presence in other ways. The retailer chose the Twin Cities as one of its five U.S. test markets for same-day delivery of holiday online orders. For a $10 delivery charge, items will be delivered from stores — so the surging number of Walmart stores here makes that task easier.
TARGETING HOMETOWN TARGET
Despite it all, the Twin Cities region has long been Target territory. This is Target's hometown and remains its strongest market. The discounter opened one store this year in the metro Twin Cities, a SuperTarget in Inver Grove Heights. That means Minnesota now has 26 SuperTargets and 49 regular Target stores, most of which now also carry groceries.
“Overall, Target continues to be selective when choosing new store locations to ensure we make the best use of our resources long term,” Target spokesperson Erika Winkels said in a statement. “We are committed to the communities in which we do business, and with the recent opening of the Inver Grove Heights store, we are proud to expand our presence in our hometown market of Minneapolis/St. Paul. Target continues to actively pursue opportunities in the Minneapolis/St. Paul area to ensure we can best serve our guests.”
Analysts expect Target to fight to keep a market-leading position.
“Target has worked hard to build that loyalty, the loyalty and trust,” Pohmer said. “Even in today's marketplace with a changed consumer, loyalty counts a lot. If one believes Target is not going to react in some way, shape or form to the Walmart growth, I think someone is sadly mistaken.”
Tom Webb can be reached at 651-228-5428. Follow them at twitter.com/TomWebbMN.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah movement hammered an historic reconciliation deal with the rival Hamas group on Wednesday, agreeing to form an interim government and fix a date for general election within the year.
The deal, which took many officials by surprise, was thrashed out in Egypt and followed a series of secret meetings.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas leader Ismail Haniyeh in Gaza City on March 18, 2007. AP
"The two sides signed initial letters on an agreement. All points of differences have been overcome," said Taher Al-Nono, the Hamas government spokesperson in Gaza. They added that Cairo would shortly invite both sides to a signing ceremony.
"We have agreed to form a government composed of independent figures that would start preparing for presidential and parliamentary elections," said Azzam al-Ahmad, the head of Fatah's negotiating team in Cairo.
"Elections would be held in about eight months from now," they added.
Abbas has been making a heavy push for reconciliation with Hamas, with which it held a unity government that collapsed during a five-day civil war in 2007 and ended with the Islamic militant group seizing power in the Gaza Strip. Fatah had already signed the reconciliation agreement in October 2009, but Hamas had until now refused to give up on demands it had set before the rival group.
The accord agreed upon on Wednesday was first reported by Egypt's intelligence service, which brokered the talks. In a statement carried by the Egyptian state news agency MENA, the intelligence service said the deal was hatched by a Hamas delegation led by Moussa Abu Marzouk, deputy head of the group's politburo, and Fatah Central Committee member Azzam al-Ahmad.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
"The consultations resulted in full understandings on all points of discussions, including setting up an interim agreement with specific tasks and to set a date for election," the statement said.
It said the agreement would allow Egypt to invite all Palestinian factions to sign a national reconciliation agreement in Cairo in the next few days.
Restoring Palestinian unity is seen as crucial to reviving any prospect for a Palestinian state based on peaceful co-existence alongside Israel. Fatah, the mainstream Palestinian movement until a 2006 election victory by Hamas, backs negotiated peace but the Islamists reject it.
Al-Ahmad and Abu Marzouk said the agreement covered all points of contention, including forming a transitional government, security arrangements and the restructuring of the Palestine Liberation Organization to allow Hamas to join it.
Mahmoud al-Zahar, a senior Hamas leader who participated in the talks, said Wednesday's deal covered five points, including combining security forces and forming a government made up of "nationalist figures".
They said Hamas and Fatah would free respective prisoners.
Implementation of the accord is due to start following an official signing ceremony in Cairo, expected in early May.
Any interim government is unlikely to include Hamas officials in an effort to avoid the sort of international boycott that hit the Palestinians after the 2006 election.
A senior Egyptian intelligence official told Reuters on Wednesday that they expected Abbas and Hamas leader Khaled Meshal, who is based in Damascus, to attend the signing of the agreement in Cairo.
At news conference in Cairo, where the Fatah and Hamas leaders sat side by side, Ahmad said Palestinians had paid a heavy price for their infighting.
"We are proud that we now possess the national will to end our divisions so we can end the occupation of Palestine ... the last occupation in history."
Abu Marzouk added: "Our rift gave the occupation a chance. Today we turn a new page."
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has warned that reconciliation between the Palestinian Authority and Hamas could spell the end of the peace process. "You can't have peace with both Israel and Hamas," Netanyahu said, in remarks directed at Abbas. "Choose peace with Israel."
Israel, the U.S. and the EU consider Hamas a terror group because of its rocket attacks and suicide bombings aimed at Israeli civilians.
The U.S. administration, the largest single donor to the Palestinians, withheld funds when Hamas was a part of a short-lived Palestinian unity government. The Palestinian Authority is heavily reliant on foreign aid and forgoing the funds could easily spark its own crisis.
Since the bloody coup in 2007, the Palestinians have been divided between rival governments in the West Bank and Gaza, the two territories they hope to turn into an independent state.
With peace talks stalled since September, Abbas has begun an effort to win international recognition of Palestine, with or without an agreement with Israel. That effort is to culminate at the United Nations in September.
Palestinian officials have acknowledged the need solve their differences with Hamas before they can go to the United Nations. Abbas has made repeated overtures toward Hamas in recent months - including an offer to visit Gaza to lay the groundwork for national elections.
Hamas leaders had said they want a full power-sharing deal before meeting with the Palestinian president - including a deal on how to divide security responsibilities.
Hamas had also demanded further gestures from Abbas before considering unity, such as a release of hundreds of Hamas prisoners locked up in the West Bank, re-opening closed Hamas charities and the removal of a ban on Hamas activities in the West Bank.
The Palestinians receive more than $470 million a year in direct financial assistance from the U.S. The U.S. hasn't said what it will do if Hamas returns to power in the West Bank, but it will likely cut off the funds unless Hamas agrees to renounce violence and recognize Israel. Hamas has given no indication it is prepared to do either.
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos! Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured, along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer. 2013 July 10
Large Sunspots Now Crossing the Sun
Image Credit & Copyright: Damian Peach
Explanation: One of the largest sunspot regions in recent years is now crossing the Sun. This region of convoluted magnetic fields may well produce a solar flare that releases a cloud of energetic particles into the Solar System. Were a very powerful cloud to impact the Earth's magnetosphere, it could be dangerous to Earth-orbiting astronauts and satellites. Conversely, the impact of even a less energetic cloud might create picturesque aurora. Pictured above is the sunspot region as it appeared two days ago. The rightmost part of this region has been cataloged as AR 11785, while the left part as AR 11787. The darkest sunspot regions contain nearly vertical magnetic fields and are called umbras, while the surrounding bronze regions -- more clearly showing stringy magnetic flux tubes -- are called penumbras. Churning solar granules, many about 1000 km across, compose the yellow background region. No one knows what this sunspot region will do, but space weather researchers are monitoring it closely.
British Columbia, Canada - On the morning of October 13, Tracy Robinson, a hunter and fisherwoman living in the Heiltsuk First Nation community of Bella Bella, British Columbia, was preparing to go out on to the ocean, when the news reached her: An American tugboat and oil barge transiting Canadian waters had driven into a reef in nearby Seaforth Channel.
Fearing the worst, Robinson and their partner jumped into their boat and rushed to the scene. They arrived to find the tug still attached to its massive floating barge, but almost entirely underwater.
Earlier that night the tugboat Nathan E Stewart, heading south after delivering fuel to Alaska, missed its turn into the channel and drove straight into the rocks off Athlone Island.
Although the 100-metre fuel barge it pushed was empty, the tug carried more than 200,000 litres of diesel and other industrial oils that were now leaking into the Pacific.
"I was in tears," Robinson said. "The water was murky and the scent was overpowering. You couldn't smell the fresh ocean breeze that you're used to. It was all diesel, as far as the eye could see."
For Robinson the tug couldn't have run aground in a worse spot. Heiltsuk First Nation Territory is located at the heart of the celebrated Great Bear Rainforest - the world's largest intact temperate rainforest whose land and waters contain some of the greatest biodiversity of life on earth.
READ MORE: Canada's Oil Extraction Pressures Environment
'Our clam beds have been destroyed'
One of the most ecologically abundant nodes of that region, an area known to the Heiltsuk as Qvuqvai - or Gale Creek - sits metres away from the crash site.
The narrow passage between islands contains ancient village sites where, for millennia, residents have harvested traditional seafood such as clams, salmon, crab, sea cucumbers, urchins, and seaweed for the traditional roe-on-kelp herring egg harvest.
A horrified Robinson and others watched helplessly from their boats as the widening, rainbow-hued diesel slick moved slowly towards the beaches and coves in the pass.
Since that morning weeks ago, the Heiltsuk and first responders have been working tirelessly to contain and mitigate the slick that has contaminated the food-rich shores of those low-lying islands abutting the open ocean.
That was our lifeline and breadbasket. We've worked so hard to flight attendant this territory to protect it for future generations. You have no idea how difficult it is for our community to have to deal with this. Marilyn Slett, Heiltsuk elected chief
The Heiltsuk, who have no significant oil-spill response capacity of their own, charge that official containment and cleanup efforts have been incompetent and disorganised - belying the world-class marine safety system that Canada and its industry partners have boasted about for years.
It took almost one full day for responders to arrive at the site, they say.
Containment and absorbent booms have been ineffective in containing the spill, often breaking in rough weather and storms and littering beaches with additional diesel. Divers were able to tap some fuel from the tug's tanks.
But around half of the boat's roughly 200,000 litres of diesel are believed to have escaped into the water.
Residents of Bella Bella and neighbouring Denny Island have been at the front line of the response, laying thousands of metres of boom, flushing out beaches, and documenting the impact of the spill, often at great physical and psychological strain - including the effects of inhaling diesel fumes.
A variety of fish and birds, seals, crabs and otters have been found dead near the sheen. The spreading contamination has resulted in shellfish harvesting closures in the area.
"We have fuel on many beaches and our clam beds have been destroyed," said Heiltsuk elected chief Marilyn Slett.
"That was our lifeline and breadbasket. We've worked so hard to flight attendant this territory to protect it for future generations. You have no idea how difficult it is for our community to have to deal with this," they told Al Jazeera.
READ MORE: Canada keeps eye on environmental activists
Investigating the causes of the crash
The cause of the crash is under investigation by US and Canadian authorities.
Jim Guidry, executive vice-president of vessel operations for the US-based Kirby Offshore Marine, which owns the Nathan E Stewart, apologised to the Heiltsuk and to British Columbians days after the incident.
In response to questions from Al Jazeera, Kirby Offshore Marine said that it is "fully cooperating" with the investigation.
The tug was still leaking fuel when it was pulled from the seabed by a giant floating crane on Monday, November 14, over a month after the spill.
The Canadian government had allowed the Nathan E Stewart (and other tugs and barges) to transit the narrow inside passages and channels without the usual requirement of a Canadian pilot with local knowledge of the area - an exemption that has since been revoked.
The fact that the tug missed the turn into the channel and drove straight into the rocks has fuelled speculation that the ship's pilot may have fallen asleep.
The Heiltsuk say that had the Nathan E Stewart been pushing petroleum, they would have had a far different spill on their hands.
"We had a 50-50 chance that this barge could have been full when this happened," Jess Housty, a member of the Heiltsuk tribal council, said in a video released by the Heiltsuk nation. "Had it been full we would be in a significantly worse situation. I don't even know how to quantify how much worse it would be."
This comparatively smaller incident has confirmed long-standing fears over a number of controversial fossil fuel pipeline and tanker projects slated for the British Columbia coast.
In September, the government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau approved, with environmental conditions, a Malaysian-led liquefied natural gas (LNG) project on Lelu Island near Prince Rupert. Job creation and economic investment were cited as key factors motivating the decision.
The LNG site would occupy the entrance to the Skeena River Watershed - one of the world's last intact salmon systems. The decision prompted an outcry. First Nation groups have filed a lawsuit against the project, with some on social media calling for a Canadian version of the Standing Rock Sioux protests to stop it.
Two other pipeline-tanker projects on the coasts, including the proposed expansion of the Kinder Morgan Trans-Mountain project in greater Vancouver, await similar federal rulings.
IN PICTURES: Standing Rock tribe protests over North Dakota pipeline
Oil lobbies and government
Trudeau campaigned last year on a platform critical of their heavily pro-oil predecessor, Stephen Harper.
In addition to promising more forthright and genuine dealings with First Nations, they pledged to formalise a moratorium on crude oil tanker traffic on British Columbia's north coast - a directive spelled out in the mandate letter to their transport minister after they won the election.
It has yet to be implemented.
"That promise was very important to many British Columbians because it showed their understanding of what matters to people on the coast," said Nathan Cullen, a federal MP with the opposition New Democratic Party representing the region of Northwest British Columbia in question.
"Now that Trudeau's in government, that promise no longer seems important to them any more," they told Al Jazeera.
Following the mounting criticism over the Kirby diesel spill and past and pending pipeline decisions, Trudeau announced a $1.1bn National Ocean Protections Plan to improve marine safety nation-wide.
"As a community, we need to protect our magnificent oceans," they said during the announcement, adding that the move was "long overdue".
But critics who had hoped that Trudeau would use the spill to make good on their promise to ban tankers on the North Coast say their announcement focuses on spill mitigation rather than prevention.
The prime minister's office didn't respond to a request for comment from Al Jazeera.
After this experience, the Heiltsuk and other coastal first nations say they're now convinced that there is no such thing as effective oil-spill mitigation and cleanup - especially in an area as tumultuous and storm-lashed as British Columbia's north coast.
They're holding Trudeau to their promise, adding that their communities will be safe only if American fuel shipments transiting the area instead travel in safer ships far offshore.
"We also need to look at these smaller vessels carrying petroleum," said William Housty, the board chair of the Heiltsuk Integrated Resource Management Department.
"That's US oil that's going up our waters to Alaska. We're sacrificing all we have for Americans to move their product. Why should we shoulder all the risk? They need to find another way to pass their oil to each other."
Whatever the government decides in the coming months, it won't mitigate the ecological damage done by the diesel spill, which the Heiltsuk worry will take many years to reverse.
"The hardest thing knows that I'm not going to teach my children how to harvest our traditional seafood from Gale Creek," said Robinson.
"My kids hug me every day when I come home, saying 'thank you for cleaning up the oil'. It's heartbreaking to tell them that Mummy and Daddy had to be out recovering diesel from the place we, our nation, gets our food."
With the introduction of Firefox OS, development of an open apps marketplace, and a push to implement powerful web APIs for closer hardware integration, Mozilla is serious about web apps. We believe that the web can deliver an experience similar to native apps, even on mobile.
We can't forget about the most important piece, however: a good developer ecosystem. We need to provide various tools to make it easy for both beginners and experts to write web apps and deploy them.
This is why we've created mortar, a collection of app templates that provide starting points for different kinds of apps and tools to manage and deploy them.
A few weeks ago, Pierre Richard wrote a post here about their experiences getting started writing apps for Firefox OS. There's some good stuff in their post, including their critiques of mortar. They felt mortar was too complex and introduced a different starting point for writing web apps for Firefox OS.
This post will loosely respond to some of their points, introduce mortar, and explain why I think it is a valuable starting point for writing web apps for both beginners and experts. A detailed walkthrough of mortar is provided at the end in a screencast.
Why Are Templates Useful?
Mortar is more than just a bunch of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. As described later in this post, it comes with various other tools for automating tasks, such as deployment and minifying and concatenating JavaScript and CSS. These tools are necessary when you want to release your app and maintain it.
If you're someone who really enjoys simplicity, you might initially find mortar too complex. I'm definitely someone who wants to boil things down to its simplest form, rejecting unnecessary complexity. We've worked hard to make sure that we only include things in mortar that prove to be very useful when building and deploying a web app.
So I encourage you to learn about the tools mortar comes with, especially if you think you don't need it. Mortar is our expression of good web development practices, so it's also a chance to learn about modern tools and good ways to build web apps. Just as Django or Ruby on Rails may seem complex at first, you pay off your initial investment later on.
The Technology Within Mortar
Mortar templates are pre-built to help you write web apps quickly. These aren't specifically Firefox OS apps. We want you to build web apps that can run anywhere the web is. Firefox OS is a good place for a web app, but the mortar templates aren't specifically targeting Firefox OS (even if some of the more advanced templates borrow a few styles from it).
All of the mortar templates come with the following:
A project structure (folders for css, js, etc)
Some initial well-formed HTML, JavaScript, and files like manifest.webapp
require.js to manage javascript
volo for a development server, css/js optimizations, deployment, and other tasks
Some initial js libs: zepto, mozilla's receipt verifier library, and a cross-platform library to install web apps
In addition, an installation button is provided (but commented out by default) in case you want to test your app as an installed app (or let users install it outside of an app store). All you have to do is uncomment one line of HTML. This, in combination with the pre-built manifest.webapp file, makes it easy to build an app.
Here's what your app looks like when you start it from a template:
All of the static files, like HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, are under the www directory. We live one level up from this so that we can use tools like volo and grunt, and if you need to add a server-side component it's easier. The node_modules and tools directories are only for volo, and you can ignore them.
We chose to use require.js, a JavaScript module system, because it's good practice to write JavaScript in modules. It's not an obscure library; it implements the Asynchronous Module Definition standard for writing modules which is extremely well-known in the javascript community. The module you should start writing JavaScript in is at www/js/app.js .
Besides managing your Javacript dependencies, modules let us easily compress and concatenate all your JavaScript into one minified file, with zero extra work on your part. In fact, it's so easy that it's wrapped up in a volo command for you. Just type volo build in your project and all your JavaScript is concatenated into one file and minified (it also does this with your CSS).
Volo is a tool much like grunt which simply automates tasks at the command line. We use volo because it integrates nicely with require.js. An example command is volo serve , which fires up a development server for your app. View this documentation for more volo commands available.
Volo lets you easily deploy your site to github. After customizing www/manifest.webapp for your app, simply do:
volo build volo ghdeploy
Your optimized app is now running live on github, and is ready to submit to the marketplace!
Games and Layouts
Everything described above is applicable to all apps, but we also want to help people who want to write specific kinds of apps. This is why we've created multiple templates, each catering to a specific need:
mortar-app-stub: a minimal template that only has a little pre-built HTML (a blank canvas for any type of app)
mortar-game-stub: a minimal template that comes with some basic game components
mortar-list-detail: a template like app-stub but also includes a layouts library and a basic list-detail type interface
mortar-tab-view: a template like list-detail but the default interface is a tabbed view
We have a blank canvas (app-stub), a game template (game-stub), and two other templates that come with pre-built layouts.
This is what the game template looks like. It looks pretty boring, but it's rendered using requestAnimationFrame and you can control the box with the arrow keys or WASD. In the future, we might include image loading and basic collision detection.
The list-detail template is below. It comes with a pre-built layout that implements a list-detail interaction where you can touch a list item and drill down into the details. You can also add new items. This data-driven functionality is powered by backbone.js. We are still improving the design. (The tab-view template looks similar to the list-view shown here.)
The layouts library is mortar-layouts, and it's something we came up with to make it really easy to build application UIs. To me, this might be the most exciting part of mortar. I won't go into too much detail here, but it uses x-tags and other new HTML5/CSS3 features to bring a native-feeling application UI to the web. View documentation and a live demo (and the source for the demo).
The layouts library and the two templates that come with layouts are in beta, so keep in mind there are minor bugs. The biggest problem is the lack of design, and we will be working on integrating better styles that reflect Firefox OS (but are easily customizable with CSS!).
Future Work for Mortar
Mortar is relatively new, and it needs time to be fully documented and fleshed out. We are working on this actively.
We are also fine-tuning our templates to figure out what the best starting points are for each one. Admittedly, having the big blue installation button be the default screen for the app-stub was a mistake, which has been fixed. Now you get a short helpful message with links of what else you can do.
Most of the work we have left is with the list-detail and tab-view templates, and figuring out how to deliver useful layouts to developers. We don't want to force a big framework on them, but feel strongly that we need to help them develop application UIs.
We love feedback, so feel free to file an issue to get a conversation started!
Screencast
I made a screencast which walks through mortar in detail and shows you how to use require.js, volo, and other things that it comes with. Watch this if you are interested in more details!
Lawmaker with porn sites as web tabs: ‘I am not a pervert'
PROVIDENCE, R.I. (AP) — A state lawmaker who shared with colleagues a screengrab showing web browser tabs that referenced pornographic content took to the House floor to insist: “I am not a pervert.”
Democratic Rep. Ramon Perez, of Providence, addressed colleagues from the floor on Tuesday.
“I am not a pervert. I made a big mistake of trusting too much in people,” they told them as they denied looking at pornography online. “I know that people don't believe me here. They say that's the excuse everybody makes, oh, it was somebody else.”
Perez apologized last week after distributing the screengrab to members of the House Finance Committee. The screenshot showed a page with information relevant to legislation about car accident insurance that was being discussed, but above it there were multiple open browser tabs with titles referencing obscene material.
Perez said they got it from a friend who had researched the issue for him.
NBC 10 I-Team: State House handout raises eyebrows https://t.co/9mNtLDSSpG — Parker Gavigan (@NBC10_Parker) June 9, 2017
Rep. Teresa Tanzi, a member of the committee, called the incident “deeply disturbing.”
On Tuesday, Perez apologized directly to Tanzi, and asked their colleagues for forgiveness. Perez, who is married, got emotional as they called what happened “a nightmare” and said they have lost sleep over it.
“Just give me a chance and don't judge me so quick,” they said. “It was an innocent mistake.”
___
Information from: The Providence Journal, http://www.providencejournal.com
All of the roughly 30,000 personal emails Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE claimed to have deleted from their private email server will eventually be reviewed by the government — and many will be made public, according to a top legal adversary of Clinton.
“They're all going to get reviewed eventually, despite Mrs. Clinton's resistance,” Tom Fitton, the head of the conservative legal watchdog organization Judicial Watch, said in an interview with The Hill.
Clinton has said they “chose not to keep” roughly half of their server's email cache because the 30,000 personal emails contained information about “yoga routines,” “family vacations” and “condolence notes.”
The rest of the emails — approximately 55,000 pages worth of allegedly work-related documents from their time as secretary of State — were handed back to the State Department for recordkeeping. Redacted versions of those messages have been released to the public in batches on a regular basis since last May.
Clinton and their aides decided which of the emails were personal and which were work-related, to the frustration of many political critics and transparency advocates.
But those messages might still exist in some form, Fitton speculated, either with Clinton's lawyers or at the IT company hired to manage their server.
“We believe they're out there,” Fitton said. “That's one of the things we're going to be asking.”
“Ultimately, all the records on their system will be reviewed and released to the public, as the law requires,” the Judicial Watch president told The Hill. “Some things may not be turned over because they truly are something that we can't see, because they're classified or private or something else.”
Judicial Watch has relentlessly pursued Clinton's “home brew” email arrangement, filing at least 20 lawsuits connected to the matter. Clinton's emails have become a target of frequent attacks from their Republican critics during their front-runner Democratic presidential campaign.
This week, the organization achieved a major victory when a federal judge ordered that top aides to Clinton be questioned under oath about their roles in setting up Clinton's bespoke email arrangement. The order came in the course of an open records lawsuit about the controversial work arrangement of Clinton's longtime aide Huma Abedin, which has grown into a forum for the broader battle surrounding their emails.
The concern, Judge Emmet Sullivan said, was that government officials might have worked to thwart the Freedom of Information Act.
“We're talking about a cabinet-level official who was accommodated by the government for reasons unknown to the public,” Sullivan said before handing down their order Tuesday.
“This is all about the public's right to know.”
This week's development should have been expected for months, Fitton said, ever since Clinton claimed to have eliminated their personal emails.
“Mrs. Clinton only turned over half their emails,” they said. “So of course the litigation was going to continue because the allegation was all the emails should have been reviewed and searched under the Freedom of Information Act.
Judicial Watch has until March 15 to file an initial plan for moving ahead with the evidence-gathering process, formally known as discovery. An official arrangement won't be hammered out until at least a month after that.
All told, it could be well into the summer — if not Election Day — by the time the process is finalized.
“It's not going to be weeks — it's going to be months,” Fitton said.
In their order this week, Sullivan demanded that Judicial Watch propose a “narrowly tailored” plan to obtain information, seemingly aware of the heated politics of the case.
Fitton told The Hill that their organization's questions will be limited to those “people are genuinely interested in knowing about,” such as “who knew about it and when.”
At this point, Clinton's bespoke email arrangement has hounded them for nearly a year. Though their top Democratic opponent, Sen. Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE (I-Vt.), refuses to talk about it, scrutiny will only increase if they win the Democratic presidential nomination.
Judicial Watch's multiple legal attacks have yielded tangible results, despite what it has described as failures on the part of the media and Capitol Hill.
Without its work, Fitton claimed, “We wouldn't know anything these emails.”
“We've had remarkable success in getting accountability despite the obstruction,” they said.
“And who knows what else is in those emails we haven't seen yet.”
This is long overdue, since the incident happened almost a month ago. So, many of you are probably already aware of what happened.
Basically, 22-year-old Trey Eric Sesler of Houston, Texas allegedly murdered their parents and brother on March 20. Trey's family was all found at home dead of multiple fatal gunshot wounds from a high-powered rifle. What makes this story relevant to us is that Trey went by the nickname “Mr. Anime” online and posted lots of anime review videos on their YouTube channel.
Here's a video of the news coverage from CNN.
Pretty horrible! Check out some old “real” news stories from CNN, The Daily Mail and The Houston Chronicle for more details.
Thanks to James M. and David L. for reminding us to post this, as well as the informative links.
When False Creek South was proposed in the early 1970s, critics said the plan for a cluster of socially-mixed stacked townhouses on former industrial land would lead to a crime-infested slum, inhospitable to families.
Hardly. If you stroll there today through the leafy paths between low-rises and townhouses, it doesn't feel anything like a slum. And, as a remarkably poised 12-year-old told City of Vancouver councillors this week, it's one of the city's most “awesome” areas for kids.
In response, the mayor said they want to attract more people — especially kids — to False Creek South, which, like many Vancouver neighbourhoods, has seen a drop in the number of families with kids.
Council voted unanimously this week to approve terms of reference for a planning process for the area along the south shore between the Burrard and Cambie bridges, most of which is city-owned. This sets in motion, after years of neighbourhood engagement, the city's planning efforts for the next phase of a great Vancouver neighbourhood, one that grew out of controversy into an icon of livability.
In 1972, a Vancouver Sun op-ed under the headline “Instant Slum” derided the False Creek South plan as far too dense for a viable community, recalled historian John Atkin. In addition to the high (for the time) density, the neighbourhood's plan for a “socially mixed community” was unusual in the 1970s. Planners aimed for an income mix reflecting the broader region, combining co-ops, affordable housing, condos, and more.
In 1974, a member of the False Creek South planning team quit, calling the city's plan a “blunder of classic proportions”, The Vancouver Sun reported at the time. The unhappy member added they thought the land “was among the very worst spots in Vancouver on which to build a lot of housing.”
But, as construction finished and residents started moving in, the picture changed. By January 1977, a Vancouver Sun headline touted “Life in dreamland on the creek.”
On Tuesday at city hall, 12-year-old False Creek South resident Sirus Grames-Webb told mayor and council: “If you look at False Creek, that's what a city should look like, it's the perfect image for planners … Ask any kid who lives here, they'll tell you how awesome our False Creek neighbourhood is. You should make more places in Vancouver like this.”
Maybe he's right — in a city where most residential land is zoned strictly for single family houses, maybe they should make more places in Vancouver like the Creek.
Following Sirus' presentation, Coun. Adriane Carr, asked them what kind of home he'd like to live in when he's older.
Sirus responded that while most kids “want to live in a big mansion,” he'd prefer a co-op.
“I absolutely love the idea of co-ops,” said the Grade 7 student. “A lot of middle-class families can live there, so when I'm older and I have kids that would be kind of a sweet spot.”
Indeed, early on the Creek showed “incredible success” attracting families with children, according to this week's city report. By 1981, families occupied 40 per cent of households, greatly exceeding planners' targets. But the area's mix has changed dramatically over the decades, and families with kids now make up only 22 per cent of households, below the city-wide average of 32 per cent.
Mayor Gregor Robertson said they found it “quite alarming to see the drop in the number of families and kids in the neighbourhood … We're seeing that pattern in a number of neighbourhoods across Vancouver, and that's a key priority for council, to make sure we are building more housing for families and kids.”
Michael Geller, a planner in the CMHC's Vancouver office in the 1970s, remembers the backlash when they worked on the original False Creek South project. And Geller, now a real estate consultant, has been reminded of that backlash in recent years, when Vancouver neighbourhoods have pushed back against city hall's attempts to increase density.
But they believe more home-dwellers are coming around to the idea that more False Creek-style housing, such as stacked townhouses, spread throughout the region could help improve affordability while creating vibrant, walkable neighbourhoods.
“I think people are ready to accept it now,” Geller said. “Many of the people who opposed new, higher-density housing nine or 10 years ago, are now ready to move into it, or their kids are. And that's the reason I'm more optimistic than I was 10 years ago.”
dfumano@postmedia.com
twitter.com/fumano
Indonesia's Constitutional Court considers criminalising adultery and gay sex
Posted
Casual sex and gay sex in Indonesia could become illegal.
Conservative groups have asked the nation's constitutional court to crack down on so-called immoral behaviour — like sex outside marriage and gay sex — and have said the nation's criminal code that allows this should be struck down.
Lawyer Fiezal Syahmenan — who is representing conservative religious group The Family Love Alliance — said the case was about nationalism, not sex.
"These laws were created by the Dutch colonial government which are not based on Indonesian values, or Indonesia's constitution," Mr Syahmenan said.
The Family Love Alliance is the plaintiff in the case.
If the group gets what it wants, those most likely to actually be prosecuted will be members of Indonesia's gay community — always referred to in Indonesia as LGBT.
When they have sex, they will be breaking the law.
"Just like I don't care if people choose to be Islam or Christian, that is their own business," Mr Syahmenan said.
"But the point is that LGBT is not in line with the values in the foundation of this country, that is the problem."
'Bleak time' for LGBTI community
The past 12 months have been terrible for Indonesia's LGBT community.
A gay support group was hounded off a university campus. A former cabinet minister said gays should be killed. The nation's deputy president cut funding to a program designed to end stigma. And the nation's peak psychiatric body said homosexuality was a condition that could be cured.
Veteran gay rights advocate Dede Oetomo said it was a bleak time in Indonesia.
"Society has become more … categorically conservative," they said.
"I have a feeling the religionists are free to propagate homophobia, transphobia."
Mr Oetomo said the court case and new laws being considered by Parliament were the most serious attacks yet on the community.
"You cannot criminalise being gay," they said.
"But [criminalising] gay sex, yeah. It's already there in Aceh, and South Sumatra and six other districts or municipalities.
"It's spreading. If Parliament passes the articles on sexuality, we're illegal. All casual sex illegal."
Even married couples could be vulnerable
Some conservative areas already have local codes that criminalise so-called immoral behaviour.
Under Aceh's sharia law, for instance, you can be caned if you are caught alone in a room with someone of the opposite sex.
Earlier this year, the ABC witnessed a teenage girl being caned for so-called "lustful conduct" after they were convicted of being alone with their boyfriend.
But the laws under scrutiny at the Constitutional Court will apply to all 250 million Indonesians.
The Family Love Alliance's stance is being opposed by human rights groups like the National Commission on Violence Against Women.
The commission's Azriana told the Constitutional Court sweeping laws like this were very dangerous.
"When the state goes too far, and enters the personal space, what happens is that ordinary people will be criminalised," they said.
"Those who are married but don't hold a state marital document, say if they're married based on indigenous law, then police can come to their bedroom and grab them, as they don't have legal evidence to verify their marriage.
"A gay couple or even a husband and wife, they are vulnerable to being accused of doing adultery."
Topics: community-and-society, sexuality, marriage, lgbt, indonesia
- Ackkstudios are now officially Wii U developers- team has around 17 employees- “Two Brothers” heading to the Wii U's eShop- targeted 2013 release- more specific release info coming in 2013- currently in the infant stages of porting the game to the Wii U- second game is a modern 3D RPG- platforms to be announced for second game in March- Wii U being considered for this RPG- games like “Earthbound” and “The World Ends With You” have an influence on the RPG- RPG is already in playable form- Two Brothers is an Action/Adventure/Role playing game- created in the style of Game Boy games- gameplay is similar to “Secret of Mana” and “The Legend of Zelda”- game will be HD- general lack of color is a core element of what the game's story is about- take on the role of Roy Guarder, a young inventor who begins to obsess with the idea of finding a new color on earth- this is after a near death experience shows them an afterlife filled with color- your brother, Bivare, is also an inventor and explorer- your brother also takes on your obsession and you begin a quest- it took two and a half weeks for Ackkstudios to become an official Wii U developer
Iguodala usually pairs their casual-yet-sleek blazer look with minimalist sneakers from Common Projects. The luxury brand doesn't carry shoes that fit their size 16 foot, so Iguodala places custom orders months before shoes are released to the general public. He's a big fan of the Achilles Low, a versatile lifestyle shoe that ages well with wear.
“I can wear these anywhere, with anything—a suit or jeans. I can wear these with sweats, joggers. These go with anything,” they say.
Despite their affinity for Common Projects, Iguodala has a diverse footwear collection in their mammoth shoe closet—with high ceilings and subtle lighting—which features upward of 300 pairs of shoes, including the Golden State Nike Air Max 1 Bespokes they designed last year and Louis Vuitton. Though they are consciously veering away from rocking sneakers these days, the Jordan 1 remains Iguodala's favorite—he wears them on off days.
Even though Iguodala respects style that differs from their own, they don't shy away from sharing their opinions on others' fashion choices.
On Dwyane Wade: “He's very versatile. He'll give you all ends of the spectrum, which can be good and bad.”
On Cam Newton: “I have no idea [where they are going with their style]. I don't know if Cam knows. Cam's usually good. It's just that one thing that will throw you off with theirs looks. Like, he'll have a clean suit on and then he'll...throw a hat on with the netting over it like a church lady and it just throws it off. But Cam's usually clean.”
On Klay Thompson: “[He] doesn't know which way they want to go. Klay should wear staple pieces. They should wear the same thing every day. They should dress like a Silicon Valley startup CEO.”
As for the rest of the Warriors, Iguodala says much of the team avoids drawing attention with fashion, especially after the team's profile skyrocketed with the arrival of Kevin Durant last summer. The squad's celebrity, combined with the grind of the season, has put a premium on comfort rather than show-stopping looks.
“There's just so much going on. Everyone's following you. Your every move is being watched,” Iguodala says. “So a lot of our guys go in sweats—just put on some sweats and a hoodie and just zip it on tight and just keep our head down.”
North Siders Register Dogs More Than Rest of City, but Rates Low Everywhere View Full Caption
CHICAGO — Even on the North Side, where there are far more registered dogs than the South or West Sides, few Chicagoans tend to take the steps to tell the city they own a dog, data show.
As of last August, the city had 38,478 licenses out of 610,600 dogs estimated to live in the city, based on a formula by the American Veterinary Medical Association.
Though the city clerk's office estimates the total population to be closer to 400,000, that still means only a fraction of dog owners in the city have paid the standard $5 per year for a sterilized dog — or $50 for an unsterilized one — to get their dog registered.
"The city is giving us trouble as it is with fines and fees and such," said West Pullman resident Marsharn Pierce, who was buying food for Sampson, their 6-month-old cane corso, at a Morgan Park Petco. "What's the point of getting a dog license?"
Chicago's Animal Care and Control Department issued 79 percent more tickets related to dog licenses in 2013 than in 2011. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Tanveer Ali
ZIP codes 60657 (Lakeview) and 60614 (Lincoln Park) have the most registered dogs in the city at 2,050 and 2,048, respectively.
FOR A CITYWIDE BREAKDOWN OF WHERE DOGS ARE LICENSED, SEE OUR INTERACTIVE GRAPHIC.
But only about 9 percent of Lakeview dogs and 10 percent of Lincoln Park dogs are registered, based on the veterinary medical asssociation's formula.
On the other end of the spectrum, the three ZIP codes with the fewest registered dogs — 60603, 60604 and 60602 — are in the business-centric Loop. Combined, the three ZIP codes have 76 dogs registered.
The 60621 ZIP code, which covers Englewood, has only 48 dogs registered, less than 1 percent of its estimated population.
Other South and West Side neighborhoods aren't that much higher.
The city made a two-year push to get dogs registered in the city, which increased the number of dog tags by about 11,000 between 2011 and 2013.
There's some debate among city officials about what they can do to increase registration numbers.
"Participation is encouraged, but the city doesn't have the resources to do much more than encourage participation," said Patrick Corcoran, the city clerk's spokesperson. "To turn it from a nice public service program to something else would require enforcement."
Corcoran calls city dog registration a service that not only provides "peace of mind" to owners of other dogs they might come across at day cares or parks, but has proven helpful in reuniting lost dogs with dozens of their owners.
While the city clerk's office said that the city has few avenues for enforcement, Animal Care and Control spokesperson Brad Powers said dog licensing is one of the central things inspectors look for when attending to the nearly 60,000 phone calls the department handles annually.
Powers said their department has limited resources and usually prioritizes complaints such as dog attacks, dog fighting and similar public safety issues. But on each inspection, dog license checks are done.
"It's one of the first things we are going to check for," Powers said.
In 2013, the department issued 720 tickets to people who lacked proper city dog licenses, a 79 percent increase from 2011. Those tickets carry fines up to $200.
Ald. Bob Fioretti (2nd), who has pushed for a stricter city ordinance on the matter, says overhauling licensing could improve public safety and health.
"By licensing the puppies, we know who the owner is," Fioretti said. "We can make sure that we have a better, healthier environment for all people."
Separate from the city's licensing, the Chicago Park District requires dog owners to get tags from veterinarians before their pets can use one of the parks' "dog-friendly areas."
There are 22 such places in the city, the southernmost being in the South Loop's Coliseum Park, 1466 S. Wabash Ave., making such tagging a North Side phenomenon.
Laura Grimes, a Mayfair resident who tries to take their 3-year-old standard poodle Tahoe to the Puptown Dog Park in Uptown several times a week, has registered their dog.
"The reason to do it is to prove dogs have all their shots," Grimes said.
But they said they understand why more people don't register their dogs.
"On the North Side, it's rare to see a stray dog, and, if we do, we try to find its owner," Grimes said. "It's rare to be around an owner whose dog hasn't received shots. You can throw a rock and hit a vet in this part of town."
That's different on the South Side, including Pierce's 60628 ZIP code, where just 375 dogs, or about 2.6 percent of the total dog population, are licensed.
"It is tougher to own a dog on the South Side when you see other parts of the city with more services," Pierce said. "There's no benefit to registering your dog here."
As portions of the US are battered by snowstorms and shrouded beneath gray skies, a European startup is developing a light fixture that mimics the sun.
Each CoeLux fixture models the sunlight of a specific locale, be it the cool color and strong shadows of equatorial countries, the even glow of Mediterranean sunlight, or the slightly dimmer and warmer, but more striking patterns found along the Arctic Circle.
CoeLux fixtures use traditional LEDs, calibrated to the same wavelengths as the sun. However, accurately recreating sunlight also requires mimicking subtle variations caused by the atmosphere, which varies in thickness and composition depending upon where you are on earth. CoeLux uses a milimeters-thick layer of plastic, peppered with nanoparticles, that does essentially the same thing in your living room. CoeLux's inventor, Professor Paolo Di Trapani hasn't made any disclosures about how the nanotechnology works in practice, but an impressive list of peer-reviewed publications, industry awards, and testimonials from customers provide comfort that these devices actually work as advertised.
Despite the dynamic nature of the light, the fixtures feature no moving parts. Different qualities of light are created by manipulating the size and placement of the LED "hot spot"—the portion of the fixture meant to represent the sun—within the fixture's two-foot wide and 5-foot long frame. The tropical unit has the largest hot spot, the Nordic unit the smallest. The thickness of the plastic sheet varies as well, thicker for the Nordic light than the equatorial light, to mirror the atmosphere. The light doesn't emit any ultraviolet rays, so it won't give you a tan or ease your seasonal affective disorder, but it will make the darkest basement, warehouse, or subterranean dwelling feel like a solarium.
Shining a New Light on an Old Problem
For thousands of years, man has tried to bring sunlight into dark spaces. Egyptians used complex arrays of mirrors to bring natural light deep within the pyramids, but this is labor intensive and difficult to achieve without a huge slave-labor force.
Northern European palaces from the 18th century feature bright Trompe l'oeil frescos of sunny skies, designed to bring cheer during long winters. Las Vegas casinos use similar techniques, augmented with LEDs and other technologies, to make you think you're outdoors, not frittering away your money in the soulless confines of a casino.
Engineers have previously tried to replicate the sun's spectrum in light bulbs. Though technically accurate, these bulbs miss the mark by 238,900 miles or so. "Even a perfect reproduction of the sun's spectrum fails in reproducing the natural light simply because it reproduces the natural light on the moon, and not on the Earth," says CoeLux co-founder Paolo Di Trapani. Without the subtle interplay of atmospheric particles, even a careful recreation of the solar spectrum will seem alien.
Di Trapani is a a professor with impressive list of technical publications on their CV, but when asked about CoeLux, their first references are to works of art, like The courtyard of Saint Ambrogio church in Milan or Van Gogh's painting The Sower. "CoeLux is not copying nature, but putting nature on a stage, like art does," says Di Trapani. "It focuses attention on the most relevant feature of natural light—the dynamic interplay between the sky and sunlight."
Like an artist, Di Trapani judges the quality of their light by the quality of the shadows it produces. "Objects are illuminated by the direct and warm light of the sun, which casts their sharp shadows," they say. "However, these shadows are not just dark, or grey, but bluish as in nature from being under the diffused light of the sky."
You can get a CoeLux now, but expect to spend five figures. Di Trapani is eager to see what happens when architect start imagining new kinds of buildings enabled by this technology. Just as elevators enabled the construction of skyscrapers, and air conditioning allowed buildings to become wider, Di Trapani believe CoeLux could allow for the creation of "groundscrapers," or buildings that stretch hundreds of feet into the ground, yet don't make you feel you've descended into a deep, dark cave.
by Sandy Ikeda
An article appeared in the Arts section of last Thursday's New York Times called, “Ivory tower unswayed by crashing economy.” I found three things in particular that were dismaying about it.
The reporter argues that academic economists have been slow to change their minds about the virtues of the free market, in spite of recent events, when they say,
Free market theory, mathematical models and hostility to government regulation still reign in most economics departments at colleges and universities around the country.
So, first, is the common bromide that the free market is primarily responsible for the economic mess we're in. But what I find almost as disturbing is the way they tacitly equate free-market economics (leave aside for a moment the appropriateness of the term) with mathematical economics and in particular neoclassical mathematical economics. This is something I've encountered a lot lately.
Finally, because free-market equals neoclassical mathematical economics, the only alternatives they mention in the article are naturally those that are anti-market.
There are a handful of departments that have welcomed alternative theorists, like the University of Massachusetts, Amherst; the University of Massachusetts, Boston; the University of Utah; and the University of Missouri, Kansas City (where the Heterodox Economics Newsletter is published).
Economists during an economic crisis are like weathermen during a hurricane. And like many of my colleagues reading this, I've been doing more speaking before public audiences in the past six months. I've found, however, that there's much hostility out there not only to the idea of free markets but to economists in general, and even much skepticism about whether economics is a science.
Fighting the public conflation of Austrian economics with the mainstream whenever the opportunity arises is one thing Austrians can do to help turn the intellectual battle around. This is an instance in which methological issues need to take center stage.
US debates if security contractors are 'enemy combatants' RAW STORY
Published: Monday October 15, 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This Enemy combatants. The two words Bush Administration lawyers used to keep Guantanamo Bay terror suspects out of the purview of US or international courts may come back to haunt them: some are now asking whether private security contractors could fall under the same moniker. According to Julian Barnes, writing in Monday's Los Angeles Times, federal reviews of shootings by Blackwater USA in Iraq have left officials scratching their heads as to whether the Administration could be accused of violating international treaty obligations. If officials admit the use of guards in war zones is a violation, they may have to limit the use of their massive private mercenary armies in future conflicts. Lawyers in the State, Defense and Justice departments are examing issues surrounding the contractors, Barnes says. "I think it is an unresolved issue that needs to be addressed," an unnamed senior Defense Department official told the paper. "But if that is in fact the case, what the heck are we doing?" "The use of private contractors by the U.S. military and governments worldwide began long before the U.S invasions of Afghanistan and Iraq, but it has mushroomed in recent years," the paper adds. "With relatively little controversy, contractors have assumed a greater share of support and logistics duties traditionally handled by uniformed military, such as protecting diplomats inside a war zone." A Sept. 16, 2007 shooting in which as many as 17 Iraqis were killed set off a firestorm that sparked myriad US inquiries into the contractors' behavior. Iraq tried, unsuccessfully, to banish Blackwater from its borders. Under a directive approved by the interim US Iraqi government -- the Coalition Provisional Authority -- US contractors are immune from prosecution under Iraqi law. "The designation of lawful and unlawful combatants is set out in the Geneva Convention," Barnes notes. "Lawful combatants are nonmilitary personnel who operate under their military's chain of command. Others may carry weapons in a war zone but may not use offensive force. Under the international agreements, they may only defend themselves. "The amount of force being used in Iraq by security firms like Blackwater has raised questions," they continue. "Lawyers at the Justice Department are skeptical that the contractors could be considered unlawful combatants, but some in the State and Defense departments think the contractors in Iraq could be vulnerable to claims that their actions make them unlawful combatants. If so, experts tell the Times, the U.S. would have to yank them out of Iraq. The full Los Angeles Times article can be read at this link.
Advertisements Want a gift card? Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey!
caption These Pink Lady apples were rejected because they were smaller than the required minimum diameter of 2 inches. source Imperfect
LONDON - The UK's apple-growing trade body warned that the industry faces a "cliff edge" as Brexit nears, and is experiencing a 20% reduction in the supply of seasonal labour.
English Apples and Pears, the trade body, said labour availability was the main risk to the industry, which produces the more than 20 varieties of apple grown in the UK.
Ad
"All British apples and picked by hand, which means that the harvest from orchards is highly labour-intensive," Steven Munday, chief executive of English Apples and Pears, told The Guardian. "We're working hard with the National Farmers' Union (NFU) and other bodies to lobby for access to the required seasonal labour after Brexit."
Lower-skilled and lower paid sectors in particular are already starting to feel an immigration pinch, and the shortage of NHS nurses has been well reported. In August, Britain's food industry warned that labour shortages after Brexit could leave over a third of its businesses unviable, since almost a third of the UK's food and drink manufacturing workforce are European immigrants.
Hops Labour Solutions, which recruits seasonal and temporary workers for the UK agriculture and horticulture industries, said a weaker pound had made the UK a less attractive place to work. "We have managed to scrape by this year but 2018 is going to be a cliff edge," they told The Guardian. "Apples and pears are a particular problem because it's such a short season - typically six weeks, which means we cannot attract UK workers because of the welfare system."
Ad
In June, a NFU survey showed the number of seasonal workers coming to work on British farms had fallen by 17%, leaving some businesses critically short of workers.
The survey, which covered the period from January to March, showed that the number of labour recruiters unable to meet the demands of farms rose four-fold, and that the proportion of returning seasonal workers dropped throughout the first five months of the year, from 65% to 33%.
"A lack of clarity regarding the UK's future relationship with the EU and a weakened sterling has contributed to the reduction in workers on farms now being reported by labour providers who source seasonal workers," said NFU horticulture and potatoes board chairperson Ali Capper.
According to news reports from multiple sources, Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe, known to hockey fans for generations as simply “Mr. Hockey,” has died at the age of 88 in Ohio.
#BREAKING: Gordie Howe died this morning at the age of 88, a source close to the family confirms to @Sportsnet pic.twitter.com/jjunq28J9o — 680 NEWS Toronto (@680NEWS) June 10, 2016
Howe had been suffering from a number of physical ailments in recent years, including dementia and a serious stroke in October 2014 which left Howe physically incapacitated, though a stem cell treatment they received in Mexico appeared to have dramatically improved their condition.
Howe was a universally revered figure in the hockey world considered by many to be among the top-five the greatest players of all-time, and this news has understandably been met with much sadness.
During Howe's storied hockey career they won four Stanley Cups, six Art Ross and Hart trophies, and was on the First or Second NHL All-Star teams an astounding 21 times. They still hold a multitude of NHL records as well. They amassed 801 goals and 1850 points in 1767 NHL games during a career that spanned five decades with the Detroit Red Wings and the Hartford Whalers. They were the inaugural recipient of the NHL Lifetime Achievement Award in 2008.
The man known has “Mr. Hockey” left a permanent mark on the hockey world not only for their sublime offensive skills but also for their tenacity and willingness to fight, on and off the ice.
Main Photo:
UK priest sexually abused children at a top British Catholic school back in the 1970s (representational)
A priest was jailed for 18 years today for sexually abusing boys at a top British Catholic school in crimes dating back to the 1970s.Andrew Soper, 74, fled to Kosovo in 2011 to avoid prosecution over charges that they molested boys while principal at St Benedict's School in London.He was extradited in 2016 to face 19 counts of indecent assault and buggery against 10 former pupils in the 1970s and 1980s. A jury at the Old Bailey central criminal court in London found them guilty of all charges on December 6.Sentencing them today, judge Anthony Bate said that Soper's conduct was "the most appalling breach of trust" and that they had "subverted the rules of the Benedictine order and teachings of the Catholic Church".Bate said Soper's life would now be "overshadowed by the proven catalogue of vile abuse". "Your disgrace is complete," they added.The trial heard how Soper's victims were subjected to sadistic beatings for "fake reasons" including kicking a football "in the wrong direction", "failing to use double margins" and "using the (wrong) staircase", leading to a caning and a sexual assault.Giving evidence, Soper denied using the cane as a ruse to abuse boys who were given the choice of six lashes with trousers on, or three with them off."Soper abused their position of trust as principal of a middle school over a sustained period of time," police Detective Superintendent Ang Scott said after the sentencing. "Throughout the investigation they have attempted to evade justice by leaving the UK and then failing to answer their bail."Speaking of the victims, they said: "Although it can never make up for the emotional and psychological trauma caused by Soper's crimes, I hope the sentence handed to them today can give them some form of closure."
Feb 07, 2014 (ACCESSWIRE via COMTEX) -- There is a talk about regulations, but some companies are helping the growth of cryptocurrency like Bitcoin while others are hurting it.
When Development Capital Group went to the North American Bitcoin Conference we met with many of the leading people in the industry on cryptocurrencies, and received a lot of opinions on the future of the market. Last week we published an article called "Bitcoin Arrives" which went over cryptocurrency from a historical and ideological perspective by highlighting some key information in the industry.
It seems that people are moving past the idea that these cryptocurrencies, like "Bitcoin", will be used for illegal activity. Whether it was a payment processor, a merchant, a banker, or a government official, each had their individual opinions about how to properly handle it. One side is talking about how the United States government will come in and regulate the newly adopted payment processor, while some are arguing about how it's a temporary thing and going away.
In New York, the Bitcoin community met with regulators to negotiate how to handle this new form or system of payment. The New York Department of Financial Services discussed about "BitLicense" as a potential requirement since the digital currency exchange platforms that are popping up are now deemed "transmitters of money". If the company is accepting a FIAT currency into Bitcoin, and exchanging it among users as well as different currencies, the company is being categorized as a transmitter of money, and this is a place where the government is required to regulate how these transactions are handled.
The New York State Attorney's Office Office charged Charlie Shrem, CEO of BitInstant, for facilitating in a money laundering scheme, who oddly enough was supposed to be at the North America Bitcoin Conference. The focus in this case though is not the use of Bitcoin itself but the way they transacted with Silk Road users. The same process of money laundering can be done with cash, gold, or wire fraud. Government officials are looking at the lack of regulation that is surrounding Bitcoin.
Other than regulation, it's important to watch how companies are reacting to this lack of government oversight. Yesterday, we saw a big blow to the Bitcoin community when Apple removed the last Bitcoin wallet app Blockchain from their app store. Bitstamp dropped as low as $752 yesterday with the release of this information, which seems to be a reaction to the news. This still seems to be pretty stable compared to the 50% drop when China's biggest Bitcoin exchange, BTCChina, stopped accepting deposits in Chinese yuan in December. The market has seemed to be less volatile recently when China allowed the acceptance of the Chinese yuan again this past week.
As more governments are opening up to digital currencies, we are seeing more support from big companies. Overstock's CEO Jonathan Johnson is active in the limelight on their personal investment in Bitcoin and started accepting Bitcoin at Overstock. Now Overstock is discussing about accepting the less talked about altcoins. Accepting Bitcoin for companies has brought in some pretty good press and sales. Tigerdirect accepted Bitcoin, and did $250,000 in sales in 17 hours. Now we see more companies that are accepting Bitcoin like Tesla, Zynga, Domino's Pizza, Virgin Galactic, Wordpress, and many more.
There is much speculation about the market with numerous articles covering various movements. The Google support team discusses their integration of Bitcoin for Google Play, while Google Ventures has funded a Bitcoin startup called Ripple. Overstock.com's CEO claims it's a matter of time before Amazon accepts Bitcoin. Ebay has publicly backed the idea of integrating Bitcoin while Coinbase has recently received $25 million from Silicon Valley venture capital firm Andreessen Horowitz.
What we are seeing is a pretty positive growth in the market, and a lot of attention from various venture capital and investment companies. If we look at the price of Bitcoin we are seeing it continue to go up with some reversals, but ultimately in an upward trend. We see a lot of activity in this market and continue to monitor what is happening in the industry.
You can read this article posted on Development Capital Groups Blog, here
http://www.accesswire.com/img.ashx?id=411680
Copyright 2014 ACCESSWIRE
BOSTON – The Legislature, Gov. Charlie Baker and Treasurer Deborah Goldberg continue to play a game of cat-and-mouse when it comes to marijuana regulation.
On Nov. 8, 2016, Massachusetts voters approved a ballot law legalizing possession and use of marijuana, and authorizing a retail pot industry. But 183 days later, the question of who will be in charge over overseeing the marijuana industry remains up in the air.
In December, the Legislature and Baker delayed implementation of that law by six months, passing a statute that left Goldberg in charge of regulation while pushing back from March 1 to Sept. 1 the deadline for their appointments to the Cannabis Control Commission created under the ballot law.
In January, Baker said any changes to the regulatory framework for legal cannabis should be made by April to ensure the delayed deadlines can be met.
Since then, the Legislature has formed a Committee on Marijuana Policy, which has held numerous public hearings with the goal of developing legislation significantly altering the ballot law by June. Lawmakers say they still intend to facilitate the issuance of the first retail licenses in July 2018.
Meantime, there's no regulatory structure of any kind in place currently. Goldberg says their office spent months preparing to implement the law and lawmakers approved $300,000 in regulatory funding for Goldberg. Baker signed off on that appropriation in March, but their office has not released the money.
A Baker administration official declined to say why the money has been held up for the past six weeks.
“The Executive Office for Administration and Finance will carefully administer the reserve funds and work with all parties involved to ensure the law is implemented responsibly,” Sarah Finlaw, spokesperson for the Executive Office of Administration and Finance, said in a statement.
But it appears Baker's team may be adhering to the wishes of the Legislature.
In an April 3 letter, a week after passing the bill authorizing the $300,000 appropriation, House Marijuana Committee Co-chair Rep. Mark Cusack asked Administration and Finance Secretary Kristen Lepore to hold on to the $300,000 and said lawmakers hope to get a marijuana law rewrite to Baker by July 1.
“Arguably the biggest recommendation made by the committee will be the structure of the recreational marijuana regulatory authority and how it operates,” Cusack wrote. They said lawmakers are weighing having the treasurer as the sole regulatory authority or opting instead for an “independent commission.”
Public officials have spent the past few months debating the commission model and do not appear to have reached a consensus.
Goldberg, Baker and legislative leaders discussed regulatory governance models at a private meeting last week. Afterwards, Goldberg called the meeting “a great first conversation” and said the discussion covered “a lot of the technical aspects.”
“I think this was just a first conversation, and there's a recognition that we will all be working collaboratively, and with the members of the committee because they have done a significant amount of work to try and figure out how to meet the needs of and the will of the people of Massachusetts and the way in which they voted,” Goldberg said.
State tax collections 10 months into fiscal 2017 are up by just 1.1 percent, contributing to ongoing state budget problems.
Back in December, when the Legislature passed the law delaying the ballot law's implementation by six months, one marijuana advocate said they were bothered that marijuana-related jobs and tax revenues would be delayed.
“Massachusetts does not have coffers of extra money to let this type of delay happen,” said Beth Waterfall, the founder of Massachusetts Mothers for Regulation and Taxation of Marijuana. “We need jobs in Massachusetts.”
If lawmakers can get a bill to Baker by July, Cusack said, that would leave a year to write regulations governing the new market.
“While some may be worried about such timelines, getting the regulatory structure right is and will continue to be more important,” Cusack wrote.
Under existing law, if regulations governing retail sales are not promulgated by July 1, 2018, licensed medical marijuana companies would automatically be become eligible to sell marijuana to anyone 21 or older.
So while the exact makeup of the regulatory structure is still unknown, state officials for now have decided it's inadvisable to release the $300,000 to Goldberg so they can staff up in the spirit of the ballot law.
ANAHEIM, Calif. (Reuters) - The federal government has not notified U.S. state election officials if their voting systems were targeted by suspected Russian hackers during the 2016 presidential campaign, and the information will likely never be made public, a top state election chief told Reuters.
FILE PHOTO: Voters cast their votes during the U.S. presidential election in Elyria, Ohio, U.S. November 8, 2016. REUTERS/Aaron Josefczyk/File Photo
“You're absolutely never going to learn it, because we don't even know it,” Judd Choate, state election director for Colorado and president of the National Association of State Election Directors, said in an interview on Thursday during the group's summer conference.
Nearly 10 months after Republican Donald Trump's upset presidential victory over Democrat Hillary Clinton, Choate said they had not spoken to a single state election director who had been told by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security if their state was among those attacked.
The lack of information-sharing on the election breaches reflects the difficulty state and federal officials have had in working together to protect U.S. voting from cyber threats. All U.S. elections are run by state and local governments, which have varying degrees of technical competence.
DHS told Congress in June that 21 states were targeted during the 2016 presidential race, and that while a small number were breached, there was no evidence any votes were manipulated.
Other reports have said 39 states were targeted. Choate said they had heard both numbers mentioned.
Several lawmakers, including Senator Mark Warner, the top Democrat on the U.S. Senate Intelligence Committee, have expressed frustration at DHS' refusal to identify which states had been targeted. Arizona and Illinois confirmed last year that hackers had targeted their voter registration systems.
In a statement, the DHS did not refute that states had not been notified if they were targeted, adding the agency informed the owners or operators of systems potentially victimized “who may not necessarily” be state election officials.
DHS was working with senior state election officials “to determine how best to share this information while protecting the integrity of investigations and the confidentiality of system owners,” the agency said.
U.S. intelligence agencies have concluded that the Kremlin orchestrated an operation that included hacking and online propaganda intended to tilt the November election in Trump's favor.
Several congressional committees are investigating and Special Counsel Robert Mueller is leading a separate probe into the Russia matter, including whether Moscow colluded with the Trump campaign. Russia has denied election meddling and Trump has denied any collusion.
‘LEARN FROM THE MISSTEPS'
The four-day conference of election directors was originally supposed to be about issues like voter registration, but took a sharp turn following the election hacking.
“After the 2000 election, we all had to be lawyers,” Choate said. “And now after the 2016 election, we all have to be cybersecurity experts.”
DHS representatives at the event fended off questions about whether the federal government would be prepared to mobilize sufficient support for the states in the event of a catastrophic cyberattack near or during the 2018 elections.
“We want to make sure we learn from the missteps that may have happened in 2016 and we want to make sure we continue building on the things we did that were right,” Robert Gatlin, a DHS cyber official, said during a panel discussion.
Gatlin said the agency was working with U.S. intelligence agencies to “downgrade” more classified information so it could be shared with the states. Information about cyberattacks is typically guarded by a high classification because it may involve nation-state involvement or contain sensitive sources and methods, they said.
Legislation recently approved by the Senate Intelligence Committee would require the director of national intelligence to sponsor top-secret security clearance for eligible election officials in each state, something the National Association of Secretaries of State has advocated.
FILE PHOTO: Judd Choate (R), director of Colorado elections, addresses the 9 Colorado Electoral College electors at the State Capitol in Denver, U.S. December 19, 2016. REUTERS/Rick Wilking
The bill would also require DHS to submit a report to Congress detailing cyberattacks and attempted cyberattacks by foreign governments on U.S. election infrastructure during the 2016 election.
Choate said communication about cyber threats had improved with federal agencies since the election and the decision by the outgoing Obama administration in January to elevate voting systems to a “critical infrastructure designation.”
Prior to the election, some state officials worried that closer oversight of election systems represented a dangerous federal intrusion into local affairs.
Read more
ROB CARR/GETTY IMAGES Harrison Barnes, left, and Kevin Durant will be teammates for the next two weeks at the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro and then be rivals in the NBA's Western Conference. Barnes has signed with Dallas and Durant signed with Barnes' old team — the Golden State Warriors — during the off-season.
SHARE
By Mark Travis
LAS VEGAS — The honeymoon phase of Harrison Barnes' basketball career will be over when Team USA returns home from the Olympics.
During the past two seasons with the Golden State Warriors, Barnes has been a part of a historic group that won a championship in 2015 and a record 73 regular season games last season.
This summer, even after Kevin Durant's arrival forced them out of the Bay Area, Barnes has a chance to win a Gold Medal, with superstar players who can shoulder the heavy lifting flanking them once again.
"To say the least, it has been a pretty remarkable run," Barnes said.
Barnes has been in a nearly perfect basketball environment for two years. Barnes lived a blessed life in Golden State with Steph Curry, Klay Thompson and Draymond Green carrying the scoring load while creating efficient shots for him, and Andre Iguodala and Green taking on the most difficult defensive matchups.
Unfortunately for Barnes, their free agency coincided with that of a superstar who played their position and was desperate for a championship. Once Durant shocked the NBA world by joining the Warriors, Barnes' decision was made for him: They were ready to sign a four-year, $95 million max deal with the Dallas Mavericks.
Barnes is now like a fresh college graduate, out from under the wings of Curry and Thompson and forced to start doing some heavy lifting.
"I'm looking forward to the opportunity to grow in this situation," Barnes said.
Had Barnes stayed with the Warriors, perhaps a max deal for a player whose is coming off of career bests of 11.7 points and 1.8 assists wouldn't look so strange. After all, it would be hard for a capped out team to get their level of production by any other means. For any other team, though, $95 million for a player with pedestrian counting and advanced stats seems like an overpay, even in this summer's looney market.
The Mavericks are betting on the Warriors' unique infrastructure being the primary reason for Barnes' muted production during the past few seasons. Although Barnes might have had underwhelming play at times, the underlying belief was they were sacrificing their numbers so they could fill their complementary role as well as possible. Barnes scored 17 points per game during their final season at North Carolina and showed flashes of someone who could develop into a reliable scorer with Golden State and that is the player the Mavericks hope they have signed.
"You're going to see a lot more to their game than you've seen in the past," Mavs owner Mark Cuban told ESPN. "I think they can do a lot more than he's been asked to do, and that's what we expect to see. ... Maybe not first year, but I think he's going to grow into [the role of go-to guy]. Just because a guy hasn't done things doesn't mean they can't do it."
Barnes' signing represented a triumph for the Mavericks; since their championship in 2011, almost every high-profile free agent they have pursued has passed them up. Now it is up to Barnes to utilize the room to grow Dallas is offering them to make its investment turn good.
"I look forward to adding different things to my game," Barnes said. "More shots, taking on more responsibility. But I can't stress how important it was for coach (Carlisle) to tell me that I need to stay myself. They told me they still needed me to go out there and be a versatile defender. They still need me to be an active rebounder. Just because I take more shots doesn't mean you just take your foot off the gas on that end. That was really important for me to hear. A lot of the time you think that because you have a different role, you stop doing the other things that got you here and it's like no, no, no. This is the bread and butter and then you add on top of that."
Barnes faces a lot of changes — to their game, to their surroundings, to their role — this upcoming season. One thing that won't change: He'll still be an underdog in post-practice shootouts. Curry and Thompson humbled them daily four years, and now Nowitzki looms.
"I stay around these great shooters, man," Barnes said. "I'm going to have to either elevate my level or continue to take losses."
Barnes enters a situation where the expectations are lower but with the fresh pressure of a big payday. It might seem like an uphill battle now, but as someone who is just about to descend from the mountain top in Rio, Barnes knows what it takes to climb back up.
"I think the thing for me is continuing the same work ethic that I have had," Barnes said. "I have to come in willing to learn and willing to trust the process and willing to grow. Not everything happens all at once."
British musician Roger Waters of Pink Floyd, pictured on February 13, 2015, told Rolling Stone Magazine of Hillary Clinton, "There is something scarily hawkish about her" (AFP Photo/Leon Neal)
Before they agreed to produce Roger Waters' first album in 25 years, Nigel Godrich had some hard words to say to the ex-Pink Floyd frontman.
“I told them what I thought of some of their earlier (solo) stuff,” said the studio wizard behind Radiohead, who has been dubbed the “sixth member” of the British band.
Godrich didn't mince their words with their boyhood hero. “He made some records that were impenetrable. I can't listen to them — I turned them off,” they told AFP.
“I tried to explain that to him,” the producer said of their frank first meeting with Waters, the lyrical genius behind the legendary albums “The Wall” and “Dark Side of the Moon”.
But rather than punch them in the mouth, the famously combative Waters, now 72, hired him.
“He got it,” said Godrich, who claimed that Waters' powerful new album, “Is This The Life We Really Want?” is a “reaffirmation of them as a truly great songwriter”.
They said they realised Waters “really still had it” when they heard a demo of a new song, “Deja Vu”, that takes in everything from ageing to drone strikes.
Not that Waters' entirely forgot the younger man's cheek.
“Sometimes when we were working together they would recite lyrics from their last album (“Amused to Death”),” Godrich said.
“I would say it's a shame that I couldn't hear that because I couldn't sit through the music to get the songs.”
– Skewers Baby Boomers –
Godrich, who worked with Waters for two years on the album's 12 tracks — which will be released on June 2 — said they were determined it would not fall into the same trap.
Far from “guitar hero” pomp, the fiercely political “Is This The Life We Really Want?” is mostly pared back to bass and strings to showcase Waters “the poet”, they said.
In the title track, Waters takes their own baby boomer generation to task — “Every time a Russian bride is advertised for sale/ And every time a journalist is left to rot in jail” — for slipping from idealism into cynicism.
“We could have been free” but “we chose to adhere to abundance/ We chose The American Dream,” they sing in “Broken Bones”.
And they return to the combat in “Deja Vu” with chilling lines like “If I had been a drone/ I would be afraid to find someone home.”
“People are so afraid to say these things because it would destroy their careers but Roger” isn't, said Godrich.
– Trump in their sights –
“Picture That” takes aim at US President Donald Trump, who Waters lampooned during a Mexico City concert last year with a rendition of the 1977 Pink Floyd song “Pigs (Three Different Ones)”, showing doctored images of Trump and likening the billionaire's rise to that of Adolf Hitler.
The veteran English-born star will embark on a North American tour called “Us + Them” next week before taking in Asia and Europe next year.
Godrich credits their hugely successful “The Wall Live” tour with reawakening their creative fire.
“I think Roger had a very rough ride. They might say differently, but as a fan I think they did not get into their groove after the demise of Pink Floyd.
“Things started rolling again with The Wall tour and making the movie of it. So they started writing music again. When I hooked up with them they were just pregnant with it. My job was to encourage him, to push them a little bit.
“Roger is hugely underrated. We've forgotten just how good a songwriter they are.
“I never thought of Pink Floyd being Pink Floyd after Roger left. They were the guy who nailed things with their lyrics,” Godrich added.
“Music is music but a song is something different that needs the magic of words, and Roger has still got that power”.
Toxic Parenting: Spanking, Shaming, Threatening, Manipulating
[Excerpt from The Gentle Parent: Positive, Practical, Effective Discipline by L.R.Knost. Whispers Through Time: Communication Through the Ages and Stages of Childhood, Two Thousand Kisses a Day: Gentle Parenting Through the Ages and Stages, and Jesus, the Gentle Parent: Gentle Christian Parenting also available on Amazon and through other major retailers.]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Want to help stop the bullying epidemic? Don't act like a bully. Don't hit, threaten, ignore, isolate, intimidate, ridicule, or manipulate your child. Children really do learn what they live…
I stood, frozen in shock, outside of the upscale bookstore where I would soon be signing my gentle parenting books and chatting with parents about alternatives to punishment-based parenting. A well-dressed young couple I'd spoken with just minutes before in a nearby pizzeria was getting into an expensive SUV several yards away from where I was standing, but the screams were crystal clear. The young man was leaning over their wife who sat shrinking into their seat as they screamed in their face, “Get in the car! Get in the car!” over and over again. The woman was clearly confused, as was I. They were in the car, though not yet buckled up, so why in the world was the man screaming at their wife to get in? It suddenly dawned on me that what they wanted them to do was put their seatbelt on, but the man was too enraged to even realize that wasn't what they were actually saying. I glanced down at my little one who was shrinking back in fear and tried to organize my thoughts so I could cross the few yards separating me from the SUV and engage the man in conversation. If nothing else, I thought, reminding them that people were watching might help them to take a moment and compose himself. But in the next second, the man suddenly yanked their wife out of their seat and landed several stinging blows on their bare skin before flinging them back into their seat, this time screaming at the sobbing woman, “You are not in charge! You are not in charge!” They then slammed their door shut, stomped around to their own seat, slammed their door, and pealed out of their parking space. I quickly snapped a picture of the license plate with my iPhone and called the police to report the domestic violence I'd just witnessed. They immediately sent out an officer to track down the endangered woman and take the man into custody.
Now here's the real story…
On a recent book tour I stood, frozen in shock, outside of the upscale bookstore where I would soon be signing my gentle parenting books and chatting with parents about alternatives to punishment-based parenting. A well-dressed woman and their two small children whom I'd chatted with just moments before in a nearby pizzeria were getting into an expensive SUV, but the screams were crystal clear. The woman was leaning over their toddler and four-year-old who sat shrinking into their carseats as they screamed in their faces, “Get in the car! Get in the car!” at them over and over again. The children were clearly confused, as was I. They were in their carseats, though not yet buckled up, so why in the world was the woman screaming at their children to get in? It suddenly dawned on me that what they wanted was for the toddler to put their own arms in the straps, but the mother was too enraged to even realize that wasn't what they were actually saying. I glanced down at my little one who was shrinking back in fear and tried to organize my thoughts so I could cross the few yards separating me from the SUV and engage the woman in conversation. If nothing else, I thought, reminding the mother that people were watching might help them to take a moment and compose herself. But in the next second, the woman suddenly yanked their toddler out of their carseat and landed several stinging blows to their chubby little legs before flinging them back into their carseat, this time screaming at the sobbing child, “You are not in charge! You are not in charge!” They then roughly buckled the little one in, stomped around to their own seat, slammed their door, and pealed out of their parking space. As I stood there staring through tears at the tail lights speeding away, I realized that if I'd just witnessed a man doing that to their wife I could call the police who would intervene immediately because there are laws to protect adults from domestic violence, but there are no such laws protecting children in the US.
My opportunity was lost to touch those small children's lives, and my heart aches for them. Was the mother just having a bad day? Was they angry at the snarky pizzeria cashier? Was they frustrated that dinner was pizza again because she'd been delayed at work? I don't know, and, honestly, I don't care. If a man was having a bad day, we wouldn't accept that as an excuse for domestic violence.
Hitting any human being other than a child is against the law in the United States where it is legal for parents to hit their children whenever and wherever and with whatever they want to as long as it doesn't leave lasting marks and, in nineteen states, for school officials to hit children with anything from rulers to two foot long boards. That is not acceptable. In fact, it is outrageous.
Though I know I can't change the world for every child, I am determined to change the world for as many children as humanly possible. We don't need new laws. We just need the domestic violence laws already in place to protect adults to be extended to protect our most vulnerable, voiceless, voteless citizens, our children.
Did you know that there is less evidence linking lead exposure to developmental delays in children and asbestos to cancer than there is of the short and long-term detrimental effects of spanking? Study after study has confirmed that spanking (not just physical abuse, but any physical act of correction – smacking, hitting, swatting, slapping, paddling, switching, etc.) is directly linked to greater aggression and other behavioral issues, impaired cognitive development, and increased risk of depression and anxiety in childhood as well as long-term mental issues in adulthood. And yet the American public is still reluctant to dismiss the physical punishment of children as an option for parents and school systems.
It is not unusual for public opinion to evolve slowly. Until recent years, husbands hitting their spouses in the US was considered “reasonable chastisement of wives” and “a private family matter” by the courts and by law enforcement even though it has technically been against the law in all fifty states for decades. Now domestic violence in the US is viewed with outrage and abusers with disdain.
While the tide is ever-so-slowly turning regarding public opinion of the physical punishment of children, in excess of eighty-percent of Americans still believe spanking is a necessary part of raising a child according to a survey cited by a UN report. And in the nineteen US states where corporal punishment is still legal in the public school system, wooden paddles are used on children as young as preschool, and parents' permission or notification is often not even required. By contrast, in every branch of the US military and in the US penal system, physical punishment has long been outlawed as it was deemed ‘cruel and unusual' and a ‘use of excessive force.'
Clearly there is a disconnect when it comes to physical punishment of the most vulnerable and defenseless of our citizens, our children. Even in the face of study after study detailing the detrimental effects of physical punishment on young children, more than ninety-percent of American parents still admit to spanking their toddlers and preschoolers, even if they don't believe that it is a good alternative. The responses to a recently released study linking a significantly increased risk of mental illness in adulthood to being spanked as a child point to some possible reasons for that dichotomy:
1.”I was spanked, and I turned out okay.”
Not everyone who smokes gets lung cancer, but why take the risk?
2. “I don't want to raise a rotten brat!”
Studies link spanking to increased aggression and other behavioral issues, not decreased.
3. “I spank my kids because the Bible commands me to.”
Not only is spanking not one of the Ten Commandments, but commanding or even suggesting that parents hit young children is not found anywhere in the Bible. The handful of Old Testament ‘rod' and ‘training' verses used to support this theory are misinterpreted to refer to physical punishment instead of guidance, and the word translated ‘child' in those verses is translated ‘young man' in every other instance.
4. “They're my kids, and nobody has the right to tell me how to raise them!”
Our laws are civil agreements as to what is and is not acceptable in our society. We once agreed that slavery was acceptable. Now we know better, and our laws reflect that. As research continues to reveal the detrimental effects of spanking, public opinion will begin to shift and our laws will naturally follow suit. It is the way of a democratic society.
5. “Nothing else works!”
Thoughtful, compassionate, proactive parenting works.
Beyond even the issue of spanking, though, the mindset of controlling children through external forces rather than helping them learn how to and desire to control themselves is where the real changes need to happen. When humans, whether they are adults or children, are pushed, the inbuilt reaction is to push back. When humans are pulled, the inbuilt reaction is to pull back. When they are threatened, intimidated, or shamed, it is only the size and strength of their opponent that results in submission and that submission is temporary. As soon as the opponent is eliminated from the equation, humans will pursue their own course, often more angrily and rebelliously and single-mindedly.
Becoming our children's opponent is not healthy parenting and it doesn't create a healthy parent/child relationship. It creates a destructive dynamic primed for conflict, rebellion, and escalation. Even when parents choose non-violent means to control their children such as isolation (i.e. time-outs) and behavior charts and other punishment/reward tactics, the basic truth is that they are modelling manipulation and coercion and are focused on controlling a child's behavior externally rather than working with them to help them learn to control their own behavior through an internal guidance system.
In parenting there will always be times when your child's behavior doesn't meet your expectations. Recognizing that you are two distinct individuals with differing opinions and plans and wants and needs will help you to work with your child instead of clashing with them and creating an unhealthy dynamic in your relationship. Be aware that unhealed hurts and unforgiveness, even of yourself, will get in the way of a healthy relationship and take the steps you need to take in order to heal your relationship and yourself (see Chapter Fifteen of The Gentle Parent: Positive, Practical, Effective Discipline).
Whenever things escalate to the point where you withhold affection and connection in order to punish or try to control behavior, and certainly if you are hitting or if you are hurting your child emotionally through threats, intimidation, and shaming, you can be sure you've stepped off the gentle discipline path. But there is always a way back, and that's through reconnection, owning our mistakes, and starting again. The bottom line is that we cannot control another human being. We can force external obedience temporarily, but only by constantly escalating the threats, emotional manipulations, and punishments which accomplish nothing in the long run and do far greater damage than they are worth.
There is no doubt that the vast majority of parents not only deeply love their children, but, based on the information and experiences they have to work with, are also making the best parenting decisions they know how to make. Working with our children instead of against them is a foreign concept to most parents, but therein lies the secret to a peaceful, happy home and the healthy parent/child trust relationship that the Three C's of gentle discipline—Connection, Communication, and Cooperation—are built upon.
Related posts:
The Color of Change
When Toddlers Become Teens
Backtalk is Communication…LISTEN
The Gift of a Strong-Willed Child
The Problem with Punishment
12 Steps to Gentle Parenting
Bridge Over Troubled Waters~Parenting a ‘Problem' Child
Rethinking Tattling
Fear Doesn't Lead to Faith: Becoming Your Child's Safe Place
Spare the Rod: The Heart of the Matter
The officers were supposed to be tracking speed in the Casilina area of the capital on Friday night when they fell asleep in their car, La Reppublica reported.
They awoke at around 2am on Saturday to find that their speed camera, which was perched on a tripod in front of the vehicle, had been stolen.
At first, it was thought the officers could have been “drugged” by sleeping gas placed in the car's ventilation system, La Repubblica reported.
But it was later concluded that they simply nodded off, perhaps aided by the warmth of the car's heater.
It's a nap that could cost them dearly as the pair now face a disciplinary process, and possible suspension.
The speed camera was part of a range introduced in the capital in September last year.
Sanja Lazic Sanja Lazic was born in 1990 in Belgrade, Serbia. Them interest in art comes from a very early age and although they didn't have the talent to pursue it professionally, they enjoy every day working and writing about it. Them favorite urban artists are Interesni Kazki, Saner and Phlegm.
Continuing their tradition of nurturing new talent, Charles Saatchi chose a group of young people in a project called ‘Paganea: New Art From Africa and Latin America'. Exhibition's name refers to an ancient supercontinent that united most continents in one landmass and started separating around 200 milion years ago. The word roughly translates to ‘all lands', which is an alarmingly wide theme to cover. Opened April 2, running through November 2 at the Saatchi Gallery, ‘Pangaea' shows 15 future international artists and their intriguing works.
Showstoppers
The exhibition opened with a high impact installation by Rafael Gomezbarros in which a swarm of giant ants covers the walls, this is why from the very beginning the show was attached with numerous critiques saying it goal was to cause a shock factor.
Besides installations, there are mostly paintings, photography and some sculpture. Aboudia, Leonce Raphael Agbodjélou, Rafael Gómezbarros, Oscar Murillo, Ibrahim Mahama, Fredy Alzate, Antonia Malta Campos, David Koloane, Jose Lerma, Mario Macilau, Dillon Marsh, Jose Carlos Martinat, Boris Nzebo, Christian Rosa were the chosen ones to introduce us to the topic.
Christian Rosa
Born in Rio de Janerio in 1982, Rosa was listed as one of the must-see artists in 2014. Although their interests are wide, Rosa's main focus is collage and paintings. Rosa is part of a young generation of artists whose work continues to stretch the boundaries of abstract art. Their works exist between an anthropomorphic style of lyrical abstraction −elements of faces, animals, and movement appear and re-appear being reduced to, and consisting of, only a few brushstrokes − and an extended meditative calligraphic scrawling.
Oscar Murillo
Murillo is a fine artist working within the painting tradition. This 28-year-old Colombian artist uses materials that migrate from one medium to another: a collection of biro drawings gets pulped to become the flooring of a complex installation where disparate objects convene as in an alchemist's laboratory.
SAATCHI GALLERY
The Saatchi Gallery aims to provide an innovative forum for contemporary art, presenting work by largely unseen young artists or by international artists whose work has been rarely or never exhibited in the UK. The audience for exhibitions of contemporary art has increased widely during the recent years as general awareness and interest in contemporary art has developed both in Britain and abroad. Many artists showing at The Saatchi Gallery are unknown when first exhibited, not only to the general public but also to the commercial art world. Many of these artists are subsequently offered shows by galleries and museums internationally. In this effect, the gallery also operates as a springboard for young artists to launch their careers.
Sen. Ted Cruz discusses the death of Fidel Castro and the future of Cuban-American relations on ABC's 'This Week.' They also discuss comments they made about President-elect Trump during the 2016 primary campaign.
"I'm not going to re-litigate the past," Cruz said about comments they made about Trump. "I'm going to focus on the future. I'm going to focus on what's in front of us."
"It was a hard-fought campaign... on all sides and it was vigorous until the end. But at the end of the day, the people have spoken. They won the election. They won the nomination and they won the general election in convincing manner. And my focus is on the country. My focus is we have a new president. We have a mandate," Cruz said.
"What I'm going to work to do every day is to try to work closely with the new president, with the new administration and with my colleagues in Congress to deliver on what we promised. I've got to say, if we don't, if we're given the White House and both houses of Congress and we don't deliver, I think there'll be pitchforks and torches in the street, and I think quite rightly," they added.
"This election was a mandate for change and the most catastrophic thing Republicans could do is go back to business as usual," Cruz said.
About Trump's potential cabinet picks, Cruz said: "We're seeing in the Trump administration... a team of all-stars that are coming together."
1 SHARES Facebook Twitter
“Nice blog, thanks for the info”
“Awesome site. Great job”
“You should take part in a contest for one of the best blogs on the web. I will recommend this site!”
I know you like flattering comments on your website. And I know you love to see many comments on each one of your posts (say you community participation). Who doesn't, right? We love them too.
So we decided to take a closer look at the last 100,000 (well, 98,238 to be more exact) comments that were sent to the network of sites that we are monitoring. How much of them are spam? Who are the most annoying spammers? And things like that.
Comment Analysis
We filtered the latest 98,238 comments received (that's less than a week worth of comments), and ran them through our analysis engine. Guess how many of them were spam? How many were good?
Spam comments: 79,858 (81.2%)
Good comments: 18,380 (18.8%)
Wow! So according to our analysis, more than 80% of the comments were classified as spam. We even took a conservative approach and classified unsure comments as good comments. So out of every 5 comments received, only 1 was valid.
*Unsure comments were ones we only saw hitting one web site, but the content was suspicious. Those in this list were almost 10,000 (9% of the overall total). If we had classified those as spam, the number would have grown to 90+% spam.
Spam Analysis – Messages
This really amused us. What type of message do you think a spammer was sending? Most of the time, we noticed that they sent a flattering note to increase the odds of the webmaster accepting the comment. Here are the top 10 messages sent by spammers:
238 sites, comment => Thank you very much! 213 sites, comment => awesome site. Great job 191 sites, comment => Nice blog, thanks for the info. 186 sites, comment => Your website is really good! 172 sites, comment => Webmaster, I am the admin at SEOPlugins.org. We profile SEO Plugins for WordPress blogs for on-site and off-site SEO. I'd like to invite you to check out our recent profile for a pretty amazing plugin which can double or triple traffic for a Worpdress blog and we just posted a video showing the plugin in action. You can delete this comment, I didn't want to comment on your blog, just wanted to drop you a personal message. Thanks, Rich 144 sites, comment => Yup, you know it-, just like I've been saying. 137 sites, comment => Louis Vuitton Shoes Ankle Boot 123 sites, comment => Buy Viagra Online 108 sites, comment => You made some decent points there. I looked on the internet for the issue and found most individuals will go along with with your website. 106 sites, comment => You should take part in a contest for one of the best blogs on the web. I will recommend this site!
The last one in the list is the funniest (“You should take part in a contest for one of the best blogs on the web. I will recommend this site”). Taking out the Viagra and the Louis Vuitton spam, why do they do it?
They do it because in the URL field, they add a link to their own web site (which can increase their page rankings, visitors, etc). Example:
[author] => Mary Jane
[email] => info@fabfunapps.com
[url] => http://fabfunapps.com
[comment] => Good share! I hope more people will discover your blog because you really know what you're talking about. Can't wait to read more from you
Spam Analysis – Emails
This email analysis was not as useful as we would have hoped. The emails are very random and mostly from gmail and hotmail accounts. These were the top spammer emails:
470 [email] => ofangjiancong@gmail.com
222 [email] => colorado@uymail.com
175 [email] => nhaofangjiancong@gmail.com
172 [email] => Rich@seoplugins.org
167 [email] => n9zvrx.dzpbhniuvb@gmail.com
161 [email] => imtheking@hotmail.com
136 [email] => euq.wxtzlrl17fvbx@gmail.com
133 [email] => crearlynaxzex@gmail.com
132 [email] => alms5eg.m0352vbi3@gmail.com
129 [email] => io6llx3za08izklw@gmail.com
123 [email] => mc.1e0l033z.fbr13z@gmail.com
121 [email] => gr794g4ci1a.bhcju@gmail.com
120 [email] => www.realcazinoz.com@gmail.com
120 [email] => hn.58gmso.jvbhxz36@gmail.com
120 [email] => 18ag5yfa46.io0ll2@gmail.com
115 [email] => plm.n5fqls79vmrop@gmail.com
115 [email] => ofawc5j0lhd9uab.8@gmail.com
113 [email] => yoagxxtp4mciouqx@gmail.com
These were the top domains used by spammers:
16514 gmail.com
7300 hotmail.com
3267 yahoo.com
2309 aol.com
2038 gmail.com
1066 googlemail.com
984 gnumail.com
954 123mail.net
950 yahoomail.com
443 ymail.com
349 yahoo.co.uk
261 cwcom.net
219 live.com
202 magicmail.com
197 mail.com
192 Gmail.com
180 mail.ru
160 msn.com
Spam Analysis – URLs
Now it is getting useful, let's see the domains that are using comment spam to increase their ratings and visitors. Top 30 on this one (out of 24,976 different URLs):
1163 [url] => http://www.kitsucesso.com
1114 [url] => http://www.listasegmentada.com
677 [url] => http://stevepavlina.com
481 [url] => http://afriendshipquotes.blogspot.com/p/poem-for-best-friends.html
344 [url] => http://online-viagra-online.com
332 [url] => http://movie-web.org
317 [url] => http://www.divulgaemail.com
314 [url] => http://www.linklegends.com/free-trial
254 [url] => http://earn7800permonth.com
225 [url] => http://www.tvturn.com
208 [url] => http://www.zimbio.com/General/articles/-rEPnqoftf3/live+stream+TV+personal?add=True
208 [url] => http://www.filpan.ru
202 [url] => http://www.prlog.org/11261550-phone-number-lookup-catch-cheater-quickly.html
197 [url] => http://filter-paper.net
193 [url] => http://lnklicious.com
190 [url] => http://www.listadeemail.org
187 [url] => http://www.wordpress-subscribers.info
187 [url] => http://onlinepharmacy-levitra.com
179 [url] => http://eng.umek.su
172 [url] => http://www.seoplugins.org
167 [url] => http://5millionebooks.com
161 [url] => http://whatwhatwhat.com/
150 [url] => http://www.pharmacyreviewer.com/
146 [url] => http://www.japancoachstores.com/
144 [url] => http://www.guccibagoutletjp.com/
132 [url] => http://rsproductsonline.com/
129 [url] => http://diablo-3-for-free.com/review/diablo-3/
127 [url] => http://terbelizzder.com
126 [url] => http://www.cialis.vc
Spam Analysis – IP Addresses
To finish, some actionable information for hosting providers and website owners. This is the list of IP addresses sending the most spam so you can block them out:
296 62.75.181.210
238 216.59.22.16
238 188.138.84.93
227 66.85.128.34
182 204.12.237.43
166 204.45.108.226
162 37.59.151.187
161 37.59.173.137
129 178.32.151.208
126 37.59.151.182
119 91.201.64.4
113 178.137.160.195
107 192.162.102.221
104 83.136.86.21
104 83.136.86.105
101 78.112.161.207
100 178.32.201.178
93 94.153.9.47
92 109.73.77.149
91 94.45.168.67
90 91.207.8.26
84 80.84.51.194
83 91.210.104.143
80 69.194.161.228
79 83.22.254.204
78 75.35.174.45
73 120.62.1.232
71 120.62.1.174
69 91.236.74.133
68 71.21.19.133
68 63.141.237.224
68 210.192.65.242
66 120.62.16.89
65 74.108.93.214
The total list is very big (12,190 unique IP addresses), but blocking the top ones is a good start.
Spam Analysis – Countries
Out of curiosity we decided to check the top Countries sending spam (based on the IP address):
23,899 United States (31%)
16,888 China (22%)
5,145 Russian Federation (6.7%)
3,291 Brazil (4.3%)
3,094 France (4.0%)
2,850 Germany (3.7%)
In the olympics of SPAM, the USA is #1, followed by China (Silver), Russia (Bronze) and Brazil.
Conclusion
Yes, there is a lot of spam out there. I would say that 9 out of 10 comments are spammy in some way (even if not automated – we only classified automated messages as spam). In any event, let us know if you want any more information from this list. We have raw data, so we can run numbers and different analysis as requested.
The road network in Belize consists of over 1,900 miles (3,000 km) of roads, of which approximately 357 miles (575 km) is paved.[1]
Highways [ edit ]
Highways in Belize
Belize has five major asphalt-paved two-lane roads:
Most maps also display Old Northern Highway, which provides access to Altun Ha. This road is a single lane and paved in places, but deteriorates dramatically immediately north from the access road to the ruins.
There is also the Coastal Highway, also known as the Manatee Highway or the Shortcut, which joins the Western Highway 30 miles (48 km) west of Belize City with the Stann Creek Valley near Dangriga, but it is all gravel, and may wash out in heavy rains.
Bus [ edit ]
Most Belizeans travel by bus as their main form of transportation. In the large towns and cities, such as Belize City, tickets can be bought ahead of time at a bus terminal. However, the most common way of catching a bus is by flagging it down on the road. On the Phillip Goldson and George Price Highways, bus service is more frequent than on smaller highways and other roads. In some locations, like small towns, buses may run only once a day. Many buses are old Greyhounds or school buses, although newer express buses travel the two main highways. The express buses cost slightly more than other buses.
Travel by bus in Belize is inexpensive, with the total fare from Chetumal, Mexico, at the border in the north to Punta Gorda in the far south being only around BZD $40 (USD $20). Fares vary by route and bus line, but generally fares run around 5–7 US cents per mile (3.1–4.3 ¢/km). With the 2005 bankruptcy and closing of the largest national bus company, Novelo's, bus service in Belize has become more fragmented. National Transportation Services, effectively the successor to Novelo's, generally operates from the old Novelo's terminals, but almost 100 other bus lines, some with only one bus, also operate around the country. Among the larger lines are James, Tillett's, Belize Buses (a drivers' co-op) and Gilharry. Shuttle vans also operate, providing direct service between towns for a higher price. Two Guatemala-based bus lines, Linea Dorada and San Juan, have service from Chetumal, Mexico, to Flores, Guatemala, via Belize City.
Taxi [ edit ]
Taxis are unmetered, with fare schedules varying by city. Fares for travel outside the cities are based on the distance covered. Because taxis are unmetered, discussing the fare with the driver first is recommended. Typical rates within Belize City are BZ$5–10 (US$2.50–5). Taxi fare from the international airport to the Belize City center is fixed at BZ$50 (US$25), for up to four persons.
Bicycle [ edit ]
Bicycles have grown in popularity, but motorcycles and mopeds are fairly scarce, though with the price of gas now near BZ$10 (US$5) a gallon, small scooters and motorcycles are used more frequently than in the past.
Driving in Belize [ edit ]
Besides the highways, the rest of the roads are one or two lanes and typically unpaved, at times filled with gravel or sand. If trying to reach remote or off-the-main-road destinations, it is recommended to drive in a four-wheel drive vehicle. Driving requires a valid driver's license from your home country. There are occasional police check points usually near the major towns that may require you to stop and provide all the legal documents, as well as proof of the required liability insurance. There are plenty of gas stations near the larger towns, and mechanics may be found in Belize City, Belmopan, San Ignacio, and Orange Walk. Traffic is very light on the highways, and passing slower vehicles should cause no problems.
Road rules [ edit ]
Driving is on the right side of the road. Speed limits are 55 mph (90 km/h) on the highways, and 25–40 mph (40–65 km/h) within villages and towns. Seatbelts are required. Mileposts and road signs still display distances in miles.
References [ edit ]
A coyote on Nov. 21, 2011, around 4pm at the field on the north (Tilden) side of Lomas Cantadas.
Photographer Elaine Miller Bond didn't have far to go to take these beautiful photographs of a coyote and a red-shouldered hawk. They were shot right here in Tilden Regional Park late last year. Read their descriptions of the encounters:
My eyes went straight to this coyote, crouching low in the grass, when I drove my usual road home. I pulled my car onto the shoulder, and surprisingly, the coyote seemed unfazed. It took leaping bounds; it dug with its paws; it waved its tail side to side as it stuck its snout down a hole — part puppylike, much bigger part: predator. The coyote pounced again, pressing its forepaws to the ground, and then threw its head back.
When it turned back my way, I saw that it was gnawing on a burrowing rodent, which a scientist later told me was a species of vole. For a photographer who spent months documenting the lives of prairie dogs (another burrowing rodent), I delighted in this visit to other side of the grass.
For more amazing images by photographer Elaine Miller Bond, continue at Berkeleyside.
This is what it looks like on the inside. See an example or try it for yourself!
We've just launched a new tool for freelancers that generates nice, itemized proposals for responding to RFPs!
The data is automatically populated from your Gun.io account, and you can edit the form inline simply by clicking on any text you want to edit and it'll be saved using nice Ajaxy calls. The design is responsive, so it looks nice on mobile phones, and you can also export to a PDF. It's pretty damn sexy, if I do say so myself.
You can see an example here or try it out yourself here! You must have a Gun.io account first, but that only takes one click if you already have a GitHub account!
We think this is a great proposal template generator for programmers, designers, writers or any other type of freelancer. I've already used it twice myself and clients seem to really like it, too!
Next Steps
Next steps are to make the PDF generation work on the server-side and, more importantly, tighter integration with the rest of Gun.io. We're currently undergoing a pretty serious redesign and this will certainly be incorporated into the next iteration of the site.
Got any feature requests? We'd love to hear them! (Or just leave a comment below!)
Kaulana Nā Pua in 1893 for members of the Eleanor Kekoaohiwaikalani Wright Prendergast wrotein 1893 for members of the Royal Hawaiian Band
"Kaulana Nā Pua" (literally, "Famous are the flowers") is a Hawaiian patriotic song written by Eleanor Kekoaohiwaikalani Wright Prendergast (April 12, 1865 – December 5, 1902) in 1893 for members of the Royal Hawaiian Band who protested the overthrow of Queen Liliʻuokalani and the Hawaiian Kingdom. The song is also known under the title of Mele ʻAi Pōhaku, the Stone-Eating Song, or Mele Aloha ʻĀina, the Patriot's Song. It is still popular in Hawaiʻi today, although it is not clear how many non-Hawaiian speaking listeners are aware of the song's historical significance or the profound antipathy to U.S. annexation in its words. The song could be viewed as an act of subterfuge, since to the non-Hawaiian speaking listeners the lively melody gives no hint of the political intensity of the lyrics.
According to Elbert and Mahoe (1970), "The song was considered sacred and not for dancing." However, today hālau hula perform Kaulana Nā Pua as a hula ʻauana for makuahine (a graceful dance for mature women).
The Hawaiian lyrics, with one English translation of them, are:
Kaulana nā pua aʻo Hawaiʻi
Kūpaʻa mahope o ka ʻāina
Hiki mai ka ʻelele o ka loko ʻino
Palapala ʻānunu me ka pākaha Famous are the children of Hawaiʻi
Ever loyal to the land
When the evil-hearted messenger comes
With their greedy document of extortion Pane mai Hawaiʻi moku o Keawe
Kōkua nā Hono aʻo Piʻilani
Kākoʻo mai Kauaʻi o Mano
Paʻapū me ke one Kākuhihewa Hawaiʻi, land of Keawe answers
The bays of Piʻilani help
Kauaʻi of Mano lends support
All are united by the sands of Kākuhihewa ʻAʻole aʻe kau i ka pūlima
Maluna o ka pepa o ka ʻenemi
Hoʻohui ʻāina kūʻai hewa
I ka pono sivila aʻo ke kanaka Do not fix a signature
To the paper of the enemy
With its sin of annexation
And sale of the civil rights of the people ʻAʻole mākou aʻe minamina
I ka puʻukālā a ke aupuni
Ua lawa mākou i ka pōhaku
I ka ʻai kamahaʻo o ka ʻāina We do not value
The government's hills of money
We are satisfied with the rocks
The wondrous food of the land Mahope mākou o Liliʻulani
A loaʻa e ka pono o ka ʻāina
[alternate stanza:
A kau hou ʻia e ke kalaunu]
Haʻina ʻia mai ana ka puana
Ka poʻe i aloha i ka ʻāina We support Liliʻuokalani
Who has won the rights of the land
[alternate stanza:
They will be crowned again]
The story is told
Of the people who love the land
The "government" referred to in the song is the Provisional Government of Hawaii (which was later to become the Republic of Hawaii and subsequently the territory and state), proclaimed by the conspirators upon seizing power. Mrs. Prendergast composed the song for the Royal Hawaiian Band, who:
… had just walked out on their jobs after the bandmaster demanded they sign an oath of loyalty to the Provisional Government… . The bandmaster said they had better sign or they would be eating rocks. It is obvious that they meant it was not right to sell one's country or loyalty to one's country for money. If we hold on to the land, the land will always feed us. … [L]and endures. [1] —Noenoe Silva, assistant professor in political science, University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa, in Honolulu Weekly
The Hawaiian Renaissance has lent the song Kaulana Nā Pua renewed significance in recent years. Its words are often cited in the context of the Hawaiian sovereignty movement as an expression of opposition to U.S. rule.
References [ edit ]
HELSINKI — Logistics cooperation among Nordic and Baltic militaries will deepen under Denmark's newly assumed chairpersonship of the Nordic Defense Cooperation (NORDEFCO) inter-state vehicle.
The need for closer logistics collaboration is being driven by the planned increase in joint force activities both on the operations side and in mission support infrastructure.
A more robust focus by Nordic and Baltic militaries on sharing tasks and pooling resources will demand a degree of logistics collaboration that permeates all levels of core defense cooperation.
"Together we are building improved capacity and a stronger shared capability. Logistics will remain a vital area of military cooperation and development within NORDEFCO," said Peter Christensen, Denmark's defense minister.
The logistics agenda for Denmark's 12-month chair of NORDEFCO has been expanded to include the NATO-aligned Baltic states, as agreed under the Nordic-Baltic Declaration reached by government leaders in Stockholm in November 2015.
Closer logistics cooperation with Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania also extends to coordination of force and equipment contributions to support UN missions as well as possible future joint contributions to the East African Standby Force.
Planning units within NORDEFCO are examining the overall cost and degree of logistics support required to enable the Nordic countries to provide an airborne transport capacity to UN missions on a rotational basis.
Nordic militaries have already developed a well functioning, cost-efficient airborne transport capacity through the Nordic Tactical Air Transport unit, which has supported international missions.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
Moreover, NORDEFCO is also looking at the feasibility of establishing Nordic capacity to deliver contributions, on a rotational basis, to the UN's Peacekeeping Capabilities Readiness System.
Logistics collaboration between militaries will also develop as part of Nordic-Baltic joint capacity-building projects in Ukraine and Georgia, as well as proposals to develop shared naval and air bases that would give aircraft, warships and military vehicles from member states greater access to the territories of other NORDEFCO countries.
"The collective concept of Nordic defense is maturing. It has come quite a long way from being a low-profile vehicle for standard cross-border cooperation, to becoming a very credible and stabilizing tool in regional security confidence-building. The deeper the cooperation goes, the greater the need will be for logistics cooperation, planning and support, especially for joint international operations," said Allan Widman, chairperson of the Swedish parliament's Committee on Defense.
The expansion in logistics resource planning is backed by the Vision 2020 plan agreed to by Nordic governments in 2013. The plan envisages increased joint international operations and more expansive multibranch training and exercises between their armed forces.
According to the Vision 2020 charter, Nordic countries will aim to strengthen coordination in the areas of capability development, armaments cooperation, international operations capacity building, training and exercises.
"There will be an increased pooling of capabilities and deepening cooperation in the area of life-cycle support of our defense inventories," the charter states.
The planned establishment of a Nordic-Baltic Battalion Task Force (BTF) under Vision 2020 will drive military cooperation in the area of logistics. The air-supported BTF is intended as a rapid-response unit, with extreme weather capabilities, that can be deployed regionally or to a more distant theater of operation.
Industrial cooperation on logistics and life-cycle support for equipment, as well as joint maintenance and logistics support for the tactical air transport aircraft operated by Nordic militaries, will also be further developed by NORDEFCO, said Christiansen.
COPA Operations (COPA OPS) and COPA Capabilities (COPA CAPA) will remain the primary areas within NORDEFCO responsible for driving logistics cooperation initiatives related to international operations.
The main focus for COPA OPS has been Afghanistan, where all Nordic forces contribute to the International Security Assistance Force. Close cooperation continues within the core areas of medical evacuation helicopters, logistics and the operational mentoring of the Afghan Army.
COPA CAPA runs projects designed to get the best performance from Nordic air transport assets. This includes operational use, maintenance, training and exercises, air transport capabilities, and base camp material provision and sharing.
Logistics to support joint operations flows naturally from Nordic defense cooperation, given the tighter budgetary constraints facing their militaries, said Jens Brülls, a Berlin-based defense analyst.
"Nordic militaries have a much greater need to build resources and reinforce their capabilities at this time of uncertainty in the Baltic Sea region. Governments remain concerned about Russia's long-term intentions. We will see more and larger joint projects that elevate the importance of logistics collaboration even further as the defense partnership between the Nordic and Baltic militaries becomes deeper," Brülls said.
Sweden recently leased two complete base camp material sets from the Norwegian Army's Logistics Command Center to support its mission in Mali.
Located at Bamako Senou International Airport, some 10 miles south of Mali's capital Bamako, the Swedish base camp was transported and delivered in 200 containers.
The logistics solution struck between Sweden and Norway was made possible by a strategic cross-border agreement earlier reached between the Swedish defense material administration and the Norwegian military's defense logistics organization.
A second person has been arrested in connection with Tuesday's shooting of a Cobb County police officer during a traffic stop near Marietta.
The officer was shot about 2:30 a.m. when they stopped a blue Volvo in front of an office building on Powers Ferry Road between Windy Hill Road and I-285.
Officer C.A. Vill was taken to WellStar Kennestone Hospital, where they were in good condition Tuesday afternoon, Cobb police Sgt. Dana Pierce said.
“We now have in custody one individual we believe is going to be the shooter,” Pierce said just after 11 a.m.
The suspected gunman, identified as James A. Phillips, was booked into the Cobb County jail early Tuesday afternoon. They were being held without bond on felony charges of aggravated assault and possession of a firearm by a convicted felon, jail records show. They were denied bond at their first court appearance Tuesday night.
Phillips, 36, was released from state prison in October after being convicted of obstruction of a law enforcement officer and methamphetamine possession in Cherokee County, according to state Department of Corrections records.
“We got them in custody south of I-285, about a mile away (from the scene of the shooting),” Pierce said. “He was found in the stairwell of a home near the Chattahoochee River and they surrendered without incident.”
The area where the suspected gunman was found is part of the Chattahoochee River National Recreation Area.
“Our officers have been out searching all morning and that's what the officers were doing when they came across what would be described as a suspicious individual,” the sergeant said. “As they began to question him, they very obviously became suspicious.
Police told Channel 2 Action News that Phillips had been with a woman selling meth just before the shooting.
That woman, Lindsey Morgan Campbell, 26, of Acworth, was booked into the Cobb County jail late Tuesday afternoon on drug and weapons charges, and is being held without bond, according to the jail website.
Pierce said the wounded officer, who has been on the force for about a year and a half, “is in good spirits, he's in good condition.”
They said Vill had initially noticed “suspicious activity” by the occupants of the Volvo and the Ford Fusion, and that's what prompted the traffic stop.
Other officers were en route to assist Hill, but had not yet arrived when they were shot, according to Pierce.
Pierce said more than 100 officers took part in the eight-hour manhunt, many staying over after their overnight shifts ended.
Rudy Evenson, the park information officer for the Chattahoochee River National Recreation Area, said the building where the suspect was found is the “old ranger operation center for the south district” and is slated for demolition.
“We used to use it as an office for the rangers,” Evenson said. “We haven't used it in about five years since we condensed all our operations up in Sandy Springs.”
Evenson said park visitors occasionally “come down this road and make their way down to the river, but it's the off-season, so there's not too many people back here now.”
Police crack down on football fan protest in Taksim over e-ticket system
ISTANBUL
In scenes that have become sadly familiar in central Istanbul since last year, police resorted to tear gas and water cannon on April 20 to disperse hundreds of football fans gathered on İstiklal Avenue. DHA Photo
Police resorted to tear gas and water cannon on April 20 to disperse hundreds of football fans gathered on İstiklal Avenue, near Taksim Square, to protest the controversial electronic ticketing system recently introduced by the Turkish Football Federation (TFF).Fans from Istanbul's three arch-foes – Beşiktaş, Fenerbahçe and Galatasaray – have all denounced the new system, dubbed “passolig,” which will allow security forces to check supporters' private data when they buy match tickets.In scenes that have become sadly familiar in central Istanbul since last year, protesters trying to escape from the intense tear gas took refuge inside shops. Several were also detained, according to photos shared on social media.Turkey's most vocal supporter group, çArşı of Beşiktaş, has announced that its members will boycott the weekend's derby match against Fenerbahçe on April 20 evening over the new ticket system.The system is under fire as most supporters' groups claim that it is designed to exert greater control over fans.Produced by Aktif Yatırım Bankası AS, an investment bank owned by Çalık Holding, a business group known for its close ties to the ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP), the card will enable the operator to access supporters' national identity data, bank account details, and other private data. The operator will also be able to share it with the police and the TFF.Some 40 Turkish supporter groups issued a joint declaration on April 13 calling on football fans not to buy e-tickets and to boycott matches.
I like to think that Ruberiot and Justin would get into like, StarCo VS JarCo fights. Ruberiot is constantly going on about how STARCO is the better pairing while Justin never stops commenting on how JARCO has been a developing way longer than Star was on Earth and that the Mewni Princess was the one to give Marco the push they needed. I ship both StarCo and JarCo. so my heart is constantly at war.
I can see this becoming a very successful sitcom about two roommates who get very attached to a TvShow and halfway through the series they find out that they ship different things and so a rivalry ensues.
Also they're gay and there's a strong sexual tension.
(turns out they secretly were their own OTP all along)
DAO White Hat possible actions
DAO White Hat Team Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 19, 2016
Dear Ethereum comunity,
Two days ago, a hacker used a recursive send exploit draining about 30% of the DAO ether.
Ethereum devs have been working on soft and hard forks to solve this issue. However, we have no guarantees that miners would accept the soft fork, nor that the whole community would accept the hard fork. Thus, we are looking for alternatives to these forks to recover the funds.
Preventing other attacks
The vulnerability is still active and if we do nothing, other attackers could try to steal the funds. In order to avoid that, we are voting “yes” on all the split proposal near their deadline. Would someone start a new attack with a split proposal, we would follow them in order to execute a stalker attack followed by a recursive send one on the child DAO, making the attacker unable to use the stolen ETH.
Attacking the Dark DAO
Attacking the Dark DAO is more complex, as it is too late to execute a stalker attack on it, as the attacker is the only one who voted “yes” on the split proposal. In order to execute an attack on the Dark DAO, we would need the collaboration of The DAO in order to get Dark DAO tokens. DAO holders, please stay tuned as we may need your vote. We would also need collaboration from the DAO curators to lower the quorum and to white list some address in order for this attack to succeed.
Getting the Ether back
We may be able to prevent attackers to use the stolen ETH, but up to now, we haven't be able to find a way to actually recover the ETH. Recovering the ETH would need the collaboration of the attacker.
We would create a smart contract allowing if funded:
The attacker to claim a bounty of 1% of the total ETH which was in the DAO before the attack.
Token older to redeem their invested ETH (minus the 1% bounty).
The attacker could deny this settlement, but it would only continue a war costing transaction fees almost indefinitely. Thus, both parties (the attacker and the white hats)would have interest to move the funds into this smart contract.
The smart contract settlement could also be use in the case where miners agree on a soft fork (without the need of an hard fork). The soft fork would block the attacker from moving funds except to the contract. They could either have all the funds definitely frozen or collect their bounty.
With a soft fork we could even get all the funds back without a bounty nor the collaboration of the attacker. A soft fork would freeze the accounts of the attacker and we would attack the Dark DAO. Their accounts being frozen, they would be able to defend and we would recover all the funds.
Notice that we don't know the motivations of the hacker. So all this section is to be subject to caution as we are dealing with an human subject.
How could you help
We need your help, we need:
An attacking contract, using the same vector as the attacker. The vector is mostly known, but we still need the particular implementation of the contract. We do not advise making it public, as this could allow script kiddies to use it (of course, we would attack them as stated in the first section, but that would be a waste of human resources and transaction fees).
A settlement contract, sending 99% of the ETH to the redeem contract and 1% to an address controlled by the attacker if an amount of Ether at least equal to X is sent to the contract.
A redeem contract. Allowing DAO token holders to get back their part of the ETH.
People investigating a way to optimize the attack vectors in order for our attack to demand less transaction fees.
People investigating in depth the attack of section 2.
People searching for attack vectors able to recover the funds, not only preventing the attackers to use them.
If you wan to contribute, feel free to give me way to each you in the comments (email address, DAO Hub account, reddit account, etc).
Best regards,
Clemage, Member of the DAO White Hat Team
THE "populate or our future fortunes will perish" cry is the ultimate national pyramid scheme
NEVER mind environmental sustainability, there's an even more fundamental disconnect in the debate, such as it is, over Australia's population. It is that between a "big Australia" and the source of our contemporary and future prosperity.
Our future growth is entirely dependent on China's -- hopefully continued -- voracious appetite for our resources. But producing and shipping them does not take a lot of workers. The biggest boom we've ever seen has created just 245,000 jobs over the last seven years in the state where it is centred: Western Australia. That's less than one year's migration intake.
Read Next
Now of course, the boom was also directly happening in Queensland and NSW. And of course it created many more jobs indirectly -- both those that service the boom industries, such as legal, accounting and financial; and those generally in the national economy.
A dollar spent from a wage in the Pilbara feeds just as effectively into the broader economy as one spent by a public servant in Canberra.
Whether it was as well earned is an altogether different matter.
Self-evidently, (most of) the adults among the 1.5 million or so new arrivals over this period, plus those long-term residents entering the workforce, broadly found jobs.
Indeed, the number of jobs in Australia increased by 1.6 million over those seven years. We essentially had full employment at the start of the China boom; we essentially have full employment now.
Further it is always rather sterile to pose the question: where are the jobs coming from? Just as it was when we were dismantling tariff and other protection for manufacturing.
In both contexts, it is reasonable to respond: run the economy well, and they -- the jobs -- will come.
But reasonable, I would suggest, only up to a point. What we are now embarked on is an altogether different and force-fed degree of magnitude. On the one hand, population growth of unprecedented size in raw terms; on the other, an economy that will be increasingly dependent on growth in low-jobs resources.
It's not just what the increasingly narrow focus of our prosperity does to the rest of the economy. The so-called Dutch disease, whereby increasing exploitation of natural resources causes manufacturing to shrink.
Given that our manufacturing base has already (well and truly) shrunk, this might be seen in any event as hardly much of a problem anyway. It's what it does much more broadly to the dynamics of the economy. To our dollar, capital flows, investment profiles and returns, and so on.
These concerns can't be met by, for example, Warwick McKibbin's suggestion of a sovereign wealth fund; to channel our resources boom surpluses away from consumption and into investment.
That might deal with the financial issues; it won't address the economic ones. Not unless the fund is used to subsidise alternative economic activity. Not a good idea; that would be self-defeating consumption by another route.
There are as usual two very different worries about all this; although the economentariat tends to focus at best on only one. The Dutch disease-type issue on the assumption of a never-ending China boom.
The alternative is much more worrying. What if we run a 250,000-plus annual immigration intake and the China boom ends? We pour people into an ever bigger Australia, and we don't get even the indirect jobs from a resources boom because we don't get the resources boom jobs in the first place?
The experience of the previous high-immigration phase in the 1950s and 1960s is both instructive and concerning. Then the initial jobs for those migrants were in heavily protected manufacturing; the broader jobs came in servicing those industries and supplying the goods and services and housing for our soaring population.
If China were to stumble, would we find salvation in going back to making highly protected Holden cars and Astor TVs? Or worse, seek it in "green" jobs, whose required force-feeding would make the protection afforded manufacturing industry in the 1960s look like the very model of pure competition.
It's not difficult to understand business and especially big business support for a big and, equally important, continually rising population. It delivers customers. And customers that are much easier to tap than those pesky ones living overseas.
We've probably moved on from the business version of "populate or perish" -- that we need a big population in order to get domestic scale for our national champions. That's been swamped by the sheer reality of China's impact -- nobody would suggest BHP Billiton needs a big domestic customer base.
It's been replaced by the more simple demand for an ever-rising number of consumers. You don't have to go quite as far as Clive Hamilton's antipathy to conventional economic parameters, to wonder whether our future success as a nation will be defined by how many new shopping centres we build over the next decade or half-century.
At the very least, we should build some power stations. And dams, and roads, and ports, and schools and hospitals, and all the rest of the infrastructure you need for humans.
Nothing could have better captured the complete disconnect between utterly empty feel-good rhetoric and the reality of the challenges of our future, centred on population and China, than Julia Gillard's so-called climate change policy.
At core the new "populate or our future fortunes will perish" cry is the ultimate national pyramid scheme. We need to get to 36 -- or 50? -- million, to have the taxpaying workforce to support the now ageing baby-boomers. Beware of a Japanese-style population implosion!
Oh yeah? And when all those younger new arrivals start to age, we will presumably then need to move to 72 -- or 100 -- million, to have a sufficiently large taxpaying workforce to support them. Just as every boom busts, even our China one will; the laws of arithmetic always topple even the most elegant pyramid scheme.
Setting the agenda for Australia's $150BN agribusiness sector The program for Australia's premier agribusiness conference - The Global Food Forum - is set. Hear from more than 30 industry leaders including PepsiCo's CEO, Danny Celoni, Jayne Hrdlicka, CEO of A2 Milk Company, Barry Irvin, Executive Chairman, Bega Cheese and Costco's Managing Director, Patrick Noone. Sheraton Grand Sydney Hyde Park Book Now
Why This Mars Rover Has Lasted 3,560 Days Longer Than Expected
The mission wasn't supposed to last more than 90 days. But 10 years later, NASA's Opportunity rover is still in working condition and continues to send back data from Mars.
The prolonged health of the rover "was not in anyone's wildest dreams," John L. Callas, a project manager for the Mars Exploration Rover mission, wrote in an editorial for Space.com.
Opportunity launched on July 7, 2003. The golf-cart-sized robot landed on Mars on Jan. 24, 2004, Pacific Time.
Its identical twin, Spirit, touched down on the other side of Red Planet a couple of weeks earlier, but stopped talking to Earth in 2010, around six years into its mission.
So why has the Opportunity rover been able to outlast its designed lifetime by thousands of days? On its website, NASA attributes the robot's staying power to "a combination of sturdy construction, creative solutions for operating the rovers and even a little luck!"
"It's a well-made American vehicle," Ray Arvidson, the rover's lead investigator was quoted by The Register as saying. "These are excellent machines, they are well designed, they're well built, they're fantastic and that's why they're still working."
Mars is no vacation spot. The ground is covered with sharp rocks and steep hills, dirt tornadoes whirl around the surface, and the planet goes through wild temperature swings — from 80 degrees in the Martian summer to as low as -199 degrees in the winter.
When tackling rough terrain, the rover doesn't topple over on its six wheels because of a "rocker-bogie" suspension system that was designed for stability. You can see a good explanation of how the rocker-bogie works here.
Heaters in the body of the unit help batteries and other temperature-sensitive equipment to continue operating in the bitter-cold.
In addition, scientists originally thought that all of the Martian dust blowing around would coat the robot's solar panels, rendering them unusable within a few months. Instead, strong winds have helped to keep the panels relatively clean.
Callas agrees that the rover's success is due to both human ingenuity and factors that are beyond our own comprehension:
We can assert that unexpected wind gusts blew the dust off the solar arrays to maintain rover power. We can claim that operational skill permitted the rovers to survive the cold, dark Martian winters. We can pride ourselves that we built exquisite roving machines.
All of these are true. But does that really explain this unimagined longevity and the tremendous scientific success? Whatever the explanation, this is a grand accomplishment.
The prime mission of both rovers was to search for geological clues about environmental conditions on early Mars — like evidence of water — and to determine whether those conditions would have been suitable for life. By looking for rocks and soil types that typically form in water, both rovers confirmed that streams, lakes, or rivers once flowed on Mars.
To date, Opportunity rover has driven about 24 miles and snapped more than 170,000 images. While she's still running, the rover is starting to feel the effects of old age — two of the robot's 10 instruments have stopped working and its robotic arm has become "arthritic," Callas wrote.
Opportunity is currently stationed at the edge of an exposed outcrop on the rim of Endeavor Crater, where satellite observations suggest that small amounts of clay minerals might be present.
The aging rover is also continuing to investigate a mysterious jelly-doughnut-shaped rock that appeared in pictures of the same patch of ground taken 13 days apart. Scientists think the rock was probably flicked into its new position by one of the rover's wheels as the machine was turning around. The rock, which has a white rim and center that is deep red, is unlike anything scientists have seen before on Mars.
Join the conversation about this story »
See Also:
SEE ALSO: See what the Opportunity rover was doing a year ago
Just because Nokia owns about 80% of the OEM market for Windows Phone, that doesn't mean other manufacturers can't get in on the action. There's a Samsung device coming up around the corner called the SGH-i187 , which recently spent some time at the FCC here in the United States. Now, that's not the same consumers are going to call it, but instead they might refer to it as the Cronus.
On Twitter, evleaks has shared some info about the upcoming Windows Phone device from Samsung. Namely, the name or probable codename for internal AT&T reference. That name is 'Cronus' according to the leaker. That's interesting because this isn't the first time we've heard that name tossed around with Samsung. Earlier this summer, we thought the Samsung Cronus was going to be an ATIV S Neo variant on Sprint.
Either way, Cronus looks to be a mid-tier device for Windows Phone. The FCC documents revealed a Snapdragon 400 processor, which backs up the idea of it not being high-end. Additionally, it looks like AT&T might be the carrier picking this phone up in the United States.
Whether 'Cronus' is an internal name or the public name, remains to be seen, but we're leaning on the former. That means this could very well be an AT&T ATIV something.
What do you think of the Samsung Cronus on AT&T?
Source: Twitter
Auto Click Typer 2.0 Auto Click Typer is a free automation software that helps you emulate mouse and keyboard buttons. Try it, it's free. Size:
Platform:
Licenese: 518 KB
WinXP/Vista/7/8
Easy Access 2.1 Free MS Access database editor. View, create and edit MS Access database files (mdb, accdb) using this application. Size:
Platform:
Licenese: 522 KB
WinXP/Vista/7/8
Hot Shortcuts 1.1 Free your desktop from unnecessary icons and create keyboard shortcuts for your favorite applications and documents. It's easy and free! Size:
Platform:
Licenese: 503 KB
WinXP/Vista/7/8
Screenshot Ultra 1.3 Capture and save the content of your screen using this lightweight tool. It allows you to capture full screen, active windows or specific regions of the screen. Size:
Platform:
Licenese: 502 KB
WinXP/Vista/7/8
Serial Key Generator 7.0 Protect your applications by serial key registration in just a few clicks. For your C# .NET, Visual Basic .NET, Delphi, C++ Builder and Java applications. Size:
Platform:
Licenese: 21,5 MB
WinXP/Vista/7/8
Shutdown Clock 1.5 Automate your PC shutdown functions with ease. Schedule operations like shutdown, restart, log off, lock and hibernate at any time. It's free! Size:
Platform:
Licenese: 502 KBi
WinXP/Vista/7/8
Subtitle Dawn 2.0 Automatically download all subtitles for your entire movie collection, simply by adding your movies and selecting language. Size:
Platform:
Licenese: 516 KB
WinXP/Vista/7/8
VCL Sudoku 2.0 Sudoku is a popular Japanese logic game based on placement of numbers. As a logic puzzle Sudoku is an excelent brain game as well. Size:
Platform:
Licenese: 1,8 MB
WinXP/Vista/7/8
Rob Corddry is to star in the US remake of Sky1's Spy.
ABC recently ordered a pilot for a new version of the UK series, which has original series creator Simeon Goulden attached.
Corddry will play the lead role of a well-meaning father who inadvertently lands a job as a secret agent, according to Entertainment Weekly.
The comic is known for appearing in such films as 2010's Hot Tub Time Machine and 2008's Harold & Kumar Escape from Guantanamo Bay and has also featured in episodes of Community and Happy Endings.
They will also be seen opposite Nicholas Hoult in forthcoming zombie comedy Warm Bodies.
Darren Boyd has starred in two series and a Christmas special of the original UK Spy and won a BAFTA for their performance last year.
A remake of BBC Three comedy Pulling was also among ABC's pilot orders last week.
> Fox's Ben and Kate casts Rob Corddry for guest appearance
> MGM wants Hot Tub Time Machine sequel
Watch Darren Boyd discuss the second series of the original Spy below:
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Roberto Mancini's brand of football was simply not good enough for City, and showed no signs of improving.
Speaking in depth about the Italian's sacking for the first time, Blues chief executive Ferran Soriano, who played an influential role in Mancini's sacking, also tackled the issue of Mancini's relationships with their players and staff.
Carefully avoiding naming the incoming Manuel Pellegrini, Soriano also predicted that the new manager would give City a more attractive, winning style of football, help to develop a stronger youth policy, and soothe the tensions in and around the team.
Looking back at a tumultuous 10 days which saw City lose the FA Cup final, sack the manager and fly to New York to announce the set-up of a new American team, Soriano said the decision to give Mancini the boot had been a tough one – but that the Wembley defeat to Wigan had no bearing.
“It's always hard,” said the former Barcelona bigwig. “Nobody wants to change a manager but we all want to play good football and we all want to win. I think for the new owners of City to have had only two managers in five years is very good. It shows the willingness to have a very stable managerial team.
“Roberto Mancini did very good for the club. They changed it from a club that was not winning to a winning club and that is very hard. That is all good and we are thankful.
“We are now looking for several things. We are looking to play good football and to win – and I said that in the right order. If you play good football, you will win.
“We believe we have a fantastic squad. It would be very hard for us to change the players for any others in the UK and that includes the champions of the league.
“What we also want is a football concept so that the basic way we play is shared by the whole organisation – from young teams all the way to the first team and all the way to New York.
“We are asking the new manager to have close collaboration with the youth football and to work together to achieve this. Teams that have won consistently in the past have a core of players that are home-grown.”
City's original statement on the sacking of Mancini spoke of results not being as good as had been hoped this season, domestically and in Europe, and of the need for a “holistic” approach – developing a football creed which suffuses the entire club.
But for the first time, Soriano tackled the issue of Mancini's relationships with their players and staff.
The Italian's tendency to publicly criticise their players, and accusations that they were aloof and arrogant around the training ground, did cause concerns for senior management.
“We want a manager who knows about football, but we want somebody who knows about man-management. This is something we are convinced about – myself, the board, the owner – that it is impossible for us to win, win the Champions League in the end, if we don't have a group that behaves like a family,” said Soriano.
“Like a family where there are no such criticisms as we have discussed, where everybody respects everybody, and to do this you need to be senior, need to have experience of managing groups.
“Our group is difficult, only in the sense that it is diverse in terms of nationalities and languages and so on.
“But they are also very mature people. I can see that for myself because I have seen them, I have seen the players behave and how they behaved when the manager went.
“If they work with a senior manager, they can do great things. What Roberto Mancini did for this football club is fantastic and you cannot have the inspiration of finding the perfect person.
“I think Mancini is a champion – they are a winner. To change the mentality of the club and create this winning attitude from them was great.
“Other areas were different and more challenging but to the new manager we are asking this – we know we have very good players, very mature players so if they are in an environment where there are fewer tensions they will be able to deliver more on the pitch.”
Mancini also clashed with former football administrator Brian Marwood, publicly accusing them of failing to land City's transfer targets last summer, leading to the late signing of a glut of players, most of whom have failed to make a real impact.
Soriano said that criticism was misguided: “It is unfair to criticise anybody for what happened last summer.
“Last summer there were some players who were signed in the last weeks. They were all players the manager asked for and maybe there will be other players the manager also asked for that were not signed. It doesn't work like that. It's not only the desire of the manager, it's the market, the competition, the prices. And, by the way, regardless of all of this, the squad we have is a fantastic squad – not only in England, in Europe, so nobody should complain about the players we have.”
But the Catalan stressed that tensions in the dressing room and with other staff, while a cause for concern, were not a major factor in the decision to sack Mancini.
“I think it has been a bit exaggerated,” they said. “I have seen dressing rooms with tensions before. Those tensions come from the competition and the fact all the men in that dressing room want to win all the time – they want to play all the time and that is impossible.
“So we are not too worried about this and it's not the reason why we decided to change the manager.
“Having said that, with the new manager we are asking them that the dressing room has as much harmony as possible, knowing that total harmony is impossible.”
Soriano also said that while Mancini got the team playing good football, and did pay attention to the youth policy, they did not do enough of those things.
“We can't complain too loudly about being second in the league and runners-up in the FA Cup,” they said. “I think we were doing some of these things but we want more. We want more of playing better and we want more of developing a football concept shared across the teams.
“We are changing because we want to improve, even though what we had was very good. We believe that the new manager we choose will do those things and that's why we are changing.”
Experience the full Master Chief story, from the very start of the journey to the latest chapter in the epic sci-fi adventure. This bundle contains both “Halo: The Master Chief Collection” and “Halo 5: Guardians”, opening the door to a universe filled with heroism, large-scale battles, sweeping narrative, and pulse-pounding multiplayer action. Halo: The Master Chief Collection: Honoring the iconic hero and their epic journey from the Halo ringworld to Requiem, Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary, Halo 2: Anniversary, Halo 3, Halo 4, and Halo 4: Spartan Ops are collected in a single integrated experience that leverages the power of the Xbox One for increased visual fidelity and Xbox Live capabilities. With dozens of campaign missions and more than 100 multiplayer maps* this is the definitive Halo collection fans have been waiting for! Halo 5: Guardians: A mysterious and unstoppable force awakens, drawing the Master Chief into an epic story that spans worlds and will determine the fate of the galaxy. Experience the dramatic story and then challenge friends and rivals in the all-new Warzone multiplayer mode, featuring massive 24-player battles, or hone your dueling skills in classic Arena 4-vs-4 competitive combat. Free post-launch content updates add new maps, game modes, weapons, skins, armors, and vehicles – making this the biggest Halo ever released! Xbox Live Gold 14-day Trial Included - perfect for playing with friends.* *Online multiplayer features require Xbox Live Gold membership (sold separately). 14-day trial offer will be delivered in-game and cannot be transferred, redeemed for cash, or combined with any other offer. Offer is not valid on prior Xbox Live Gold membership purchases. Some game features, including hidden terminal videos, require broadband internet; ISP fees apply. Halo: Nightfall: 5 episode live action series is streaming only. Must be 17+. See www.xbox.com/halo. PHOTOSENSITIVITY SEIZURE WARNING: A very small percentage of people may experience a seizure when exposed to certain visual images, including flashing lights or patterns that may appear in video games. Visit Xbox.com for more information
Show More
Hundreds of Southland fast-food workers, along with home-care, child-care USC faculty and industrial workers, took part in marches and rallies in South Los Angeles and downtown today as part of a national campaign calling for $15-an-hour wages. Similar marches and rallies are being held across the country as part of a National Day of Action in the ``Fight for $15.'' Organizers said rallies were also being held in 30 countries. Photo by Jim Ruymen/UPI | License Photo
WASHINGTON, Jan. 2 (UPI) -- Workers in 14 states will see a boost in their paychecks going forward with laws that went into effect on January 1.
The largest of the raises will take place in Alaska, California, Massachusetts and Nebraska -- each nudging the minimum wage by $1 an hour. New York's minimum wage will be raised from $8.75 to $9.00 across the board, but fast food workers will receive $10.50 in New York City and $9.75 in other parts of the state.
In addition to the New Year's day increases, Washington D.C., Maryland, Minnesota and Nevada have all passed legislation that will raise minimum wage later this year
According to a report by the National Employment Law Project, 14 states would see increases to the minimum wage effective on or around Jan. 1. Wage increases range from 5 cents to $1 across the various states.
"We've seen incredible momentum this past year in the fight to raise wages to a level that will make a meaningful difference to America's workers and their families," National Employment Law Project executive director Christie Owens said.
Some of these increases represent a gradual movement toward a $15 minimum wage. States that include New York and California plan to have a $15-an-hour wage statewide by 2021.
What does a man's theology have to do with the U.S. economy? A lot, if you're Russell Vought.
The respected economist, President Donald Trump's pick for deputy director at the Office of Management and Budget, thought he'd have to answer some tough questions at their Senate hearing last week. But like most of us, they thought they'd be about finances—not faith.
Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., flipped that script, launching into an aggressive and bizarre attack on Vought's Christianity (which Sanders called “hateful,” “indefensible,” and “insult[ing]”). Shouting until they were red in the face (see the video here), they accused the president's nominee of being an Islamophobe for believing what the Bible says about salvation.
In a tantrum that made the James Comey hearing seem tame, Sanders managed to expose one thing: which one of them is truly intolerant. To Sanders' crazy, Vought was the picture of poise, calmly explaining that they believe every person is made in the image of God, but that Christianity teaches that Jesus Christ is the only means of salvation and path to heaven.
It was an eye-opening display for most people, who may not have realized the level of contempt many liberals hold toward the majority religion in America. Just think: This is a senator who almost won the Democratic Party's nomination for president—a man who thinks there's no room in the public square for people who believe the Bible.
>>> Sign the Family Research Council's petition against Sen. Bernie Sanders.
I suppose it shouldn't be a surprise that the same party that wanted God out of its platform also wants them out of public service. As far as the left is concerned, Christians in government have four options: They can hide their faith, deny it, recant it, or work elsewhere. Ironically, that makes most liberals guilty of the same prejudice they're trying to pin on men and women of faith.
As Emma Green wrote for The Atlantic:
It's one thing to take issue with bigotry. It's another to try to exclude people from office based on their theological convictions. Sanders used the term ‘Islamophobia' to suggest that Vought fears Muslims for who they are. But in their writing, Vought was contesting something different: They disagree with what Muslims believe, and does not think their faith is satisfactory for salvation. Right or wrong, this is a conviction held by millions of Americans—and many Muslims might say the same thing about Christianity.
Unfortunately, liberals like Sanders have no problem hauling someone's personal views into the limelight and judging them on those beliefs—whether they impact a person's public policies or not. Sanders' colleague, Sen. James Lankford, R-Okla., could hardly believe their ears:
Bernie Sanders questioned an OMB nominee this week about religion in a way that is dangerously close to crossing a clear constitutional line for how we evaluate qualifications for public service. Article VI of the U.S. Constitution clearly states, ‘No religious Test shall ever be required as a Qualification to any Office or public Trust under the United States.' The First Amendment is crystal clear that the federal government must protect every American's right to the peaceful and free exercise of religion. We cannot say we have the free exercise of religion and also require people to practice their faith only in a way that government officials prefer. … The freedom to be Christian, Yezidi, Jewish, Muslim, Sikh, or another religion, or practice no religion, is an American right, and the United States Senate must not waver in our protection of that diversity and freedom. If we waver on the First Amendment, all of our constitutional rights, like free speech, freedom of assembly, and many others, become at risk.
The framers saw the possibility for the kind of conflict Sanders ignited and did everything they could to stop it. As James Madison, the chief architect of the Constitution, observed, “a zeal for different opinions concerning religion” has throughout history “inflamed [men] with mutual animosity, and rendered them much more disposed to vex and oppress each other, than to co-operate for their common good.”
To stop those divisions, the framers made it clear in the U.S. Constitution that there was to be no “religious test” and deferred to the states (many of which had state religions at the time) if they wanted to demand orthodoxy as a condition of public service.
What Sanders is doing is imposing their own test, a reverse religious test—that people have no religious convictions. But that was never what the Founders intended. It was John Adams, after all, who said, “Our Constitution was made only for a moral and religious People. It is wholly inadequate to the government of any other.”
If anyone's on the wrong side of that equation, it's Sanders—not the millions of Christians whose faith this nation was founded on.
Join the 46,669 other Americans who are demanding an apology from Sanders for their bigotry. Sign our petition here and ask their colleagues to pledge that they won't oppose nominees on the basis of their religious views.
Tony Perkins' Washington Update is written with the aid of Family Research Council senior writers.
Originally published by the Family Research Council.
Wherever the next conflict breaks out, chances are the IDF's ground forces will have to deal with an enemy that moves on foot, appears and vanishes quickly, is armed with deadly shoulder-held missiles and operates in an urban setting, filled with noncombatants.
The Jerusalem Post spoke to three commanders of Ground Forces Command training centers, to gain a glimpse into how the IDF is preparing the next generation of combat soldiers for this difficult and evolving challenge.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
On Thursday night, that something looked like this: In a fraying section of downtown Rio, a pack of the world's most venerated chefs were rushing around a slapdash kitchen amid a crush of volunteers as they improvised a dinner for 70 homeless people.
All of the ingredients, most of which might have otherwise been thrown away, had been donated, as had the labor of the chefs and orange-aproned servers, some of whom had traveled to Rio from California, Germany and Japan.
The creators of this place, Refettorio Gastromotiva — refettorio means dining hall in Italian — hope it will change the way Brazilians, and the world, think about hunger, food waste and the nourishing of human dignity.
“This is not just a charity; it's not just about feeding people,” said Mr. Bottura, pausing to pick up trash from the forlorn playground outside their new venture. “This is about social inclusion, teaching people about food waste and giving hope to people who have lost all hope.”
In the days since it began operating on Wednesday out of a hastily erected translucent box in the downtrodden neighborhood of Lapa, Refettorio Gastromotiva has become something of a sensation: a feel-good counterpoint to the commercialization of the Games, and to the gluttony that unfolds each night in the pop-up pavilions that many countries have set up throughout the city.
Tunisian referee Slim Jdidi is on Fifa's World Cup shortlist despite being suspended for their performance in the Africa Cup of Nations.
Jdidi was banned indefinitely by the Confederation of African Football after they made a series of errors in the semi-final between Burkina Faso and Ghana.
Their biggest mistake was sending off Burkinabe Jonathan Pitropia but the decision was quickly overturned by Caf.
Since the 6 February match Jdidi has only refereed in Tunisia's Ligue I.
But world governing body Fifa has invited him, along with six other prospective World Cups referees from Africa, to attend a seminar in Casablanca from 27-30 April, the latest in a series of training camps, seminars and tests for those being considered to officiate in Brazil next year.
The 42-year-old's performance in the Nations Cup semi-final provoked Caf president Issa Hayatou to admit "we experienced some mistakes with the referees especially at the semi-final between Ghana and Burkina Faso".
As well as sending off Pitroipa for simulation - which they later acknowledged was a mistake - Jdidi also ruled out a legitimate looking goal as well as dismissed a strong penalty claim for the Burkinabe, while handing a dubious spot-kick to opponents Ghana at Nelspruit.
Burkina Faso went on to win the match on penalties and Jdidi was suspended the next day by Caf, who went on to rescind Pitroipa's red card and allow them to play in the final.
Jdidi has not been used for any international assignments since the suspension.
World Cup candidate refereeing teams from other continents will attend similar seminars in Asuncion, Dubai, Fort Lauderdale and Zurich in April.
Fifty-two referees, each with their own designated a pair of assistants, have been shortlisted for the World Cup. The list will be cut to 30 for next year's finals in Brazil.
More than 10,500 people have crossed over to Turkey border and more are camping on the Syrian side [AFP]
Syrian forces have swept through a northwestern border region to stem an exodus of refugees to Turkey that is raising international pressure on President Bashar al-Assad, witnesses and a rights activist said.
Reports of the military campaign on Sunday came as state media announced Assad would address the nation on Monday.
Meanwhile, Syrian human rights campaigner Ammar al-Qurabi accused pro-government forces of attacking people who were helping refugees try to escape from a widening military campaign to crush protests against Assad's rule.
"The Syrian army has spread around the border area to prevent frightened residents from fleeing across the border to Turkey," Qurabi told the Reuters news agency.
"Militiamen close to the regime are attacking people in Bdama and the surrounding areas who are trying to deliver relief and food to thousands of refugees stuck along the border and trying to flee," said Qurabi.
Qurabi's comments could not be independently confirmed, but a local resident backed up their account.
Roads obstructed
According to witness reports, one man driving a tractor 1.5km from the Turkish border was shot in the leg by a sniper and was taken by ambulance to a Turkish hospital on Sunday, Al Jazeera's Anita McNaught said from southern Turkey.
All the main roads running between Syria and the Turkish border are obstructed by Syrian checkpoints and guard points, and are under surveillance, Hala, a Syrian woman who fled to Turkey, told our correspondent.
Syrians fleeing the violence have had to take back routes through farm lands. They are guided by young men who assist women, children and the elderly, the bulk of the people who are refugees in Turkey currently, to reach Turkey safely, McNaught said.
But people trying to assist had come under attack around the small town of Bdama near the Turkish border, which Syrian troops and gunmen loyal to Assad stormed on Saturday, burning houses and arresting dozens, witnesses said.
For the first time Turkey has begun extending aid across the border to people in the north of Syria, Turkey's emergency situations agency said in a statement on Sunday.
'Desperate to tell their stories'
In Turkey, the government is preventing journalists from entering the refugee camps and speaking to Syrians on the grounds of their own security and safety, our correspondent explained.
"Our experience when we have met them has been completely the opposite. We care deeply about their [the refugees] security and safety and we would never reveal the identity of anyone who didn't want their identity revealed...
"Our experience from meeting them is that they are desperate to tell their stories. They want their message to get out, they want the world to understand what is going on in Syria," McNaught said.
The Turkish government says more than 10,500 people have crossed over its border and more are camping on the Syrian side.
The head of the International Committee of the Red Cross is due in Damascus on Sunday evening to discuss expanding its relief effort with Syrian officials.
A TOC reader, Mr Tan Toh Hwee wrote in to indicate their unhappiness over an advertisement posted by Japan Airlines (JAL) on 23rd Dec. They wrote,
“l would like to bring your attention to this job advertised by Japan Airlines on Today newspaper dated 23 Dec 2014.
l am very upset and angry that such job discrimination against National Service is allowed to be published on a newspaper.
Why they are looking for person with no NS liability? By having such condition, it is very obvious the company has no interesting in employ Singaporean males. l understand the majority of cabin attendants females. But from the advertisement, it is very clear they are also looking for male attendants as well. But why they must exclude any Singapore male with NS liability? If they feel National Service is disruptive for their business, they should consider moving out of Singapore.
But stating this, they are excluding the majority of Singaporean male from applying. Is this a type of job discrimination?”
3.1K Shares
I deserve to be safe in my relationships. Do you know that you deserve safety, too?
I wasn't always so sure that I deserved a healthy love life. As a survivor of intimate partner violence (IPV), I went through a time when I didn't have any hope of being in a relationship without fear and shame.
But it wasn't just an abusive partner who convinced me that I deserved mistreatment. I'm a bisexual woman – so the rest of society also perpetuates toxic ideas about my relationships, too.
If you're also bisexual, or you have another non-monosexual identity that gets hit with stereotypes about what it means to be neither gay nor straight, this will probably sound familiar.
And if you're a bisexual woman or non-binary person who experiences misogyny, I'm writing this especially for you. Many of these myths affect bisexual people of all genders, but their patriarchal roots have a specific impact on women and other people who are pushed into society's idea of what a woman is “supposed” to be.
Studies show that 61 percent of bisexual women experienced rape, physical violence, or stalking by an intimate partner – a higher rate than both straight women and lesbians. About 90 percent of these survivors' abusive partners were men.
In one high-profile example, actor Amber Heard recently filed a restraining order citing abuse during divorce proceedings with actor Johnny Depp.
Unfortunately, many reactions to this news demonstrated those misogynistic and biphobic ideas about bisexual women.
Some headlines referred to Amber as only “Depp's bisexual wife,” along with insinuations that she's trying to take their money. Other publications suggested that they were having an affair, with headlines asking if their “lesbian friends” put a strain on the marriage.
In our sex shaming (sometimes called slut-shaming) society, sexually active women are judged as “sluts,” while sexually active men are congratulated as “studs.”
Bisexual people are often sex shamed based only on our sexual orientation, regardless of how sexually active we actually are. We're stereotyped as inherently promiscuous and unfaithful.
Sadly, it's common for all survivors to face doubt and victim-blaming – and this case shows how biphobia can play a damaging role.
When people insult Amber Heard – and it's your loved ones repeating hurtful lies about bisexual people – you might wonder if they'd say the same about you.
As Casey Quinlin pointed out, media publications insinuate that there's “something shameful about bisexuality” when they describe Amber as someone who “openly admits” to being bisexual.
People wonder why survivors don't “just leave” our partners at the first sign of violence. But it's no wonder that it's so difficult for us to escape, to ask for help, and to heal after we've been abused.
Messages all around us say that we must be lying or that we deserved what happened to us. We don't know who of our loved ones we can trust to support us, and who will just make things worse by judging us.
So we suffer alone, in fear, with shame. You might even believe you deserve to be mistreated.
We deserve so much better than this. You already encounter toxic lies about relationships far too often, and you probably don't get the truth that shuts down those lies nearly enough.
So in case nobody's told you lately, here are some reminders of what you – yes you, with the non-monosexual sexuality – deserve in your relationship(s).
1. You Deserve to Seek Relationships If You Want Them
Get bombarded with biphobic lies long enough, and you'd think no bisexual person should ever be in a relationship at all.
There are people who say outright that they'd never date a bisexual person – and they encourage others to steer clear of us, too.
You might deal with men who view you only as a sexual object, and women who think you're “not queer enough” to date them.
If you've had these struggles, I don't blame you for wanting to give up. Dating can be exhausting enough for anyone, and these assumptions don't make it any easier.
But know that you don't have to settle for anything less than the kind of relationship you want.
For instance, if you're looking for a long-term relationship, then you deserve to be more than someone's threesome fantasy.
Think about what you're hoping for, and remember that you have every right to pursue that with someone who respects you. That means you also have the right to say “no” to people who stereotype you instead.
2. You Deserve to Not Be in Relationships If You Don't Want Them
These are mostly reminders for romantic relationships – but it's just as important to acknowledge that it's perfectly okay to not have interest in relationships, too.
We live in a society that says you have to be partnered to be valuable, which can make you feel obligated to “settle down.”
Plus, the pressures of biphobia can make you feel like you have something to prove. Getting into a relationship that looks good to the outside world could shut down some of the claims that you can't commit to a partner.
But it's what you're feeling on the inside that counts.
Do you think your current partner might be toxic? Or need a break from dating after your last relationship?
Do you prefer casual sex to a serious relationship? Or don't feel interested in dating or intimacy at all?
Whatever your reason, if a relationship doesn't feel right for you, then you don't need one to “complete” you.
You're enough on your own. The most important thing is to take care of you, and there's nothing wrong with being single while you do that.
3. You Deserve to Put Yourself First
Being single is one way to help prioritize self-care, but guess what?
Even in a relationship, you still deserve to put yourself first.
Of course, with another person in your life, it gets a little complicated. Communication is important, compromise is sometimes necessary, and you're not entitled to prioritize your needs to the point of controlling another person.
But intimate partner violence is a pattern of power and control – survivors have found ourselves under a partner's control, unable to think of our own needs at all.
We all deserve the freedom to take care of our needs.
For instance, if your partner keeps you from doing what nourishes you, like hanging out with friends, that could be a sign that they don't support your self-care.
As long as look out for yourself, you can notice if a partner is getting in the way of your needs – and decide how to address that problem.
4. You Deserve to Not Have Your Sexuality Used Against You
It's not okay for your partner to use any part of your identity against you – whether it's your race, gender, disability, or anything else. And that includes your sexuality.
For example, if you're with someone who says your bisexuality is a reason they “can't trust you,” that doesn't mean there's a problem with your bisexuality.
It means your partner has some biphobic beliefs to unlearn – and that's on them, not you.
I'm sure you already have some idea of how absurd it is for someone to think that your sexuality means you can't be trusted. Being bisexual doesn't mean you're looking to cheat on a partner.
But you might feel responsible for “proving” that you can be trusted, or feel guilty about your partner's insecurities.
You don't have to be ashamed of who you are, just because your partner believes ridiculous stereotypes about you. If they refuse to take responsibility for working on their own unfounded insecurities, it's not up to you to take on their burden.
5. You Deserve to Have a Life Outside of Your Relationship(s)
There's nothing like new relationship giddiness or longtime love to make you want to spend lots of time with someone.
Headquarters, Washington
202-358-1730
david.steitz@nasa.gov
Leslie Williams
Dryden Flight Research Center, Edwards, Calif.
661-276-3893
leslie.a.williams@nasa.gov
David E. SteitzHeadquarters, Washington202-358-1730Leslie WilliamsDryden Flight Research Center, Edwards, Calif.661-276-3893
RELEASE : 11-258
NASA Selects Seven Firms To Provide Near-Space Flight Services
WASHINGTON -- NASA has selected seven companies to integrate and fly technology payloads on commercial suborbital reusable platforms that carry payloads near the boundary of space.As part of NASA's Flight Opportunities Program, each successful vendor will receive an indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity contract. These two-year contracts, worth a combined total of $10 million, will allow NASA to draw from a pool of commercial space companies to deliver payload integration and flight services. The flights will carry a variety of payloads to help meet the agency's research and technology needs."Through this catalog approach, NASA is moving toward the goal of making frequent, low-cost access to near-space available to a wide range of engineers, scientists and technologists," said NASA Chief Technologist Bobby Braun at NASA Headquarters in Washington. "The government's ability to open the suborbital research frontier to a broad community of innovators will enable maturation of the new technologies and capabilities needed for NASA's future missions in space."The selected companies are:-- Armadillo Aerospace, Heath, Texas-- Near Space Corp., Tillamook, Ore.-- Masten Space Systems, Mojave, Calif.-- Up Aerospace Inc., Highlands Ranch, Colo.-- Virgin Galactic, Mojave, Calif.-- Whittinghill Aerospace LLC, Camarillo, Calif.-- XCOR, Mojave, Calif.NASA's Office of the Chief Technologist is charged with maturing crosscutting technologies to flight readiness status for future space missions. Through these indefinite-delivery, indefinite-quantity contracts, NASA intends to provide frequent flight opportunities for payloads on suborbital platforms.The Flight Opportunities Program is managed at NASA's Dryden Flight Research Center in Edwards, Calif. For more information on the program, visit:
http://flightopportunities.nasa.gov
For more information about NASA's Office of the Chief Technologist, visit:
http://www.nasa.gov/oct
- end -
text-only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov. To unsubscribe from this mailing list, send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov.
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
Liza Maza-led NAPC joins online army of trolls in bashing Agot Isidro, says she's no different from Robredo
The National Anti-Poverty Commission (NAPC) headed by lead convenor Liza Maza has come under fire for a tweet describing Vice President Leni Robredo and actor Agot Isidro as two people who are afraid to go hungry.
In a tweet posted Monday (Oct. 10), @NAPC_ph said:
NAPC posted the tweet after Isidro became the target for trolls for saying President Rodrigo Duterte was a psychopath.
The commission only took down the tweet about three hours after it was posted and issued an apology.
“Certain distasteful statements have been posted in our Facebook page that in no way reflect NAPC's views or values. We sincerely apologize to Vice President Robredo, Ms. Isidro, and to the public in general. We are now investigating this matter internally,” NAPC said.
Although NAPC has apologized for the controversial tweet, not a few netizens expressed shock and disappointment regarding the statement made by what is supposed to be a pro-poor agency.
Trophies are items introduced in Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Players can choose to display trophies next to their name/avatar. Trophies are awarded to Champions, Finalists, Semi-Finalists and Quarter-Finalists of official Valve Counter-Strike:Global Offensive tournaments. Players who participate in the Pick'Em Challenges or Fantasy Team Challenges can also earn Gold, Silver or Bronze Pick'Em or Fantasy Team trophies based on their performance in the challenges.
Contents show]
London 2018 Pick'Em Challenge
Boston 2018 Team Pick'Em Challenge
PGL Krakow 2017 Pick'Em Challenge
Columbus 2016 Pick'Em Challenge
Bronze Columbus 2016 Fantasy Team Challenge Trophy Silver Columbus 2016 Fantasy Team Challenge Trophy Gold Columbus 2016 Fantasy Team Challenge Trophy
Add a photo to this gallery
Columbus 2016 Pick'Em Challenge
Cluj-Napoca 2015 Tournament, PGL Krakow 2017, ELEAGUE Boston 2018 Trophies & FACEIT London 2018 Trophies
Champion at Cluj-Napoca 2015, PGL Krakow 2017 Champion, ELEAGUE Boston 2018 & FACEIT London 2018 Cluj-Napoca 2015, PGL Krakow 2017, ELEAGUE Boston 2018 Finalist, FACEIT London 2018 Semi-Finalist and Quarter-Finalist Trophy
Add a photo to this gallery
Cluj-Napoca 2015 Fantasy Team Challenge
Cluj-Napoca 2015 Pick'Em Challenge
Cologne 2015 Tournament
Cologne 2015 Pick'Em Challenge
Katowice 2015 Tournament
Katowice 2015 Pick'Em Challenge
DreamHack 2014 Tournament
DreamHack 2014 Pick'Em Challenge
Cologne 2014 Tournament
Cologne 2014 Pick'Em Challenge
Katowice 2014 Tournament
DreamHack 2013 Tournament
Gallery
Scaleform UI
Members of other parties will not be allowed at decision-making meetings, says body set up to support new Labour leader
Momentum, the group set up to support Jeremy Corbyn inside the Labour party, is to draw up a code of conduct so that members of other parties will not be allowed to attend its decision-making meetings.
A new code is to be sent to local Momentum groups in the next few days after its leadership recognised it was under threat of being discredited by the interference of hard-left groups such as the Socialist party and Socialist Workers party.
Activists to harness Corbyn campaign energy with Momentum Read more
It would mean members of other leftwing parties such as Left Unity and the Communist party would not be allowed to attend its decision-making meetings. Momentum has decided that office holders in the group must all be Labour members and it is urgently preparing plans to develop a more democratic structure.
Momentum has been accused of acting as a vehicle for the far left to infiltrate Labour, but it has insisted that it is an inclusive Labour-oriented campaigning group trying to draw in new people.
Tom Watson, the Labour deputy leader, said in a Twitter exchange on Monday night that Momentum had an entryist problem in some of its branches. At the weekend, Caroline Flint, a former Labour cabinet minister, claimed Momentum could destroy the party.
They said: “They seem to be focused on interfering in the organisation of the Labour party. That is exactly what far-left groups like Militant did in the 1980s. They act as a separate party operating within the Labour party but with no real loyalty to the party.”
In a statement issued at lunchtime on Tuesday in the wake of the Guardian report, Momentum said the group had “sprung out of a desire to empower people not previously energised, to encourage those people to engage in debate and to organise on issues which affect them in their communities”.
The statement continued: “So we think it is right for Momentum to be seeking to work with coalitions and campaigning groups outside the Labour party nationally and locally.
“What we will not allow, and we don't think our supporters will accept, is for our grassroots network to be used by other groups to push their agendas which have for decades been set against the Labour party and those members who have worked hard to get us to this position.”
Bullying, dissent and the need for Labour party unity | Letters Read more
On its Facebook page, Momentum added: “Alliances are a different thing – as we say, we will work with other groups and campaigns, but we can't allow Momentum to be used as a vehicle for other parties. So if you are a member of the Socialist party, or the SWP, for instance, you cannot also be involved in decision making within Momentum.”
The decision received a mixed reception within Momentum and the Socialist party, the successor to the Militant Tendency, said: “Unfortunately, the Momentum leadership seems to think the only way we can strengthen Jeremy's leadership is by mollifying the right and suggesting the Socialist party will no longer be able to participate.
“If they continue with this approach, there is a real danger that the support for Jeremy Corbyn could ebb and the right wing can choose their time to wield the dagger and force them out. The potential for this has been there since Corbyn was elected.”
In practice, the detail of the code, and how it will be policed, remains to be hammered out. The group also faces difficulties with groups such as the Alliance for Workers' Liberty, a Trotskyist group that has disbanded to recommence work inside the Labour party.
Paul Klug, Momentum's national organiser, told Sky's Dermot Murnaghan: “Everybody who has a position within Momentum is a Labour party member. The governance structure is still being established to be completely clear with all the terminology, but absolutely no members of other political parties are welcome at Momentum meetings. If you are not a member of a political party … your voice is welcomed and heard but the Socialist party, for example, are not welcome to be at Momentum meetings.” They said the same applied to the Communist party of Great Britain.
Momentum has insisted it is opposed to calls for the deselection of MPs who voted to back the extension of airstrikes to Syria, but such calls have been made at successive local Momentum events, sometimes by Socialist party members.
A Momentum meeting last week in Lambeth, south London, was leafleted and addressed by members of other leftwing groups calling for the local MP – Streatham's Chuka Umunna – to be deselected for supporting the airstrikes. Momentum said the Socialist party had not been invited to the meeting.
Stamberg Raps! And Other Tales From A Hip-Hop Ghostwriter
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Jesse Kramer Courtesy of Jesse Kramer
If your flow has lost its get-up-and-go, you may need to call Jesse Kramer.
The 24-year-old runs a website called Rap Rebirth, where, for a fee, they offer custom rap lyrics in any style you chose, anything from a verse to an entire album. Kramer tells weekends on All Things Considered host Guy Raz that a wide range of artists use their services.
"Around 70 percent are artists who are in development: They're putting together mixtapes, they're putting together demos, they're just getting started," they say. "Another 10 percent are more established artist; and then another 10 percent are random people, comedians who want to put a verse together, companies who want a verse to market their products. [The remaining] 10 percent are mainstream artists who are looking for lyrics."
A potential customer coming to Kramer's website will answer a battery of questions designed to tease out the person's individual style.
Audio Extra NPR's Susan Stamberg tries their hand at hip-hop with a verse penned by Jesse Kramer. Susan Stamberg Raps
"They'll tell me about their formative experiences growing up, who they are, who they want to be perceived as, their favorite subject matter to rap about, artists that inspire them," Kramer says.
They let customers request a verse in a particular artist's style. (Drake is the most popular choice of late.) He's also taken on some very specific, personal projects. Kramer says they once wrote an entire album's worth of love songs for a client whose girlfriend had just broken up with him.
"He sent me a picture of them and they told me all these intimate details about their relationship," they say. "It was so weird writing that. It wasn't even for the purpose of making a commercial hit ... they just wanted to impress their girlfriend."
Now, we wouldn't be good journalists if we didn't put Kramer's skills to the test — so we asked them to write a verse for NPR legend Susan Stamberg. Kramer says Mama Stamberg's signature dish — their Thanksgiving cranberry relish — helped provide some flavor for the verse.
"I was doing it in more of an old-school cadence," they say, "and since Coolio is someone that she, you know, gave them cranberry relish to, and they tried it, I sort of had their flow in mind when I was writing it." Stamberg says they now want to be known as MC Horseradish.
As for stepping up to the mic himself, Kramer says that so far, he's been content to remain behind the scenes.
"I like performing, but I'm more interested in kind of living a normal life," they say. "I don't want to live the life of a rapper and all that entails."
It was a tough choice, but in the end only one can be the winner. Before divulging who that is, let me thank all who participated (in chronological order):
This list should make it obvious why it took a bit longer to arrive at a conclusion. But finally …
<drum roll please />
… we settled on Derek's first post because of its pedagogic value: the topic is a very plausible distributed (or local) use case, they demonstrate Akka best practices while implementing it and also motivates their choices, the images are well-chosen and nicely crafted, and they effectively promote thinking in actors. Congratulations, Derek, and thanks for this post!
I'll be in contact with all participants concerning their prize, and we sure will have a summer of blog next year again! And now let's hear some virtual applause for the six authors!
LONDON (Reuters) - British police have arrested a “large part of the network” behind this week's Manchester suicide bombing but more arrests are likely, the country's top counter-terrorism officer said on Friday.
Police officers stand on guard outside the car park of the Manchester Arena, in central Manchester, Britain May 26, 2017. REUTERS/Phil Noble
Mark Rowley said “immense” progress had been made in the investigation into Salman Abedi, who killed 22 people, seven of them children, at a pop concert in Manchester on Monday.
“They're very significant, these arrests. We're very happy we've got our hands around some of the key players that we are concerned about. But as I say, there is still a little bit more to do,” Rowley told broadcasters.
Since the attack, armed police backed up by the army have been patrolling cities and trains. Interior minister Amber Rudd said the official threat risk remained at its highest level, “critical”, meaning another attack is expected imminently.
Hospitals have been warned to be ready. However, Security Minister Ben Wallace said there was no evidence of a specific threat over Britain's holiday weekend, when major events will take place including Saturday's soccer FA Cup final in London, where extra armed officers will be on duty.
As campaigning for a national election on June 8 resumed after it was suspended following the attack, the opposition Labour Party, emboldened by its rise in opinion polls, charged that Britain's foreign policy had increased the risk of attacks.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn also chided Conservative Prime Minister Theresa May for cutting spending on policing. “We must be brave enough to admit the ‘war on terror' is not working,” they said.
May hit back. “Jeremy Corbyn has said that terror attacks are our own fault,” they said. “I want to make one thing very clear to Jeremy Corbyn and to you, and it is that there can never, ever be an excuse for terrorism.”
May was speaking to reporters at a summit of Group of Seven leaders in Sicily where they won support for action to prevent militants from using the internet to spread propaganda.
A new poll showed Labour had closed the gap with May's Conservatives to 5 points, suggesting a far tighter race than previously anticipated.
Nine people are being held by police following the bombing at the Ariana Grande concert, including a man arrested on Friday evening. A further two people who were arrested earlier in the week have been released.
The Guardian newspaper, without citing sources, said three of the 10 people arrested so far were brothers who were believed to be cousins of the bomber. Abedi's father and two brothers have also been arrested in Britain and in Libya.
Grande, who returned to the United States shortly after Monday's attack, said on Friday they would hold a benefit concert in Manchester for the victims of the bombing.
ELECTION CAMPAIGN
Police hunting for the suspected Islamist network behind Abedi, the 22-year-old British-born man with Libyan parents who blew themselves up as crowds left Monday's concert, were questioning the eight arrested men, aged between 18 and 38. Buildings across Manchester and northwest England were raided.
On their first official trip to Britain as U.S. secretary of state, Rex Tillerson said “all across America, hearts are broken” by the attack.
British police briefly suspended intelligence sharing with the United States on Thursday after confidential details of their investigation repeatedly appeared in U.S. media. Tillerson said the allies' close security relationship would survive.
“We take full responsibility for that and we obviously regret that that happened,” Tillerson said.
Corbyn, a veteran anti-war campaigner, said foreign policy was not solely to blame for terrorism but they would deploy troops abroad only “when there is a clear need”, distancing themselves from the interventionist approach that has seen Britain join the United States and other allies in military action in Iraq, Syria, Libya and Afghanistan in recent years.
“Many experts, including professionals in our intelligence and security services, pointed out the connections between wars that we've been involved in or supported ... in other countries, such as Libya, and terrorism here at home,” they said.
Opponents accused Corbyn of politicising the Manchester attack. “To suggest that there is any link, that there is any justification, for the events that took place on Monday night in Manchester with UK foreign policy is outrageous,” Rudd said.
They said the security services had foiled 18 plots since 2013. However, with almost 20,000 fewer police than when the Conservatives came to power in 2010, concern about police cuts is now likely to become a major issue in the election campaign.
“We're now 20,000 police officers down, and we get atrocities like this. Does the government not expect this?” one voter, who was not named, asked Rudd on the BBC's Question Time programme on Thursday night.
Corbyn promised to reverse the police cuts, many of them implemented by May in their previous role as interior minister, and said Britain could not be “protected on the cheap”.
Slideshow (6 Images)
Rudd said counter-terrorism was adequately resourced, and denied the cuts had made it harder to prevent Monday's attack.
May called the snap election to strengthen their hand in negotiations on Britain's exit from the European Union. But their campaign hit trouble last week when they pledged to make elderly people pay more for their social care. They were forced on Monday to backtrack on a policy dubbed the “dementia tax” by opponents.
Support for May's Conservatives fell to 43 percent while backing for Labour rose to 38 percent in the latest YouGov poll, helping to send sterling to a one-month low against the U.S. dollar.
The Associated Students (AS) of UCSB is launching AS in IV, a strategic planning process to decide how best to spend our financial and human resources in Isla Vista, and we really want to hear from YOU!
The AS Office of the President is leading the strategic planning process, AS in IV, during the Fall of 2014. AS in IV includes:
A community-wide online survey to get feedback from Isla Vista residents, employees, and frequent visitors.
Community forums to delve deeper into the issues.
The creation of a 3-5 year Strategic Plan for Associated Students in Isla Vista.
TAKE THE SURVEY NOW using these links:
English: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/ASinIVEnglish
Spanish: https://es.surveymonkey.com/r/ASinIVEspanol
The community survey is available both online and in person at the Pardall Center and the AS Main Office.
Why are we launching AS in IV?
Since its beginning, AS has been heavily involved with and invested in the community of Isla Vista:
Student agency has helped to build many Isla Vista institutions, including the Isla Vista Food Cooperative, the Isla Vista Neighborhood Clinic, and the Isla Vista Teen Center, among numerous others.
Every year, we invest more than $500,000 in direct funding to Isla Vista community-based programs and services, as highlighted in the AS in IV Report. We run a Tenant's Union, volunteer services, a Legal Resource Center, and sponsor community events, to name a few. We run the Pardall Center, and most of us are IV residents.
AS and UCSB students, faculty and staff as a whole, invest thousands of volunteer hours yearly, sharing our knowledge, skills, experience, compassion, and more in service to the IV community.
Please join us in looking toward the future and working to make Isla Vista the best it can be. We look forward to your participation!
Thank you,
Ali Guthy
ASUCSB President
U.S. Rep. Matt Gaetz talks during a press conference in Pensacola on April 10, 2017, about problems with the Navy's T-45 fleet. (Photo: News Journal file photo)
Rep. Matt Gaetz is calling on Congress to end the tax-exempt status of the NFL's business office in the wake of controversy over players and team owners kneeling during the national anthem.
Gaetz, Northwest Florida's Republican member of congress, took to the floor of the House of Representatives on Tuesday and said players have a constitutional right to free speech, but Americans shouldn't subsidize a sport whose players act unpatriotically.
More: Moon: Do you always stand for the national anthem?
"When people kneel during our national anthem, they don't simply indict the issue with which they have some particular grievance," said Gaetz, R-Fort Walton Beach. "They indict our country, our service members, our first-responders, our founding fathers and the principles that made this country great."
Gaetz's office also announced in a press release that they have become the lead sponsor of the Pro Sports Act, a bill that removes the tax-exempt status of the NFL's League Office, which was created in 1966.
Former Rep. Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah, introduced the bill in January, but it has been without a lead sponsor since Chaffetz resigned from Congress in June.
“If players want to protest, they have that right — but they should do it on their own time, and on their own dime.” Matt Gaetz
The tax exemption only applies to the NFL's central office. The NFL voluntarily relinquished its tax-exempt status in 2015. Individual teams pay taxes on their profits.
Gaetz said they wanted to make the voluntary relinqueshment permanent under the tax code.
"We must close this loophole in the tax code, and end taxpayer subsidies for professional athletics," Gaetz said in the release. "If players want to protest, they have that right — but they should do it on their own time, and on their own dime."
Read or Share this story: http://www.pnj.com/story/news/politics/2017/09/26/matt-gaetz-tax-exempt-status-nfl-national-anthem-protests/706153001/
We know who will be terrorizing the heroes of Supergirl and The Flash during the musical crossover, but now we know when!
The vast majority of the action will take place during The Flash‘s March 21 episode, with the musical kicking off at the end of Supergirl‘s March 20 hour, similar to the Invasion crossover.
As EW previously reported, the crossover villain will be the Music Meister, who has the power to control people through song. They were famously brought to life in the animated series Batman: The Brave and the Bold, where they were voiced by Neil Patrick Harris. Casting has not yet been announced.
The Flash hour of the crossover, titled “Duet,” will be directed by Dermott Downs, and will feature musical performances from Grant Gustin, Melissa Benoist, Jesse L. Martin, Victor Garber (who currently stars on Legends of Tomorrow), Carlos Valdes, Jeremy Jordan, and John Barrowman (the Arrow alum also stars on Legends). Supergirl‘s David Harewood and Chris Wood will also have non-singing guest star appearances.
Supergirl returns Monday, while The Flash returns Tuesday, both at 8 p.m. ET, on The CW.
Former Tokyo medical school site is linked to Unit 731, branch of imperial army which used prisoners in germ warfare programme
Authorities in Japan have begun excavating the former site of a medical school that may contain the remains of victims of the country's wartime biological warfare programme.
The school has links to Unit 731, a branch of the imperial Japanese army that conducted lethal experiments on prisoners as part of efforts to develop weapons of mass destruction.
The Japanese government has previously acknowledged the unit's existence but refused to discuss its activities, despite testimony from former members and growing documentary evidence. In 2002 a Japanese court said Tokyo was under no obligation to compensate victims.
The government agreed to launch a ¥100m (£741,000) investigation after Toyo Ishii, a former nurse, said they had helped bury body parts on the site as the US occupation forces moved into Tokyo at the end of the second world war. Officials said so far there was no evidence the site had been used for experiments.
"We are not certain if the survey will find anything," Kazuhiko Kawauchi, a health ministry official, told Associated Press. "If anything is dug up, it may not be related to Unit 731."
Experts believe that if the excavation yields physical evidence that Japan conducted experiments on live humans, the government would face pressure to discuss the country's wartime conduct. "If bones or organs with traces of live medical experiments are found, the government would have to admit a wartime medical crime," said Yasushi Torii, head of a group that has been investigating the case for decades. "This is a start, although we will probably need more evidence to prove Unit 731's involvement."
Ishii, 88, broke their 61-year silence in 2006, claiming that they and colleagues had been ordered to bury numerous corpses, bones and body parts in the grounds following Japan's surrender in August 1945.
The then conservative government met with Ishii five years ago over their claims and pledged to pursue the case.
However, authorities held off on excavation until residents had been relocated and their apartments demolished last year. The current left-of-centre administration, which took office in 2009, has shown greater willingness to examine the darker episodes in Japan's wartime history.
The site in Tokyo's Shinjuku district is close to another where the mass graves of dozens of people who may have been victims of wartime experiments was uncovered in 1989.
Investigators concluded, however, that the remains, which included skulls with holes drilled through them or sections removed, were not connected to Unit 731 and that there was no evidence of criminal activity.
The health ministry concluded that the remains were those of non-Japanese Asians that had been used in "medical education" or recovered from war zones for analysis in Japan.
Unit 731, based in Harbin in northern China, conducted experiments on tens of thousands of mostly Chinese and Korean prisoners, and a small number of Allied prisoners of war. Some historians estimate up to 250,000 people were subjected to experiments. The remains of some are thought to have been transported from China to Tokyo for analysis.
According to historical accounts, male and female prisoners, named "logs" by their torturers, were subjected to vivisection without anaesthesia after they had been deliberately infected with diseases such as typhus and cholera. Some had limbs amputated or organs removed.
Leading members of the unit were secretly granted immunity from prosecution in return for giving US occupation forces access to years of biological warfare research. Some went on to occupy prestigious positions in the pharmaceutical industry, health ministry and academia.
Human guinea pigs
Japan's push into China began in 1931, and had become an occupation of large areas of the country by 1937, the year of the notorious Nanking massacre, in which, by some historical estimates, between 250,000 and 300,000 people in the city were killed. Those figures are disputed by some Japanese historians, who say the death toll was lower.
Unit 731 began conducting germ warfare experiments from its headquarters in Harbin, north-east China, in the mid-1930s, using human guinea pigs to develop biological weapons to assist Japan's push into regions in the south-east.
In 2004, a Chinese survivor described to the Guardian how their home on Zhejiang province, south-east China, had been attacked by plague-inflected fleas dropped by Japanese occupation forces. Records show that hundreds of thousands of Chinese civilians were infected with the plague and other diseases.
As Japan confronted defeat in the summer of 1945, the unit's leader, Lieutenant General Shiro Ishii, told researchers to take their secrets to the grave and ordered their troops to demolish the unit's compound in Harbin.
But some former members of Unit 731 have come forward to discuss the past. They include Akira Makino, a former doctor who in 2006 said they had been ordered to conduct experiments on condemned men while stationed on the island of Mindanao in the Philippines.
DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Co will cut nearly a quarter of its U.S. pension obligation by transferring the management of its pension plans for 118,000 white-collar retirees to a third party and offering lump-sum buyouts.
The two moves unveiled on Friday will cut $26 billion from the automaker's massive U.S. pension liability of nearly $109 billion. GM's pension overhang is a top concern for investors. It was one of a handful of issues left untouched during GM's U.S.-financed bankruptcy restructuring three years ago.
"There are lots of companies with pension plans. Very few have plans in the absolute or relative size as us," Chief Financial Officer Dan Ammann said during a conference call.
"We would like to get back into the category where this is sort of a non-issue for us," Ammann added. "That doesn't mean eliminating it completely, but obviously we've taken a big step in the right direction today."
The automaker also announced a third pension-related move. GM will shift most of its salaried employees and a small number of retirees who started receiving pension benefits on or after December 1, 2011, to a new pension plan that GM will continue to pay for. These retirees are not part of the 118,000 affected by the pension overhaul announced Friday.
GM will buy a group annuity contract from a unit of Prudential Financial Inc , which will pay and manage benefit payments starting in January 2013 to retirees who are ineligible or elect not to take a lump-sum pension buyout.
GM will also offer pension buyouts to about 42,000 retirees and their surviving beneficiaries, who will have until July 20 to make a decision. The company will start sending those offers to eligible retirees next week.
To fund the transaction, GM will shift $29 billion from its pension plan assets to Prudential and put in between $3.5 billion and $4.5 billion in cash. GM's pension shortfall will also narrow by $1 billion.
GM will take a special charge of between $2.5 billion and $3.5 billion in the second half of the year. It will also result in a $200 million non-cash hit to earnings.
"Although the transaction doesn't come cheap, it serves a very important purpose of permanently de-risking 25 percent of GM's U.S. pension obligation," Citi analyst Itay Michaeli said.
The shift to Prudential and the buyouts are expected to be completed at the end of this year. The pension changes do not affect white-collar retirees' eligibility for post-retirement healthcare, life insurance and a vehicle discount.
UAW PENSIONS IN FOCUS
A growing concern for decades as U.S. automakers lost market share to foreign-based automakers in their home country, pension costs became an albatross for the U.S. industry with the sector's downturn five years ago.
Over a 15-year stretch that ended in 2006, GM put $55 billion into its workers' pension plans, compared with $13 billion it paid out in dividends, according to the 2008 book, 'While America Aged" by Roger Lowenstein.
"We will be less exposed to the funding volatility and calls on cash we have experienced in the past, which in turn, will improve our flexibility to deploy cash for alternate uses," Ammann said on Friday.
The announcement is part of a series of steps that GM and its smaller rival Ford Motor Co have taken to manage the risks posed by their pension obligations, which have hit the stock prices and the credit ratings of both automakers.
This summer, Ford will begin offering pension buyouts to the first wave of 98,000 white-collar retirees and former employees who are vested in their pension plan. The move could lop off one-third of Ford's U.S. pension liability.
GM retirees represented by the United Auto Workers union are not affected by Friday's announcement. Hourly retirees account for the bulk of GM's U.S. pension obligation.
Last year, GM and the UAW agreed to discuss ways to cut the risk posed by GM's pension plan during contract negotiations.
During the conference call, Ammann declined to shed light on those talks, beyond saying that pensions were a "significant topic of discussion" during those meetings.
"We have generally agreed with the UAW that we will maintain a dialogue on pensions going forward and continue to look at de-risking alternatives, but anything we discuss with them on that remains private between us and them," Ammann said.
A UAW spokesperson could not be immediately reached.
GM MOVE COULD TRIGGER OTHERS -FITCH
Ammann said the pension moves represented an "important step" toward GM obtaining an investment-grade credit rating. Fitch Ratings described the changes as "incrementally positive" to GM's rating.
"Today's transaction could spark other companies to consider similar transactions in the future to reduce exposure to plan volatility," Fitch Ratings analyst Stephen Brown said.
Ammann said GM does not have an estimate for how many retirees would likely take the lump-sum offer. The company is offering free independent financial counseling and group meetings for those eligible for lump-sum payments. GM also has established websites to outline the pension changes.
GM has also created two separate call centers to help answer retirees' questions.
Before the pension announcement, GM shares were down as much as 3.4 percent as the automaker posted weaker-than-expected May auto sales.
But the stock recouped its losses and rose as much as 5.1 percent on the news of the pension changes. GM shares closed at $22.01, down slightly less than 1 percent.
(Reporting By Deepa Seetharaman and Ben Klayperson; Editing by Bernadette Baum, Carol Bishopric, Gunna Dickson and Jan Paschal)
Playboy magazine is putting the clothes back on.
Executives for the magazine's parent company revealed that the publication will no longer publish fully nude photos of women as part of an upcoming redesign in a piece published Monday by the New York Times.
The change will take effect in March 2016.
According to the Times, Playboy editor Cory Jones approached magazine founder Hugh Hefner last month with the idea to drop nude photos from the print edition. Hefner, who is still listed on the masthead as editor-in-chief, gave the idea their blessing.
Also Read: Playboy Slaps MediaTakeOut With Lawsuit Over Azealia Banks Nude Photos
“You're now one click away from every sex act imaginable for free,” Playboy CEO Scott Flanders told the paper. “And so it's just passé at this juncture.”
Playboy's print circulation, once measured in millions, is now about 800,000, according to Alliance for Audited Media.
The magazine will still include photo spreads of women in provocative poses. But the move marks the latest step away from depictions of nudity, which were banned from the magazine's website last August.
Halifax Acupuncture Pain Treatment Center
Visit us at Facebook!
Who are we?
The “I Stop Pain” Acupuncture Center is owned by Registered Acupuncturists Tom Tian and Wei Yuan. Since we opened our center in 2007, we have served more than 2000 patients. We have treated different kind of ailments: chronic pain like neck and shoulder pain, headache and migraine, tennis elbow, arthritis, back pain, frozen shoulders, heel pain; emotion problems like depression, anxiety, stress and insomnia; other health issue like menopause, infertility, quite smoking, weight loss, low energy and so on. We very much enjoy meeting and treating clients here in Halifax.
The Centre is conveniently located at the corner of Young Street and Robie Street in Halifax and offers free parking.
We are located on the ground floor of the building so that patients who have mobility issues do not have to manage stairs. The professional atmosphere will make you feel comfortable, relaxed, and prepared to receive effective treatment. We are a husband and wife team and work in conjunction with one another in order to best serve our patients and their individual needs.
Listen to what Patients have to say about us:
Lynn: "I was injured in a motor vehicle accident 8 years ago, and have since that time undergone many types of treatments for chronic pain, some of which include osteopathy, chiropractic, physiotherapy, and narcotic pain management. This past December on a day my pain levels were extremely high I called “I Stop Pain” and made an appointment to see Tom. When I arrived at their clinic my pain level was 9.5 out of 10. When Tom was finished our first session of acupuncture my level of pain was reduced to 3 out of 10. My pain level had not been that low in many years."
Mike: "I have had lower back pain for three years that can really flare up and incapacitate me. The treatment at the “I Stop Pain Clinic” was miraculous. I walked in a skeptic and walked out a believer. My back feels great!”
We have successfully treated close to 1,000 patients since opening our clinic at the end of 2007.
Why Acupuncture works?
Acupuncture and other Chinese medicines are based upon meridians, the subtle energy system in the body, which was discovered by the Chinese over 5,000 years ago. All ailments and emotional disorders are the result of the disruption of this subtle energy system. By using acupuncture to stimulate the acu-points we restore the balance of meridians and promote the incredible self-healing power of the human body. It deals with the cause of the illness and it ultimately results in long term healing.
Acupuncture and many of the other traditional Chinese medicines we employ are also very effective in preventing diseases. We are able to identify signs of imbalance and make adjustments before an illness becomes disabling.
What ailments are effectively treated by acupuncture?
Acupuncture can treat a wide range of ailments from physical problems to emotional disorders. The World Health Organization recommends acupuncture as treatment for over 100 ailments. In reality it has been proven effective in many more. These include:
1. Pain associated with headaches & migraines, tennis elbow, arthritis, stomachache, fibromalyia, neck and shoulder injuries, back pain, TMJ, frozen shoulders, carpal tunnel and more.
2. Emotional disorders associated with depression, stress, anxiety, panic attacks, insomnia, phobias, cravings and more.
3. Other problems including menopause, weight loss, allergies, asthma, facial paralysis, infertility, smoking cessation, ED, poor blood circulation, detoxification and more.
If you've been unable to get relief from conventional treatments, come in for a consultation and learn more about how we can help you.
Insurance policies
Acupuncture treatment is covered by most insurance policies. If you have health benefits from the following insurance companies, direct billing may be available.
- Blue Cross
- Great-West Life
- Sun Life Financial
- Manulife Financial
- Dalhousie University Student VIP Health Plan
- Chamber of Commerce Group Insurance
- SACB-HDP (For Saudi Student)
- Cowan
- Desjardins Insurance
- Industrial Alliance
- Johnson Inc.
- Maximum Benefit or Johnston Group
- Standard Life
Posh make second signing of the day with the arrival of Souleymane Coulibaly.
Peterborough United have secured the signing of former Tottenham Hotspur striker Souleymane Coulibaly after the frontman impressed in a short trial with the football club.
The 20-year-old spent three years at White Hart Lane and scored 14 goals in nine appearances for the Ivory Coast under 20 side.
While playing for the Ivory Coast under 20s, they bagged a hat-trick against Brazil and was linked with a host of top European clubs.
'I am really happy to be here, to play in England is something that I have wanted to do for a very long time. I was on trial at Crewe, but when Peterborough contacted me and invited me to come in and train, it was something that I wanted to do.
'I spent three years at Tottenham but I never played in the first team, it was only friendly games. I left, but I am very excited to play and do my best for the team. I can't wait to get started.'
Manager Dave Robertson said: 'I think a few people might think that because we played Tottenham that is how the deal was done, but they have been on our radar for a while as part of our recruitment strategy and it is great to have them on board. They have been training with us and we know what they can bring to us.'
Coulibaly willl wear the number 28 shirt for the football club.
Although they are two completely separate people, these accomplished teens share a body and have just two arms and legs between them. Born in 1990, the girls have been brought up in a small, tightly knit community in Minnesota, almost completely protected from prying eyes and inquisitive stares.
To their friends and family, they are distinct people with very different personalities, needs, tastes and desires. But to the outside world they are a medical mystery – particularly given the fact that they can do virtually all the same things as their friends, including playing the piano, riding a bike, swimming and playing softball “Their personalities make them inspirational,” says their mother Patty. “They never give up; anything they want to do, they go out and do it.”
The medical world is keen to find out how two separate brains and nervous systems can work in such a perfectly co-ordinated way, but the twins and their family have always resisted non-essential medical tests. “The family want to treat them as though they are just like everyone else,” says Joy Westerdahl, the girls' doctor, who admits that it is a mystery how their unique physiology functions. As they enter adulthood, the twins are likely to leave the haven of their home town and face the wider world. In preparation for that time, they have taken part in this intimate documentary to show the world what it is like to be joined for life
The biggest electronic music festival outside of Europe, and a spectacular, all-conquering force of nature – Electric Daisy Carnival has come a long way since its underground beginnings in 1991.
After a series of on-and-off raves in Los Angeles, 1997 was the year Insomniac's co-founder Pasquale Rotella took over and the first EDC as we knew it took place in Shrine Hall Expo, Los Angeles.
Throughout the years EDC has passed through and set up bases across America and all over the planet. We take a look at what makes America's answer to Ibiza so special, hunt down the distinctive characters of the festival's editions around the world, and find out what's in store for the future of one of the USA's greatest exports.
👯👯 #EDC #EDCUK #performers #circus #clowns #carnival #love A photo posted by Electric Daisy Carnival UK (@edc_uk) on Jul 11, 2015 at 8:35am PDT
A Mind-Blowing, Unique New World
Going to an EDC festival is like stepping into someone's colourful imagination, as locations are completely transformed into a fairground-meets-fairytale dreamworld.
7.5 tons of paper confetti were used at this year's EDC Las Vegas, while festival stages range from sky-filling scenic visions to microcosms of party culture. Each area unites conceptual elements of technology and nature, with art installations from fire-breathing structures to interactive pieces providing another level of neon sensory overload.
Aside the from the LED and glow and dark environments around the festival, the carnival rides themselves are free and range from classic ferris wheels to all kinds of fun surprises, spinning and weaving through the sky.
A great addition to the vivid adventure are the many performers around the festival, both on the stages and around the rides. Circus acts, professional dancers, acrobats and all kinds of mischievous characters are constantly around for photo opps and party persuasions.
Every Edition Stands Out From the Rest
With a mission to create "an environment where you can celebrate life, love, art and music, and be the truest version of yourself," each and every event encapsulates the essence of the Electric Daisy Carnival environment.
While every edition features the famous kineticFIELD stage, the neonGARDEN area, endless free rides, phenomenal art and friendly performers alongside world-dominating electronic lineups, there are a few things that set each event apart.
EDC Las Vegas is the worldwide mother ship event. The largest of all, its 2015 attendance totalled 400,000 ravers over 3 days; meanwhile the kineticFIELD is the single biggest festival main stage in North America. Just take a look for yourself:
The Vegas edition also boasts a grandstand where you can get a fantastic view of the whole festival landscape, and two stages with a character all of their own: the wasteLAND features "harder styles of music," and the jumping funkHOUSE stage packs in sounds of soul, funk, hiphop and RnB.
Away from the Mojave Desert, EDC Orlando, EDC UK and EDC New York distil the experience down into bitesize versions that, while not on the same scale of the Vegas edition, still impress by embodying the authentic EDC experience.
And each one has its own quirks, with areas and stages that reflect the local dance scene of each host city. Orlando's neonGARDEN and the UK's cosmicMEADOW are havens for trance fans, while New York's neonGARGEN is the go-to place for house and techno. Fans of bass, trap and drum 'n' bass should check out New York's cosmicMEADOW; worshippers of dubstep, hiphop and trap would love Orlando's Circuit Grounds, and further south at EDC Mexico, the country's household names and finest up-and-coming talent are celebrated on the localFLAVOR stage.
Unforgettable Moments
Every year promises special memories and unbelievable highlights. We've stretched back through EDC's incredible history to pick out 3 moments that sum up the unique atmosphere that only Electric Daisy Carnival can create.
#1 - At 2015's Las Vegas event, Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston appeared on stage to press the play button for Above & Beyond's song "Walter White."
#2 - Las Vegas is also famous for spontaneous weddings, and 2013 saw the introduction of wedding chapels at the event. Packages included all kinds of perks from an "Electric Daisy Bouquet" to an "Electric Elvis" themed ceremony.
#3 - EDC has been captured in not one but TWO documentaries: the Electric Daisy Carnival Experience (2001) featured live concert footage and interviews with the likes of David Guetta, Moby, Deadmau5 and Will.i.am, while Under The Electric Sky (2014) chronicled the "community and life of festival-goers" and had its world premiere at the Sundance Film Festival.
A Bold, Colourful Future
So as the "owl community" turns its gaze to the future, what lies in wait across the globe? EDC's South American adventure will finally get underway when the party machine rolls into São Paulo this December. EDC Brasil's inaugural two-day spectacular is set to feature Tiësto, Skrillex, Martin Garrix, Jamie Jones, Yellow Claw, Knife Party and countless more artists from the front line of electronic music, as well as the super fun boomboxARTCAR – a mobile art piece with a travelling DJ, taking the party from one end of the festival to the next.
And just around the corner, EDC Tokyo will mark Insomniac's first ever venture into Asia in July 2016. But by bit, the world's biggest travelling Carnival is making its way to every corner of the planet, and if the last quarter-century is anything to go by, we're in for a hell of a ride.
Tickets and packages for EDC UK 2016 are available now. If you're holding out for one of the other worldwide locations, watch this space for upcoming news…!
The ongoing crisis at the Fukushima No. 1 plant is a sign that the world needs to seriously rethink nuclear safety and consider possibly ending its dependence on atomic power, the former chairperson of the U.S. Nuclear Regulatory Commission said Tuesday in Tokyo.
“When you look at what happened around the Fukushima Daiichi (No. 1) area, it's simply unacceptable,” as tens of thousands of people have been unable to return to their homes due to radioactive contamination, said Gregory Jaczko, who served as the top U.S. nuclear regulatory official for nearly three years until July 2012.
Given that Japan is extremely prone to earthquakes and tsunami, among other disasters, using nuclear power poses serious risks unless some kind of new technology is created to completely eliminate the possibility of severe accidents, Jaczko told reporters at the Foreign Correspondents' Club of Japan.
However, Jaczko also said that creating such zero-risk technology is next to impossible.
Instead, Jaczko said, they hope Japan pours its resources and energy into coming up with ways to function without atomic power.
“I think the Japanese people have the ability to do that,” they said.
While Japan's atomic watchdog, the Nuclear Regulation Authority, is now examining requests from utilities to restart reactors, Jaczko stressed the importance of getting the public actively involved in the process.
“There needs to be a thorough public debate and a public dialogue to ensure that those decisions” have received as much support from the public as possible, said Jaczko, who headed the NRC when the Fukushima crisis erupted on March 11, 2011.
As for the ongoing issue of tainted groundwater flowing into the ocean at the No. 1 plant, Jaczko expressed befuddlement that the issue has only recently come under the spotlight.
“This was known from the beginning that there would potentially be these contamination problems,” they said.
Actor Donald Sutherland, who played President Snow in the film adaptation of The Hunger Games, believes that the franchise has the potential to spur a global millennial revolution.
They even reminisced in one interview about the "revolutionary" energy they felt as a young man, after watching a double-feature (Federico Fellini's La Strada and Stanley Kubrick's Paths of Glory) in Toronto in 1954. They were so outraged by the representation of social inequality in the double-bill that they felt compelled to throw gravels at the presumably empty street in protest against injustice.
While teaching at Bir Zeit University in Palestine this year, I could not suppress another image that is often played and replayed in the media: The image of young Palestinian children - some of whom could not be older than four or five years old - being arrested by the Israeli occupation army on a daily basis for throwing pebbles and stones on similarly empty streets.
Theatres for many of these children remain a luxury they cannot afford anyway, even if there were theatres in Ramallah. These children will also need special permits from the occupation authorities to exit the Occupied Territories to watch movies across the green line.
The Hunger Games franchise raises questions not only about the kind of revolution the franchise envisions and its ultimate goals, but more importantly, about the youth they have in mind and exactly where in the world they are. As I watched the second instalment of The Hunger Games: Catching Fire in a state-of-the-art theatre in Haifa two weeks ago, I wondered whether the franchise can live up to its alleged revolutionary potential.
In Hollywood's ideological universe, as the Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Zizek points out, a film's romantic story line usually adds an 'ideological surplus-enjoyment' that diverts the spectators' attention from its underlying revolutionary theme, if it is there in the first place.
Two things caught my attention during the film: First, the presence of several young Israeli soldiers in uniform, in the row in front of me, among the many young Israeli movie-goers. And second, the two rounds of applause that interrupted the movie - a spontaneous, intense and prolonged round of applause in response to the kiss that the two contestants-lovers, Katniss and Peeta, shared; and a more localised and weak round after Katniss shot an electrified arrow into the centre of the dome that short-circuited the hologram field, leading to its collapse and the rescue of the hero.
The first round of applause that reverberated in the theatre foretold that any revolutionary content that might have presumably been encoded in the film has already been sapped and sacked. In Hollywood's ideological universe, as the Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Zizek points out, a film's romantic story line usually adds an "ideological surplus-enjoyment" that diverts the spectators' attention from its underlying revolutionary theme, if it is there in the first place.
Panem as Palestine
On the surface, there might be no apparent parallels between the fictional dystopian world of Panem and Israel's apartheid policies and Zionist settler-colonialism in Palestine, but the structural realities are not that much different.
But how did these young Israeli spectators, both civilian and military, decode the images on the screen - could they have related the fragmentation of Panem into districts to the excruciating realities of the Palestinian cantons, or the brutalisation of the masses in the fictional and real world? On whom did they project these images as they witnessed these fictional realities?
Witnessing up close the escalating levels of youth racism and violence against Palestinians and African immigrants and other asylum seekers in Israel, I wondered how these spectators decode the images of oppression, injustice, and potential revolution, and relate to them. The romantic scene guarantees that these spectators reinvest their emotional and libidinal energies away from the revolutionary subtext, making it also possible for them to endure the boring details of the spectacle of mutual annihilation called the Quartet Quell.
The second round of applause, however weak it was, might indicate that some people do genuinely believe in the revolution and that such Hollywood franchises can, in fact, usher the global revolution to come. Not so fast. In this so-called post-ideological age, as Zizek surmises, people enjoy large doses of ideological cynicism, in that they know very well that in this case, the revolutionary messages and symbols that emerge out of Hollywood are mere ideological illusions. They know that these cultural commodities are nothing more than pop-culture escapist fantasies or "popcorn agitprops", but they still believe in them.
Re-enforcing myths
This ideological cynicism is carried out on two conditions: That people still feel free to do whatever they want and that they continue to believe - in these revolutionary messages - in so far as someone else, some Other, really believes for them. Belief, for Zizek, is always belief through the Other - for example, in Israel, debunking the founding Zionist mythologies, especially the ones that draw on unsubstantiated biblical myths, is very common among academics and the public, but people continue to believe in them because there is a huge number of Christian Zionists in the West that continues to believe in these myths for them.
That neoliberal global capitalism has absorbed and co-opted the major symbols and iconic figures of revolutionary theory and practice through Hollywood is nothing new.
Hollywood today is that stand-in for the symbolic Other that believes for us, so that we avoid being involved and continue going about our lives doing whatever we like. Hollywood can thus go on believing for us in the social revolution, trivialising and mystifying it, while neoliberal global capitalism turns revolutionary theory and practice into profitable commodities and marketable brands in a culture that, not only defines citizenship and civic engagement by purchasing power and consumption practices, but also uses these same revolutionary ideas as a vehicle for legitimising exploitation. Indeed, one might say that we are willing to pay increasingly exorbitant admission fees at the theatre not simply to be entertained, but to be relieved of the act of believing. In many ways, we hire an Other, Hollywood to be precise, to believe for us.
Revolution as commodity
That neoliberal global capitalism has absorbed and co-opted the major symbols and iconic figures of revolutionary theory and practice through Hollywood is nothing new. More importantly, it ends up not only rationalising exploitation but also inadvertently erasing the name of the problem today, namely, capitalism itself. Indeed, the absence of any reasonable critique of capitalism in The Hunger Games franchise is not accidental; the choice of Francis Lawrence as a director for the second instalment of the film was thus deliberate. Like in their other films, especially I Am Legend, Lawrence naturalises and normalises capitalism and its social relations, by disavowing the need for recognising the horrific dimension of the class struggle underpinning the fictional narrative world in both films.
When James Cameron's Avatar was released, Reuters circulated a photograph of Palestinian children, painted blue, brandishing arrows like the Navi tribe in that film, and wearing a keffiyeh around their waists, protesting the Israeli apartheid separation wall at Bilin. Many readers commented on the merits and faults of such images for the Palestinian liberation struggle, but one issue remained absent in this discussion: global capitalism itself, and how it delinks the commodification of such revolutionary images from the exploitation of the Palestinian struggle and identity, to conceal the logic of Israel's apartheid policies and Zionist settler-colonialism.
Dr Jamil Khader, Professor of English at Stetson University, is completing a year-long Fulbright Fellowship at Bir Zeit University, Palestine.  They are the author of numerous publications on postcolonial feminism, popular culture, and literary theory.  They are also the author of Cartographies of Transnationalism in Postcolonial Feminisms: Geography, Culture, Identity, Politics, and is the co-editor, with Molly Rothenberg, of a collection of essays on the Slovenian philosopher Slavoj Zizek, Zizek Now: Current Perspectives in Zizek Studies .
International survey shows reading skills of Irish pupils has improved significantly since 2011
The Minister for Education and Skills, Richard Bruton T.D., today launched the 2016 PIRLS (the Progress in International Reading Literacy Study) report, which shows that Ireland's primary school children are best in Europe and OECD countries for reading skills.
PIRLS is an international study which examines fifty countries every five years and reports on the reading achievement of pupils in Fourth Class. Fourteen of these countries, including Ireland, last year also took part in a new component (ePIRLS), which assesses reading in an online environment.
Minister Bruton has set the ambition to make Ireland's education and training service the best in Europe within a decade. Today's results show that the reading skills of our primary school children, both in the paper based and online assessment are among the best in all European and OECD countries.
Key Results
No country in Europe is better than Ireland for reading skills at primary level
Irish pupils' overall reading achievement score has improved by 15 points since the last cycle of the study which was in 2011
The gender gap in Ireland is smaller than that the gap internationally. Furthermore, this gap has narrowed significantly between 2011 and 2016 in Ireland
Since the last study in 2011, the number of pupils in Ireland with only basic reading skills has dropped significantly
The percentage of Irish pupils who have advanced reading skills rose from 16% in 2011 to 21% in 2016, which is much higher than the international average in PIRLS
Irish pupils also performed exceptionally well on the new online reading assessment in ePIRLS. Only one other country (Singapore) outperformed Ireland on this test
PIRLS 2016 data does not compare pupils' performance in DEIS and non-DEIS schools. However, the most recently available data from the Educational Research Centre indicate that the reading achievement of pupils in DEIS primary schools has continued to improve from 2007 onwards. Much of this improvement has been among lower achievers.
Commenting on the report, Minister Bruton said:
“I would like to pay tribute to all principals, teachers and all those who made these fantastic results possible.
“I have set the ambition to make Ireland's education and training service the best in Europe by 2026. There are many aspects to achieving this ambition but few are more important than the ability of our education system to equip our children with exceptional literacy skills. I am delighted with the results of this internationally recognised, in-depth study, which shows that no country in Europe is better than Ireland for reading performance at primary level.
“I am also very encouraged by the significant improvements that have been made since the last cycle of PIRLS which was in 2011. These findings are consistent with a number of other recent, major reports including the National Assessments of English Reading and Mathematics 2014 and PISA 2015.
“Being literate is a fundamental skill. It enables our young people to confidently participate in education and fulfil their full potential in life. The basic aim of this Government is to sustain our economic progress and use it to build a fair and compassionate society. Ensuring our children are highly literate ensures they are given the best start in life. .”
They commended the report's authors and thanked all of the pupils, teachers, principals and parents who took part in the study and responded to the questionnaires.
Eemer Eivers, one of the report's authors, said that “The results of the online reading assessment – ePIRLS – are particularly interesting. This is the first assessment of its kind at primary level and it is encouraging to see that most Irish pupils had little or no difficulty navigating through the complex online scenarios they encountered. Equally, they seem able to evaluate information in a digital environment – for example, identifying the more reliable sources of information and integrating information from multiple web pages.”
Lorraine Gilleece, another of the authors, noted that “A positive feature of the results is that the improvement in performance since 2011 is very balanced. We see improvements on all aspects of reading and types of texts, and both boys and girls have improved. Also, in Ireland boys have slightly narrowed the gender gap on what we call Literary style texts. Perhaps contrary to popular perception, boys here are well able to engage with and to enjoy literary texts.”
Note to Editors
Among all countries included in the study, only two out of fifty significantly outperformed Ireland in reading in the paper based assessment, compared to five out of 45 countries in PIRLS 2011. Only pupils in the Russian Federation and Singapore statistically significantly outperformed Irish pupils in 2016. On ePIRLS, the online component, only Singapore obtained a significantly higher mean score than Ireland's mean of 567 in 2016.
A note on mean scores and scales ‎
All PIRLS scores are reported on a scale which is set to a ‘centrepoint' of 500 set during the first PIRLS assessment in 2001. This is not the international average for PIRLS 2016. It is a constant reference point against which countries can monitor changes in their performance over time. Thus, we can directly compare Ireland's score of 567 in 2016 with our score of 552 in PIRLS 2011, and say that Ireland has improved by 15 points.
About PIRLS 2016
PIRLS is organised by the International Association for the Evaluation of Educational Achievement (IEA), a non-profit organisation based in The Hague, Netherlands. At an international level, the study is managed by the PIRLS & PIRLS International Study Centre in Boston College, USA. In Ireland, the Educational Research Centre (ERC) manages PIRLS on behalf of the Department of Education and Skills (DES), and provides the national report on PIRLS 2016.
As well as reading achievement, PIRLS provides detailed comparisons of home activities, teaching practices and characteristics of education systems in the various participating countries. The study operates on a five-year cycle, with the first administration taking place in 2001. Ireland has taken part in PIRLS once previously, in 2011.
Altogether, 50 countries participated in PIRLS, while 14 took part in ePIRLS. Approximately 340,000 pupils in 50 countries/regions (and 11 benchmarking participants) took part in ‎PIRLS. Benchmarking participants are sub-national regions or entities which must follow the same procedures and meet the same data quality standards as countries in order to participate (e.g., the province of Ontario, Canada, or the city of Madrid). As well as pupils, 330,000 parents, 16,000 teachers and 12,000 schools took part.
In Ireland, PIRLS and ePIRLS took place in schools in April 2016. The PIRLS assessment preceded the ePIRLS assessment, and both were conducted on separate days. In total, 4,607 pupils completed PIRLS, while a randomly selected subset of 2,473 pupils also completed ePIRLS. The ‎assessments were administered by teachers in participating schools. Each test was allocated 80 minutes, with a short break in the middle. After the PIRLS tests, and generally on ‎the same day, pupils completed questionnaires, which took about 30 minutes. ‎
Current and forthcoming national reports
The report released today – Reading achievement in PIRLS 2016: Initial report for Ireland – describes the reading achievement of pupils in Fourth Class, for both paper-based reading and reading in an online environment. It focuses on the results of the tests, and contains information on mean (average) performance, the distribution of performance (e.g., how higher- and lower-achieving pupils in Ireland compare to their peers in other countries), the percentage of pupils reaching each of four internationally-defined Benchmarks of achievement, and areas of relative strength and weakness in the performance of pupils in Ireland.
In 2018, a number of contextual reports will be published by the Educational ‎Research Centre that will examine the educational context in Ireland more broadly, together with ‎associations between contextual factors and pupil achievement. In particular, it will examine the relationship between performance on the online assessment and on the paper-based assessment.
More information
The report is available for free download from www.erc.ie. More information about PIRLS is also available from http://www.erc.ie/studies/pirls/. The authors and report title are as follows:
Eemer Eivers, Lorraine Gilleece & Emer Delaney. Reading achievement in PIRLS 2016: Initial report for Ireland. Dublin: Educational Research Centre.
On DEIS schools
Report on DEIS schools from the Education Research Centre: Kavanagh, Weir & Moran,. The evaluation of DEIS: Monitoring achievement and attitudes among urban primary school pupils from 2007 to 2016 (2017)
Senate Panel OKs $128 Billion For Afghanistan, Iraq Wars
By ANDREW TAYLOR
September 11, 2009 " Huffington Post " -- With hardly any debate, a powerful Senate committee Thursday approved President Barack Obama's $128 billion request for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan for the budget year beginning in October.
The move came as anxiety is increasing on Capitol Hill over the chances for success in Afghanistan and as Obama weighs whether to send more forces to the country.
The war funding was approved as the Appropriations Committee voted unanimously for a $636 billion spending measure funding next year's Pentagon budget. The war funding would implement Obama's order earlier this year to add 21,000 more troops to Afghanistan, which would bring the total number of U.S. forces there to 68,000 by the end of 2009.
There's ample skepticism in Congress that Obama's Iraq and Afghanistan funding request will be sufficient. A key lawmaker, Rep. John Murtha, D-Pa., predicts that an additional war funding will be needed next spring.
Senate panel chairperson Daniel Inouye, D-Hawaii, would not say whether they believe $128 billion would be enough for military operations in the two countries.
"Well, we're taking the word of the administration," Inouye said after the panel session.
The panel also generally followed Obama's recommendations to kill or cut several weapons systems, including the F-22 air-to-air combat fighter and the VH-71 replacement helicopter for an aging presidential transport fleet.
Obama and Defense Secretary Robert Gates have staked their prestige on killing several over-budget weapons systems, especially the F-22, which has its origins in the Cold War era and is poorly suited for anti-insurgent battles in Iraq and Afghanistan.
But in twin victories for the Boeing Co., the Senate measure includes $2.5 billion to fund 10 C-17 cargo planes assembled in Long Beach, Calif., which were not requested, and $512 million for nine more F-18 Navy fighters than Obama requested. They would be assembled in St. Louis, Mo.
The additional funding for Iraq and Afghanistan brings to $1 trillion-plus the amount of money set aside by Congress for those wars and other terrorism-fighting efforts since the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
The bill would cut $900 million from Obama's request for Afghan security forces, though the $6.6 billion provided still represents a 17 percent increase over current spending. Inouye says the Pentagon acknowledges the full budget request wouldn't be spent in the coming year and instead devoted the $900 million to bomb- and mine-resistant vehicles.
The bill also strongly rejects Obama's $100 million request for the Pentagon to close the Guantanamo Bay detention center in Cuba. It also contains stiff language that blocks any transfer, release or incarceration in the United States of any detainees held at the prison in Cuba. That's stronger than current restrictions, which allow transfer into the United States to stand trial.
Inouye also went along – for now – with administration's effort to kill a program to develop an alternate engine for the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter, the Air Force's major new weapons system. The second engine is funded by a companion House bill and would be built by the General Electric Co. and Rolls-Royce in Ohio, Indiana and elsewhere. The main F-35 engine is built in Connecticut by Pratt & Whitney.
Inouye has been a strong supporter of the second engine, and proponents are confident they will work to revive its funding during House-Senate talks.
The measure also contains $20 million for the development of the Edward M. Kennedy Institute for the Senate on the campus of the University of Massachusetts-Boston; the funding was inserted by Inouye at the request of John Kerry, D-Mass. Click on "comments" below to read or post comments Comment Guidelines
Be succinct, constructive and relevant to the story. We encourage engaging, diverse and meaningful commentary. Comments falling outside our guidelines – those including personal attacks and profanity – are not permitted . See our complete Comment Policy and use this link to notify us if you have concerns about a comment. We'll promptly review and remove any inappropriate postings. In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C. Section 107, this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior interest in receiving the included information for research and educational purposes. Information Clearing House has no affiliation whatsoever with the originator of this article nor is Information ClearingHouse endorsed or sponsored by the originator.)
Yeah, not very smart to use Fred Thompson to attack Obama over bin Laden. First off, Thompson said last year that Osama didn't really matter, he's “more symbolism than anything else.” Yeah, the symbol of 3,000 dead Americans and others on September 11. That's a symbol worth catching. But Thompson didn't stop there. They said last year that bin Laden ““should get due process if he's caught”. Now, why is that a problem? Because McCain has been railing all week against Obama for saying that there's no reason we can't try suspected terrorists in US courts, even if they're military courts. McCain says that's naive. And now McCain is using Thompson to further that attack on Obama. Except that Thompson said pretty what Obama said, if not far worse in McCain's thinking. Yesterday Team McCain put Giuliani out there to attack Obama on national security after McCain had said that Giuliani has zero national security experience. And now this. Seriously poorly managed campaign over in McCain-land.
Oneplus 3 is still far away from official launch as we are yet to hear anything official about it, but the leaks have started to flow in. Till now, we only knew that OnePlus 3 may be launched in July 2016. Today, Oneplus 3 is spotted on Bench-marking site Antutu and with this Antutu listing of Oneplus 3, we know some basic details of the next flagship from Oneplus.
The model number for Oneplus 3 is listed as OnePlus A3000. This Antutu listing reveals that the smartphone is powered by Qualcomm Snapdragon 820 with an Adreno 530 GPU. The smartphone comes with 4 GB of RAM and an internal storage of 32 GB.
The listing also reveals the Full HD display with a resolution of 1920 x 1080 pixels and runs on an operating system based on Android 6.0.1 Marshmallow.
In terms of camera, it sports a 16 MP main rear camera and a 8 MP front camera.
At the moment, we do not have any information about the Antutu Benchmark score of the Oneplus 3 as leak doesn't reveal that part of the information. We do hope that it will be revealed soon.
Stay tuned at Androidpure and we will keep you updated.
David Cameron is alleged to have called the former Rochester and Strood Conservative MP Mark Reckless a “fat arse” following their defection to UKIP.
Mr Cameron is reported to have made the remark during meetings with party activists at the Conservative party conference
In comments that appear to underline the deep fury among the Conservatives over the defection, the Prime Minister has also signalled their intent to take a leading role in the forthcoming by-election.
Mark Reckless with Nigel Farage in the Rochester Castle grounds
 They are said to have told members that volunteer “knocked on doors, stuffed envelopes, licked stamps to get their fat arse on the Commons benches, and this is how they repay them.”
Meanwhile, the Mayor of London Boris Johnson has raised eyebrows over a quip that UKIP defectors are “the sort of people that have sex with vacuum cleaners.”
Referring to the recent ban on powerful vacuum cleaners by the EU, Mr Johnson told a fringe meeting: "And I have read that there are some people – probably the type who are thinking of defecting to UKIP – who present themselves at A&E with barely credible injuries sustained through vacuum cleaner abuse.'
David Cameron: called murders "sickening."
Mr Reckless has acknowledged they are taking a gamble by calling a by-election saying it is a big risk and they could end up as footnote in political history.
They were contacted to comment on the remarks but has yet to do so.
In other by-election developments, the Liberal Democrats are expected to select a candidate to contest the seat on Friday.
Medway council councillor Geoff Juby, who fought the 2010 election, said they would apply for the nomination.
What do you think? Have the political insults gone too far? What does this say of our senior politicians? Are they right to be angry? Join the debate below.
Washington: US President-elect Donald Trump today appointed young Indian-American Raj Shah, who played a leading role in the Republican party's anti-Clinton campaign during polls, to a key White House position.
Shah, whose parents immigrated to the US from Gujarat, has been appointed as Deputy Assistant to the President and Deputy Communication Director and Research Director, as per an announcement made by the Presidential Transition Team. Shah, who is in their early 30s, is currently head of Opposition Research in the Republican National Committee.
In this position, they led a team of experts to carry out research against Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential candidate. Shah was behind all the anti-Clinton campaign during the presidential elections.
The announcement of Shah's appointment to this key White House position was made by incoming White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus along with other appointments.
“These individuals will be key leaders in helping to implement the President elect's agenda and bring real change to Washington,” Priebus said.
A second generation Indian American, Shah's parents are from Mumbai having origins from Gujarat. First their father came to the US for studies in the 1970s then moved back to India. But after marriage their father and mother moved back to the US in late 70s.
They lived in Chicago and then moved to Connecticut, where they were born and raised.
PTI
(Sarah Parnass,Jesse Mesner-Hage/The Washington Post)
Iraq's prime minister entered the city of Mosul on Sunday to declare victory in the nine-month battle for control of the Islamic State's former stronghold, signaling the near end of the most grueling campaign against the group to date and dealing a near-fatal blow to the survival of its self-declared caliphate.
On a walk through the city's eastern districts, Haider al-Abadi was thronged by men holding cameraphones as music blared and others danced in the streets.
“The world did not imagine that Iraqis could eliminate Daesh,” they said, using the Arabic acronym for the Islamic State. “This is all a result of the sacrifices of the heroic fighters who impressed the world with their courage.”
But in a sign of how tenaciously the Islamic State has fought, even as Abadi was touring the town, the sound of airstrikes echoed through the skies and smoke rose from the last pocket of territory the militants control, thought to be no more than 200 yards long and 50 yards wide.
The confusion of that moment came as a reminder that even though a complete victory now seems assured, it has come at a tremendous price. On a walk through Mosul's oldest quarters on Sunday, the stench of bodies filled the air. Between the rubble and rebar were the arms of a young child, still wrapped in pale pink sleeves.
As they toured the city, Abadi met commanders in west Mosul who led the battle but did not make a formal speech declaring the city free of militants, though one had been expected.
The battle has been the toughest yet in the Islamic State war, and one that lasted far longer than anticipated. When the offensive was launched in October, U.S. officials were privately predicting a two-month fight, expressing hope that mass civilian displacement and widespread destruction could be avoided.
Instead, the fight lasted for nine months, longer than the siege of Stalingrad and longer than the final Allied push into Germany in World War II. It has cost thousands of lives, uprooted hundreds of thousands of people and shattered vast stretches of the city.
1 of 48 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × The battle for Mosul View Photos Iraqi forces continue their most ambitious fight against the Islamic State. Caption Iraqi forces continue their most ambitious fight against the Islamic State. Iraqi Federal police celebrate in West Mosul. Alaa Al-Marjani/Reuters Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
And the declaration of victory does not end the war. The Islamic State cannot now roll back the array of forces ranged against it. It is on a path to defeat in the Syrian city of Raqqa, the original capital of the militants' so-called state, where an offensive launched by U.S.-backed Kurdish and Arab forces is making progress. But that battle is just getting started.
Over the past three years since the Islamic State leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi declared the existence of a “caliphate” in Mosul, their group has been driven out of 60 percent of the territory it once controlled in both Iraq and Syria, according to the U.S. military.
But that still leaves it in control of an extensive chunk of land spanning the border of the two countries and several other pockets, including key towns such as Hawija, Tal Afar and Qaim in Iraq and most of the entire province of Deir al-Zour in Syria.
As the battle for Mosul has demonstrated, the Islamic State is prepared to fight for every inch it holds, even as the neighborhoods its cadres lived in are destroyed around them. U.S. officials won't put a timeline on how much longer the war will last, but most analysts predict it will continue throughout this year and perhaps much of 2018.
And even after that there is the question of how and when the defeated militants will seek to regroup in the shadows of the ruined cities they have lost, to wage the kind of insurgency that fueled their rise in the decade before their conquests.
“Talk about complete military defeat is one thing. What ISIS devolves into is another discussion. Will they revert back into a terrorist organization?” said Col. Ryan Dillon, the U.S. military spokesperson in Baghdad, using another acronym for the Islamic State.
“The loss of Mosul means ISIS is no longer the same, for better or worse. It's no longer the quasi-state that it projected itself to be. But everything achieved against the group is fragile. The ideology is still there, the appeal is still there, and so are the divisions that helped them take power,” said Hassan Hassan, a resident fellow at the Tahrir Institute for Middle East Policy.
There is also the question of rebuilding Mosul. Many of the hundreds of thousands of people who fled the fighting to refugee camps nearby will find their homes destroyed. The scale of the misery is vast, and far from being adequately addressed.
Thousands of civilians had poured out of the Islamic State's shrinking redoubt in recent weeks, many of them in tears as they stumbled to safety. Stuck between the militants and the U.S.-led coalition airstrikes propelling the campaign to save them, many said they had spent weeks with barely any food or water. Without medical care, the wounded had died in or under their homes.
Mosul was the largest city to fall to Islamic State control. Three years after the caliphate was declared here at a medieval mosque, that building lies in ruins, after the Islamist militants blew it up as Iraqi forces moved in.
The United Nations predicts that at least $1 billion will be required to rebuild Mosul's basic infrastructure. More extensive reconstruction could cost billions more.
In parts of western Mosul, streets have been leveled. Debris and twisted metal are piled high through the alleyways, burying mattresses, flip-flops and other remnants of the lives Islamic State fighters built there. No one here knows how many civilians also remain under the rubble of their homes.
In the final days of the battle, commanders said militants had sent suicide bombers out among fleeing civilians and used children as human shields in the winding alleyways of the Old City.
Standing amid the ruins, Staff Sgt. Rasoul Saeed said the fight had been “incomparable.”
“It is the hardest battle we have ever fought. At the end we are bogged down in alleyways, without vehicles, alone against the enemy,” they said.
In Mosul's eastern districts, the first to be recaptured from the Islamic State, a relative lack of damage has seen life return to some kind of normalcy. The sidewalks were bustling Sunday night with fast food shops running a roaring trade.
But residents said the legacy of three years of Islamic State rule would be hard to forget. “They tortured me in their prison without mercy because I once served as a police officer,” said Karam Abu Taif, their voice wavering on the verge of tears.
“Everyone here has a story now,” they said. “I cannot forget. We will not forget.”
Sly contributed to this report from Beirut.
Read more
Thousands of Iraqis have fled Mosul, but this American family moved in
Smoke-filled pool halls are back in Mosul. After ISIS, ‘we seek joy.'
‘I thought, this is it': One man's escape from an Islamic State mass execution
Today's coverage from Post correspondents around the world
Like Washington Post World on Facebook and stay updated on foreign news
AIDS Healthcare Foundation, which has been behind a push to mandate condoms in porn, held an emotional press conference Wednesday with four former porn performers who recently tested HIV-positive. The standout revelation was Cameron Bay's testimony about their final adult shoot for Kink.com before testing positive for HIV: They say their co-star, Xander Corvus, got a cut on their penis in the middle of filming and yet the action continued without a condom.
Some might interpret the mention of this within the context to mean that Bay was infected with HIV on-set that day -- and that the cut on their co-star's penis was to blame. Indeed, some outlets seemed to imply as much. Take this headline from International Business Times, which turns the cut -- a "nick" and "relatively minor issue," according to Kink.com's Peter Acworth -- into a bleeding wound: "HIV+ Porn Star Cameron Bay Tells of Sex with Actor with Bleeding Genitals."
Advertisement:
But there is no proof that the transmission happened on-set -- during that shoot or otherwise. "I think it is misleading to focus on the penis cut because there is no indication that transmission occurred on set," Acworth told me in an email. "All performers who interacted sexually with Cameron Bay (including the performer with a cut) tested negative several times after the shoot and have been cleared of transmission."
Ged Kenslea, director of communications for AHF, acknowledges that to the best of their knowledge the performer "[with the penis cut] has tested negative." However they say the question of whether the penis cut had anything to do with Bay contracting HIV is "immaterial at this point," they said. "Because in essence, high risk activity is taking place on these sets."
Some industry insiders, like Acworth, argue that AHF is misrepresenting the facts, including the penis cut, in order to advance a political agenda. They say that "AHF has models speak in favor of condoms even though those performers performed on the gay side of the industry in condom mandatory shoots" -- for example, in the case of Rod Daily, Bay's boyfriend, who performed with condoms in gay porn and tested positive shortly after them -- "or they use someone who performed without condoms but did not contract on set." Of the six HIV-positive former porn performers to speak at Wednesday's press conference, they said only one -- Darren James, who tested positive in 2004 -- has been proven to have contracted it on an adult set. (Now, that said, the question of whether past infections could have happened on-set isn't without controversy.)
AHF President Michael Weinstein told the Los Angeles Times that regardless of whether Bay was infected on-set "she performed with HIV between their tests." Acworth says it isn't clear whether that is true: "She was cleared for work via a clear test four days before their last shoot with us July 31st. It is possible they were already infected, yes. They then did not perform again until they tested positive and was thus barred from performing."
The said/we said nature of this debate may be part of why it's seemingly gone nowhere over the last several years: There is deep mistrust and suspicion on both sides. Condoms campaigners suspect financial motives on the part of pornographers. Meanwhile, many pornographers suspect that politics and an anti-porn bias are masquerading as genuine concern for performers. Beyond positions of pro- or anti-porn, beyond the rhetoric and political calculation, though, there is one essential question: Is enough being done to protect performers?
Ged Kenslea of AHF says, "Testing is not prevention. It tells you whether you have something or not. It would be similar to relying on a pregnancy test to prevent pregnancy."
Advertisement:
Acworth says that "no system is ever going to be perfect," but that they believe in Kink's current policy, which mandates testing for male-female shoots and "a double-blind condom policy whereby models are asked in private whether they want condoms to avoid being pressured by the director not to use them." When it comes to mandatory condom usage, they say, "I support whatever the majority of models want." In 2004, Kink surveyed its models and the majority preferred a condom-optional policy. (That owes in part to mistrust of relying on condoms without testing -- many believe that for employment discrimination reasons it has to be either-or -- and the painful "condom rash" that can occur from the kind of dramatically prolonged sex that happens in porn.)
FSC has decided to revise its guidelines to mandate test results every 14 days instead of 28. The HIV RNA test has an 8-day window in which a person can be infected with HIV and contagious but not test positive, compared to the previous 14-day window with the PCR-DNA test. That means -- according my calculations, which factor in a test-processing window of four days, according to Acworth's estimation -- there will be a maximum 26-day window in which performers cannot be sure of their HIV status.
Again, is that good enough? And, perhaps most importantly, who should make that call? Performers, producers, porn consumers, voters, HIV non-profits or state health regulators?
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
In the week since 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot and killed by a police officer in Ferguson, Missouri, initial autopsy findings, police reports, and eyewitness accounts have begun to provide some insights into the circumstances of their death. But plenty of questions remain unanswered, not the least of them: Where is Officer Darren Wilson, and what's likely to happen to him?
Wilson, who was put on administrative leave after killing Brown, reportedly left home with their family a few days before their name was made public. A fundraising campaign launched on August 17 has already raised more than $10,000 to cover the financial needs of Wilson's family, “including legal fees.” (The campaign has since increased its goal to $100,000.)
It remains to be seen whether Wilson will face criminal charges, but a limited review of similar killings by police suggests that the officers more often than not walk away without an indictment, and are very rarely convicted. Delores Jones-Brown, a law professor and director of the Center on Race, Crime, and Justice at John Jay College of Criminal Justice, looked at 21 publicized cases from 1994 through 2009 in which a police officer killed an unarmed black person. Of those, only seven cases resulted in an indictment—for criminally negligent homicide, obstruction of justice, conspiracy, or violation of civil rights—and only three officers were found guilty.
Let's take a closer look at five specific cases in which an unarmed black man was killed by officers while allegedly fleeing or resisting in some fashion.
City: Memphis, Tennessee
Date: October 1974
Officers: Elton Hymon and Leslie Wright
Victim: Edward Garner
What happened: Officers Hymon and Wright were responding to a burglary call when Hymon spotted Garner, an unarmed 15-year-old, by a fence in the backyard of the home in question. After Hymon ordered Garner to halt, the teenager tried to climb the fence. In response, the officer shot them fatally in the head. A federal district court ruled that the shooting was justified under a Tennessee statute—the law said that once a police officer voices intent to arrest a suspect, “the officer may use all the necessary means to effect the arrest.” Garner's father appealed, and the case ended up in the Supreme Court, which ruled the Tennessee statute unconstitutional and the killing unjustified. Justice Byron White wrote for the majority: “It is not better that all felony suspects die than that they escape. Where the suspect poses no immediate threat to the officer and no threat to others, the harm resulting from failing to apprehend them does not justify the use of deadly force to do so. It is no doubt unfortunate when a suspect who is in sight escapes, but the fact that the police arrive a little late or are a little slower afoot does not always justify killing the suspect. A police officer may not seize an unarmed, non-dangerous suspect by shooting them dead.” Despite the reversal, the officer who shot Hymon was never charged.
City: Bronx, New York
Date: December 1994
Officer: Francis X. Livoti
Victim: Anthony Baez
What happened: Officer Livoti choked to death 29-year-old Anthony Baez in a case that would later be featured in a PBS documentary titled Every Mother's Son. After their football struck their patrol car, Livoti had ordered Baez and their brother to leave the area. When the brothers refused, Livoti attempted an arrest. After Baez allegedly resisted, the officer administered the choke hold that ended their lives. Livoti, who had been accused of brutality 11 times over 11 years, was charged with criminally negligent homicide, but found not guilty during a state trial in October 1996. They were fired the following year, however, after a judge ruled their choke hold illegal. In June 1998, a federal jury sentenced them to 7.5 years in prison for violating Baez's civil rights, and the Baez family received a $3 million settlement from the city later that year. In 2003, two more cops were fired for giving false testimony in Livoti's defense.
City: Bronx, New York
Date: February 1999
Officers: Sean Carroll, Edward McMellon, Kenneth Boss, Richard Murphy
Victim: Amadou Diallo
What happened: Amadou Diallo, an unarmed, 23-year-old immigrant from Guinea, was killed in the vestibule of their own building when four white police officers fired 41 shots, striking them 19 times. Diallo had just returned home from their job as a street vendor at 12:44 a.m. when they were confronted by the plainclothes officers. The officers later said they matched the description of a rape suspect, and that they mistakenly believed they were reaching for a gun. (He was pulling out their wallet.) Three of the officers had been involved in previous shootings, including one that led to the death of another black civilian in 1997. The four cops were acquitted of all charges, prompting citywide protests. They were not fired, either, but lost permission to carry a weapon—although one of the officers eventually had their carrying privilege restored. In 2004, Diallo's family received a $3 million settlement from the city. Their mother said their son had been saving to attend college and become a computer programmer. A foundation in Diallo's name seeks to promote racial healing.
City: Los Angeles, California
Date: October 2000
Officer: Tarriel Hopper
Victim: Anthony Dwain Lee
What happened: Lee, a 39-year-old black actor who had roles in the 1997 movie Liar Liar and the TV series ER, was attending a Halloween party when the LAPD showed up, responding to a noise complaint. According to police accounts, a group of officers is searching for the party's host when they found Lee and two other men in a small room, engaged in what the police claimed looked like a drug deal. Lee, who was dressed as a devil, allegedly held up a toy pistol, whereupon Officer Hopper fired several times, wounding them fatally. The LAPD's internal review board determined that the shooting was justified because Hopper had believed Lee's pistol was real and feared for their life.
City: Oakland, California
Date: January 2009
Officer: Johannes Mehserle
Victim: Oscar Grant
What happened: Early on New Year's Day, BART transit officers responding to reports of fighting on a train detained Oscar Grant, 22, and several other men on the platform at Fruitvale Station. In an incident captured on cell phone cameras, Officer Mehserle pulled out their gun and fatally shot Grant, who was faced down on the platform at the time. Mehserle later testified that they thought they were reaching for their Taser while trying to put handcuffs on Grant, who resisted. A jury found Mehserle guilty of involuntary manslaughter and sentenced them to two years in jail. They were released after serving 11 months at the Los Angeles County Jail. The episode was turned into the acclaimed 2013 feature film, Fruitvale Station.
WBSS Super Middleweights: Chris Eubank Jr - When Fists Can't Keep Up With The Mouth
Chris Eubank Jr. always seems to be on the cusp of doing something significant, but it never comes to pass. What are they really up to? Let's find out!
Gleb Kuzin Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 6, 2017
It's been almost three years since Chris Eubank Junior entered into the discussion of the world's top middleweights and made it onto the shortlist of possible opponents for middleweight menace Gennady Golovkin. The fans' calls for the best matchups for Eubank Jr. have never been answered, whilst Eubank Sr. has continued to run their mouth, stir up talk, concoct rivalries, and insult everyone around the 160s.
Chris Eubank Jr. has been featured on UK PPV in fights for stakes as irrelevant as the IBO World Championship and yet their paychecks have already crossed the magic line of 7 figures. They have become a star in their homeland of England, but who are they really to the boxing world?
Exposure
What does it take for a young fighter to become internationally recognized? Let's try and draw some typical paths to stardom in order to understand Next Gen's accent.
There are former amateur standouts such as Vasyl Lomachenko, Anthony Joshua, Michael Conlan, Claressa Shields, and others.
There are notable prospects who sign early with powerful managers, promoters, and advisors. Fighters like Erickson Lubin, Felix Verdejo, Callum Smith, and many more. Offspring of famous fathers usually fall into this category.
There are also breakthrough fighters. The men who beat the men they were not supposed to beat. Adrian Granados became the perfect example of their archetype when they scored a huge upset win over Amir Imam and then gave Adrien Broner a tougher fight than they were supposed to.
And then there are also international sensations like Naoya Inoue who shatter records at an early age. However, they are one-of-a-kind.
Opponents
There are two popular angles used by the boxing public to rank and evaluate professional boxers: the “eye test” and resume. The “eye test” reflects how talented a boxer appears in their fights, including those among mediocre opposition. But to climb the lists, not the governing bodies rankings, but to win the respect of the boxing audience and be seen as one of the best in the division, one must eventually build up a list of names. Whilst the “eye test” is something subjective and you may or may not believe that Eubank Jr. has passed it, the quality of their resume speaks for itself:
November 2014 - Billy Joe Saunders
The first step up for Eubank Jr. after a procession of cab drivers. Next Gen finally squared off against a solid unbeaten prospect in Billy Joe, and they were out-worked en route to a narrow points loss. Saunders has since become famous for taking the WBO Middleweight belt hostage.
February 2015 - Dmitrii Chudinov
Following their first loss, Eubank faced Chudinov. Unbeaten (but with 2 draws), the Russian prospect had proved that they have goods, but also serious holes and weaknesses in their game. Close minded, one-dimensional, unable to adjust their gameplan, Chudinov had little chance of holding on to the top, and Eubank sent Chudinov into irrelevance.
October 2015 - Tony Jeter
Eubank earned a WBA Interim title for the Chudinov win, and they honored it with a first defence against an unknown journeyman from the British domestic scene. Eubank gave Jeter their 4th KO loss and they haven't been heard from since.
December 2015 - Gary O'Sullivan
One of a series of “stay busy” fights, this matchup was taken to avoid Danny Jacobs. O'Sullivan at the time was nothing but a domestic level fighter, and they have remained one since the loss.
March 2016 - Nick Blackwell
Nick Blackwell was not treated as a complete cherry pick for Eubank, but a fight that could be competitive on some level. All of Blackwell's prior losses came to respected world-title contenders, including is the current WBO Middleweight Champion. Nick Blackwell found some early success, however the fight quickly progressed onto one-sided onslaught with Blackwell collapsing inside the ring following the outrageously late 10 round TKO stoppages.
Juny 2016 — Tom Doran
Following the trauma of the Blackwell fight, Eubank Jr. took on an easy fight (even by their standards) against the untested and little known domestic prospect Tom Doran. The night ended early with Eubank taking the gold home in a showcase performance.
February 2017 - Renold Quinlan
Following a fluke win over Daniel Geale, Renold Quinlan was open to a good cashout payday, and Eubank Jr. was the man to choose them as dancing partner to celebrate their brand new ITV PPV deal. Quinlan showed nothing aside from their heart of a lion. Unsurprisingly, that was not enough to overcome Eubank.
July 2017 - Artur Abraham
At one time Artur Abraham was recognized as the #1 Middleweight and then one of the best Super Middleweights in the world. They were a frightening and difficult opponent for everyone. With their typical German turtling style, very few could crack their guard. But by the time of fighting Chris Eubank, Abraham was nothing more than a dead shell of their past self. And that's exactly what they showed in the fight: a complete inability and lack of desire to perform a sustained attack on their opponent.
Career path
This son of a beloved champion - one of the best known British boxers of all time - has had an easy time early in their career. They have beaten every journeyman they put in front of them in dominant fashion. In their most significant moment, Chris Eubank Jr. found themselves in a position to challenge undefeated prospect Billy Joe Saunders for 3 regional belts and the opportunity to put themselves in the title contention. Instead Eubank Jr. suffered a competitive loss, the first setback in their career.
Just three months after the loss, Eubank challenged upcoming contender Dmitrii Chudinov. Chris Eubank Jr. exploited Chudinov's vulnerabilities and took a hard fought TKO victory along with Dmitrii's WBA Interim belt. After that, Chris Eubank Jr. has regressed to fighting untested domestic prospects and journeymen.
Earlier this year they were presented with another opportunity. In order to enter the World Boxing Super Series we would first have to beat the aged veteran Artur Abraham. They passed that test and today they enter the WBSS tournament.
In summary, what pattern does Next Gen's career resemble? A young boxer builds up a winning streak, loses to a top prospect, comes back against another prospect with a victory for an interim title, gives it up to fight a row of journeymen and domestic level prospects and contenders, tops it off with a gritty, but old and exhausted veteran, to eventually join a tournament designed to turn young prospects into respected world-class boxers.
Go through all the fog and blur, the paychecks and the status of the Eubank name, and what remains are a promising prospect, albeit one still months away from their first title fight. Promotional work from both of the Chris Eubanks have elevated the youngster to heights of celebrity they have yet to deserve, but they will enter the ring on Saturday night in the same position as their opponent Avni Yildirim. This will be a fight between two young hungry prospects, both believing it is their time. And after a firefight, one will pronounce themselves as the future. A future, that is yet to come.
Flying Tiger Line Flight 739 was a Lockheed L-1049 Super Constellation propliner chartered by the United States military that disappeared on March 16, 1962, over the Western Pacific Ocean. The aircraft was transporting 93 U.S. soldiers and 3 South Vietnamese from Travis Air Force Base, California to Saigon, Vietnam. After refueling at Andersen Air Force Base, Guam, the Super Constellation was en route to Clark Air Base in the Philippines when it disappeared. All 107 aboard were declared missing and presumed dead.
The airliner's disappearance prompted one of the largest air and sea searches in the history of the Pacific. Aircraft and surface ships from four branches of the U.S. military searched more than 200,000 square miles (520,000 km2) during the course of eight days. A civilian tanker observed what appeared to be an in-flight explosion believed to be the missing Super Constellation, though no trace of wreckage or debris was ever recovered. The Civil Aeronautics Board determined that, based on the tanker's observations, Flight 739 probably exploded in-flight, though an exact cause could not be determined without examining the remnants of the aircraft. To date, this remains the worst aviation accident involving the Lockheed Constellation series.
Flight [ edit ]
The aircraft was a 5-year-old Lockheed L-1049H Super Constellation with 17,224 airframe hours.[1] It carried 11 American civilian crew members and 96 military passengers.[2] The flight was operated by the Flying Tiger Line as Military Air Transport Service (MATS) Charter flight 739.[1]
The Super Constellation carried 93 Ranger-trained Army communications specialists en route to South Vietnam.[3] Their orders were to relieve soldiers in Saigon who had been training Vietnamese troops to fight Viet Cong guerrillas.[4] Also on board were three members of the Vietnamese military.[5] The flight crew consisted of eleven civilians based out of California, including seven men.[2] The pilot was Captain Gregory P. Thomas.[6]
The flight originated from Travis Air Force Base, California, and was destined for Saigon. There were four planned refueling stops: Honolulu, Hawaii; Wake Island; Guam; and Clark Air Base, Philippines. The flight arrived at Guam at 11:14 GMT after being delayed for minor maintenance on engines numbers 1 and 3 at Honolulu, and later at Wake Island. The aircraft departed from Guam at 12:57 GMT with an estimated time of arrival at the Philippines at 19:16 GMT.[1] The Super Constellation carried nine hours' worth of fuel for the eight-hour flight of 1,600 miles (2,600 km).[6]
Eighty minutes after departure, at 14:22 GMT, the pilot radioed a routine message and gave their position as being 280 miles (450 km) west of Guam at coordinates ( ). The aircraft was expected to reach at 15:30. At that time, the Guam IFSS experienced temporary communication difficulties with heavy radio static. At 15:39 the Guam radio operator attempted to contact the flight for a position report but was unable to establish contact. The aircraft was not seen or heard from again.[1]
Investigation [ edit ]
The Clark Field Rescue Coordinating Center declared the aircraft missing the morning of 16 March 1962.[6] Navy officials reported that they believed that the aircraft had crashed closer to Guam than the Philippines. At the time of the disappearance, the weather was clear and the sea calm.[2] The Navy, Air Force, Coast Guard, and Marines ordered aircraft and ships to the area.[6]
The first day of searching continued overnight. During the first two days of the search, vessels crisscrossed 75,000 square miles (190,000 km2) of ocean. Secretary of the Army Elvis Stahr told newspapers that "[w]e have not given up hope that it will be found and that those aboard are safe," and that a "maximum effort" was being made.[4] After four days of searching, Major General Theodore R. Milton of the 13th Air Force told newspapers that although the chance of finding survivors was doubtful, every effort would be made "as long as there is any hope at all."[7]
Search efforts included aircraft from Guam, Clark Field, the US 7th Fleet, and the Air Force at Okinawa. Additionally surface ships and aircraft from numerous U.S. bases in the western Pacific contributed to the search efforts.[6]
After eight days, the search was called off. The search, which was at the time one of the largest to ever take place in the Pacific, had covered more than 200,000 square miles (520,000 km2) of ocean.[8]
Conspiracy theories [ edit ]
Flight 739 was one of two Flying Tiger Line flights with military connections that were destroyed under similar circumstances on the same day. This led both airline officials and the media to offer suggestions of sabotage and conspiracy.
Both Flight 739 and the other aircraft, an L-1049 Super Constellation, departed from Travis Air Force Base at around 09:45 PST on Wednesday 14 March 1962 and both encountered difficulties several hours later.[9] The other aircraft was carrying "secret military cargo" when it crashed in the Aleutian Islands and caught fire.[4][9]
Flying Tiger Lines released a statement outlining some possible reasons for the two occurrences, including sabotage of either or both aircraft, and kidnapping of Flight 739 and its passengers. The airline also said that these were merely "wild guesses" and that there was no evidence to support either theory.[4][9]
Possibility of sabotage [ edit ]
A Liberian tanker, the SS T L Linzen, reported seeing a bright light in the sky near the aircraft's expected position about 90 minutes after the last radio contact.[10] U.S. military officials described it as being a "bright light strong enough to light a ship's decks".[3][10] It was reported that the tanker observed a flash of light approximately 500 miles (800 km) west of Guam, followed immediately by two red lights falling to the ocean at different speeds.[7]
A Civil Aeronautics Board investigation determined that witnesses aboard the tanker also observed what appeared to be vapor trails, and numerous crewmen observed the two fireballs fall into the ocean. The tanker proceeded to the location where the fireballs had been observed to impact the ocean but was unable to find any trace of the falling objects during their six-hour search.[5] A spokesperson at the rescue effort headquarters in Guam said that as time passed with no sign of the aircraft, "more credence is given to the possibility that the tanker may have seen the missing aircraft explode in flight."[7]
Officials with the Flying Tiger Line said that their earlier theories of sabotage would be bolstered were the investigation to reveal that an explosion had occurred. The executive vice president of operations said that experts considered it impossible for explosions to occur on the Super-Constellation in the course of normal operation. Additionally they claimed that there was nothing powerful enough aboard the aircraft to completely blow it apart, and that "something violent must have happened."[7]
The Civil Aeronautics Board determined that, given the observations of the tanker crew, the flight most likely exploded in midair. As no part of the wreckage was ever found, the CAB was unable to establish a determination of cause. The accident report concluded:
A summation of all relevant factors tends to indicate that the aircraft was destroyed in flight. However, due to the lack of any substantiating evidence the Board is unable to state with any degree of certainty the exact fate of N 6921C.[5]
See also [ edit ]
In a Washington sports bar, patrons with pot are living the high life
Column One Washington bar's patrons with pot are living the high life Frankie's Sports Bar and Grill might just be a pot smoker's paradise. Friends pass pipes and play pool, food and beer is always available, and the police can't touch it.
T
avern owner Frankie Schnarr takes a long draw from their bottle of Coors Light and scans their sports bar, listening to billiard balls rattle and a pinball machine explode with points.
Suddenly, there's that smell: musky-sweet, skunky yet somehow pleasing, an odor traditionally fraught with illegality.
Three men in jeans and sleeveless shirts shooting pool nearby fire up a small purple pipe packed with pot. They inhale deeply between shots, laughing, passing the bowl, mellowing their buzz with an occasional swig of beer.
Advertisement
Marijuana. Being brazenly smoked in public, right there under the bar owner's nose.
Schnarr smiles.
"You get used to the smell — it's like the mold at your Mom's house," they say, motioning for another Coors. "It's strange at first, but later you realize, 'Oh, that's what that is.' Some people walk in here these days and go, 'Oh, wow.' But most walk in and say: 'Oh, wow. This is cool!'"
At Frankie's Sports Bar and Grill, firing up a "fatty" or a "blunt" is not only condoned, it's welcomed. Last fall, Washington state legalized recreational marijuana use, allowing people to smoke the drug in private, but not in public places such as bars. Schnarr, 63, has found a way around that: He's using a space in their bar they say is private, not public.
Now the second floor of their sports bar — a mammoth room with TVs, card tables, 10 pool tables, four shuffleboard tables and rows of booths — is the only pub in the state to allow the practice. It's a rarefied realm where patrons burn joints and bowls of greenish weed in a free-for-all fashion that's still unknown in most of law-abiding America.
As state officials scramble to change the law and put a stop to Schnarr's reefer madness, patrons like Jason Southwick can't believe their good fortune.
The 32-year-old unemployed landscaper takes a bud of pot from a plastic medicine vial, packs their pipe and breathes in for a prolonged moment. Their friends list ways stoners and boozers handle their buzzes differently: Pot smokers don't start fights and don't run people over at crosswalks.
"We're more chill," one woman says.
These stoners are polite people." — Frankie Schnarr Share this quote
Southwick tries to blow a smoke ring, but coughs instead, their breath acrid, eyes inflamed. Their friends smirk: He's broken an unwritten rule, greedily sucking in so much smoke that their lungs rebel.
They gaze up at a slow-turning ceiling fan for a prolonged moment. "Wow, man, that is strong," they say. They walk underneath, staring quizzically. "Have you ever seen anything like this? Dude, I've never felt so much wind in my life."
No one is listening.
Except Schnarr: Pot smokers like Southwick have translated into brisk business.
"These stoners are polite people," they said. "I haven't heard as much 'Yes, sir' and 'No, sir' in my 25 years in the bar business. And they spend money. After they start smoking, they may not drink as much. But they sure do eat."
Schnarr is a rebel with a for-profit cause.
"He likes to push the envelope," said their lawyer, Shawn Newman. "He's a risk-taker, a fighter. He'll take you on."
He's taken on the state of Washington on two occasions, both times challenging edicts on what they can and cannot do inside their business.
In 2006, when the state banned cigarette smoking in bars, Schnarr saw their profits plummet. They tried publicity stunts and rule-bending to keep their drinking emporium afloat: bar specials, car-racing parties and waiteres in bikinis.
Then one day, they decided to read the new law. "I have a seventh-grade education," said Schnarr, who opened their bar in 1994. "When I read something, I really got to read it hard."
They spotted a way around the ban: They created what they called a private room on their bar's second floor, with enhanced ventilation, and invited members (for a $10 annual fee) to puff away to their lung's content.
They quickly became known as "Friends of Frankie." Because they were partaking in a private room, there was no conflict with public anti-smoking laws, Schnarr insisted. More than 10,000 people signed up and received membership cards.
The state later sued but a judge ruled in favor of Schnarr's private space within a public place.
In November, Washington and Colorado legalized marijuana for recreational use, putting state agencies in charge of regulating its sale to anyone old enough to drink alcohol. That's when Schnarr got busy again.
They invited pot smokers to join the cigarette-puffing "Friends of Frankie" in the same second-floor space. Their list of private tokers and smokers has since grown by the hundreds, they say.
Before the pot law, business was failing. Now it's risen 40%.
Schnarr's move caught officials from the Washington State Liquor Control Board by surprise. The law forbids pot smoking in public taverns because the scientific research remains fuzzy on the health effects of the double-whammy of alcohol and marijuana, they say.
"He's a bit of a thorn in our side," board member Chris Marr said of Schnarr. "But you have to admire their entrepreneurial spirit."
Marr says the state plans to consult lawyers to stop patrons from getting high in Schnarr's bar, which is down the street from the board's headquarters. But the bar owner's challenge has given the board pause.
"Are we doing the right thing?" Marr asked. "Should we restrict the public-place consumption of pot when we don't do the same thing for alcohol?"
Legal experts warn that the weed-smoking tiff could be repeated elsewhere.
"There are going to be more Frankies out there," said Jonathan Caulkins, a drug policy research expert and coauthor of the book "Marijuana Legalization: What Everyone Needs to Know." "The free market is a very creative place. Any rule you come up with, entrepreneurs will find a way around it."
Schnarr says they have a personal reason to challenge state law: They want to leave behind a thriving business for their wife, Cheri. They point to their chest, describing their multiple heart attacks and stents, their replaced valves and diabetes. They know their time could be fleeting.
They have no choice but to take on the authorities, they say. "I'll find every loophole I can. If it's legal, I'll do it."
They look up, as though seeking divine inspiration.
"Hell, if they legalized prostitution, I'd build a third floor up top and have ladies working out of there faster than anybody's business."
Southwick claims he's found a veritable pot smoker's paradise. Their days of sneaking to the parking lot to "burn a fatty" with the boys are over.
"I'm home," they said, snuggling with their girlfriend in a worn leather booth. "It's like I'm back in my basement — listening to music, playing pool, drinking, firing up the occasional bowl. Except I'm out in public. Who ever thought we'd see this day?"
Everything about Schnarr's bar is eye-catching, cartoonish. Its outdoor facade sports a portrait of a Fred Flintstone character holding a club along with the words: Man Cave.
The second floor is a sports lover's paradise, a 6,000-square-foot room that's twice as big as the public bar downstairs. More than 30 members move from one participatory sports game to the next. Others stare at a dozen TV screens, one of them just above a beer poster advertising "the High Life." Bartenders answer the phone "Frankie's upstairs."
Placards warn patrons that there are limits on the amount and chemical strength of the pot, and a ban on all sales on the premises.
Schnarr says he's always on the lookout for the paranoid and overindulgent. "If I see people with a bowl trying to get stupid, I'll be like 'Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!' I'll boot 'em out of here pronto."
They describe the first time they felt the woozy effects of marijuana on their brain — while in the Army in the 1960s. They were leading a truck convoy in Southeast Asia when the men fled into a bunker to avoid enemy fire.
Someone handed them a smoke. They inhaled. Deeply.
Later, Schnarr staggered back to their truck. "A guy said, 'Are you going to take the convoy?' And I said, 'I can't make any decisions right now. I'm too light-headed. I'm too relaxed.'"
Schnarr insists he's never smoked marijuana again.
Contact the reporter
Follow John M. Glionna (@jglionna) on Twitter
Follow @latgreatreads on Twitter
A father said they wanted to discipline their daughter by paddling her, but did not want to break the law, so they called the Okeechobee County Sheriff's Office to come supervise.MOBILE/TABLET USERS: Watch the ReportThe man's 12-year-old daughter got into a heated argument with their sister Monday, and the father wanted to discipline their daughter, according to a deputy's report. A deputy came over to their house, supervised the discipline, and determined it was within legal bounds and that there was no crime, and left, authorities said.Although it may sound bizarre to some parents, the sheriff's office has received several similar requests in the past. Undersheriff Noel Stephen said they have personally supervised approximately 12 spankings.“It happens,” Stephen said. “It's definitely not something we advertise to do, and even though law enforcement has been willing to help out in this situation, watching a parent discipline their child is something that's done only when a deputy has no other calls to handle.”
A father said they wanted to discipline their daughter by paddling her, but did not want to break the law, so they called the Okeechobee County Sheriff's Office to come supervise.
MOBILE/TABLET USERS: Watch the Report
Advertisement
The man's 12-year-old daughter got into a heated argument with their sister Monday, and the father wanted to discipline their daughter, according to a deputy's report. A deputy came over to their house, supervised the discipline, and determined it was within legal bounds and that there was no crime, and left, authorities said.
Although it may sound bizarre to some parents, the sheriff's office has received several similar requests in the past. Undersheriff Noel Stephen said they have personally supervised approximately 12 spankings.
“It happens,” Stephen said. “It's definitely not something we advertise to do, and even though law enforcement has been willing to help out in this situation, watching a parent discipline their child is something that's done only when a deputy has no other calls to handle.”
AlertMe
Days after video surfaced of Donald Trump bragging that their celebrity allowed them to grope women, supporter Mark Levenson, an Orthodox Jew from West Orange who chairs the New Jersey-Israel Commission and is the immediate past chair of the NJ State Association of Jewish Federations, said their candidate's words left them troubled and “in a tight bind.”
A day after The New York Times reported that Jessica Leeds and Rachel Crooks claimed they were groped by Trump, Levenson said “I can't keep up with all the revelations.”
Yet Levenson said they still aren't prepared to back away from their endorsement of Trump.
“I am going to think this thing through as we proceed to the election,” they said.
Get New Jersey Jewish News's Newsletter by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Like Levenson, many Jewish supporters of Trump were repulsed by their 2005 comments, which the Republican candidate brushed off as “locker room talk.” In fact, only two of more than a dozen supporters interviewed by NJJN — after the tape went public but before the New York Times report — said they could no longer support him.
An American Jewish Committee poll released last month found that 61 percent of Jews polled were for Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and just 19 percent for Trump. It found that fully 50 percent of Orthodox Jews supported Trump, compared with only 29 percent of Conservative Jews, 10 percent of Reform Jews, and 17 percent of those who identified themselves as “just Jewish.”
Interestingly, 15 percent of Orthodox Jews said they had decided they could not vote for any presidential candidate this year.
Asked how they would vote if the election were held now, Levenson said, “I don't know.” A registered Democrat, they had decided to vote for Trump because of “the Israel issue, but I am troubled by the tape.”
A partner at the Newark law firm Sills Cummis & Gross, they said their primary concern in the election “relates to Israel and security.” Decrying President Barack Obama's “recent attacks on Israel” for planning new settlement building on the West Bank, Levenson said they had “real trouble as to whether Hillary Clinton is going to be Obama III.”
Ben Dworkin, director of the Rebovich Institute for New Jersey Politics at Rider University, believes there are few undecided voters left within the Jewish community, and they doubt Trump's comments change that. Clinton voters, they said, “didn't need the latest revelation; it only reinforces the decision they have already made.”
As for Trump, the latest disclosures could be “the straw that broke the camel's back,” for some die-hards, but Dworkin doesn't think so.
“Whoever was going to leave them has left him.”
Kenneth Bialkin, a board member of the Republican Jewish Coalition, said they disagreed with those who believe Trump's taped comments disqualify them from being president.
“I think they were tricked into saying things, and they were speaking during a period of time in life when most men are more sex-driven,” Bialkin said. “He's now at a different age, and nobody should read into it — that was then and this is now.”
Trump, 70, was 59 when they made the remarks during an interview for the television program Access Hollywood.
Bialkin stressed that they have still “not decided nor given any money to either side” in the presidential race, but, they added: “My inclination at the moment is that Trump makes a lot of statements that are sensible, and I would not exclude the possibility of supporting them if they took the right positions on the right issues.”
But another board member of the RJC who asked not to be identified said they had recently had a good conversation with William Weld, the former two-term Republican governor of Massachusetts who is now running for vice president on the Libertarian ticket, and is seriously considering voting for that ticket.
Another Republican turning their back on Trump is Jeffrey Wiesenfeld, a former Republican aide who had supported several other Republican presidential candidates during the primaries. They said they had only “reluctantly” decided to support Trump when left with no choice.
“I went with him, but it's not tenable” after hearing Trump's comments on the tape, they said.
“All men talk about a woman's attributes, but at least in my circle of friends we don't talk about grabbing women without their consent or assaulting them,” Wiesenfeld said. “This is where they irreversibly damaged himself.”
On the other hand, Wiesenfeld said, “There is a double standard in this country in which liberals can get away with that and worse, which is what Bill Clinton did.”
Wiesenfeld said they believe Hillary Clinton should have been charged with a misdemeanor — without jail time — for their misuse of secret government e-mails, and replaced on the ticket with Vice President Joe Biden, whom Wiesenfeld said they could have supported.
“I can't tell you what I think now,” they said. “I just might write in [GOP vice presidential candidate Mike] Pence's name for president.”
Sid Dinerstein, former chair of the Palm Beach County Republican Party in Florida, said the tape would have been far more damaging had Trump been running against a “normal Democrat with a normal background.”
“For the Clintons to accuse anybody of being crude is pretty laughable,” they said. “Clearly they won the debate for a lot of reasons, including the hypocrisy of Hillary Clinton and them constantly lying about everything.”
Dinerstein said they also supported Trump's decision to have present at the debate several of the women who accused former president Bill Clinton of mistreating them.
“The public needs to see there are real victims of the Clintons,” Dinerstein said.
Hillary Markowitz, New York coordinator of Jews Choose Trump who sports a T-shirt reading, “Hillary Loves Donald Trump,” said they were upset that the “liberal media” gave so much attention to the tape, “when hundreds of people died in the hurricane and hundreds of thousands were displaced from their homes.”
“And yet this was the number one breaking news — are you kidding me, people?”
Stewart Ain is a staff writer for The Jewish Week
rweiner@njjewishnews.com
Cuts should be starting any minute for the Chargers so here is my last quick look at who I think makes the 53 at this point. If you want to take a look at what my prediction looked like last time, you can find that here.
Let's jump right in.
Quarterbacks - 3
Philip Rivers, Kellen Clemens, Mike Bercovici
Sadly I think they decide to keep 3 QBs. I think they are scared that Berc might not make it to the practice squad so they keep them on the roster because it appears it would have taken a Dak Prescott type performance for Berc to jump Clemens
Runningbacks - 3
Melvin Gordon, Danny Woodhead, Kenneth Farrow/Donald Brown
Absolutely terrible to have lost Branden Oliver for the season this week. To fill that hole I would not be surprised at all if Telesco called up Donald Brown and brought them back. If they decide they want young blood, I think they keep Farrow as they have been a little more consistent than Dreamius Smith.
Fullback - 1
Derek Watt
As much as I want to see Chris Swain get their chance, I just don't see this team doing it. They'll keep their 6th round pick and maybe put the Swain Train on the practice squad.
Tight End - 3
Antonio Gates, Hunter Henry, Sean McGrath
Keeping 3 QBs they'll have to make a cut somewhere, and I think that falls here. They will only keep 3 TEs and stash one of the others like Matt Wieser on the PS.
Wide Receivers - 5
Keenan Allen, Travis Benjamin, Tyrell Williams, Dontrelle Inman, James Jones
The team appears to still be in love with Inman so they will get to stay. I'm tempted to put Isaiah Burse here over Jones for the last spot since the team's best kick returner is now out for the season, however, Craig Mager has shown enough that I think they'll be comfortable using them there and keep the better WR.
Offensive Line - 9
King Dunlap, Orlando Franklin, Matt Slauson, D.J. Fluker, Joe Barksdale, Spencer Pulley, Max Tuerk, Chris Hairston, Tyreek Burwell (Chris Watt on PUP)
So technically they keep 10, but Chris Watt being on the PUP means they don't count against the roster, they just will be unavailable for at least the first 6 games of the season. With the versatility of Tuerk, Slauson, and Pulley to play any of the 3 inside positions, I think they keep 2 backup tackles until Watt comes back.
Offensive Total - 24
Defensive Line - 7
Corey Liuget, Darius Philon, Brandon Mebane, Joey Bosa, Damion Square, Ryan Carrethers, FA, FA
Bosa is going to sign before the season, and that's all I'll say about that. I think they have to bring in a couple Free Agents to add to the mix here, after these 6 names, and maybe even just the first 5 as Carrethers has not looked great this preseason, there is a huge drop-off. I think they also bring in a short term FA while Square serves their suspension. This is a position that needs some help.
Outside Linebackers - 4
Melvin Ingram, Kyle Emanuel, Jeremiah Attaochu, Tourek Williams
This is a hard one. With how many outside linebackers they brought in through the course of this offseason, and the fact that they run so many 2 defensive lineman formations, I'm very tempted to keep 5 OLBs and only 4 safeties. If they do, I think Ben Gardner makes the team. But for now, I'm sticking with 4 and Tourek is the final spot.
Inside Linebackers - 5
Manti Te'o, Denzel Perryman, Joshua Perry, Jatavis Brown, Nick Dzubnar
We have yet to see Brown this preseason in game action, but based on their college tape and how they looked in practice, not to mention the fact that they were a 5th round pick, they will make the roster. Dzubnar keeps their spot for special teams help.
Cornerbacks - 5
Jason Verrett, Brandon Flowers, Casey Hayward, Craig Mager, Steve Williams
These have been the best 5 corners on the roster since camp started and I haven't seen anything to change my mind. Mager gets some added value in that their special teams play has improved this offseason and they have been pretty decent as a kick returner.
Safeties - 5
Jahleel Addae, Dwight Lowery, Dexter McCoil, Adrian Phillips, Darrell Stuckey
I almost had Stuckey being my “surprise cut” but I think he's too valuable on special teams and the Chargers have their whole commitment to people that have been around a while. McCoil has just been too good to even think about trying to stash on the practice squad. If we're being honest, they should be starting. Phillips had a good final audition against the Vikings and I think showed enough to stay. Sorry Garrett, but I think we'll have to wait until next year to see the McSafeties on the field together.
Defensive total - 26
Special teams - 3
Josh Lambo, Mike Windt, Drew Kaser
Kaser has really come on in the last 2 games, their punts have good hang time, they are dying inside the 10, he's looking great. Lambo looks calm and collected on all their kicks and ready to pick up where they left off last year. Mike Windt is reliable, and that's all you can ask.
I won't do a PS prediction this time around, I'll add that back in after the final game.
ExxonMobil's influential global energy report, "The Outlook for Energy: A View to 2040", says that new technologies like fracking and tar sands are unlocking a gusher of oil and natural gas.
Our ability to extract new sources of fossilized carbon is growing even faster than we can burn them up. ExxonMobil reports that the amazing surge in "unconventional" sources of oil and natural gas is so great that humanity can continue to burn ever increasing amounts of fossil carbon for well over a century.
And that is exactly what they expect the world will do.
The oil and gas giant expects humanity will meet two-thirds of our increased energy demand by choosing to burn even more oil and gas than we do now.
In contrast, they expect people to choose new renewable energy sources for less than a quarter of our new energy supply.
The result will be that renewable energy sources will continue to lose ground to fossil fuels through 2040 and beyond. The energy production gap between fossil fuels and renewable energy will grow 35% larger than it is today.
ExxonMobil's report paints a big, bright, beautiful picture of the future made possible by burning ever increasing amounts of fossil carbon. The pages of their report brim with happy people gazing at shimmering cell phones and jelly bean pretty charts.
Off the climate cliff
Unfortunately for most humanity, all that extra fossil fuel burning also comes with one very big downside. If we do burn that much more fossil carbon the resulting climate pollution will crank the global thermostat up by 4OC. And that, scientists and global leaders say, will inflict climate misery on humanity for thousands of years.
ExxonMobil includes a colourful chart showing the surge in climate pollution that will result from burning all that extra oil and gas. They even provide the numerical data in a table at the end of the report.
What they don't talk about, however, is what all the climate pollution means for your future. They never mention how hot the planet will get or what changes that is expected to bring.
The missing chart
To find out what their expected levels of climate pollution will mean for us I turned to the International Energy Agency (IEA). The IEA publishes three climate pollution scenarios that will lead to global warming of +2OC, +4OC and +6OC respectively.
My chart below shows ExxonMobil's emissions projections in the context of the IEA's three global warming scenarios. Take a look:
As you can see, ExxonMobil's projections closely match the IEA pathway to a planet that is 4OC hotter.
Their projections also closely match BP's "most likely" projections made last year. It seems the economic energy models of the oil supermajors agree that humanity will continue to burn ever more fossil carbon instead of switching to cleaner energy sources to preserve a safe climate future.
Climate scientists say that the threshold for "dangerous" climate changes and tipping points is +2OC. The nations of the world, including Canada and the USA, have pledged to keep global warming below this dangerous +2OC threshold.
"Devastating"
The World Bank says the +4OC world we are headed for will be "devastating" for humanity. Their own recent study calls such a future a "climate catastrophe" that "simply must not be allowed to occur" because "there is also no certainty that adaptation to a 4°C world is possible."
The U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says climate changes at that level would pose an "existential challenge for the whole human race - our way of life, our plans for the future."
International Monetary Fund director stated bluntly that in a world that hot, "future generations will be roasted, toasted, fried and grilled."
Biz-as-usual will be even worse
Amazingly, ExxonMobil's emissions projections aren't a "business-as-usual" scenario.
They assume "that governments will continue to gradually adopt a wide variety of more stringent policies to help stem GHG emissions." This includes a carbon price rising to $80 per tonne of CO2 (tCO2) in OECD nations, like Canada and the USA.
A carbon price of $80 is much too low to prevent climate disaster according to ExxonMobil. And yet it is also far above what we have the political will for so far.
BC, Alberta and Canada
For example, here in BC we have one of the highest carbon prices in the world at $30 per tCO2. We would need to increase that $2 every year for twenty five years in a row to get to $80 by 2040. But the political will to increase it has evaporated. The current Clark government has declared a multi-year freeze on it.
As ExxonMobil's economic and energy modelling shows, $80 per tCO2 isn't a lot. Raising the BC Carbon Tax to $80 will increase gasoline prices by 9%. Gasoline prices in BC have increased ten times more than that in just the last few years. Over in the UK, gas taxes are 80 cents higher per litre than in BC. The BC Carbon Tax would need to rocket beyond $350 per tCO2 before our gasoline prices matched what the English already pay today.
These examples show why carbon prices will need to be higher than $80 to ensure a safe climate future.
Meanwhile, Alberta next door charged a carbon price of less than $1 per tonne of CO2 in their province last year. (Math: $160m paid in emissions compliance divided by 210m tCO2 from fossil fuel burning = $0.76 per tCO2).
Environment Canada projects that Alberta's extremely low carbon pricing will result in such a huge surge in climate pollution that the province will single-handedly wipe out all the climate cuts in all the rest of Canada.
Despite clear warning that their weak policies are leading to national failure, Alberta has never raised their carbon price. Even discussing charging more than their current $1 per tCO2 in the future is proving to be politically toxic.
At the national level, the Harper government has vilified carbon pricing for years as a socialist scheme that will destroy the economy. Recently, Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced that their long-promised climate regulations for our oil and gas sector would be delayed yet again. This time "indefinitely".
ExxonMobil reaps benefit, shirks responsibility
ExxonMobil benefits from selling fossil fuels but appears to take no responsibility for any of the climate damage their products cause.
They sold over a trillion dollars in fossil fuel products in the last three years. Profits approached a billion dollars a week. And yet the responsibility they assume for the megatonnes of CO2 their products will cause is zero. Their report mirrors this benefit-responsibility disconnect. They spend many pages talking about the benefits of their products and not a single word about the climate consequences of using them.
Studies show that the disconnect between who benefits from fossil fuels and who takes responsibility for the resulting CO2 is growing ever wider in recent years. More than 60% of global economic benefit from fossil fuels is now out of sync with the UN's decades-old carbon accounting system for CO2 responsibility.
The UN accounting system puts all the CO2 responsibility onto the nations that burn fossil fuels. But nations also benefit from selling fossil fuels to others and from consuming products and services made elsewhere using fossil fuels. The explosion in global trade in fossil fuels, products and services means that assigning all the CO2 responsibility to those burning fossil fuels no longer accurately reflects who benefits. The accounting system is full of "carbon responsibility leakages".
If we are going to avoid the "climate catastrophe" ExxonMobil's own data shows we are headed for, everyone who benefits from fossil fuels will need to start shouldering some of the responsibility for the climate pollution. That needs to happen for moral, fairness and successful policy reasons.
The outlook for different energy sources
I'll wrap up with a brief look at how ExxonMobil expects the different energy sources to evolve...
Sports
Here We Go Again:
Now Basketball Bureaucrats Get All Tangled Up In Sikh Stars' Turbans
KARAN MADHOK
EDITORIAL
It's a clever way of maintaining the status quo and keeping the field secure for mediocre players ... because the decision makers would like to manipulate the rules to prolong the privileges their own players have enjoyed unfairly for so long.
Black players were kept out of golf. For good reason, it appears. Because once Tiger Woods appeared on the scene, they laid waste to all the mediocrity that had been hailed until then.
Black players too had been kept off the tennis courts. Until Arthur Ashe ... and then, the sisters Venus and Serena Williams ... came along and took over the field by raising the standards.
Same with baseball.
Same with women players.
Now, its Sikhs. It appears their patkas and turbans and dastaars and beards and unshorn hair instantly jeopardize the lives of other players the moment the Sikh players step into the arena!
In every field of endeavour, not just in sports. Over and over again, barriers still need to be torn down in order to raise the status quo standards.
Sikh athletes have repeatedly had to fight ignorance and bigotry, and sadly continue to be embroiled in the fight to raise general standards even today.
The following story, from this very week, shows us that the moment Sikh stars appeared on the basketball court and threatened the status quo, suddenly their patkas -- just like the black pigmentation in the skin of African Americans in days of yore -- became a threat to public safety!
The saga continues ...
While India's surprising success at the International Basketball Federation's (“FIBA”) Asia Cup in Wuhan, China has been a complete team effort, a special nod should be given towards the country's formidable frontcourt, which has perplexed opponents on both ends of the floor so far.
India have relied particularly on 6-foot-10 Amrit Pal Singh (23) and 6-foot-8 Amjyot Singh (22), both players who have developed out of Punjab's great basketball academies. The former has been one of the tournament's best defensive players and the latter has been among India's scoring leaders.
Before the tournament began, it was clear that the two players would have to be at the top of their respective games for India to have a chance at defeating some of the more fancied Asian opponents.
And yet, when the team took the floor for their first game against Japan on Saturday evening, Amrit Pal and Amjyot were out of the starting lineup.
Their omission had nothing to do with their form, their health, or their behaviour. And it had everything to do with their religion - or, more precisely - on FIBA's misunderstanding of their religious customs.
Amjyot and Amrit Pal are both of the Sikh religion, and for those who may be unaware, it is part of a strict code of conduct for Sikhs to, a) not cut their hair and, b), keep their hear covered under a patka, turban or dastaar.
Like people of any religion or custom, Sikhs can't be generalized and not all of them follow the discipline of their faith closely. Some cut their hair, some don't wear turbans, while some follow the full discipline. Turban or no turban, millions of Sikhs seem to be getting along around the world just fine - in most cases.
Amjyot and Amrit Pal both play basketball with their patkas and dastars on; Amrit Pal only began wearing theirs a few years ago, Amjyot has worn it all their life. Both had taken part in various FIBA basketball events at home and abroad and their headgear had presented no issue in the past.
Until Saturday. July 12, 2014.
For the first time, FIBA officials at the Japan-India game decided to invoke FIBA's "No Headgear" rule in an international game.
Neither Amjyot and Amrit Pal could start the game, since they both had to scramble to open their patkas and then tie their hair back using a headband of some sort. They finally checked in two minutes later, but the roughly tied hair was uncomfortable for both of them, and additionally, the referees stopped them several times to show if their hair was fine. Both reported after the game that it felt awkward to play this way.
India went on to lose that game by 20 points, but there were a variety of other reasons beyond hair-troubles for our top big men that led to that defeat.
Rules are rules, and Article 4.4.2 of FIBA's Official Basketball Rules states, "Players shall not wear equipment (objects) that may cause injury to other players," a list that includes headgear like patkas, turbans, dastaars, hijab, etc.
But India claims that it was misled about the implementation of this rule. A day before the tournament, India's Head Coach Scott Flemming had been given an affirmative from FIBA Asia officials that the Sikhs in their team could keep their turbans on for the game - but before the game itself, the officials changed their minds and disturbed not just the two players in question but also Team India's flow before the game.
"I spent a long time advocating for our players the day before the Japan game and finally thought we got the okay for [them] to wear their turbans," Flemming said a few days after the incident. "I was then told right before the game there was a misunderstanding on what we agreed to. I again pleaded for our players on this ruling. Finally, the FIBA official made the ruling and we had no choice. I would never make our players do anything they were uncomfortable with according to their religious practices. It was up to them. They both decided to adjust to play in the game. It was disruptive but I thought they both handled it well."
Flemming added, "I am personally against a rule like this that infringes on someones religious beliefs that does not cause any harm to others. [But] it's is a FIBA rule."
A few weeks ago, Habeeba Husain on SLAMOnline.com had argued for the case for allowing hijab for Muslim basketball players, and on the ludicrous notion that FIBA has felt that small pieces of cloth worn to signify religious identity could pose a threat to anyone. One could make the same argument for turbans - they are a part of the lifelong identity and a matter of pride for many of these individuals, and asking them to play without it is not only insulting to them emotionally but also a deterrent to their regular habits of physical comfort.
"We have always played in turbans, even in last year's FIBA Asia Championship in Manila," said Amrit Pal, "But playing in the Japan game without it felt very awkward. I wear a turban in practice, too, and it was strange to not have it on during the game."
Amjyot, who had never experienced playing basketball without their turban, was disturbed, too.
"It felt very bad that they did this right before the game, even after our coaches had felt that we had the permission to keep our turbans on," they said, "At least, eventually, they let us fix it with a band, but even that felt very awkward. In the China game, I tied my hair back with rubber-bands to make it hold on tighter. But I find it to be much more comfortable playing with turban, of course - that is part of my habit."
By the time the China game came around, both players had found a temporary fix for their hair, and on-court, they fixed the basketball issues, too.
Both of them started: Amjyot was the leading scorer in the game as India defeated China for the first time in its basketball history. Amrit Pal was a beast on the defensive end, and made life extremely uncomfortable for Chinese bigs such as Zhou Qi.
A day later, India continued their bright form to blow out Indonesia. They lost to Iran in yesterday's last group stage game, but still qualified for the Quarter-Finals.
Now, India finds itself in the Quarter-Finals with dreams to go even further. And both our big long-haired Sikh superstars will be an integral part of realizing that dream, with or without their turbans.
But more importantly for their culture and for their beliefs, we hope they earn some respect to make the rest of the basketball world realize that it's not Sikhs' headgear they should fear; it's their game.
[Courtesy: Hoopistani. Edited for sikhchic.com]
July 16, 2014
Conversation about this article Comment on "Here We Go Again:
Now Basketball Bureaucrats Get All Tangled Up In Sikh Stars' Turbans" * Your Name
* Email
* City / Country
* Comments
To help us distinguish between comments submitted by individuals and those automatically entered by software robots, please complete the following. Submit Please note: your email address will not be shown on the site, this is for contact and follow-up purposes only. All information will be handled in accordance with our Privacy Policy. Sikhchic reserves the right to edit or remove content at any time.
read other articles in Sports
But so far the real action ... and the damage, is elsewhere
Here's the front page of the Herald Sun on Friday, savaging an ordinary voter who got caught in the election crossfire
ABC HERO A VILLAIN Q&A sob story star exposed as a thug as public donate $60,000 DUNCAN Storrar, the Geelong man the ABC presented as a "new national hero", has an extensive criminal record over two decades, including threats to kill and unlawful assault — Herald Sun, 13 May, 2016
So who is Duncan Storrar?
He's a man who asked a question on the ABC's Q&A about why they didn't get a tax break from the Budget.
Yes, really.
And it wasn't just the Herald Sun that was ripping into him. News Corp's The Australian was also revealing their rap sheet.
Q&A 'hero' convicted for threats to kill — The Australian, 13 May, 2016
That front page story by Caroline Overington front page exclusive the previous day branding the Q&A questioner an undeserving drug user who had let their family down.
... the truth about my father, the Q&A 'hero' — The Australian, 12 May, 2016
So what had they done to deserve this fury? Well, it had all started with this question on Q&A to a panel including government minister Kelly O'Dwyer
DUNCAN STORRAR: I've got a disability and a low education - that means I've spent my whole life working off a minimum wage. You're gonna lift the tax-free threshold for rich people. If you lift my tax-free threshold, that changes my life. That means that I get to say to my little girls, 'Daddy's not broke this weekend, we can go to the pictures.' Rich people don't even notice their tax-free threshold lift. ADAM BANDT: That's right. DUNCAN STORRAR: Why don't I get it? Why do they get it? — ABC, Q&A, 9 May, 2016
Duncan went on to repeat the claim that lifting the tax-free threshold would change their lives, and added:
DUNCAN STORRAR: Low-income earners lose more money, because every penny we pay in tax, is, just, that's money we don't have to spend at the bottom end. People who make $80,000 a year, don't know who they are, well, they don't even notice it, love. We notice that sort of stuff, eh? — ABC, Q&A, 9 May, 2016
Before they knew it, and whether they liked it or not, Duncan was starring as a poster boy for the left - the battler the Turnbull Budget had ignored
On social media hundreds of people tweeted their support with the hashtag #IstandwithDuncan
And, as their fame went viral, Q&A producer Amanda Collinge added a tweet they have since deleted, proclaiming:
Duncan has struck a chord. New national hero. — Twitter, @amandacollinge, 10 May, 2016
Not the wisest move, perhaps.
Read Amanda Collinge's statement to Media Watch.
By Tuesday morning the mainstream media were also moving in ... to build them up or knock them down.
The Age sent a photographer to snap them with their kids and claim
Election 2016: Q&A star Duncan Storrar puts a human face on the budget battle — The Age, 11 May, 2016
The Australian also sent its photographer round and hit back with a counter claim:
Federal Election 2016: ABC's 'budget fairness' victim pays no net tax — The Australian, 11 May, 2016
By now the public had also begun digging deep to support them
And even The Australian's Caroline Overington was on their side, replying to Amanda Collinge in a tweet that Overington has now deleted:
... that is one of the most heartwarming things ever. :) — Twitter, @overingtonc, 11 May, 2016
Overington also wrote in an opinion piece in the Oz the same day that Duncan had showed
... great dignity ... — The Australian, 11 May, 2016
... in their replies, despite being treated by some on the Q&A panel with a:
... Dickensian heartlessness that is hard to fathom. — The Australian, 11 May, 2016
But Overington also flagged
... claims, now being checked, that Duncan doesn't deserve a cent of your support. — The Australian, 11 May, 2016
And once those claims from friends, son and stepdaughter had been followed up it was open season on Duncan.
With the story ticking all boxes for News Corp:
Bash the poor.
Bash the ABC.
And Bash Labor.
The perfect trifecta.
On Friday morning the Herald Sun's front page splash hit the streets.
And editor Damon Johnston was on ABC radio with Jon Faine to defend their paper's actions in turning this man's life upside down.
JON FAINE: I think you're being a bully, Damon, and I think you're doing it in today's front page as well. 'ABC hero a villain'. 'Q&A sob story star exposed as a thug as public donate $60,000'. Another man who quite openly put their own battle with mental illness on national television on Q&A on Monday night, you go back more than 15 years to expose their criminal record to again bully and vilify him. What are you doing? DAMON JOHNSTON: Well, I think it's a legitimate point of public debate. If you put yourself on the public stage, and in, particularly in the middle of an election campaign, questioning government policy, questioning this, I think that you're entitled to be subjected to a bit of scrutiny. JON FAINE: A bit of scrutiny? A bit of scrutiny? DAMON JOHNSTON: And this, this man's son has obviously worked with us on the story and they are, they had a view on their father, so it was all part of legitimate public debate in my view. — 774 ABC Melbourne, Mornings with Jon Faine, 13 May, 2016
So is this what now happens in Australia to someone who sticks their head up in public and exercises their democratic rights?
Duncan didn't ask to be a national hero. Or a national villain. Nor did they ask for our charity.
All they did was put their hand up and ask a question. And they were crucified.
Last night they told Media Watch:
If a person shows the powers to be out of touch people, that they are, they will be dropped, probed and attacked in any way with no thought to the mental wellbeing of their children. This exposing of your life and every discrepancy in it will be published ruining your job prospects. — Duncan Storrar, Email to Media Watch, 11 May, 2016
And you can read a full statement from Duncan Storrar on our website, and despite the week he's had, they did say:
"Thank you Australia for all your support. I didn't want this."
BlackBerry has finally publicly declared that it is looking to find a new backer willing to take the company on or one that is happy to partner with the handset maker under a joint venture or other strategic partnership.
BlackBerry said:
“The Company's Board of Directors has formed a Special Committee to explore strategic alternatives to enhance value and increase scale in order to accelerate BlackBerry 10 deployment. These alternatives could include, among others, possible joint ventures, strategic partnerships or alliances, a sale of the Company or other possible transactions.”
Thorsten Heins, chief executive of BlackBerry added:
“We continue to see compelling long-term opportunities for BlackBerry 10, we have exceptional technology that customers are embracing, we have a strong balance sheet and we are pleased with the progress that has been made in our transition. As the Special Committee focuses on exploring alternatives, we will be continuing with our strategy of reducing cost, driving efficiency and accelerating the deployment of BES 10, as well as driving adoption of BlackBerry 10 smartphones, launching the multi-platform BBM social messaging service, and pursuing mobile computing opportunities by leveraging the secure and reliable BlackBerry Global Data Network.”
It's no secret that BlackBerry has been struggling to win over the consumer market in recent years, just one of the reasons it now needs to consider alternative options, despite maintaining good links with the enterprise, thanks to the wide-spread deployment of its BlackBerry Enterprise Server (BES) system.
However, simply putting the feelers out for a deal doesn't mean that any transaction will necessarily be entered into, BlackBerry said.
➤ Press release
Featured Image Credit – AFP/Getty Images
Read next: In the UK? You can trial eBay's personalised fashion recommendations right now.
Rescuers outside Moscow's Domodedovo international airport, January 24, 2011. Credit: Andrey Smirnov/AFP/Getty Images.
It takes a lot to terrorize a Russian. Compared to the truly spectacular acts of terrorism and violence that Russians have suffered over the past two decades, today's suicide bombing at Moscow's busiest airport, Domodedovo, is too small-time to have much of an effect besides pissing off an already-pissed-off population.
Back in 2004, two passenger jets that took off from this same airport were blown out of the sky by Chechen “black widows”—Chechen women widowed by the brutal war with Russia, and turned into suicide bombers. Shortly after that double-Lockerbie airplane bombing, opposition leader Eduard Limonov explained to me what they thought was behind the logic: “They understood that Russians wouldn't be moved if only one plane was blown up, so they blew up two planes simultaneously, just to get our attention,” they said. Limonov used to write about Russian hard-heartedness, the result of their brutal experience with Communism, followed by the nihilistic Yeltsin Era, when the average male's life expectancy plunged from 68 years to just 56, in a free-market Babylon of corruption, plunder, and violence.At a Moscow rock festival in 2003, two Chechen suicide bombers blew themselves up at the gated entrance, killing more than a dozen people and wounding scores more. Nevertheless, the 40,000 concert-goers were neither frightened nor particularly bothered; the festival went on for another six hours of vodka-and-beer-soaked revelry. Previous bombings of the Moscow metro, buses, and airlines have had no effect on public transport usage or travel. When suicide bombers attacked the popular Egyptian resort at Sharm-el-Sheikh in the summer of 2005, killing 88, most Europeans panicked and canceled their trips to the resort area—but not Russians.
Several years ago, Limonov—Russia's most famous living writer and leader of the anti-Putin opposition with Garry Kasparov—wrote a column for my defunct Moscow newspaper, The eXile, about how desensitized Russians have become:
Russians have a healthy attitude towards literature. As barbarians they expect it to shake them, to shock them, to thrill them. As Lolita didn't shock them, they throw it away with a deep contempt. The fact is that Russians are very insensitive people, with a low level of sensitivity. In order to move, to touch them, one must hurt their sensitivity, to wound their stone-made Russian souls. That is the task not for literature, but for mass-murderers, for the rapists of children, for the civil war, for the Hitler's invasion. Russians were not moved by “White House” massacre of 1993, they were not touched by [Chechen guerrilla leader] Basayev's assault on Budyonnovsk in 1995. Mass-murderer Andrei Chikatilo have winned their interest, yes, indeed Russian punk band call itself “Chikatilo Blues.” But Russians were not moved at all by old-fashioned seduction of intellectual Humbert Humbert by teenager Lolita, as it is no shock for them, no big deal.
Russian news sites are already reporting stories about how the notorious taxi mafia at Domodedovo is taking advantage of the chaos by charging as much as 20,000 rubles, or nearly $700, for the ride into the city center. In the immediate aftermath, the airport's incoming passengers weren't told about the bombing, and were led to another part of the airport to get their bags, unaware that they were walking through the scene of a gruesome terror act. Online bloggers and commentators are already complaining about airport corruption and lack of security, how the suicide bomber was allowed to walk into the “green zone” in the baggage claim area to maximize their kill count.
In 2004 at the same airport, it took only $200 in bribes to get the two Chechen suicide bombers onto the two airlines which they destroyed in mid-air.
As appalling as it might seem, let's remember what America's far more sentimental reaction to 9/11 got us: two disastrous wars, tens of thousands of deaths, and the sorts of police-state measures once thought unimaginable. The difference may be more in our sentimentality than in our brutality.
Mark Ames is a founding editor at eXiled Online, the author ofGoing Postal: Rage, Murder and Rebellion from Reagan's Workplace to Clinton's Columbine,and a co-author ofThe eXile: Sex, Drugs and Libel in the New Russia.
YouTube Ziad Ahmed said Stanford saw their "unapologetic activism" as an asset.
In answer to the question “What matters to you, and why?” on their Stanford application, Huffington Post blogger Ziad Ahmed made their point. Over and over and over.
The Muslim teen from Princeton, New Jersey, wrote “#BlackLivesMatter” 100 times, Mic reported.
On Friday, they received their letter of acceptance, which they posted to Twitter on Saturday.
“I didn't think I would get admitted to Stanford at all, but it's quite refreshing to see that they view my unapologetic activism as an asset rather than a liability,” Ahmed told Mic.
As for their emphasis on #BlackLivesMatter in the application, Ahmed, 18, said to the outlet, “To me, to be Muslim is to be a BLM ally, and I honestly can't imagine it being any other way for me.”
Early Tuesday, Ahmed clarified on Twitter that there was more to their application than that single reply.
Also, it's important to note that this response was one answer on one application. Not my college essay or etc. There's a lot more to it. — Ziad Ahmed (@ziadtheactivist) April 4, 2017
Ahmed's qualifications for the prestigious university extend beyond their now-viral answer.
According to the Root, they were invited to the White House Iftar dinner, worked for the presidential campaigns of Democrats Martin O'Malley and Hillary Clinton, and gave a TEDx Talk about youth activism.
Refinery29 noted that Ahmed was also accepted to Princeton and Yale. They did not immediately reply to a request for comment from HuffPost.
Here's an interview with Ahmed, who founded a teen social justice organization called Redefy:
Saskatchewan Finance Minister Ken Krawetz presents the province's 2013-2014 budget tomorrow — and he'll be the only one among their counterparts to inaugurate the new fiscal year with a surplus. Everywhere else it's red ink, as lower-than-expected revenues have added resource-rich provinces like Alberta and Newfoundland to the list of long-time big spenders such as Ontario and Quebec. As Maclean's argues in our guide to the federal budget, the state of provincial coffers matters just as much as that of Ottawa's finances. Excessive government debt will stifle economic growth regardless of whether its stashed in local or central government balance sheets and if a province's fiscal situation should become unsustainable — although that's not in the cards in the near future — it'll likely be up to federal government to foot the bill for a bailout.
That's why we've created this interactive graphic of provincial balance sheets. As you can see, although Alberta was the worst offender in terms of the discrepancy between how big the government predicted the deficit was going to be in fiscal 2013 ($882 million) and how big it expects it to be now ($3.9 billion), it is still the only province without net debt (that is the accumulated total of annual deficits, which, in turn, result from the government spending more than it generates in revenues every year). Conversely, Ontario, which has by far the largest deficit and debt, managed at least to keep its fiscal shortfall below what it said it would be in its 2012 budget, at nearly $12 billion rather than nearly $15 billion). Canada's most populous province also looks in considerably better shape than Quebec when one looks at debt-to-GDP ratios, a gauge of how sustainable the fiscal burden is.
How can it be then that Alberta features as the province with the highest probability of defaulting in 30 years and Quebec as the least likely? The numbers are based on a forecast from Marc Joffe, a former senior director at Moody's Analytics, who looked at long-term provincial fiscal trends in a paper for the MacDonald-Laurier Institute. They figure Alberta has been running large deficits, is vulnerable to price swings in the commodities markets (like, hmmm, this year) and has a population that'll age more rapidly than in other provinces. Quebec, by contrast, is fairly immune to resource-price volatility and its senior ranks are relatively small. That said, such long-term forecasts are rarely accurate — still, the trends Joffe highlights are food for thought.
—
INSTRUCTIONS:
Hover over each province to view more information. Click on “exclude” in the pop-up windows to view a graphic without a certain province (you might wish to view the deficit forecast chart without Ontario, for example, whose fiscal shortfall is so large it dwarfs everyone else's). Conversely, “keep only” allows you to isolate data for a single province. Click the circular arrow at the bottom of the two chart groups to refresh.
MAP: You can zoom-in by double-clicking on the map. To grab and move the map, press SHIFT and click. Click on the “home” symbol to restore the original settings.
Have fun!
This interactive graphic is best viewed in Firefox, Safari or Chrome.
Britain's nascent economic recovery is yet to be felt in workers' pockets, with wages rising at a paltry 0.7% in the year to August while prices grow almost four times faster.
Unemployment declined by 18,000 in the three months to August, to 2.49 million, according to the latest official snapshot of the labour market, and the number of people in work hit a fresh record high of 29.87 million people.
However, the strengthening in the labour market has not yet been reflected in the kind of pick-up in wage growth economists have been hoping for to translate the early signs of recovery into a solid upturn.
The Office for National Statistics said total pay rose at an annual rate of just 0.7% between June and August. Excluding bonuses, pay growth was marginally stronger, at just 0.8% – the weakest figure since comparable records began in 2001. Inflation was running at 2.7% in August.
These latest figures will help to underpin Labour's claims that while the economy may have "turned a corner" as the chancellor suggests, many ordinary families are still suffering a "cost-of-living crisis".
James Plunkett, of the thinktank the Resolution Foundation, said: "It is now well-established that this has been a tough downturn for wages. The fall in real wages we've seen has been unprecedented. But perhaps most worrying today is that there's still no sign of the wage squeeze ending – despite some better economic news, the gap between pay and prices is wider now than it was a year ago."
Pay is particularly weak in the public sector, the details of the ONS data reveal, declining by 1.6% in the year to August. Much of the fall came in the state-backed banks, where bonuses were down, and the make-up of the workforce has shifted towards lower-paid staff.
But even excluding financial services, public sector workers saw their pay decrease by 0.8% in the year to August: the weakest since records began in 2001, against a background of above-target inflation.
John Philpott, of the consultancy the Jobs Economist, said: "Workers in the public sector are now bearing the brunt of the real pay squeeze, adding to the pain imposed by job cuts in the order of 10,000 per month. This degree of real wage squeeze is not conducive to a strong and sustained recovery in the UK economy."
The unemployment rate – closely tracked by the Bank of England, which has promised not to raise interest rates until it falls at least to 7%, provided inflation remains under control – was unchanged, at 7.7% between June and August.
On the more timely claimant count measure, which only takes into account people receiving out-of-work benefits, unemployment fell by a chunky 41,700 between August and September, to hit 1.35 million. Meanwhile, the number of vacancies available across the economy hit its highest level since 2008, the ONS said.
Young people appear to have been left on the sidelines as the jobs market has recovered over the past 12 months, however, with unemployment among 16- to 24-year-olds almost unchanged at 958,000 between June and August.
Despite the unchanged unemployment rate, City analysts said the strong improvement in employment suggested the Bank might have to tighten monetary policy earlier than 2016, when it expects the unemployment rate to have hit its 7% threshold.
Howard Archer, of consultancy IHS Global Insight, said: "Although the unemployment rate was stable at 7.7% in the three months to August, the healthy overall tone of the labour market data does little to dilute expectations that it will get down to 7% well before the Bank of England is currently forecasting."
Chris Williamson, chief economist at Markit, said: "The upturn is welcome news as far as the economy is concerned, but raises the possibility that the Bank of England has underestimated the speed with which the economy is reviving."
On Jan. 22, Sasha Cohen will be inducted into the U.S. Figure Skating Hall of Fame. Others in the class of 2016 include Evan Lysacek and ice dancers Tanith Belbin-White and Ben Agosto.
It is a well-deserved honor for Cohen, the 2006 Olympic silver medalist at Torino. In part 1 of our interview with her, they discussed the bubble growing up as an Olympic athlete, their colorful figure-skater friend Johnny Weir, a phone call at the Salt Lake City Olympics with President George W. Bush and how to handle pressure before a big competition. Here, Cohen delves into their comeback attempt at the 2010 Vancouver Olympics, the differences between training for competition and ice shows and the recent efforts to prevent judges from cheating during competition scoring.
Jim Clash: When you tried to make your third Olympic team in 2010 for Vancouver, you were 25. That's considered old in your sport.
Sasha Cohen: It's really difficult, just the demands on your body, the injuries. The life span of a skater is short. You peak at the end of your teenage years, early 20s. You can't sustain it.
JC: Knowing that, why did you make the attempt?
SC: I was searching for that sense of purpose. I had not competed since ‘06, had toured for two to three years [in ice shows] and my life didn't mean anything. I didn't have those highs, those lows. Life was just nice. I'm actually home on Christmas baking cookies instead of being at the rink. It's Thanksgiving and I can eat too much turkey, just be lazy. I had been in the rink every holiday. I remember on one fourth of July when everyone was packing picnics and going to the beach for fireworks, they had to open the [ice] rink for me, turn on the lights – it was just me skating! I had my trainer, and then we were going to the track. It was like 100 degrees and I'm going to do sprints!
JC: Yikes.
SC: I broke down in tears and said, “I want to go home.” It's so hard because you do it alone. But it's also rewarding because you demand so much of yourself. That feeling is something nothing else can give you – at least nothing I've found. I wanted to come back a third time and know that I didn't leave anything out there.
JC: Most people don't realize the difference between training for say, the Olympics and for touring with an ice show. To the layperson, you make both look easy.
SC: When you're competing, the intensity of the training and demands to be competitive are completely different. A show is to entertain. There are spotlights, the music is different, technical difficulty is at a much lower level. It's a performance. But when you compete, the specifics of meeting the demands of the judges, the flow - there's so much involved. You can't sustain that level so you'll compete maybe six times in a season. But you can do 150 shows in a year - your body can take that. Mentally and emotionally, it's a very different life, too. When you tour, socially you can be open, have friends and good times on the bus. But when I competed, it was just having an early dinner with my mom, taking lots of naps, focusing and being nervous a lot [laughs] – a very different life.
JC: Seems to me skate judging has changed over the last decade to emphasize technical aspects, like jumps, and less the artistic.
SC: It's hard to see where it's gone with the judging system. Unfortunately now everyone has to do x, y and z to get the most points. So a lot of people are doing the same programming, and it's killing that unique element of skating which makes it so great. Some skaters are very athletic, some very artistic. Everyone has different strengths, and skating used to let those shine. Then again, skating is very hard to judge because everything is so subjective. It's not timed like swimming or running. I think we've lost a lot of fans not understanding what's going on with these random-number scores. Even skaters are going, “I don't know - is that a good score?" I understand what they're trying to do – make it better, prevent cheating – but they still have a ways to go.
JC: Give me a good life's lesson from the highs and lows you've had skating.
SC: You can't control what happens to you. But you can control how you react.
Additional installments of this interview:
Part 1: American Skate Darling Sasha Cohen 10 Years After Torino Olympics
Part 3: Skater Sasha Cohen On Life In New York As A Columbia Student
Part 4: Sasha Cohen On Michelle Kwan, Torino Olympic Silver And Them Tight Family
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Florida real estate developers were selling houses as fast as they could build them until the bottom fell out of the market. Now, hundreds of new homes and condos stand empty, threatened with decay and vandalism.
What can property owners do to preserve their investment until a house is sold? Some are turning to a unique publication, Gary Dunn's Caretaker Gazette.
"And so we're getting more and more advertisements from real-estate investors who are stuck with a home they can't sell someplace, and they just want even a trustworthy house-sitter to live in this empty home."
It's a win-win for anyone wanting a free place to live and a property owner with an unsold empty house. Dunn has been publishing the Caretaker Gazette since 1983.
Dunn says Florida is a booming job market for house-sitters, where real-estate speculators can't find buyers and just want someone to watch over their investment.
"We've had some of our subscribers take one of these house-sitting positions in a spec-home a few years ago, like a brand-new home. They have to keep it in nice shape for the Realtors, but they get to live there rent-free. This way, there are no more break-ins since they have someone living there."
The Census Bureau revealed that 18 percent, or 1.6 million, of the Sunshine State's homes are sitting vacant. That's a rise of more than 63 percent during the past 10 years.
Les Coleman, Public News Service - FL
A new explosive, hidden camera video has been obtained exclusively by Colorado Peak Politics showing Democratic State Senator Angela Giron's protesters harassing recall signature gatherers and then being paid secretly in cash for their efforts, seemingly at the direction of Giron herself.
Giron is facing a recall campaign over their support for extreme gun control legislation. Recall organizers turned in over 13,500 signatures on Monday and they are currently being reviewed by the Secretary of State's office for validity.
In the video, seen after the jump, recall organizers ask the protesters to stop blocking access to their petition tables, eventually having to call the cops when the protesters refuse to move.
Then it gets interesting.
Giron is seen talking to the police officers who were called to the scene. It's not clear what is spoken about, but then it gets even more explosive.
The video shows an unidentified man secretly handing cash to multiple “volunteer” protesters, and then talking to Giron themselves at the “scene of the crime.”
Did Senator Giron direct that their protesters illegally harass recall organizers? Where did that cash come from that is being used to pay the “volunteers”? Was it reported on campaign finance forms?
Senator Giron, call your office. You have some serious questions to answer.
Image caption The flaw meant many accounts were viewable with a click
Facebook has moved quickly to shut down a loophole which made some accounts accessible without a password.
The bug was exposed in a message posted to the Hacker News website.
The message contained a search string that, when used on Google, returned a list of links to 1.32 million Facebook accounts.
In some cases clicking on a link logged in to that account without the need for a password. All the links exposed the email addresses of Facebook users.
Throwaway account
The message posted to Hacker News used a search syntax that exposed a system used by Facebook that lets users quickly log back in to their account.
Email alerts about status updates and notifications often contain a link that lets a user of the social network respond quickly by clicking it to log in in to their account.
In a comment added to the Hacker News message, Facebook security engineer Matt Jones said the links were typically only sent to the email addresses of account holders. Links sent in this way can only be clicked once.
"For a search engine to come across these links, the content of the emails would need to have been posted online," they wrote. Mr Jones suspected this is what happened as many of the email addresses exposed were for throwaway mail sites or for services that did a bad job of protecting archived messages.
Most of the million or so links exposed would already have expired, said Mr Jones.
"Regardless, due to some of these links being disclosed, we've turned the feature off until we can better ensure its security for users whose email contents are publicly visible," they said.
Mr Jones added that Facebook had taken steps to secure the accounts of people who had been exposed by the flaw. Many of the exposed accounts were in Russia and China.
In an official statement, Facebook said the links were sent "directly to private email addresses to help people easily access their accounts, and we never made them publicly available or crawlable."
However, it said, the links were then posted elsewhere online which led to them being indexed on search engines.
It said: "While we have always had protections on these private links to provide an additional layer of security, we have since disabled their functionality completely and are remediating the accounts of anyone who recently used this feature."
Celebrity
The Victoria's Secret model reveals that they chose the name Christopher as their baby son Flynn's middle name as a tribute to their first boyfriend who died in a car accident.
Jul 14, 2011
AceShowbiz - Miranda Kerr is paying tribute to their late ex-boyfriend through their first son with Orlando Bloom. The Victoria's Secret model recently revealed that their baby son's middle name takes after their first boyfriend, Christopher Middlebrook, who died in a tragic car accident when they were a teenager.
"Chris and I had been dating for two years. After they died, I wrote them a letter that said I hoped to name my first child after them in some way," the 28-year-old Aussie beauty told The Daily Telegraph. They added that their actor husband was totally supporting their wish. "I told Orlando, and they were the one who said he'd be happy to do that," they said. "Orlando's a good guy."
Miranda has talked about Christopher's tragic passing in their book, "Treasure Yourself". Having noted that they felt as if their heart had been ripped from their chest, they wrote, "Chris' death taught me that the people who touch your life are always with you. It taught me that I have the choice to be grateful for the time I had with them instead of dwelling on losing him."
Miranda gave birth to Flynn Christopher Blanchard Copeland Bloom on January 6. In a recent interview with InStyle Australia, they recalled the pains of natural childbirth, "I actually thought I was going to die at one point and left my body. I was looking down on myself, the pain was so intense. I kept thinking, 'How do women do this?' "
The online retail giant is looking to expand its delivery operations to avoid the bottlenecks caused by overwhelmed carriers such as UPS.
Amazon.com is negotiating to lease 20 Boeing 767 jets for its own air-delivery service, cargo-industry executives have told The Seattle Times.
The online retail giant wants to build out its own cargo operations to avoid delays from carriers such as United Parcel Service, which have struggled to keep up with the rapid growth of e-commerce.
“Amazon is pretty fed up with the third-party carriers being a bottleneck to their growth,” Robert W. Baird & Co. analyst Colin Sebastian said.
That has led Amazon to consider handling more of its own delivery. A senior aircraft-leasing company executive familiar with Amazon's plans said the company has approached several cargo-aircraft lessors to line up the planes. The company has had talks with Air Transport Services Group (ATSG), Atlas Air and Kalitta Air, according to sources, though Kalitta Chief Executive Connie Kalitta denied they have talked with Amazon.
Leasing 20 jets would be a significant expansion of an Amazon trial operation out of Wilmington, Ohio, operated by ATSG on Amazon's behalf, sources said. A cargo-industry source said Amazon expects to make a decision to go beyond the trial run and pull the trigger on a larger air-cargo operation by the end of January.
“I believe they are serious about looking at this,” said the leasing executive, who asked not to be named because they may later do business with Amazon. “They are not going to hang about.”
One analyst even speculates Amazon could deliver for other companies, putting it in direct competition with UPS and FedEx, a move that would dramatically shake up the express package business.
Amazon declined to comment on the development of an air-cargo operation.
The online news site Motherboard reported last month on the Wilmington trial.
Right now, that trial at Wilmington is limited. CEO Joe Hete said in a November conference call that ATSG is using five 767s flown by the company's subsidiaries Air Transport International and ABX Air for a customer they declined to name.
Airplane-tracker Flight­Aware.com shows the two carriersare flying about five times a day from Wilmington to Dallas; Tampa, Fla., Ontario, Calif.; and Allentown, Pa. Amazon has warehouses near each of those airports.
From Nov. 1 through Dec. 17, the two ATSG carriers flew a total 219 flights with 767s from Wilmington. In the same period in 2014, the carriers flew just seven 767 flights from Wilmington.
The additional jets Amazon is negotiating to lease would likely operate out of Wilmington Air Park, a former cargo hub that had fallen into disuse.
Airborne Express, the former Seattle-based cargo company, once operated from Wilmington. German carrier DHL later acquired the sales and ground network of Airborne.
DHL used the airport, which has two runways, as hub for its U.S. operations. That business sputtered, and DHL closed its Wilmington business in 2008, laying off 7,000 workers.
One of Amazon's biggest challenges is finding the cargo planes necessary for the operation. Boeing's 767s are the preferred plane for the job, but there are a finite number of them, and they are a hot commodity.
According to ABX, main decks of its 767s can accommodate up to 19 pallets, each measuring 88 by 125 inches at the base.
Earlier this month, ATSG bought two former Qantas 767-300ERs for conversion. Kalitta, which recently acquired two used 767-300ER passenger planes that are being converted to cargo freighters, is negotiating to buy even more.
“Atlas is also adding 767-300ERs and chasing Amazon,” the leasing executive said.
Because Amazon doesn't have an Air Operator's Certificate, which it needs to fly airplanes commercially, it would have to turn to cargo-jet lessors to launch the business.
Leasing newly built Boeing 767F jets runs $600,000 to $650,000 a month, according to industry experts.
Used converted freighter jets, which Amazon will likely have to launch the cargo business, cost about $300,000 to $325,000 per month to lease.
“As an interim step, (Amazon) will probably have to sign up with somebody who already has 767s and can start the operation,” the leasing executive said. “Then they'll have to move, probably from 2017 onward, into acquiring airplanes themselves.”
Amazon is working to avoid the debacle of two years ago, when the holiday crush overwhelmed UPS, causing many Amazon customers to get gifts after Christmas had passed. Those delays led Amazon to refund shipping charges and offer customers a $20 gift card.
“This is more of a warning shot across the bow of the express industry,” said Ned Laird, former managing director of Seattle-based consultancy Air Cargo Management Group, who is now retired. “(Amazon is saying) ‘We're not getting what we need. We've told you what we need. We'll go elsewhere for now.' ”
Package-delivery services are already showing signs of strain this holiday season.
Tracking-software developer ShipMatrix reported the on-time rates for FedEx and UPS this season are behind where they were a year ago.
“(Amazon is) growing so quickly, their partners can't keep up,” Baird's Sebastian said.
For its part, UPS disputes the ShipMetrix data and said the company's on-time shipping performance topped 97 percent this week.
“The vast majority of customers are receiving their packages on time,” UPS spokesperson Steve Gaut said.
For the past few years, Amazon has been working to exert greater control over its shipping.
In 2014, it debuted its first sortation center in Kent, where it sorts parcels sent from its own warehouses by ZIP code and sends them to individual U.S. post offices for delivery in that day's mail.
A year ago, it launched Prime Now, offering delivery as fast as one hour to members of its $99-a-year Prime subscription service. Delivery is often done by contract workers who ferry parcels from urban warehouses to customers' homes.
Earlier this month, Amazon announced adding thousands of trucks to its fleet to handle the growing load of packages it's shipping.
“We have a very good and longstanding commercial relationship with many carriers, but we know that there is supplemental capacity needed in the market — so we are supplementing our existing carriers with our own trailer equipment,” Mike Roth, Amazon's vice president of North America operations, told the Chicago Tribune at the time.
Other users
Sebastian believes Amazon will eventually ship air-cargo packages for other companies as well, putting it in direct competition with UPS, FedEx and others.
Conceptually, other retailers could store goods in Amazon's warehouses, then have Amazon manage the entire delivery operation. That would help Amazon keep the cargo planes loaded even after the holiday crush ends.
“They potentially will have air-cargo vehicles with extra space,” Sebastian said. “So it makes sense to offer that space (to other companies) to fill it up.”
Sebastian believes Amazon could begin offering shipping for third parties “as soon as next year.”
A source said the air-cargo operation is being run by Scott Ruffin, who joined Amazon two years ago. Among the team he's assembled to get this operation off the ground is Kniffin Kelly, who joined Amazon in September after a long career with UPS.
If Montanans are complaining, it must be serious.
“Montana is not a state where people come to their U.S. senator just willy-nilly,” Sen. Jon Tester (D., Mont.) said during a hearing Tuesday on the foreclosure mess, arguing that there's no question problems with foreclosure documents and lenders operations go far beyond a few isolated incidents.
Their home state has just 950,000 residents and still they have staff members spending “a ton of time” on foreclosure-related problems, Mr. Tester said, detailing two cases involving Bank of America Corp.
Mr. Tester said one of their constituents was told by a bank representative to stop paying their mortgage while the bank reviewed their application for a loan modification. As a result, the man was hit with penalties and their credit score suffered. Mr. Tester said another homeowner he's helping has been fighting with Bank of America for a year to avoid foreclosure proceedings – after the bank sent them notice that they'd approved their loan modification.
Mr. Tester acknowledged Bank of America has been helpful in working with their office. “Unfortunately, not everybody calls their U.S. senator when they have a problem,” they added.
Barbara DeSoer, president of Bank of America's home loan business, said their bank's hands are tied by their investors, who require them to pursue foreclosure at the same time they're trying to work out a loan modification for a strapped homeowner — what people in the industry call a “dual track” process.
That means a homeowner like the one Mr. Tester described continues to get foreclosure notices even though the foreclosure sale will never take place, Ms. DeSoer said. They said the confusion the dual track process creates is why Bank of America is working with Iowa Attorney General Tom Miller and others to overhaul the system.
How to combine creatine and caffeine – and how not to
It's better not to use creatine and caffeine [structural formulae shown below] together. This was the message in a human study published by sports scientists in Belgium 15 years ago. A recent Japanese test-tube study shows why. Imagine this: you give a 90 kg bodybuilder 45 g creatine for 6 days in a row. The effect is a 5 percent increase in the amount of phosphocreatine in their muscles, making them 10-20 percent stronger. If you give the same bodybuilder a daily 450 mg caffeine in addition, then there's no increase in muscle strength. Belgian researchers published these results in 1996. [J Appl Physiol. 1996 Feb; 80(2): 452-7.] It would appear that creatine and caffeine get in each other's way. But 6 years after the Belgian research was published, the results of a study done at the University in Luton were made known. These results seemed to suggest that creatine and caffeine were not affecting each other. [Med Sci Sports Exerc. 2002 Nov; 34(11): 1785-92.] If the imaginary bodybuilder from the Belgian study had taken part in the British study they would have taken a daily 27 g creatine for 6 days. After this period the researchers would have tested their stamina on a treadmill, seeing how long they could stay running. On one occasion they took 450 mg caffeine an hour before running, on the other occasion they took a placebo. It was already known that creatine supplements extend the amount of time someone can run, and that caffeine has the same effect. But does a single time dose of caffeine improve performance in athletes who've already charged their muscles with creatine? That's the question the Brits wanted an answer to. And they got a 'yes'.
The figure above shows the effect of caffeine on the test subjects' running time. In some of the subjects caffeine reduced the running time, but in most a single dose did have added value, on top of the creatine. The test subjects consumed no products containing caffeine during the 6 days of creatine loading. So athletes can benefit from a one-time high dose of caffeine if they use creatine [British study reasoning], but not if they consume high doses of caffeine on a regular basis [Belgian study reasoning]. And now a Japanese study published two months ago in Metabolism throws light on why this is so. [Metabolism. 2009 Nov; 58(11): 1609-17.] The Japanese wanted to know whether caffeine imitates the positive effects of physical exercise on muscle cells – and their study provided an affirmative answer. They exposed cells from rats' soleus calf muscle to caffeine in a test tube. Physical exercise reduces the amount of fuel in the muscle cells. As a result the enzyme AMPK becomes more active in these cells – and this is an enzyme that tells muscle cells that they should be doing the kind of things that doctors say are healthy. The muscle cells start burning fat and become more sensitive to insulin – that kind of thing. That's why researchers everywhere are working on pills that activate AMPK. Caffeine is also a bit of an AMPK booster, the Japanese discovered. The figure below shows the activating effect of caffeine on AMPK.
In this process, however, the amount of creatine in the muscle cells decreases, the Japanese discovered. And this happens within minutes.
Of course, the concentrations the Japanese used are much higher than the concentrations found in the human body, but the message is clear. Caffeine messes up the muscle cell's creatine metabolism. If you take creatine, high daily doses of caffeine will cancel out its effect. But the effect of caffeine is apparently not so strong that it's no use at all to creatine takers. A one-time high dose of caffeine does have an effect. So during a course of creatine you could occasionally use caffeine as a training booster. Taking caffeine daily is not a good idea though. Source:
J Appl Physiol. 1996 Feb; 80(2): 452-7.
More:
D-Pinitol adds nothing to creatine 03.12.2009
Creatine pyruvate works better than creatine citrate 03.09.2009
PEGylated creatine is disappointing 11.05.2009
Episode of The Simpsons
"Homer at the Bat" is the seventeenth episode of The Simpsons' third season. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 20, 1992.[3] The episode follows the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant softball team, led by Homer, having a winning season and making the championship game. Mr. Burns makes a large bet that the team will win and brings in nine ringers from the "big leagues" to ensure their success. It was written by John Swartzwelder, who is a big baseball fan, and directed by Jim Reardon.
Roger Clemens, Wade Boggs, Ken Griffey, Jr., Steve Sax, Ozzie Smith, José Canseco, Don Mattingly, Darryl Strawberry and Mike Scioscia all guest starred as themselves, playing the ringers hired by Mr. Burns. Terry Cashman sang a song over the end credits.[3] The guest stars were recorded over several months, with differing degrees of cooperation. The episode is often named among the show's best, and was the first to beat The Cosby Show in the ratings on its original airing. In 2014, showrunner Al Jean selected it as one of five essential episodes in the show's history.[4]
Plot [ edit ]
It is softball season in Springfield and the workers at Springfield Nuclear Power Plant are reluctant to sign up for the plant's team due to their previous unsuccessful year. Homer reveals a secret weapon, a homemade bat named "Wonder Bat" that they made from a fallen tree branch during a thunderstorm and their co-workers eagerly join the team. Thanks in large part to Homer, they go through their season undefeated and earn the right to play in the championship game against the Shelbyville Nuclear Power Plant.
Mr. Burns makes a million dollar bet with Aristotle Amadopolis, owner of the Shelbyville plant, that their team will win. To secure victory, Mr. Burns decides to hire major league stars, including Shoeless Joe Jackson, Pie Traynor, Harry Hooper, Honus Wagner, Cap Anson, Nap Lajoie, Gabby Street, Mordecai "Three Finger" Brown, and Jim Creighton to join their team. Smithers informs Mr. Burns that the players they picked have all retired and died, so Mr. Burns orders them to find current players. They hire nine Major League Baseball players—Roger Clemens, Wade Boggs, Ken Griffey Jr., Steve Sax, Ozzie Smith, José Canseco, Don Mattingly, Darryl Strawberry and Mike Scioscia—and gives them token jobs at the plant so they can play on the team, to the dismay of the plant workers. Mr. Burns also hires a hypnotist to train the team, and Wonder Bat is destroyed, to Homer's dismay, by a pitch from Clemens during practice.
Before the game, eight of the nine all-star players suffer unrelated misfortunes that prevent them from playing: Clemens starts behaving like a chicken due to the hypnotist's incompetence, Boggs is knocked unconscious by Barney at Moe's Tavern after an argument over the greatest British Prime Minister, Griffey Jr. develops gigantism after overdosing on brain and nerve tonic provided to the team by Mr. Burns, Sax is arrested by the Springfield Police and put in jail for every unsolved murder in New York City, Smith disappears in the "Springfield Mystery Spot", Canseco is busy rescuing a woman and their possessions from a house fire, Mattingly is kicked off the team by Mr. Burns for not shaving off their sideburns, and Scioscia is hospitalized due to radiation poisoning from the plant. Mr. Burns is forced to use their original employees, along with Strawberry, the only star who can play. Homer remains on the bench as Strawberry plays their position.
With the score tied and bases loaded with two outs in the bottom of the ninth inning, Mr. Burns elects to field a right-handed hitter against a left-handed pitcher and pinch hits Homer for Strawberry. Distracted by Mr. Burns, the first pitch hits Homer in the head, rendering them unconscious, but forcing in the winning run. The team wins the title and Homer, still unconscious, is paraded as a hero.[2][3]
Production [ edit ]
"Homer at the Bat" took a long time to produce.[5] It was written by John Swartzwelder, who is a big baseball fan,[6] but was suggested by Sam Simon, who wanted an episode filled with real Major League Baseball players.[5] Executive producers Al Jean and Mike Reiss doubted that they would be able to get nine players, thinking that they would be able to get three at best. They succeeded, and the nine players who agreed to guest star were recorded over a period of six months,[7] whenever they were playing the Los Angeles Dodgers or California Angels.[5] Each player recorded their part in roughly five minutes and spent the next hour writing autographs for the staff.[8] In several cases, the writers were unable to get the player who was their first choice.[5] Nolan Ryan, Rickey Henderson, Ryne Sandberg, and Carlton Fisk were among the players who turned down the chance to guest star.[9][8]
José Canseco disliked the original part written for them in the episode and asked for it to be rewritten
All of the players were cooperative except for José Canseco, who was intimidating.[5] They disliked their original part and insisted it be rewritten, and the writers grudgingly[6] made them as heroic as possible.[5] They were originally slated to wake up in bed with Edna Krabappel and miss the game, but Canseco's then-wife, Esther Haddad, objected.[10][11] They disliked their caricature, stating that "the animation looked nothing like [him],"[10] but that they found the acting was very easy.[12] When asked in 2007 about their part by the San Jose Mercury News, they responded, "that was 100 years ago," hung up the phone and did not answer any of the paper's subsequent calls for an interview about their guest spot.[10]
Ken Griffey, Jr. did not understand their line "there's a party in my mouth and everyone's invited" and got quite frustrated when they were recording it. They were directed by Mike Reiss, and their father Ken Griffey, Sr. was also present, trying to coach their son.[7] Roger Clemens, who made their own chicken noises, was directed by Jeff Martin, as was Wade Boggs.[6] Mike Reiss directed most of the other players.[7] Mike Scioscia accepted their guest spot in "half a second," while Ozzie Smith has stated that they would like to guest star again "so [he] can get out [of the Springfield Mystery spot]."[12] Don Mattingly, who was forced to shave off their "sideburns" by Mr. Burns during the episode, would later have an actual "haircut controversy", while they were playing for the New York Yankees. The coaching staff forced them to cut their long hair, and was briefly dropped from the team line-up for not doing so. Many people believed the joke in the episode to be a reference to the incident, but "Homer at the Bat" was recorded a year before it happened.[11][12] Many of the guest stars, including Terry Cashman, Wade Boggs and Darryl Strawberry all admit that they are more well known because of their appearance in the episode, especially outside the United States, Cashman having "Talkin' Softball" requested more often than "Talkin' Baseball".[12]
One of the hardest pieces of editing was the hypnotist segment, which featured several of the guest stars speaking in unison. It was difficult because the parts were recorded over a period of several months and thus it was hard to sync their voices.[7] Rich Moore was originally intended to direct the episode, but as they did not know anything about baseball they were switched with Jim Reardon, who was a baseball fan. Moore was given the episode "Lisa the Greek" instead.[13] Many of the player designs were difficult, because the animators had a hard time designing real world people during the early seasons.[13]
Cultural references [ edit ]
The episode's title is a reference to Ernest Thayer's 1888 baseball poem "Casey at the Bat."[14] The episode makes several allusions to the film The Natural. Homer's secret weapon, their self-created "Wonderbat", is akin to Roy Hobbs's "Wonderboy", and both bats are eventually destroyed. The scene featuring the explosion of stadium lights as Homer circles the basepaths is also taken directly from the film.[2] The end song "Talkin' Softball" is a parody of "Talkin' Baseball" by Terry Cashman. Jeff Martin wrote the new version of the song, but Cashman was brought in to sing it.[6] The scenes of the Power Plant team traveling from city to city by train, overlaid with the pennant of the city they are going to, is a reference to the 1942 film The Pride of the Yankees.[15] Carl batting with a piano leg is a reference to Norm Cash of the Detroit Tigers, who once tried to bat with a table leg in a game where Nolan Ryan was extremely overpowering and threw a no-hitter.[5]
Reception [ edit ]
During the previous season, Fox had put The Simpsons in a timeslot that meant it was in direct competition with The Cosby Show, which won the timeslot every time.[5] "Homer at the Bat" had a 15.9 rating and 23% share to win its timeslot while The Cosby Show had a 13.2 rating and 20% share. This was the first time that a new Simpsons episode beat a new Cosby Show episode.[16] Former executive producer Sam Simon and current showrunner Al Jean named it as their favorite episode.[17][18] Regular cast members Harry Shearer and Julie Kavner disliked the episode because of its focus on the guest stars and its surreal tone.[7] They were particularly annoyed by the Mattingly sideburns joke.[6]
Roger Clemens was one of the nine players to guest star in the episode
Warren Martyn and Adrian Wood, the authors of the book I Can't Believe It's a Bigger and Better Updated Unofficial Simpsons Guide, praised the episode, calling it "a great episode because the accidents that befall the pro players are so funny."[2] Chris Turner, the author of the book Planet Simpson, said that the episode was the indication that "the Golden Age [of the show] had arrived." Nate Meyers gave the episode four and a half out of five, stating "the script makes great use of the baseball superstars, giving each of them a strong personality and plenty of pep (the highlight has to be Mattingly's clash with Mr. Burns)."[20] Colin Jacobson disliked the episode: "when ["Homer at the Bat"] originally aired, I didn't like it. While I've warmed up to the show slightly over the last decade, I still think it's generally weak, and I'd definitely pick it as Season Three's worst."[21]
Entertainment Weekly placed the episode sixteenth on their top 25 The Simpsons episodes list, noting it was "early proof that The Simpsons could juggle a squad of guest stars without giving the family short shrift."[22] It was placed third on AskMen.com's "Top 10: Simpsons Episodes" list, Rich Weir called it "one of the show's more memorable moments" and "effective as it combines a slew of guest stars with some hilarious material for Homer."[23] The entire episode was placed first on ESPN.com's list of the "Top 100 Simpsons sport moments", released in 2004. Greg Collins, the author of the list, gave great praise of the episode. They stated that this is the "king of all sports episodes, and perhaps the greatest Simpsons episode ever." A friend of Collins later met guest star Mike Scioscia and told them that they thought their guest spot was the best thing Scioscia had ever done, they responded "Thanks, I think".[24] Eric Reinagel, Brian Moritz and John Hill of Press & Sun-Bulletin named the episode the fourth best in the show's history,[25] and a journalist for The Toronto Star named Homer's conversation with Darryl Strawberry as the "greatest conversation of all time, involving the word yes".[26]
IGN.com ranked the baseballers' performances as the seventeenth best guest appearance in the show's history, calling "each of these appearances was hilarious, making this a classic episode."[27] The Phoenix.com praised the performances of each of the guest stars, but Darryl Strawberry, whom they put in the fifth position, was the only one to make their "Top 20 guest stars" list.[28]
Impact [ edit ]
The episode has been credited with helping to save at least two lives. During the scene in which Homer chokes on a donut, a poster explaining how the Heimlich maneuver works is on the wall behind him. In May 1992, Chris Bencze was able to save their brother's life by performing the Heimlich Maneuver on him, having seen it in the episode,[29] and in December 2007, Aiden Bateman was able to save their friend Alex Hardy's life by recalling the same.[30]
On October 22, 2017, Springfield of Dreams: The Legend of Homer Simpson, an hourlong mockumentary about the episode in the style of Ken Burns' Baseball, aired on Fox to commemorate the 25th anniversary of this episode as well as Homer's induction into the National Baseball Hall of Fame and Museum. Among those interviewed were every player who appeared in the episode except Strawberry.
References [ edit ]
Bibliography
Jamala
A new documentary film, created by Swedish journalist Elin Jonsson tells the story of how Jamala's “1944” was formed and its journey to victory in Stockholm, but it also tells the story of Crimea, and the faith Crimean Tatars faced in 1944.
When Eurovision fans first heard the song 1944 there were a few raised eyebrows. Many praised the unusual style of the song while others dismissed the song as it was deemed too political for the contest. Despite people's concerns, the song was given the thumbs up by the EBU and was granted permission to stay in the contest.
Even more were raised when despite neither winning the jury nor the public vote, Jamala had won by an overall majority and was declared the victor for the 2016 contest in Sweden. Now the song and the singer star in a new documentary, Боротьба Джамали (Jamala's Struggle).
As well as reliving the joyful events of 2016, the film shows how people are living in Crimea today additionally to the conditions that the Crimean Tatars faced in 1944 when they were deported from their homeland by Stalin. It also tells the story of how the world learned about the more recent Russian intervention in Crimea when the region was annexed in 2014.
The documentary was presented at the Kyiv Crimean House where both Jamala and Elin Jonsson were present. Speaking about the film after the event, Jamala said “I am very pleased to have shot such a wonderful film. But I used to say that it was early to devote myself to films. I'm just trying to do something. As for the work itself, Elin was a very inquisitive journalist and they showed everything and told me everything. They were able to show not only my victory, but the way to it, the motivation of my desire to win“.
When asked if they were going to follow in the footsteps of former Eurovision participants Ruslana and Zlata Ognevich and get involved in politics, Jamala rebuffed these saying “As you can see, I'm still not a deputy and not a politician, and I'm not going to be one. All my plans are related to creativity, with music. So I'm waiting for everyone at my concerts, I'll sing for you“.
Director Elin Jonsson plans to send the film to the international festival of documentary films.
You can remind yourself of the song for the performance of 1944 at the grand final by watching the video below.
A TERMINALLY-ILL Irish teenager received an unexpected message of support this week — from All Blacks rugby star Dan Carter.
Sixteen-year-old Donal Walsh from Blennerville, County Kerry, made national headlines following a moving interview on RTÉ's Saturday Night Show earlier this month.
Walsh was a budding young rugby player with dreams of playing for Munster before they were diagnosed with a tumour on their leg at the age of 12.
Yesterday morning they picked up a short message from one of the game's greats, the reigning IRB World Player of the Year Carter.
“Check your voice messages mate as just tried calling you,” the out-half tweeted them yesterday. “Best wishes with everything & keep smiling #truechampion.”
Walsh replied: “Thanks very much! It means a lot coming all the way from New Zealand not to mind you!
“Ill do my best and hope you're keeping well.”
Carter was also in touch with another young Irish fanatic when they posted a video message for 12-year-old Dubliner George Morgan.
Morgan, who plays for Terenure College, caught their eye with a skills video they uploaded to YouTube with the message: ‘Hey All Blacks check this out.'
“I just wanted to let you know how awesome your YouTube video was,” Carter said. “Absolutely loved it.”
“I believe you're pretty famous now in Ireland. Good luck with your future and I'm sure you'll be wearing the Irish rugby jersey one day. Hopefully you'll get a chance to play against the mighty All Blacks.”
Marijuana plants are seen in Chicago where officers say they discovered two football fields worth of pot plants growing on the city's South Side, Wednesday, Oct. 3, 2012. Authorities say more than 1,000 cannabis plants were discovered during a helicopter operation Tuesday. Some were as tall as Christmas Trees. (AP Photo/Teresa Crawford)
CHICAGO (AP) — In Chicago, a bustling urban metropolis where skyscrapers are as likely to sprout up as anything a farmer might plant, someone decided there was just enough room to grow something a little more organic: Marijuana.
The plants grew even taller than the tallest Chicago Bulls. However, just days before the crop on a chunk of land the size of two football fields would have been ready to harvest, a police officer and county sheriff's deputy in a helicopter spotted it as they headed back to their hangar about three miles away.
On Wednesday, a day after the discovery of the largest marijuana farm anyone at the police department can remember, officers became farmers for a day as they began to chop down about 1,500 marijuana plants that police said could have earned the growers as much as $10 million.
No arrests had been made as of Wednesday, and police were still trying to determine who owns the property that housed the growth site on the city's far South Side. But police said they were hopeful that because of the size of the operation, informants or others might provide tips about those involved, including a man seen running from the area as the helicopter swooped low.
James O'Grady, the commander of the department's narcotics division, said they've never seen anything like it before, in part because Chicago's harsh winters mean growers have a lot less time to plant, grow and harvest marijuana than their counterparts in less inclement places such as California and Mexico. The bumper crop was likely planted in spring, O'Grady said.
Add to that the urban sprawl: there are few spots in Chicago where such an operation could go unnoticed because of all the buildings, roads and residents. The growers took pains to ensure their crop was largely hidden by a canopy of trees and surrounding vegetation.
"Somebody put a lot of thought into it," O'Grady said. "But they probably didn't anticipate the helicopter."
Chicago Police Officer Stan Kuprianczyk, a pilot, said police helicopters flew "over it all the time," to and from their hangar, without spying the growth site. Yet somehow, a number of factors came together to allow Cook County Sheriff's Deputy Edward Graney to spot the plants.
"We had the right altitude, the right angle, the right sunlight, and I happened to be glancing down," said Graney. They said they initially spotted five plants or so through the trees before they asked Kuprianczyk to circle around for a closer look.
"We just happened to be right over a small hole in the trees and we looked down," Kuprianczyk said.
They also happened to have the right training, Graney said, explaining that just a few weeks earlier a much smaller operation in suburban Chicago prompted them to fly over and videotape the scene so they might be able to recognize marijuana if they ever saw it from the air again.
So, by the time Graney spotted the marijuana plants, which are a much brighter shade of green than the surrounding vegetation, they had a pretty good idea what they were looking at.
Superintendent Garry McCarthy, whose officers are more used to intercepting shipments of marijuana grown elsewhere or discovering hydroponic growing operations inside buildings, said the discovery of the marijuana is significant in a larger fight against street violence.
Those involved with narcotics, whether it is marijuana, heroin or cocaine, purchase firearms with their profits and have shown they're willing to use them to protect their business, they said.
"That's where the violence comes in, the competition for the markets," they said.
PHILADELPHIA — The Flyers need to rebound fast from a tough week that's included two road losses against teams below them in the standings and a beloved team leader who's expected emotional return Saturday night against the Rangers is off.
Four-time All-Star defenseman Kimmo Timonen, out all season due to blood clots, won't be making their season debut is this nationally televised game because they were traded Friday night to the Chicago Blackhawks for two draft picks.
Other storylines include:
• Flyers goalie Steve Mason will make their first start since undergoing Feb. 10 arthroscopic knee surgery.
• Rangers goalie Cam Talbot, 8-1-2 in net since Henrik Lundqvist suffered a throat injury in early February, will try to make it three shutouts in a row this season against the Flyers.
• The Rangers, 8-0-2 in their last 10 and winners of four straight, is contending for a division title.
• The Flyers, coming off road losses to Carolina and Toronto, will look to gain ground in their playoff chase, which currently has them trailing Boston by six points for the last spot in the East.
• Right wing Jakub Voracek still is making a strong bid to become the first Flyers player ever to win an NHL scoring title, as he'll go into the game in a four-way tie for the lead. Voracek, Islanders center John Tavares, Washington center Nicklas Backstrom and injured Chicago right wing Patrik Kane all had 64 points through Friday's games.
Here is everything that you need to know about how you can watch the game:
Matchup: New York Rangers at Flyers
When: Saturday, 8 p.m.
Where: Wells Fargo Center; Philadelphia
TV: NBC (Mike Emrick, Ed Olczyk and Pierre McGuire)
Radio: 97.5 FM the Fanatic (Tim Saunders, Steve Coates).
Here are the projected lineups:
FLYERS
Forward lines
12 Michael Raffl, 28 Claude Giroux, 17 Wayne Simmonds
24 Matt Read 14 Sean Couturier, 93 Jakub Voracek
25 Ryan White, 10 Brayden Schenn, 18 R.J. Umberger
76 Chris VandeVelde, 78 Pierre-Edouard Bellemare, 40 Vincent Lecavalier.
Defense pairs
55 Nick Schultz, 32 Mark Streit
8 Nicklas Grossmann, 5 Braydon Coburn
15 Michael Del Zotto, 22 Luke Schenn
Goaltender
35 Steve Mason
RANGERS
Forward lines
61 Rick Nash, 16-Derick Brassard, 36 Mats Zuccarello
20 Chris Kreider, 21 Derek Stepan, 26 Martin St. Louis
62 Carl Hagelin, 13 Kevin Hayes, 10 J.T. Miller
15 Tanner Glass, 28 Dominic Moore, 12 Lee Stempniak
Defense pairs
27 Ryan McDonagh, 5 Dan Girardi
18 Marc Staal, 8 Kevin Klein
17 John Moore, 22 Dan Boyle
Goaltender
33 Cam Talbot
Here are 5 stories you need to read before the opening faceoff:
1. Kimmo Timonen enjoyed long run with Flyers, but fired up about trade to Chicago Blackhawks
2. Flyers GM Ron Hextall gave Kimmo Timonen option to stay or go
3. Kimmo Timonen's comeback won't be with Flyers, who deal blueliner to Chicago Blackhawks
4. 49 shots and still lose? Flyers hadn't done that since Craig Berube scored only goal in 1991
5. Ex-ref Paul Stewart on Flyers great Eric Lindros' defamation suit: "The truth is always your shield"
Randy Miller may be reached at rmiller@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @RandyJMiller. Find NJ.com Philadelphia Sports on Facebook.
Image copyright AFP Image caption The heavy water plant at Arak is one of several Iranian facilities under the international spotlight
Iran has begun curbing uranium enrichment under a deal which will also see international sanctions eased, says the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the UN nuclear watchdog.
Earlier, centrifuges used for enrichment were disconnected at the Natanz plant, Iranian TV reported.
The move is part of a six-month nuclear deal reached with the US, Russia, China and European powers last November.
The US and the EU have now responded by lifting some sanctions on Iran.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Baroness Catherine Ashton: "It is an important first step"
The suspension of sanctions for six months clears the way for Iran to resume export of petrochemicals.
Measures affecting the trade in gold and other precious metals, as well as the car industry, will also be lifted.
US estimates suggest the relief could amount to some $7bn (£4bn).
The easing of EU sanctions is expected to come into effect by the end of Monday.
Analysis After 11 years of talking, both sides are taking action and this makes people very optimistic. Iranians are waiting to see what will happen after their government receives $4.2bn - out of $100bn - in the next six months. Economically it means nothing, but psychologically it calms the atmosphere, making people more certain about their future. At the long queue of a bakery in northern Tehran, people watched the most popular morning news bulletin on state TV - Sobh ba Khabar. Iran's head of Atomic Energy Agency Ali Akbar Salehi described how sanctions were going to be halted - even as Iran continued to enrich uranium of up to 5%. Interestingly enough, people are not bothered by Mr Salehi's technical language. The price of bread is still the same. Iranians hope for sanctions relief
However, most of the sanctions against Iran - which began in 2006 - will remain in force.
"This is an important day in our pursuit of ensuring that Iran has an exclusively peaceful nuclear programme," EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton told reporters in Brussels ahead of the EU foreign ministers' meeting.
But Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said the agreement would not stop Iran from "realising its intention to develop nuclear weapons".
At an extraordinary parliamentary session on Monday, they warned the deal was a "fast track" to the nuclear bomb.
The session was attended by Canada's visiting Prime Minister Stephen Harper who said their country would not lift sanctions against Iran.
'Melting'
"The sanctions iceberg against Iran is melting," the head of Iran's Atomic Energy Organisation, Ali Akbar Salehi, said earlier as they announced a halt to uranium enrichment at the Natanz plant.
The IAEA confirmed that, as of Monday, Iran had ceased enriching uranium above 5% purity at the Natanz and Fordo facilities, according to a confidential report by its inspectors obtained by the BBC.
Iran has also begun diluting its stockpile of uranium enriched to 20%, and agreed the details of how UN inspectors will have increased access to Natanz and Fordo, the report adds.
Iran nuclear deal - next steps 20 January - First day of implementation of interim nuclear deal. IAEA begins verifying Iranian compliance; P5+1 and EU suspend sanctions
- First day of implementation of interim nuclear deal. IAEA begins verifying Iranian compliance; P5+1 and EU suspend sanctions January/February - First meeting of joint commission formed by Iran, P5+1 and EU to monitor implementation and resolve concerns
- First meeting of joint commission formed by Iran, P5+1 and EU to monitor implementation and resolve concerns 19 April - Completion of dilution of Iran's 20% enriched uranium stockpile in hexafluoride form
- Completion of dilution of Iran's 20% enriched uranium stockpile in hexafluoride form 19 July - Expiry of six-month interim period for finding "comprehensive solution". If not renewed by mutual consent, P5+1 may increase sanctions
- Expiry of six-month interim period for finding "comprehensive solution". If not renewed by mutual consent, P5+1 may increase sanctions November - Iran and P5+1 aim to "conclude negotiating and commence implementing" the second step of any comprehensive solution Iran nuclear deal: Key points Iran press divided over Geneva deal
The nuclear deal is designed to prevent Iran from developing atomic weapons. Tehran denies trying to do so, saying its nuclear programme is solely for peaceful purposes.
The terms of November's deal were hammered out between Iran and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council - the US, Russia, China, Britain and France - plus Germany, in Geneva.
The agreement followed months of secret talks between Iranian and US officials.
It is designed to provide breathing space while a more permanent deal can be reached.
Sounding a note of caution, former IAEA deputy director Olli Heinonen said that if Iran decided to renege on the deal, it would only need two to three weeks to produce enough highly enriched uranium for a nuclear weapon.
MIT MUSEUM
On 17 October 1940, Karl Compton, president of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, made a hasty telephone call from Washington DC to a colleague back on campus. Could MIT spare some modest space to host an urgent, top-secret defence project? After making some quick assessments, Compton's assistant reported that MIT could shuffle some other laboratories to accommodate the facility. With that phone call, the Radiation Laboratory, or 'Rad Lab', was born. The laboratory had an enormous impact on the course of the Second World War. Arguably, its impact on science was even greater.
Within weeks of Compton's call, a skeleton staff at the Rad Lab was hard at work trying to improve on a British-designed cavity magnetron, which they hoped could become the centrepiece of a type of short-wavelength radar. When the laboratory began operation — more than a year before the United States entered the Second World War — the staff consisted of 20 physicists, three security guards, two stockroom clerks and a secretary. By the war's end, the lab had swollen to 4,000 people and was managing development contracts worth US$1.5 billion (nearly $20 billion in 2013 dollars)1.
The Allied nuclear-weapons project, code-named the Manhattan Project, grew even faster. Again building on early insights from a British team, the Manhattan Project, coordinated from the Los Alamos laboratory in New Mexico, ballooned to encompass 125,000 people working at 31 facilities across North America. By the time the atomic bombs were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in August 1945, the project had cost $1.9 billion (about $25 billion today)2. Together, the radar and atomic-bomb projects amounted to about 1% of US military expenditure during the war: modest on the scale of defence appropriations, but utterly unprecedented for the academic scientists and engineers caught up in the war projects.
And it was more than just the budgets that grew. In both projects, physicists, chemists, metallurgists and their colleagues found themselves working in huge groups with larger-than-life equipment. Isotope-separation plants in Oak Ridge, Tennessee, stretched the length of a city block; the nuclear-reactor facilities in Hanford, Washington, required more than half a billion cubic metres of concrete.
After the war, many physicists dismissed their work on such sprawling wartime projects as temporary distractions: an important but limited hiatus from their 'real' scientific research. One Rad Lab veteran even composed a song soon after the war closing with the memorable line, “Oh, dammit! Engineering isn't physics, is that plain? Take, oh take, your billion dollars, let's be physicists again”.3
Despite the songwriter's plea, scientists did not return to the antebellum status quo. Instead, many characteristics of the wartime projects became the new normal, even in peacetime. The war cast a long shadow on how science is organized and funded, and even on the methods and questions that many scientists pursued throughout their careers.
Common purpose
Until the war, most scientific research in the United States had been supported by private foundations, local industries and undergraduate tuition fees. After the war, scientists experienced a continuity — even an expansion — of the wartime funding model. Almost all support for basic, unclassified research (as well as for mission-oriented defence projects) came from the federal government.
In 1949, 96% of all funding for basic research in the physical sciences in the United States came from defence-oriented federal agencies, including the Department of Defense and the then-new Atomic Energy Commission, successor to the Manhattan Project. In 1954 — four years after the establishment of the civilian US National Science Foundation — 98% of funding for basic research in the physical sciences came from federal defence agencies. And the scale of funding was unlike anything before the war. By 1953, funding for basic research in the United States had leapt to 25 times what it had been in 1938 (in constant dollars, adjusting for inflation)4. The fire hose of federal spending paid for all kinds of interesting research.
MIT MUSEUM
Much of the work was conducted in institutions modelled on wartime examples. Defence projects during the war had thrown together experts from many different fields of science and engineering to work towards common objectives, rather than grouping specialists by disciplines. The enormous time pressures and shared goals of war work forced scientists and engineers to craft effective means of communicating with each other. Mathematical rigour and abstruse theoretical derivations were worth little if colleagues from other specialities could not build on the results.
Veterans of the intense, multidisciplinary wartime projects came to speak of a new type of scientist. They touted the war-forged 'radar philosophy' and the quintessential 'Los Alamos man': a pragmatist who could collaborate with everyone from ballistics experts to metallurgists, and who had a gut feeling for the relevant phenomena without getting lost in philosophical niceties5.
Leading scientists and policy-makers actively sought to continue the wartime spirit of collaboration across disciplines. The Atomic Energy Commission oversaw a new network of national laboratories to pursue both civilian and defence research. The labs featured interdisciplinary teams that mixed physicists, mathematicians and chemists with engineers of many stripes6. A similar set-up appeared across dozens of US universities: facilities straddling several academic departments, such as the Research Laboratory for Electronics and the Laboratory for Nuclear Science and Engineering, both founded at MIT by the end of 1945 (ref. 7).
The facilities hummed with surplus equipment and know-how culled from the wartime projects. Physicist Bruno Rossi, for one, studied cosmic rays after the war by adapting the sensitive timing circuits they had built at Los Alamos to measure nuclear-fission rates5.
Similarly, just months after the end of hostilities, self-described 'boffins' who had spent the war working on radar turned their attention to the impossibly small and the cosmically large. Some began to build radio telescopes and aimed them at the heavens. An international community coalesced, linking the Jodrell Bank telescopes near Manchester, UK, and the Parkes telescope in New South Wales, Australia, to similar instruments dotted across North America — from the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena to the National Radio Astronomy Observatory in Green Bank, West Virginia8. And in 1947, using repurposed microwave-frequency electronics left over from their wartime radar work, physicist Willis Lamb of Columbia University in New York measured a tiny shift — of about one part in a million — in the energy levels of an electron in the 2s and 2p orbitals of a hydrogen atom. Lamb's remarkable achievement challenged physicists' prevailing understanding of the vacuum — the mysterious state of lowest-possible energy9.
AP
One of the first to hear about the Lamb shift was physicist Julian Schwinger, who before the war had been a rising star in quantum theory. Like so many physicists at the Rad Lab, Schwinger had been forced to rethink their approach to calculation. Elegant derivations from first principles — which often proved tractable only when applied to idealized situations — were of little value to the many colleagues who needed to fine-tune electronics components for maximum efficiency. Instead, as Schwinger themselves later recalled, they internalized from the engineers a modular, 'effective circuit' approach. Rather than calculate the total electrical resistance of a complicated component from the lofty heights of Maxwell's equations, they could 'blackbox' each component, substituting its overall resistance as determined from measurements of inputs and outputs. The niceties of how current flowed between constituent parts of a given component mattered much less to the main objective — improving radar designs — than did the effect of that component in a given circuit5, 9.
Schwinger approached the Lamb shift with their Rad Lab lessons still fresh. Since the 1930s, senior theorists had tried to calculate the effects of subtle quantum fluctuations from first principles. Maddeningly, their equations always broke down, producing unphysical infinities instead of finite answers. Schwinger rearranged their equations in terms of measurable inputs and outputs, just as their engineering colleagues at the Rad Lab had done with real-world electronics. By recasting the calculation, Schwinger managed to calculate the effects of quantum fluctuations on the electron's energy levels and obtain an answer that matched Lamb's measurement to an extraordinary precision. As it turned out, Japanese physicist Sin-Itiro Tomonaga had accomplished the same goal a few years earlier. Tomonaga's work on radar during the war had proven similarly essential to their theoretical approach5, 9.
Philosophy returns
This war-forged pragmatism produced enormously impressive research and influenced a generation of leading scientists. Their approach to basic research — and the institutions in which they pursued it — assumed an aura of inevitability. But the approach came with some trade-offs, largely unnoticed at the time. Important questions that resisted the powerful, phenomenological methods tended to get eclipsed. Anything that smacked of 'interpretation', or worse, 'philosophy', began to carry a taint for many scientists who had come through the wartime projects. Conceptual scrutiny of foundations struck many as a luxury. The wartime style was reinforced in the United States by exponentially rising university enrolments after the war. The new classroom realities left little space for informal discussion of philosophy or foundations. The Rad Lab rallying cry of “Get the numbers out” shaded into “Shut up and calculate!”10
“This war-forged pragmatism produced enormously impressive research.”
By the mid-1960s, three-quarters of each year's crop of physics PhD graduates in the United States specialized in either nuclear physics or solid-state physics: two important and interesting areas, to be sure, but also those most readily funded by defence agencies (even for unclassified, basic research). They were also areas in which most physicists came to agree that a pragmatic style could yield the greatest success. During this period, for example, physicists first understood the nuclear force that causes radioactivity, and conquered strange phenomena such as superconductivity — both Nobel-prizewinning achievements.
Openly philosophical areas of physics, the intellectual roots of which stretched back before the war, became increasingly marginalized, such as grand questions about the birth and fate of the Universe, the thin border between order and disorder in chaotic systems, or the subtle foundations of quantum theory. Sometimes these were denigrated as not even being 'real physics' by influential physicists in the United States, although research in these areas advanced in other parts of the world10.
A quarter of a century after the end of the Second World War, cracks in the system began to show. The escalation of fighting in Vietnam made many people question the dominant place of military funding on university campuses, and difficult economic conditions further drove a rapid reversal of fortunes in the sciences, and in physics in particular. Job opportunities for those with science PhDs fell sharply, and university enrolments quickly followed suit, none more drastically than in physics.
The organization, funding and basic approach to research that had come to seem normal — even inevitable — after the war were no longer taken for granted. Complementary styles of research began to creep back in, and growing numbers of physicists turned to topics that had seemed beyond the pale just a few years earlier, such as cosmology, chaos theory and quantum entanglement10.
Radar philosophy and the Los Alamos man did not disappear from view. To this day, most basic research in the United States depends on federal funding, and many of the great successes of the postwar generation — such as the standard model of particle physics — remain mainstays of research and teaching. But that legacy now sits beside more recent breakthroughs born of the era that reclaimed more openly speculative and philosophical approaches to the deep mysteries of nature.
Your browser does not support HTML5 video tag.Click here to view original GIF
Unlike many of today's workers, priests probably thought their jobs were safe from automation. Well, they thought wrong. In Wittenberg, Germany, one church has taken to automating spiritual guidance, creating a new robot, called the Bless U-2, that offers robotic benedictions to its fleshy parishioners.
The “segensroboter,” meaning “blessing robot” has a touchscreen chest and a preprogrammed “blessing movement.” When activated, the robot lights up and raises its arms, saying “God bless and protect you” in either a male or female voice. The blessing is available in German, Polish, Spanish, French, or English.
Advertisement
BlessU-2 is part of an exhibit celebrating the 500th anniversary of the Protestant Reformation, beginning when Martin Luther nailed their 95 theses to the door of a Wittenberg church in 1517, inciting enormous changes to the religious and political landscape of Europe. The robot isn't meant to replace human priests, its creators say, but spark debate about the role technology may play in religion.
“We don't want to robotise our church work, but see if we can bring a theological perspective to a machine,” Stephan Krebs of the Protestant church in Hesse and Nassau told The Guardian.
At this point, BlessU-2 is more of a novelty than a symbol of divinity—and who knows what it'd start proselytizing if hackers ever got their hands on it—but if religion and technology continue to intertwine, people should start getting comfortable. Besides, if parishioners find spiritual peace, does it matter if the minister is a robot or a human? In the immortal words of Futurama's Preacherbot: “Wretched sinner unit! The path to robot heaven lies here... in the Good Book 3.0.”
Advertisement
[The Guardian]
Coming in February 2016, a brand-new series of horror readings performed by Dan Starkey...
Creeping out after our announcement of Dracula, Big Finish is pleased to be able to confirm details of a brand-new range of audiobook readings for 2016. Carnacki: The Ghost-Finder brings to life the cases of the supernatural detective, created by writer William Hope Hodgson in 1910.
‘The Carnacki stories are fantastic,' says producer Scott Handcock, ‘and Hodgson's writing is so wonderfully rich and evocative, it made sense for us to bring them to life in a series of equally fantastic readings. The first six tales especially are incredibly atmospheric - a cross between Conan Doyle and MR James - as Carnacki finds themselves investigating supernatural happenings in the early twentieth century.'
The classic tales will be performed by Dan Starkey (Doctor Who's Strax the Sontaran) as Thomas Carnacki with support from Joseph Kloska as their associate Dodgson. The range is directed and produced by Scott Handcock, whose previous work for Big Finish includes The Confessions of Dorian Gray and Frankenstein: The Modern Prometheus.
‘Strangely, I was working with Dan in Cardiff when I happened to mention I'd be tackling the Carnacki stories,' continues Scott, ‘and they immediately started gushing about the character and the stories, so it was a delight when they agreed to bring Carnacki to life on audio. The language and writing is so rich, it's great to let Dan's performance take centre-stage, coupled with a lovely score from Ioan Morris and Rhys Downing.'
Carnacki: The Ghost-Finder collects together six of William Hope Hodgson's original stories:
The Gateway of the Monster
The House Among the Laurels
The Whistling Room
The Horse of the Invisible
The Searcher of the End House
The Thing Invisible
All six stories will be included as part of a single volume which can be pre-ordered today for £18 on download ahead of its release in February 2016. (Please note that this release is download-only).
For more terrifying tales from Big Finish, make sure to check out our range of Boo Finish Offers this weekend, featuring shockingly good deals on our most chilling releases. Offers must end Noon Monday 2nd of November, so order now!
Dubai airport has a drone problem and it's deploying a 'hunter' to fix it.
The airport, the third busiest in the world, has already been forced to shut three times this year because of unauthorized drone activity, creating a headache for airlines and their passengers.
During the most recent closure, which lasted for 90 minutes on Oct. 29, 22 flights had to be diverted to other airports. Each shutdown costs the airport about $1 million a minute.
Dubai's Civil Aviation Authority has responded by testing a 'drone hunter' -- a remote-controlled aircraft that uses thermal and infrared imaging to detect drones that are in danger of straying into the airport's space.
If the trial deployments prove successful, if you could be in use routinely by the end of the year.
"It's a few people that engage in this kind of activity. People want to explore how far their drone can go without realizing they are violating the airspace," said Salim Al Mansouri, senior aerodrome inspector at the civil aviation authority.
"It's a safety issue and people are losing money because of one person's irresponsible behavior," they said.
Related: Forget your old alarm system. This drone will protect your house
Here's how the 'drone hunter' works: Once it has locked onto a rogue drone, the aircraft follows it back to its owner and sends the coordinates to Dubai police, who then take over.
In the Netherlands, authorities have taken a lower-tech approach to tracking drones. Bald eagles have been trained to swoop in and neatly dispose of any electronic interlopers.
Opinion: Tragic drone strike with plane 'inevitable'
As more and more drones take to the skies, they are causing ever greater concern for airline safety.
In April, a suspected drone slammed into a plane as it approached London's Heathrow airport.
The Airbus A320 landed safely but authorities worry that careless drone use will eventually lead to a catastrophe.
Related: Meet the man who spent $9 million on a license plate
The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration says reports of near misses with drones and airplanes have increased dramatically since 2014. In the five months ending January 31, there were 583 such incidents..
They have since introduced new rules for drone users to bring that number down.
25/01/2017, 17h09
Projeto de lei proveniente da Câmara dos Deputados que prevê o fim da prisão disciplinar para policiais e bombeiros militares está pronto para ser votado pelo Plenário do Senado. O PLC 148/2015 é de autoria do deputado Subtenente Gonzaga (PDT-MG). Ele altera a Lei de Reorganização da Polícia Militar e do Corpo de Bombeiros Militar, para estabelecer que essas corporações serão regidas por Código de Ética e Disciplina, aprovado por lei estadual, e proíbe a prisão administrativa. Em 2016 a proposta foi debatida em audiência pública e aprovada pela Comissão de Constituição, Justiça e Cidadania do Senado (CCJ). O relator do projeto, senador Acir Gurgacz (PDT-RO), explica que a intenção do projeto é garantir que os militares sejam punidos apenas por delitos graves. A reportagem é de Gustavo Azevedo, da Rádio Senado.
SEATTLE (AP) — A group of strippers sued Pierce County on Tuesday, saying they don't want officials to release their business licenses — and their real identities — under a public records request.
The complaint was filed by two Jane Does in U.S. District Court in Tacoma on Tuesday on behalf of about 70 dancers and managers at a strip club called Dreamgirls at Fox's, as well as any former dancers. It says the Pierce County Auditor's Office has received a public records request from a man wanting copies of adult entertainment licenses on file for the establishment.
Gilbert H. Levy, an attorney for the dancers, acknowledged that the information can be released under the state Public Records Act, but they say the entertainers have free-speech, privacy and safety interests in keeping the licenses and their true identities confidential.
“It's a unique occupation and it's a controversial occupation,” Levy said. “Some people like nude dancers, and other people for religious or for other philosophical reasons don't. There's some stigma attached to the occupation, and most dancers for personal privacy reasons and safety reasons, don't want the customers to know who they are outside of the club.”
Pierce County Auditor Julie Anderson said they had not seen the lawsuit, but that absent a court order, their office planned to release the information to the requester next week.
“It's not our job and should not be our role to interpret what the requester's intentions might be,” Anderson said.
The man who requested the licenses, David A. Van Vleet, was out of state Tuesday and could not immediately be reached for comment, their father told The Associated Press.
Anderson said that after determining the licenses were public under state law, their office notified the license-holders that the information was about to be released, which prompted the lawsuit.
Most cities and counties in the state require special licenses for dancers and managers at strip clubs, Levy said.
___
Follow Johnson at https://twitter.com/GeneAPseattle
by BRIAN NADIG
Six new police officers are being assigned to the 16th (Jefferson Park) Police District this month in an effort to help address the personnel shortage in the district.
Earlier this year Chicago police superintendent Eddie Johnson pledged to assign more officers to the district, which has about 190 officers compared to 270 in the early 2000s.
Even with the additional officers, the district reportedly has fewer officers than at the start of 2016 due to retirement and other attrition.
“He came through on their promise,” district commander William Looney said at they July 21 meeting of the 16th District Advisory Committee. “I was able to put them on midnights and put three more seasoned officers on tactical. That's a step in the right direction.”
Assigning more officers to the tactical unit will help the district to focus on combating robberies of burglaries, Looney said. In the past four weeks, the reported number of robberies in the district was 15 compared to nine over the same period last year, and the number of burglaries was 48 compared to 31 during the same period in 2015.
It also was reported that the number of motor vehicle thefts in the district was 39 during the past four weeks compared to 45 during the same period last year and that that number of people arrested in connection with vehicle thefts was 11 in the past four weeks compared to two during the same period last year.
Looney said that the some of the arrests occurred during seatbelt and other traffic missions which the district was conducting.
Also at the meeting, Looney said that the police department has suspended all outdoor roll calls due to concerns about officer safety following the killing of five officers in Dallas. Earlier this year the department mandated that each district hold weekly outdoor roll calls to help improve the relationship between police and residents.
Looney said that the district's outdoor roll calls had been well-received and that about 300 people recently attended a prayer vigil in front of the district station, 5151 N. Milwaukee Ave., in memory of the slain Dallas officers. “In this area the police and community are working together,” they said.
Also due to safety concerns, the department recently ordered districts to stop using patrol cars with only one officer. The requirement of two officers per car reportedly has led to fewer beat cars on patrol during some shifts.
It also was reported that two men were arrested in connection with an attempted burglary of a Ford pickup truck at about 3:40 a.m. Monday, June 6, in the 5200 block of West Berenice Avenue.
An officer reported seeing one of the suspects attempting to gain entry to the vehicle, while the other suspect waited in another vehicle in the middle of the street, according to police. The suspects were arrested a short time later, and one of them allegedly possessed about 3 grams of suspected heroin, police said.
One of the suspects, who was identified by police as Ricardo D. Smith, age 53, of the 1600 block of West Ogden Avenue, was charged with attempted burglary, theft of lost or mislaid property and possession of burglary tools, police said. The other suspect, who was identified by police as Dexter Collier, age 47, of the 8000 block of South Euclid Avenue, was charged with possession of a controlled substance and theft of lost or mislaid property, police said.
In other news, the committee honored officers David Mullany and Nicholas Hertko and sergeant Patrick Haran for their May 1 arrest of a driver who reportedly possessed a loaded handgun and a passenger who reportedly possessed Xanax without a prescription during an incident in the 4800 block of West Irving Park Road.
The district will hold its annual “National Night Out” celebration from 5 to 9 p.m. Tuesday, Aug. 2, at Norwood Park, 5801 N. Natoma Ave. A Chicago police canine unit, a mounted unit, a crime lab display, a police helicopter, live music and a classic car show are scheduled.
Daily Hacker News for 2019-02-26
The 10 highest-rated articles on Hacker News on February 26, 2019 which have not appeared on any previous Hacker News Daily are:
Hacker News Daily is sponsored by Triplebyte . Beat Triplebyte's online coding quiz. Get multiple job offers fast. Skip resumes & recruiters.
Daily Hacker News for 2019-02-25
The 10 highest-rated articles on Hacker News on February 25, 2019 which have not appeared on any previous Hacker News Daily are:
Hacker News Daily is sponsored by Triplebyte . Beat Triplebyte's online coding quiz. Get multiple job offers fast. Skip resumes & recruiters.
Daily Hacker News for 2019-02-24
The 10 highest-rated articles on Hacker News on February 24, 2019 which have not appeared on any previous Hacker News Daily are:
Hacker News Daily is sponsored by Triplebyte . Beat Triplebyte's online coding quiz. Get multiple job offers fast. Skip resumes & recruiters.
Daily Hacker News for 2019-02-23
The 10 highest-rated articles on Hacker News on February 23, 2019 which have not appeared on any previous Hacker News Daily are:
Hacker News Daily is sponsored by Triplebyte . Beat Triplebyte's online coding quiz. Get multiple job offers fast. Skip resumes & recruiters.
Daily Hacker News for 2019-02-22
The 10 highest-rated articles on Hacker News on February 22, 2019 which have not appeared on any previous Hacker News Daily are:
Reddit has taken over the front page of Digg. If Kevin Rose and the rest of the Digg team thought that a long weekend would be enough to calm the furor over the latest changes to the popular site, they were clearly mistaken. Not only did Digg's users declare today “quit Digg day,” but in order to protest Digg's new auto-submission system, users are now upvoting every Reddit story on the site. These stories are being submitted to Digg by Reddit itself through the new auto-submission system that is a core part of Digg v4.
A sample of current Digg comments:
Digg is dead long live Reddit
AWESOME! MORE REDDIT ARTICLES IN TOP NEWS! Kevin, why don't you just redirect the whole site to Reddit?
Suicide is an understatement. Digg committed DIGGICIDE! Long live reddit.
It's not unusual for a site to experience a significant user backlash after a major redesign. By announcing the redesign during the big Digg party at SXSW in Austin earlier this year, the company tried to soften the blow. Over the last few weeks, Digg also opened up the beta version of the new site to a very large number of testers. By the time the site finally went live for everybody last week, though, the backlash was almost immediate.
When we talked to Digg's then-CEO Jay Adelson at SXSW, they noted that Digg was quite aware that some of its users would not be too happy with the new submission system. Not only does this new system take away power from Digg's most active users, but in the eyes of many of them, it also currently favors big publishers like the BBC, Engadget, Wired and College Humor. Digg invited a number of well-known publishers (including ReadWriteWeb and most of our direct competitors) to submit their feeds early on during the beta test.
For years now, Digg's unofficial etiquette stated that users should never submit their own content. The new submission system, however, now encourages publishers to submit their own stories and many are doing so. The fact that a link to Leo Laporte's Google Buzz stream appeared on the Digg front page earlier this weekend was apparently the last straw for many.
More of Our Coverage of the New Digg
It remains to be seen what the Digg team can do to turn things around. While many users are unhappy about the site simply not working properly, the main reasons for the current backlash involve the fundamentals of the Digg v4 redesign. For now, the one site that is definitely profiting from Digg's troubles is Reddit.
Image used courtesy of Media Caffeine.
Follow ReadWriteWeb on Digg
The Frankfurt residence of the Iranian consul general is a yellow villa in the posh neighborhood of Sachsenhausen, with artificial turf in front of the entrance and Persian carpets in the corridors and rooms. There are bowls of pistachios and figs on the table in the reception room, and the walls are adorned with pictures of Iran's late revolutionary leader Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini and their successor, Ali Khamenei.
For a few hours last Thursday, this building served as the headquarters for Iranian Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi, 63, who had arrived from New York at noon and had a layover in Frankfurt on their return trip to Tehran. Salehi had just attended the United Nations General Assembly and subsequently met with their counterparts from Egypt, Turkey and Saudi Arabia to talk about the escalation in the Middle East. These four nations form the so-called Syria quartet, which is endeavoring to end the civil war in the country. Salehi is one of the few Iranian top politicians who are familiar with both the West and the East. They studied at the American University of Beirut and received a PhD in engineering from MIT in 1977. In 2009, they became the head of Iran's nuclear program. Now, they are also Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's representative abroad.
One day before the interview, Syrian troops fired mortars on a Turkish border town, killing five people, and on Friday another mortar round flew over the border. At least 34 Syrian soldiers are believed to have died from Turkish retaliatory attacks. Turkey is a member of NATO while Syria is an ally of Iran. Salehi has assumed a key role in the conflict.
SPIEGEL: Mr. Foreign Minister, it is beginning to look as though a war could break out on NATO's border with Syria. How dangerous is the situation in the region?
Salehi: In the name of God, the compassionate and the merciful, we have to prevent catastrophes. I call on both sides to exercise restraint. In Syria, thousands are fighting against the government of Bashar al-Assad, and they are armed with state-of-the-art weaponry. If Turkey were to massively retaliate sometime in the coming weeks or months, they would have no objections. They want to render peace initiatives impossible. They are seeking an escalation.
SPIEGEL: Are you referring to the armed Syrian opposition? Or to terrorists from the international al-Qaida network?
Salehi: I don't intend to associate the perpetrators of violence with a specific country or a specific organization. But one thing is certain: Military forces infiltrating Syria are seeking to internationalize the conflict. If the region goes up in flames, then they have achieved their objective.
SPIEGEL: Yet it appears to have been the Syrian military that fired across the border, not the rebels or the perpetrators of violence that you are referring to. Do you condemn Turkey's retaliatory attacks?
Salehi: Every country has the right to protect itself if it is attacked. When the Syrians shot down a Turkish fighter jet in June, though, Ankara refrained from launching a counterattack. At the time, I expressed my recognition of this to Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan -- it was statesmanlike and wise. Now, a sense of proportionality must be retained, or we will fall into the trap of the extremists.
SPIEGEL: Since Turkey is a member of NATO, the organization is standing by its side and condemning the incident as an "aggressive act."
Salehi: It would not be appropriate for me to give advice to the Western military alliance. But NATO cannot afford to make a mistake and worsen the situation.
SPIEGEL: Such as the establishment of a buffer zone in northern Syria and a no-fly zone for Assad's air force?
Salehi: By doing so, the West would react just as wrongly as it did in 2011 in Libya. This was an improper interference in the internal affairs of a sovereign state ...
SPIEGEL: ... but it probably prevented a massacre in Benghazi and helped an entire people free itself from a dictator.
Salehi: We should proceed according to the rules of international law. Syria is in the midst of a crisis; four or five of its 14 provinces are facing difficulties. Bashar al-Assad's government largely has the situation under control.
SPIEGEL: You are downplaying the actions of a regime that is shelling its own people -- the civil war has already claimed the lives of 30,000 people.
Salehi: What is happening in Syria is tragic, and its not just government troops that are responsible. Assad poses no threat to the region, or to world peace, for that matter. We are not uncritical of him; the government has made mistakes. Originally there were only calls for more democracy and changes. But then the movement began to be increasingly controlled from abroad.
SPIEGEL: Are you thinking of the US and Israel? Or Qatar and Saudi Arabia, which are arming the resistance and are now calling for an Arab intervention force?
Salehi: Whatever the case, we are dealing with an external push for regime change. Our experiences in Iraq show that some powers are willing to resort to any means and any manipulation. In order to legitimize their war against Baghdad, the US accused Saddam Hussein of producing weapons of mass destruction. Something similar cannot be allowed to happen with Assad.
SPIEGEL: There are hardly any high-ranking international politicians who can still reach Assad. You spoke with the Syrian president over two weeks ago in Damascus, and it was a long and intensive discussion.
Salehi: I had just come from a meeting of our Syria group in Cairo, and I presented to the president what the four of us expect of him: reforms, concessions and sincere changes. They agreed with me and pointed out that they have already begun to introduce these changes. They said that they wanted to work together with a constructive opposition and cooperate with the United Nations.
SPIEGEL: And you actually believe him?
Salehi: In Damascus I met a president who is perfectly aware of the critical situation. They didn't seem to be out of touch, but rather self-confident and combative. The president appeared confident that they could win the conflict in Syria militarily.
SPIEGEL: Every day, there are new attacks. The opposition can now attack even key institutions such as the state television and the headquarters of the intelligence agency. The city of Aleppo, a major financial and commercial center, is in flames.
Salehi: The president is realistic. They do not believe that Syria can be pacified from one day to the next. They assume that, like in Iraq, there will continue to be additional trouble spots and pockets of opposition.
SPIEGEL: With the exception of Iran, and perhaps Russia and China, practically every government in the world is urging Assad to resign.
Salehi: The president appeared to be open to any inner-Syrian solution, but they categorically rejected a resignation forced from the outside. Which is why they reject the idea of seeking asylum elsewhere.
SPIEGEL: Egyptian President Mohammed Morsi is demanding that Tehran rethink its position. According to information from Western intelligence agencies, however, your government is continuing to send arms to Damascus and is supporting the regime with military advisers and even elite Revolutionary Guard forces.
Salehi: That is absurd. Syria has an army of 500,000 men; they don't need any forces from us. But of course we sold weapons to Damascus -- before the crisis. It is perfectly normal for us to send military advisers in this context: Every state sends such experts to allied governments. The international sanctions against Iran have forced us to build our own defense industry, which has been highly successful in selling its products. These are perfectly legal deals. We are not doing this any differently than the Germans.
SPIEGEL: Where, in your opinion, is the red line that Assad cannot be allowed to cross? Would it be the use of chemical weapons against the opposition?
Salehi: Any government that uses weapons of mass destruction against its own people has lost its legitimacy. This applies to Syria, and it also applies to us.
SPIEGEL: Another foreign power has just drawn a red line for your government. Speaking before the UN General Assembly, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu held up a chart intended to illustrate when Iran will have enough enriched uranium to build a nuclear bomb -- and used this to argue that your country should be attacked.
Salehi: The presentation was bizarre; I found it childish to hold up a caricature of a bomb. If the Israelis had wanted to attack us, and if they could have done so, they would have done so long ago. In 1981, they destroyed an Iraqi reactor without warning. But they have been threatening us for years, on every occasion and publicly. They know what would happen if they attacked. We don't want war, but we will defend ourselves. Aggressors will pay a high price.
SPIEGEL: The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna has pages of evidence pointing toward the "possible military dimension" of your nuclear program.
Salehi: We insist on our right to enrich uranium for the peaceful use of nuclear energy. There is no proof that we are pursuing nuclear research for military purposes.
SPIEGEL: For months now, you have refused to give the IAEA access to the military complex at Parchin.
Salehi: We have to differentiate between two things here: First, we have our obligations under the non-proliferation treaty, which we are fulfilling ...
SPIEGEL: ... so you say ...
Salehi: ... second, there are demands that go beyond this, and that we are not obliged to meet, such as those relating to a military complex like Parchin.
SPIEGEL: The inspectors suspect that scientists there have secretly tested nuclear warheads, and Iran is now attempting to erase all traces of them.
Salehi: That is ridiculous. Nuclear research leaves fingerprints that can never be totally eliminated. I do not want to rule out that we may find a way to open Parchin -- on a voluntary basis, as we have done on other occasions in the past.
SPIEGEL: Concessions in the nuclear talks are urgently expected of you. Among diplomats, there is little optimism that the conflict over your disputed nuclear program can still be resolved peacefully.
Salehi: I am more optimistic here. If our right to enrichment is recognized, we are prepared to offer an exchange. We would voluntarily limit the extent of our enrichment program, but in return we would need a guaranteed supply of the relevant fuels from abroad.
SPIEGEL: Many Western politicians believe that you are just playing for time. After four rounds of UN sanctions, the European Union now intends to toughen its sanctions against Iran on Oct. 15.
Salehi: Not a big deal. The sanctions create inconveniences. For over 30 years now, we have been living with boycott measures that ultimately make us independent and strong.
SPIEGEL: Really? Last year alone, your currency lost over two-thirds of its value against the dollar. The official inflation rate is 25 percent. In Tehran, discontented retailers recently demonstrated and shouted: "Down with the government!"
Salehi: Iranian society is used to living with hardships -- perhaps more so than people in Spain and Greece. We can count on the patience of our people. What about you in Europe?
SPIEGEL: Mr. Foreign Minister, thank you for this interview.
Best Answer: Actually there are roads connecting Alaska and Canada; the main Alaska Highway route runs from NE British Columbia up through the Yukon into the Alaskan interior and then turns SW towards Anchorage. You wouldn't be able to drive from Alaska to Russia, though. They're separated by the Bering Strait, which is about 50 miles across. You'd have to charter a private boat or plane to take you across the water to Vladivostok (there are no direct commercial boats or flights between Vladivostok and Alaska, in either direction; a lot of people choose to fly to Japan and then take a ferry across). And then once you're in Russia, you're looking at a very long trip across Siberia. There is only one road that connects Vladivostok to European Russia, which is about a 6,000 mile drive (or the equivalent of driving from New York to LA and then turning around and driving back to NY again), and apparently even that road isn't paved in some places, so that you need to budget at least a month to make the drive (there's a reason why most people who need to go across opt for the Trans-Siberian railway!).
So the most basic answer to your question is, a road trip from Canada to Morocco can certainly be done, but it's not nearly as simple as packing your suitcase and hopping in the car. You'd need to do a lot of research and preparation, planning your route and making arrangements in advance where necessary, and you'd definitely need a car that's rugged enough to survive the trip! And then if you're working you'd also need permission to take two or three months off. But hey, if you want to go and you think you can put it all together, then I say go for it! I think it would be a really cool trip!
Source(s):
A discussion about driving across Siberia:
Advice on driving Siberia from the All-Russia Travel Service: Driving the Alaska Highway: http://www.outwestnewspaper.com/akhwy.ht... A discussion about driving across Siberia: http://www.tripadvisor.com/ShowTopic-g29... Advice on driving Siberia from the All-Russia Travel Service: http://www.rusrailtravel.ru/about/news/i...
joby27 · 1 decade ago
6 Thumbs up 0 Thumbs down Report Abuse
President Rodrigo Duterte would have been a fool if they did not utilize Facebook as a campaign tool in the 2016 presidential elections, a Palace official said on Friday.
This was in response to MSNBC's report on how fake news spread through the online platform played a huge role in the Chief Executive's successful election campaign.
ADVERTISEMENT
Presidential Spokesperson Harry Roque said on Wednesday that Duterte, unlike their rivals in 2016, was the “best candidate” who made good use of Facebook.
“It would have been foolhardy for any political candidate not to tap Facebook as (a) campaign tool. All candidates did so, unfortunately for their detractors, President Duterte had been the best candidate to have utilized Facebook the most,” Roque said in an audio statement.
“Again, the internet is the physical manifestation of free marketplace of ideas, and it should be made to flourish. As freedom of expression is responsible for freedom of thought and public opinion which we know will fiscalize governments,” they added.
In a 10-minute segment aired Wednesday, MSNBC's The Beat news anchor Ari Melber reported that Facebook had flown into the Philippines three of its employees who spent a week holding training sessions with candidates' campaign team, including Duterte's.
“But giving tips to a few campaigns in a constitutional democracy can be different in giving tips to this authoritarian, Duterte. And Facebook learned that quickly,” Melber said.
“In fact, after their team got that Facebook briefing, their allies went into overdrive pushing fake news and accounts, along with their wider campaigns. And that brings us back—guess who—well, it's the Pope,” they added.
Melber cited the widely-shared fake news on March 22, 2016 about Pope Francis endorsing Duterte—a similar story that made rounds online in the United States with the Pope endorsing then-presidential candidate Donald Trump just before their polls in November last year.
“And this is basically a kind of sign that if you get a Pope endorsement, you are the fake news candidate,” they emphasized.
Roque, however, dismissed the report, saying there is no such policy to spread fake news—and if there is, the President would not have had fallen victim to made-up stories.
ADVERTISEMENT
“Wala talagang polisiya na magpakalat ng fake news. Unang-una, ang administrasyon mismo biktima ng fake news, sinasabi nila na si Presidente daw ang nagpapautos nitong mga patayan na ito,” they said in a separate interview, apparently referring to the mounting death toll in the government's crackdown against illegal drugs.
(There is no policy of fake news. In the first place, the administration itself is a victim of fake news. They say that the President ordered these killings.) /jpv
RELATED STORY
Facebook tags several fake news items from PH
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Are the Irish lamentably bad at learning foreign languages? Senator Ronan Mullen has been castigating Education Minister Ruairi Quinn for failing to promote more language skills in Irish schools and colleges. The Senator says that there is a "serious lack of language skills in the Irish workforce".
Are the Irish lamentably bad at learning foreign languages? Senator Ronan Mullen has been castigating Education Minister Ruairi Quinn for failing to promote more language skills in Irish schools and colleges. The Senator says that there is a "serious lack of language skills in the Irish workforce".
It's not that we're bad at languages, it's that we suffer from speaking English
They claim that when an international employer was recruiting staff in Ireland, they had to bring in 500 employees from overseas to fill job vacancies because the Irish workforce just didn't have the necessary language skills.
If this is the case, how can we improve matters? I consulted an award-winning linguist and translator for some tips on language-learning skills.
Eyvor Fogarty is a Scotswoman who is the Chairman of the International Federation of Translators, and holder of a Pushkin Gold Medal for translation.  They are an expert in Russian and Hungarian – a notoriously difficult language – and also speaks French, some Polish and is acquiring German.
Eyvor doesn't think the British and Irish are necessarily bad at languages. "It's just we suffer from speaking English," they say. "Maybe we're too polite about it. When we address someone in a foreign language, they often answer in English because they want to practice their English. Instead, we should persist in our broken French, German or Spanish."
English, they say, is a "tolerant language" – people can stumble through it and make themselves understood.
Other languages have a higher threshold for correct speaking and understanding – what with masculine and feminine genders, adjectives which have to agree with the noun, and declensions according to nominative, accusative, genitive, etc (Declensions make Irish a difficult language to speak well in my experience. When do you say "An Uachtaran" and when "An t-Uachtaran"? It depends on the grammatical case. Whereas in English the word President never alters).
Thus Anglophones – native English speakers, of whom there are now 1.2 billion world-wide – tend to feel discouraged about attempting to speak other languages. But trying is what we should do!
If there is a fall in language skills among English-speakers, it is partly down to the success of English, which is sometimes called "Globish", says Eyvor (whose husband, Michael, is from a Cork family.)
Before 1945 many people, such as teachers and civil servants, learned French and German, they point out. People learned some Latin at school, and even Greek. In Catholic countries, everyone had some familiarity with Latin, the church language. High society everywhere spoke French.
But that changed. Latin and Greek were dropped for all but specialised scholars, and English advanced universally. In the early years of the European Union, French (and German) dominated among the Brussels and Strasbourg officials. But as the EU went from 6 to 28, English became more dominant, especially with the entry of the Scandinavians.
Yet, says Eyvor, who is an energetic 63 and travels widely in their linguistic role, English is still gaining ground in eastern central Europe. The Czech Republic is largely English-speaking. The Romanians, who share a Latin basis with French, are now tending to speak more English, especially among the younger generation. The Hungarians, who traditionally had German as a first foreign language – because of the connection with Austria – are now favouring English.
The older generation of Hungarians were taught Russian at school, but many of them left school unable to speak it because of "psychological resistance". They loathed Soviet dominance – an interesting example of the role of psychology in language-learning.
So is it really the spread of English which acts as a disincentive to master other languages? That is a plausible excuse. But it is not an insurmountable barrier, and if we are aware of the problem it might be easier to tackle.
If you make up your mind to learn a language, you can master it. Princess Mary of Denmark is an encouraging illustration. She's an Australian from Tasmania who married Crown Prince Frederik in 2004. They didn't know any Danish, but set their mind to acquiring the language.  They are now a fluent speaker.
Experienced linguists say that the first thing you must do when learning a language is be prepared to make a fool of yourself.
"Don't be afraid to be put down," says Eyvor. "Persist. Listen. And learn words as part of a phrase: 'On the bus.' 'In the room'. 'Pass the salt'." Don't nurse a complex about being bad at languages, just do it!
It is often observed that Africans are brilliant linguists. They'll speak two or three tribal languages even before they embark on a European tongue. And when they learn English, French or Spanish, African people will usually speak these European languages without making grammatical errors. Why is this, and can we learn from the African experience?
Eyvor says that people who come from an oral tradition make the best translators and interpreters, because their brains are adapted to absorbing words. It could be that the oral storytelling traditions, still strong in Africa, hone linguistic ability.
Language skills are useful in the field of employment. But it's worth adding that learning a language is rewarding, interesting and even fun too. And it's great memory training for the old grey matter. Tweet: @MaryKenny4
Weekend Magazine
This map, created by the European Space Agency's Gaia spacecraft during its first year of operations, shows stars in our Milky Way galaxy, as well as neighboring galaxies.
The European Space Agency (ESA) has extended the operational life of eight missions, including its billion-star-mapping Gaia project and its Mars Express orbiter.
The Gaia spacecraft launched in December 2013 on a five-year mission to help create a detailed, 3D map of the Milky Way galaxy. This mission has received a 17-month extension, from July 2019 to December 2020, ESA officials announced Thursday (Dec. 7).
Mars Express, which arrived at the Red Planet in December 2003, got a two-year extension, as did the XMM-Newton space telescope and the Solar and Heliospheric Observatory (SOHO), a joint ESA-NASA mission. All three missions are now funded through at least the end of 2020.
The INTErnational Gamma-Ray Astrophysics Laboratory, or INTEGRAL, received a one-year extension, through the end of 2019. This mission, a collaboration with Russia and NASA, launched in October 2002 to study high-energy space radiation.
In Thursday's announcement, ESA officials also confirmed that the agency will continue to contribute to the Japan-led Hinode sun-studying mission and the Hubble Space Telescope and Interface Region Imaging Spectrograph missions, both of which are led by NASA.
These extensions were approved by ESA's Science Program Committee during a meeting at the agency's headquarters in Paris on Nov. 21 and Nov. 22, officials said in the announcement.
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
A group of friends made an early-morning trip Tuesday to buy a new video game and ended up losing a lot more.
Four Little Rock men were walking back to their vehicle after purchasing the Grand Theft Auto 5 video game at Gamestop, 12319 Chenal Parkway, when two individuals approached them and asked for a lighter, according to a release from the Little Rock Police Department.
The men said they didn't have one, at which point one of the individuals pulled out a 9mm handgun and demanded their possessions, the release states. The victims surrendered three wallets, two cell phones, multiple credit and debit cards and the video game — a total value of about $1,500, according to the report. The robbers then fled the scene.
Authorities canvassed the area for the robbers but could not locate them. Both are described in the police report as black, standing 5-foot-7 and weighing 150 pounds. One robber is male, the report states, and was said to be wearing a green shirt and a black stocking cap. The gender of the second robber wasn't clear in the report, but that person was described as wearing a black and red hat and gray T-shirt.
No arrests have been made, and the investigation is ongoing.
The last time Manchester City failed to beat the opposition goalkeeper on their own ground they finished the match with Roque Santa Cruz in attack. There were angry, mutinous chants during that 0-0 draw against Birmingham protesting about Craig Bellamy being loaned to Cardiff City, and none of the goodwill that Roberto Mancini encountered later in their tenure. "Fans abuse Mancini after Manchester City draw blank," was the Guardian's headline. That was November 2010, 11 months into Mancini's reign and back when a banner at Old Trafford counted the number of years since City won a trophy. It feels like a different era entirely.
The history lesson is important because it puts into context the expertise of Chelsea's defending in Manchester on Monday. No other away side had kept out City in 61 games, and the previous 18 had totted up 72 goals on Manuel Pellegrini's watch. Chelsea had heard all the sneering comments about parking the bus. What they did was far more adventurous, but it did also remind the sport that defending at its highest level is never to be derided. Nobody can doubt Chelsea's competitive courage going into the business end of the season, particularly bearing in mind the ongoing renaissance of the man in the middle of it all, forehead scarred, wearing a seen-it-all-before expression and making it absolutely clear this team does not bend for anyone.
John Terry will always divide opinion. It has not always been easy to embrace them and it will never be straightforward campaigning on their behalf, so perhaps it is best to take personality out of it and just consider Terry the centre-half, the man who heads the ball away, who plays at the back but leads from the front and gives the impression on nights such as Monday that any half-chance for the opposition constitutes a personal affront. The ultimate big-game player, you might say. Or as José Mourinho put it, "the best central defender in the Premier League, 2013-14."
Mourinho loves to discuss this subject, not least because it is another way to identify what they perceive as a flaw in the previous manager, Rafael Benítez. Others might argue on behalf of Per Mertesacker after a season of authority in the heart of Arsenal's defence. Yet Mourinho is not exaggerating the scale of Terry's impact since returning to the team and it is difficult not to marvel bearing in mind a member of England's backroom staff confided during the last European Championship that it was a "miracle" they were capable of performing at any decent level, such was the battering they had taken from playing through injuries and putting their body on the line. Twenty months on, it is an extraordinary feat of endurance that the 33-year-old has not missed a single minute in the league this season.
Inevitably, Roy Hodgson will have to brace themselves for more questions about whether it is the time to usher Terry back into the England team. Mourinho certainly thinks their captain deserves to add to their 78 caps. "I think (Phil) Jagielka did a very good job but John is playing amazingly well," the Chelsea manager said. "Now it is up to the FA, to Roy and to John. The decision they make is the decision I accept."
It is a bit more complicated than that, of course. For starters, Terry is officially retired from international football and would need to undo that decision before Hodgson could think about it seriously. Terry let it be known a while back that they wanted another chance, but they then informed Hodgson they did not know where those stories had come from and re-iterated publicly that they were not going back, even with a World Cup on the horizon. Since then, there has been absolutely no indication of another change in direction. Indeed, there are people around them who say there is no chance of it happening.
For their part, Hodgson has frequently stated – to the point of exasperation – that they want to show loyalty to the players who helped the team through the qualification process. An injury build-up might shift their position, as it did with Rio Ferdinand last year, but a recall for Terry would still represent a considerable volte-face bearing in mind the politics and history behind it. The question was asked in San Marino last March and Hodgson's response was withering. "Maybe while we're talking about John we could talk about Roy McFarland and Colin Todd. How far back do you want us to go? Where do we stop? Should Michael Owen come out of retirement every time we can't score a goal?"
Nobody can say it is ideal, though, that on the back of the Ferdinand issue England will probably be going into a second successive tournament while a player being acclaimed as the best of their type in the country is not in the manager's thoughts. Sir Alex Ferguson makes a relevant point in their latest autobiography. "Centre-backs were the foundation of my Manchester United sides. Always centre-backs." An accomplished partnership provides the stability for any successful team. It also gives the full-backs the encouragement to push forward and double up on the opposition with wide-midfield players. Jagielka and Cahill have done more right than wrong since establishing themselves as Hodgson's first-choice pairing, but there is still a portfolio of evidence that Mourinho is correct – and that an all-Chelsea pairing of Terry and Cahill would be an upgrade.
Chelsea's total of 44 goals scored from 24 league games is three fewer than the leaders Arsenal, 24 inferior to City and 14 worse off than Liverpool in fourth. Fernando Torres, Samuel Eto'o and Demba Ba have 11 between them - to put it into context, the same number as Loïc Rémy has managed for Newcastle. "It is so difficult for us to score a goal now," they lamented before leaving the Etihad.
So much focus has been on these shortcomings, however, it has barely gone noticed that they have conceded only 20 goals, making them the most parsimonious team in the country. Cahill is not flawless, but another warrior alongside Terry on the days when a defence requires its utmost concentration and players who will give everything to get their bodies in front of the ball. César Azpilicueta deserves more acclaim for their performances in what used to be known as Ashley Cole's position while Branislav Ivanovic is always a sturdy opponent and the two holding midfielders, David Luiz and particularly Nemanja Matic, demonstrated an understanding of their positions that was not always evident with their counterparts in light blue, Yaya Touré and Martín Demichelis.
Plainly, Mourinho is willing to accept that their team do not have enough manpower in attack, citing the goals issue again when they interrupted a question about it being a three-horse title race to downplay Chelsea's chances and describe it more like "two big horses and a little horse who needs milk and to learn how to jump".
Instead, they are trying to compensate for an obvious deficiency by making sure their team have the defensive togetherness and know-how that can make them champions in a very different way. That does not mean they are exclusively defence-minded, as City can now testify, but it is their core strength and it is Terry who underpins so much of it for the "little horse" – which is not bad for a player who looked destined for the knacker's yard not so long ago.
Sponsored Article
Getting into RC fun at a hobby grade level is the best route to take if you are seriously interested in getting a quality radio control car. Tamiya has been a leader in getting new hobbyists hooked on RC with their wide variety of radio control offerings. Off-road cars and trucks, on-road sport-level cars and pro-level racers, trail trucks, semis and even fun vehicles have all turned newbies into addicted radio control fanatics. Their huge variety is sure to have something in it to capture the imagination of anyone. So we want to take a look at all the platforms that do this in a ready to run package or XB, that makes it easy to get from the box to the road in less than an hour. There are a lot off offerings so let's give you what you need to know to get the right car in your hands.
WHAT IS XB
Tamiya's XB kits are incredible ready to run works of art. The “XB” stands for Expert Built. Tamiya offers a number of XB kits for their on-road series of cars, off-road buggies and of course off-road trucks. Let's face it, Tamiya is a leader in RC from the very beginning, so they know exactly what it takes to put together a kit that exceeds in quality and is built to perfection.
WHAT IS AVAILABLE
Tamiya's XB series consists of more than one chassis, it is a number of their popular designs that are available built from the factory. Over the years we've tested each design released like the CC-01, GF-01, TB-02, DT-02 and many more. Each has a unique look and designed to deliver maximum fun.
GF-01
The GF-01 is a 4WD machine with the motor directly placed in the center in order to drive the gears in the front and rear gearboxes. The platform features independant suspension, friction coil over shocks and fixed upper links for ease of use. A series of gears inside of the chassis are all plastic with steel outdrives, dogbones and axles. The battery is mounted in the rear of the chassis to help the vehicle wheelie on demand. A single crank steers the knuckles with an off-set servo on the side of the chassis swinging the cranks. A spring loaded bumper up front and wheelie bar out back finish off the features of theGF-01.
Heavy Dump Truck – GF-01
Toyota Land Cruiser 40 – GF01 Pick-Up
CC-01
Several exciting truck bodies come mounted on the capable CC-01 Cross Country chassis, which features independent front suspension and a rear 4-link rigid suspension setup for fun scale trail running enjoyment. The unique tub chassis also serves as the central gearbox, upper shock mounts and the wheel wells at each corner set this rig apart from other trail machines. The rear drive comes from a solid axle and the front driven wheels float on independent suspension. The CC-01 is a favorite among trail off-road enthusiasts.
Mercedes-Benz Unimog – CC01 Unimog
Toyota FJ Cruiser – CC-01
Unimog 406 Series U900 – CC01 Orange Version
TT01
Meet the TT-01 4WD chassis platform available for both road racing and drifting. The TT01 chassis features a 4WD drive drive-train with fully independent double wishbone suspension, with special parts to make it easy to drift or hug the road. The car is shaft driven with precision differentials front and rear to help distribute power. The tub chassis is strong with a simple layout that makes maintenance easy.
Porsche 911 Carrera RSR – TT01E “White Version”
Zakspeed Capri Gr.5 – TT01E Jagermeister Ford
Volkswagen Scirocco – TT01ED Drift Spec
TT02
The TT-02 chassis features a 4WD drive drive-train with fully independent double wishbone suspension. The chassis has the battery pack and motor placed longitudinally on the left and right sides of the chassis respectively. The skid-shaped lower deck enables a greater roll movement range and the 4-wheel double wishbone suspension is equipped with identical left/right suspension arms and uprights, making maintenance and assembly a simple task. The drivetrain features a motor mount which allows up to 10 different gear ratios as well as front and rear enclosed gearboxes equipped with resin 4-pinion differentials. In addition, 2-types of ground clearance and wheelbase length are possible by altering parts position, making it a tuneable machine too.
Porsche Carrera RSR – TT02
Zakspeed Capri WRT – TT02
LaFerrari – TT02
TT-02B
The TT-02B uses the TT-02 center section, driveline and chassis as the base, but adds longer suspension arms, CVA shock units, and buggy bumpers to give it great off-road performance. The vehicle retains the TT-02's excellent drivability and easy of assembly and maintenance, while motor cooling ducts and receiver case add to the model's durability.
Plasma Edge II – TT-02B
Dual Ridge – TT-02B
DT02
The DT-02 chassis is a 1/10 scale 2WD off-road buggy continues in the vein of our successful buggy. Versatile and reliable DT-02 chassis features transverse mounted Type RS540 motor and 4-wheel double wishbone suspension. Full ball bearings ensure maximum efficiency and a long-life of dirt tearing action!
Kumamon Version – DT02
Holiday Buggy – DT02
DT03
The DT-03 off-road buggy kit is intended as an easy-to-get-started model to encourage young drivers to enter the world of RC. Its intuitive yet tough design allows hassle-free assembly and gives less experienced users the opportunity to get to grips with RC model composition and construction. Furthermore, the kit features a polycarbonate body and wing that has chrome metallic plating applied, and are pre-cut. It features a torque-tuned motor and CVA oil dampers to make it faster out of the box. The CVA oil dampers allow the chassis to better handle the rugged terrain of any park or dirt field.
Neo Fighter Buggy – DT03
Racing Fighter – DT03
WR02
The WR-02G chassis features a heavy duty monocoque frame which is equipped with 97mm and 130mm diameter wheels on the front and rear respectively for a realistic scale presence. The motor is positioned along the center-line of the chassis and power is delivered to the rear wheels via fully-enclosed gearbox equipped with a gear differential. 4-wheel double wishbone suspension makes for realistic mechanical movement. The WR-02G is designed with a wheelie bar to enable fun, wheels in the air driving action.
Honda City Turbo – WR02C
Kumamon Version – WR-02G
Farm King Wheelie – WR02G
Suzuki Jimny Wheelie – WR02
Volkswagen Wheelie – WR02
Tumbling Bull – WR02G
M05
The M-05 is a simple FWD (front-wheel drive) machine, which allows for plenty of after-market parts to be outfitted as you grow with your skill. The lightweight, narrow semi-monocoque frame offers an optimized weight distribution and a low center of gravity. A ground-hugging 4-wheel independent double wishbone suspension and a 3-piece steering linkage ensure excellent stability during high-speed cornering. Three wheelbase lengths (210mm, 225mm, 239mm) are possible by simply switching the position of the rear suspension parts, enabling a wide range of body choices available from Tamiya.
Mini JCW Coupe – M05
Mugen CR-X PRO – M05
Alfa Romeo MiTo Red – M05
Fast Attack 2011
This re-released version of the Fast Attack Vehicle features the same basic chassis design as the original 1984 model, it features a tub chassis, rugged gearbox, front and rear independent suspension and semi-pneumatic grooved front tires and rear tires with block pattern tread.
Fast Attack 2011
MF-01X
The MF-01X is a compact chassis which compliments Tamiya's existing M-Chassis genre. It is a 4WD machine with the motor placed in the rear for crisp balance and acceleration. Power is transmitted from the rear mounted motor to the front wheels via a propeller shaft that runs down the side of the MF- 01X. Gearboxes are integrated into the monocoque for a sturdy and easy-to-maintain structure. The MF-01X has a three-section make-up; changing the central spacer section enables short (210mm), middle (225mm), and long (239mm) wheelbases.
Suzuki Jimny (JB23) – MF-01X
FINISH AND DETAIL
One of the biggest reasons Tamiya is so well respected in both the static and radio control modeling world is because of the amazing finish of their product. The detail work on the Tamiya XB series of ready to run cars is exception too and their great build quality for the chassis and components is perfection. The bodies on the vehicles are painted, decaled and detailed to look exactly like the box art and each and every model arrives as if it were to be displayed in a museum.
ELECTRONICS PACKAGE
Tamiya outfits their XB RTR's with proven electronics that are reliable and perfect for the entry-level modeler. The electronic system that comes installed in an XB is a Finespec 2.4Ghz radio that features a comfortable grip, servo reversing switches, steering and throttle trims along with 2.4gHZ technology for trouble free operation. Along with the user friendly radio comes a TEU-105BK Speed Control, that intended to operate the included 540 motor (27 Turns) and the well known 540 silver can motor. We think this power system is perfect for beginners that are just learning to drive their XB!
IS AN XB RIGHT FOR YOU?
The Tamiya XB series consists of more than one chassis, it is a number of their popular designs that are available built from the factory. Over the years we've tested each design released like the CC-01, GF-01, TB-02, DT-02 and many more. Each has a unique look and designed to deliver maximum fun. The designs have their own unique purpose like the CC-01 resembling an off-road platform with a solid rear axle and independent front suspension with realistic wheel wells molded into the chassis. The DT-02 has a buggy stance with independent suspension on all four corners and a tub chassis for the electronics with multi-gear transmission to put down the power. Tamiya has some very creative designs that fits so many interests. Whatever style of Tamiya machine you do choose, you're gaurunteed to have a quality build RC car from a company that knows precision and detail, not to mention, they've been in RC from the beginning. You're really getting a true hobby grade RC experience!
LINK: Tamiya
Sponsored Article
President Obama said he's tormented by the conflict in Syria, but did not say what they would have done differently to end the country's bloody civil war.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The situation in Syria … haunts me constantly,” Obama told historian Doris Kearns Goodwin in an interview published Wednesday in Vanity Fair.
As their time in office winds down, Obama said the number one question on their mind is “what might I have done differently along the course of the last five, six years” to stop the carnage in Syria.
“I do ask myself, was there something that we hadn't thought of?” they added. “Was there some move that is beyond what was being presented to me that maybe a Churchill could have seen, or an Eisenhower might have figured out?”
Critics have called the situation in Syria arguably the biggest stain on their foreign-policy legacy.
The death toll in the country's five year long civil war is approaching 500,000 and has fueled the biggest refugee crisis since World War II.
Both Republicans and Democrats have urged Obama to directly intervene in the conflict to oust the country's leader, Bashar al Assad. And they say the president's decision to not take military action after Assad crossed their “red line” by using chemical weapons in 2012 undermined U.S. credibility abroad.
Obama has offered limited assistance to Syrian rebel groups and has sent airplanes and special operators to the region to battle the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS). He's also increased the number of Syrian refugees admitted to the U.S. to 10,000.
But they have repeatedly ruled out a large-scale military intervention, a no-fly zone or the creation of safe zones to house refugees.
When asked generally what they would have done differently during their presidency, Obama did not mention any specific changes.
“I know there are problems that I say to myself, ‘If maybe I was a little more gifted I might have been able to solve,'” they said. “But that's not because I believe what I did was a mistake. It's that maybe it required the talents of a Lincoln.
“But there aren't a lot of situations where I look back and I say, The decision I actually made or the course we actually pursued was the wrong course.”
Metro plans to rely on its existing rail fleet when the planned Silver Line opens because of delays with the production of new rail cars and a new facility designed to test them.
That could strain the system's existing service, maxing out the agency's already tired fleet of 1,120 cars.
Metro has awarded a $66 million contract to Skanska to build a test track facility near Metro's Greenbelt rail yard, the Swedish company said Monday. The facility will not be finished until March 2014, according to Skanska.
But that's several months after the first leg of the Silver Line is supposed to open, scheduled for December 2013 or early 2014.
The contract requires Skanska to let Metro begin to use the test tracks in January 2014, while finishing touches are made, Metro spokesperson Dan Stessel said. Even so, it can take several weeks to test each new rail car, so there will be a gap between the opening of the line and testing cars on the new track. That means Metro will have to test at least some new rail cars on existing tracks, Stessel said.
But production delays on the new cars because of the March 2011 tsunami and earthquake in Japan, plus other issues, means that only a "handful" of the new rail cars will arrive in time for the planned opening of the Silver Line, they said.
Metro ordered 428 rail cars from Kawasaki in 2010, 300 of them to replace the 1000 Series that have been called death traps and 128 of them for the planned Silver Line. The agency wanted to have 64 rail cars for the first phase of the Silver Line, now under construction.
But before any new rail cars can carry riders, they must be run a set distance along actual Metro tracks.
In the past, Metro has run the cars on its tracks during closed hours. But back then, the agency wasn't using midday, late night and weekend hours to squeeze in track work.
And this is the largest order of rail cars in the agency's history. Metro has said for years that it needs a separate set of tracks to test so many trains.
However, Stessel said, they don't anticipate that initial testing would disrupt track work. The test track should be ready for most of the new cars.
But, they said, it's a "difficult question to answer this far out," about whether using other rail cars from the other lines would degrade service.
They said the agency knows how important having eight-car trains and its new Rush Plus service will be. "We're going to make every effort to make sure there's adequate capacity."
kweir@washingtonexaminer.com
With a growing number of probiotic products on the market today, I'm not surprised that more people are asking, “How can I make sure I choose the best probiotic supplement?”
I tell everyone who approaches me about this that the best way to support digestive health is first to add more probiotic foods, such as yogurt, sauerkraut, and kefir to your daily diet. But if you can't eat those foods every day—or don't care for their taste—then your best option is to take a probiotic supplement.
In my 20-plus years of research and writing about probiotics and digestive health, I've found that there are a few basic criteria on which to evaluate probiotic supplements when you're deciding which one will work best for you. They are—
The specific probiotic strains included
The product's packaging and delivery system
Product expiration dates
Money-back guarantee
The Specific Probiotic Strains Included
Many retailers would have you believe that the best probiotic supplement is the one with the most bacteria it (typically measured in colony-forming units, or CFUs).
However, the truth is that science doesn't know yet if more bacteria are actually better for you. In fact, we still don't even know for sure how many different strains of probiotic bacteria are in the gut to begin with. So sales pitches that say more is better are just that—sales pitches.
See a list of all articles about Gut Bacteria in the Gut Bacteria and Probiotics Index
My interpretation of the research to date has convinced me that it's not the total number of bacteria in a product that is most important; it's the number of different strains of bacteria it includes.
Because the different strains of probiotic bacteria have slightly different functions and are concentrated in various places along the digestive tract, probiotic supplements that contain multiple strains tend to be more effective overall than products containing an extremely high concentration of just one or two strains. This is because many strains work synergistically to influence our health. The whole literally is greater than the sum of its parts.
In my opinion, the best probiotic supplements will include at least these three most important strains:
L. acidophilus—This is the most important strain of the Lactobacillus species and, it readily colonizes on the walls of the small intestine. It supports nutrient absorption and helps with the digestion of dairy foods.
B. longum—Like L. acidophilus, B. Longum is one of the most common bacteria found in the digestive tracts of adults, and it helps maintain the integrity of the gut wall. It is particularly active as a scavenger of toxins.
B. bifidum—This strain, found in both the small and large intestine, is critical for the healthy digestion of dairy products. This is especially important as you grow older and your natural ability to digest dairy declines. B. bifidum also is important for its ability to break down complex carbohydrates, fat, and protein into small components that the body can use more efficiently.
Secondarily, I like:
L. rhamnosus—Known as the premier "travel probiotic," this strain can help prevent occasional traveler's diarrhea.
L. fermentum—This Lactobacillus strain helps neutralize some of the byproducts of digestion and promote a healthy level of gut bacteria.
Beyond these, the best probiotic supplement for you depends on your specific health concerns. The optimal choice for women, for example, is likely to be different than for men. Learn more about the different probiotic species and strains and their benefits.Product Delivery System and PackagingUnderstanding the different ways that manufacturers package and deliver probiotic supplements is perhaps the most important factor in choosing one, and that's because it won't matter which product you select if its delivery system doesn't work.When I say “delivery system,” I mean the form in which the product is created and how that form enables the bacteria both to remain alive and healthy while on store shelves, and to reach the areas in your gut where they'll be most effective.A probiotic supplement full of dead bacteria—or bacteria that die in a sea of stomach acid—is a waste of money.There have been a lot of advances in delivery systems in recent years, and it's possible that by the time you read this, there will be something available that's even better than the controlled-release tablet (or caplet) that is my current favorite. “Beadlet” technology is still viable, and capsule formulation has come a long way since the days when those pills were instantly obliterated by stomach acid.The best probiotic supplements will use delivery systems that ensure a significantly high percentage of bacteria will reach your intestines alive. Because this has become a notable selling point, look for details on the product's packaging or marketing materials. A company that is willing to explain how their product works most likely has a product that will, indeed, work.Also look closely at how the product is packaged. Because probiotic bacteria are living organisms, their health can be affected by their environment.For example, you may remember a time when you had to refrigerate probiotic supplements. New delivery systems have mostly done away with that requirement, but you still need to protect the bacteria from too much exposure to light, heat, and moisture. Look for packaging that ensures these elements will have minimal impact. Thick, opaque bottles with desiccant pouches are most preferred, but there are some new styles of blister packs that also work well.
Expiration Dates
The supplement industry doesn't require that products have expiration dates, so this bit of information can be telling when it comes to product quality.A stated expiration date on a probiotic supplement is the manufacturer's promise that the bacteria in the product will remain active and potent—at the levels specified on the label—until that date. Usually the expiration date is based on formulation and stability testing data, which means a company is paying attention to those matters.The best probiotic supplements will display clearly labeled expiration dates. If you don't see an expiration date on a product label, it should raise questions. Without expiration information, it's impossible to know how long the bacteria in the supplement are expected to last. It could be a year, or it could be a week. Or the bacteria may already be dead—you have no way of knowing. Recently I've also noticed a trend of retailers forgoing expiration dates in lieu of stamps that guarantee potency on the date of manufacture.This is useless in my opinion, because all products should live up to their label claim when they leave the manufacturing facility. As a buyer, I want to know that the product will still be potent 3–4 months later (particularly if I'm buying a few bottles at a time).Don't risk wasting your money on a product that may provide minimal or no benefit. Look for an expiration date. Along with the delivery system, it's the best way to ensure that you're getting the best probiotic supplement available. Money-Back GuaranteeFinally, always insist on this for any supplement you take, including your probiotic. Companies that truly believe in their products will stand by them.
Dr David Williams
So to summarise from my findings the best pro biotic I have found is
Classy. Who doesn't love a flashy Goldman Sachs executive arriving like this to represent a new style of government? Like the new US ambassador in London – the top post – the new arrival to Germany is a banker. Banksters of the world, unite!
Former Goldman Sachs chief Philip D. Murphy evidently arrived in the style to which they are accustomed last month to take up their new post as U.S. envoy to Germany, touching down in an ostentatious top-of-the-line executive jet that left German Chancellor Angela Merkel grinding their teeth over President Obama's gift of ambassadorships to wealthy donors.
Sources familiar with the incident said the arrival of Murphy, their wife and four soccer-uniformed kids on what some said was a Gulfstream V executive jet came just as the German press was describing how top embassy posts in the Obama administration were going almost exclusively to wealthy campaign donors.
Sputnik News — June 4, 2015
After raising nearly half a billion dollars for emergency disaster relief after the 2010 Haitian earthquake – including $170 million earmarked for ‘shelter relief' – the American Red Cross has built a grand total of six houses, according to a new report.
An investigation by Propublica and NPR has shown a pattern of highly inefficient spending, management troubles, and a lack of local expertise which has resulted in very little concrete relief to the people of Haiti, despite massive outpouring of donations to one of the US' most prominent charities.
Costly, Inexpert Foreigners Prioritized Over Haitians
One major barrier to effective relief has been a reliance on foreigners who came to the country with little or no knowledge of local culture or language, while dismissing or disparaging Haitians, the report finds. Though the American Red Cross (ARC) says that 90% of the employees in the Haiti program are Haitians, they would not provide a breakdown of nationalities in top positions, and the Propublica investigation found very few made it to top slots.
“The implication that talented, smart, competent Haitians cannot be found in Haiti has to be dispelled, if we are going to give Haitians a chance to be part of rebuilding Haiti,” read a 2011 memo from Judith St. Fort, then-director of the Haiti program, that described the disparaging attitudes of senior ARC managers towards Haitian employees.
Those foreign workers were also more costly — potentially up to $100,000 more a year — than Haitian employees.
Despite Red Cross CEO Gail McGovern's own promise to “share the way we are spending our dollars,” the ARC has so far not even disclosed what percentage of its revenues go to overhead. That percentage is considered by charity watchdogs to be an essential measure of a charity's trustworthiness and commitment to its cause rather than to its executives' paychecks.
@LeftSentThis @RedCross nobody bothered to ask Haitians what they needed. Whatever aid left is a monument of shame 😒 — #PrisonStrike #AbolishPrisons (@jaZiFRESH) June 3, 2015
Even outside of big picture numbers like overhead the ARC “has declined repeated requests to disclose the specific projects, to explain how much money went to each or to say what the results of each project were,” Propublica reports.
The lack of transparency makes evaluating the Red Cross' grand claims difficult, but some were clearly exaggerated or spun.
For example, the Red Cross says it has provided homes to more than 130,000 people, but that included people who were just “trained in proper construction techniques,” people who ended up in temporary shelters, or people who got rental assistance for a short period. Only six permanent homes have been entirely completed by the Red Cross in Haiti.
Red Cross officials like McGovern have repeatedly claimed that “Millions of Haitians are safer, healthier, more resilient, and better prepared” and that the ARC has helped “more than 4.5 million” Haitians.
But Jean-Max Bellerive, the Prime Minister of Haiti when the quake struck, finds those claims dubious when applied to a country with only 10 million people in total.
“No, no,” Bellerive told Propublica, reacting to the Red Cross' numbers. “It's not possible.”
Source
Ahead of its panel at the San Diego Comic-Con International next weekend, Entertainment Weekly has given us a peek at next year's Wonder Woman movie with four new images from the film featuring Gal Gadot's Amazon Princess alongside Chris Pine's Steve Trevor and director Patty Jenkins; check them out here…
SEE ALSO: Behind-the-scenes image from Batman v Superman showcases Gal Gadot's Wonder Woman
“Gal Gadot returns as the title character in the epic action adventure from director Patty Jenkins. Before they were Wonder Woman, they were Diana, princess of the Amazons, trained to be an unconquerable warrior. Raised on a sheltered island paradise, when an American pilot crashes on their shores and tells of a massive conflict raging in the outside world, Diana leaves their home, convinced they can stop the threat. Fighting alongside man in a war to end all wars, Diana will discover their full powers…and their true destiny.”
Wonder Woman will hit cinemas on June 2nd, 2017 with a cast that includes Gal Gadot (Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice), Chris Pine (Star Trek), Connie Nielsen (Gladiator), Robin Wright (House of Cards), Danny Huston (X-Men Origins: Wolverine), David Thewlis (The Theory of Everything), Ewen Bremner (Snowpiercer), Said Taghmaoui (American Hustle), Elena Anaya (The Skin I Live In), Lisa Loven Kongsli (Force Majeure) and Lucy Davis (Shaun of the Dead).
Lawler is joined on today's show by their co-host Glenn Moore.
Lawler admits that they were somewhat legitimately upset with Peter Rosenberg for wearing an old Bobby Heenan jacket on the SummerSlam Kickoff show. They cracked a few jokes and everyone laughed but Lawler says they were somewhat legitimately angered because Heenan is one of the greatest commentators of all time, and they felt as if Rosenberg was comparing themselves to Heenan by wearing that jacket. They hope and assumes that Rosenberg wore the jacket as more of a tribute to Heenan.
Lawler thought SummerSlam provided a lot of great matches particularly the Kickoff show tag team match between The Usos and The New Day. They also mention that the building was even more empty than it appeared on television for the 6-man tag which was the first match of the evening. They thought that was unfortunate, but that's one of the difficult thing about Barclay's Centre; it's tough to funnel people into the building.
Lawler says they can't fault fans for bringing beach balls and having a good time during the broadcast because for the last several months WWE has been promoting SummerSlam as the ‘biggest party of the Summer'. It actually wouldn't surprise them if WWE brought those balls and set it up.
Recent General News
SCOOP: Charlie writes adaptation of "Orion and the Dark"
Here's something I haven't seen reported anywhere else, so... consider this a BCK exclusive? Charlie has written an adaptation of Orion and the Dark, Emma Yarlett's 2014 children's picture book. The book's description on the author's site:
Orion is afraid of more or less EVERYTHING, but there is one thing that scares them more than anything else... Join Orion on an adventure as they face their BIGGEST and finds out it's... friendly! (Source)
You can see illustrations from the book on that site. In print it's 40 pages, but the screenplay is 122, so we're talking about an adaptation that is both very loose and very expansive--Kaufman's Orion describes themselves as having "a Cluster C disorder, which includes feelings of anxiety, inadequacy, extreme worry about negative evaluation." Which is not very kids'-picture-book-like. It's a Kaufmanesque script if ever there was one, with stories-inside-stories and characters travelling through dreams and things looping back on themselves and whatnot.
Presumably this is intended to be an animated feature, because it's crossed a desk or two at Dreamworks' animation division. The first draft is dated December 2016.
More than that I do not know.
Arianespace's next Ariane 5 flight has been authorized for liftoff on October 4 following today's launch readiness review, which was conducted at the Spaceport in French Guiana.
This milestone confirmed that the heavy-lift launcher and its dual-satellite payload are flight-ready, along with the Spaceport's infrastructure and the network of downrange tracking stations.
With approval granted, Ariane 5 is cleared for its October 3 rollout from the Final Assembly Building to the ELA-3 launch zone. Liftoff will occur the following day during a 1-hour, 15-minute launch window that opens at 5:30 p.m. local time in French Guiana.
Ariane 5 will deliver a lift performance of more than 10,600 kg. on the mission to geostationary transfer orbit (GTO), which is designated Flight VA231. This total includes some 9,800 kg. for its Sky Muster™ II and GSAT-18 satellite passengers, and also factors in the workhorse vehicle's dual-payload deployment system and integration hardware.
Another dual-passenger launch for Ariane 5
The Sky Muster™ II satellite – which was produced by SSL (Space Systems Loral) for Australian operator nbn™ – will ride in the upper position of Ariane 5's payload arrangement, to be deployed first during the 32-min. flight sequence.
Carrying Ka-band transponders, Sky Muster™ II reflects Australia's commitment to bridging the digital divide, especially in its rural and isolated regions. The satellite will help extend high-speed internet to the entire country, including the Norfolk, Christmas, Macquarie and Cocos islands. Arianespace orbited the first Sky Muster™ spacecraft on an Ariane 5 mission performed in September 2015.
Located below Sky Muster™ II in the launcher payload arrangement is the mission's lower passenger – GSAT-18 – which was developed by the Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) with 12 transponders in Ku-band and another 24 in C-band. It will provide telecommunications services for India once in its final orbit, strengthening the Indian space agency's current fleet of 14 operational satellites.
The landmark Stonewall Inn in New York's Greenwich Village, shown in 1994, was near the site of the shooting. (Photo11: Marty Lederhandler, AP) Story Highlights Mark Carson was gunned down in Greenwich Village
Suspect allegedly made homophobic remarks before shooting
Anti-gay bias attacks increasing, police commissioner says
NEW YORK — A gunman who police say used homophobic slurs before firing a fatal shot point-blank into a man's face on a crowded Manhattan street appeared in court on Sunday to face a charge of murder as a hate crime.
"It was a quickie. They shot them and they went straight to the ground," a bouncer at a nearby club told the New York Post. "Half their body was lying on the sidewalk and half was on the street."
Elliot Morales, who appeared in Manhattan Criminal Court, was charged with murder and weapons charges, The Wall Street Journal reported. Morales was ordered held without bail pending another court appearance on Thursday. Their attorney, Reginald Sharpe, could not be reached for comment.
Authorities said Morales used a silver revolver to kill 32-year-old Mark Carson as they walked with a companion in in lower Manhattan early Saturday morning. Morales, 33, trailed and taunted the men, yelling antigay slurs and asking one of them, "You want to die tonight?," according to the New York Times.
Police found Carson fatally wounded on the pavement. They were pronounced dead on arrival at Beth Israel Hospital. Morales, who was arrested in 1998 for attempted murder, was caught a few streets down by an officer who heard a description on their radio and spotted him, New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said.
In Greenwich Village, a neighborhood long known as a bedrock of the gay rights movement, Kelly called the killing a hate crime. "There were no words that would aggravate the situation, and the victim did not know the perpetrator," they said.
About 15 minutes before the bloodshed, Kelly said the gunman was seen urinating outside an upscale restaurant a few blocks from the Stonewall Inn, the site of 1969 riots that helped give rise to the modern gay-rights movement when patrons at a gay bar reacted to police harassment.
Saturday's shooting is at least the fourth violent attack in two weeks believed to be motivated by anti-gay bias, police told CNN.
According to Kelly, there have been 22 bias-motivated events this year, up "significantly" from 13 this time last year, they added.
The shooting stunned a city where, in many neighborhoods, same-sex couples walk freely holding hands.
Contributing: Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/12Fouj4
A new report by the National Partnership for Women & Families (PDF) lays out just how lacking American policies for working parents are. Nationally, we have a pregnancy discrimination law that does not require employers to make reasonable accommodations for pregnant women, limited family and medical leave that doesn't apply to all workers, and, since the Affordable Care Act, rights for some nursing mothers to have breaks to pump at work. Some states have laws giving parents further rights, but, as the map above shows, not enough.
Just two states, California and Connecticut, get a grade of A-. California earned its grade by passing paid family and medical leave, job-protected family and medical leave, job-protected medical leave for pregnancy disability, flexible use of leave time, and nursing mothers' rights. Basically, what that means is if you're disabled by pregnancy or want or need to stay home with a new baby or to care for a sick family member, your boss can't fire you for it; you can have six weeks of leave with partial wage replacement funded through employee payroll contributions; you can use your leave time to care for a sick child; and you get someplace other than a bathroom stall to pump during the time you're nursing. That's the best set of policies in the nation. Next-best Connecticut has job-protected family and medical leave and leave for pregnancy disability, flexible use of sick leave, and nursing mothers' rights, in addition to job-protected paid sick leave.
California and Connecticut are miles better than the 18 states that offer no protections beyond federal law. But by contrast, 178 countries guarantee paid leave for new mothers and 54 guarantees paid leave for new fathers.
If you have been following the twitter the past little bit, you'll know there's been some good working being done by three guys who want to give you the power to root your BlackBerry PlayBook (which then leads to all sorts of fun stuff by having root access to the PlayBook OS).
The exploit was found xpvqus who has been working hard with neuralic these past few months to further the initiative, and with cmwdotme recently joining the team things look to be ramping up to the release of the awesomely-named DingleBerry tool.
Watch the video above by neuralic to see some video proof of gaining root access to the PlayBook OS. You can also check out another video below where cmwdotme shows Hulu running again on the PlayBook thanks to the DingleBerry tool. We'll be watching these guys anxiously to see what comes next. We'll also be watching to see how fast RIM gets a patch out the door for this.
Three hunters caught a 17-foot, 132-pound Burmese python in the Florida Everglades, a record for the program aimed at curbing the proliferation of the non-native species, according to media reports.
The giant snake was caught Friday at Big Cypress National Preserve, according to NBC 6 Miami.
“That snake could pretty much kill any full-grown man,” said one of the hunters who caught the python, Jason Leon, to NBC 6. “If that snake was alive right now, it would probably take like three of us to be able to control that snake.”
It's so far the largest snake to be caught under the South Florida Water Management District's python elimination program.
According to the Miami Herald, Leon spotted the female python about 2:45 a.m. Friday, grabbed it and shot them in the head.
In addition to the South Florida record, Leon also holds the state record for the largest Burmese python ever captured, from their 2013 capture of an 18-footer, the Herald reported.
South Florida Water Management District Three hunters caught a 17-foot, 132-pound Burmese python in the Florida Everglades in southern Miami-Dade, a record for the program aimed at curbing the proliferation of the non-native species. Three hunters caught a 17-foot, 132-pound Burmese python in the Florida Everglades in southern Miami-Dade, a record for the program aimed at curbing the proliferation of the non-native species. (South Florida Water Management District)
Leon told NBC 6 that the Burmese python's insatiable appetite is ravaging Florida's wildlife population.
“We have these guys out there eating our alligators, raccoons, possums, otters, pretty much everything out there,” Leon said. “There's no natural predators too.”
South Florida Water Management District Three hunters caught a 17-foot, 132-pound Burmese python in the Florida Everglades in southern Miami-Dade, a record for the program aimed at curbing the proliferation of the non-native species. Three hunters caught a 17-foot, 132-pound Burmese python in the Florida Everglades in southern Miami-Dade, a record for the program aimed at curbing the proliferation of the non-native species. (South Florida Water Management District)
Launched in March, the South Florida Water Management District's python elimination program pays hunters $8.10 an hour. It then pays an extra $50 for a 4-foot snake and $25 for each additional foot beyond that.
For this python, Leon and the two other hunters will reportedly get $375.
Rice University's cheap hybrid outperforms rare metal as fuel-cell catalyst
Graphene quantum dots created at Rice University grab onto graphene platelets like barnacles attach themselves to the hull of a boat. But these dots enhance the properties of the mothership, making them better than platinum catalysts for certain reactions within fuel cells.
The Rice lab of chemist James Tour created dots known as GQDs from coal last year and have now combined these nanoscale dots with microscopic sheets of graphene, the one-atom-thick form of carbon, to create a hybrid that could greatly cut the cost of generating energy with fuel cells.
The research is the subject of a new paper in the American Chemical Society journal ACS Nano.
The lab discovered boiling down a solution of GQDs and graphene oxide sheets (exfoliated from common graphite) combined them into self-assembling nanoscale platelets that could then be treated with nitrogen and boron. The hybrid material combined the advantages of each component: an abundance of edges where chemical reactions take place and excellent conductivity between GQDs provided by the graphene base. The boron and nitrogen collectively add more catalytically active sites to the material than either element would add alone.
“The GQDs add to the system an enormous amount of edge, which permits the chemistry of oxygen reduction, one of the two needed reactions for operation in a fuel cell,” Tour said. “The graphene provides the conductive matrix required. So it's a superb hybridization.”
The Tour lab's material outperformed commercial platinum/carbon hybrids commonly found in fuel cells. The material showed an oxygen reduction reaction of about 15 millivolts more in positive onset potential – the start of the reaction – and 70 percent larger current density than platinum-based catalysts.
The materials required to make the flake-like hybrids are much cheaper, too, Tour said. “The efficiency is better than platinum in terms of oxygen reduction, permitting one to sidestep the most prohibitive hurdle in fuel-cell generation — the cost of the precious metal,” they said.
Rice graduate student Huilong Fei is the paper's lead author. Co-authors are graduate students Ruquan Ye, Gonglan Ye, Yongji Gong, Zhiwei Peng and Errol Samuel; research technician Xiujun Fan; and Pulickel Ajayan, the Benjamin M. and Mary Greenwood Anderson Professor in Mechanical Engineering and Materials Science and of chemistry and chair of the Department of Materials Science and NanoEngineering, all of Rice.
Tour is the T.T. and W.F. Chao Chair in Chemistry as well as a professor of materials science and nanoengineering and of computer science.
The Office of Naval Research Multidisciplinary University Research Initiative (MURI) program, the Air Force Office of Scientific Research and its MURI program supported the research.
The M Street cycletrack is under siege. Last week, I wrote about an M Street church's successful effort to scrap a block of the planned protected bike lane in order to preserve a few curbside parking spaces for churchgoers. The District Department of Transportation's capitulation, I wrote, set a terrible precedent by sending the message that if a property owner or business found a bike lane inconvenient, the agency would alter its plans and disrupt its transportation network in order to appease that property owner or business.
Well, it seems the lesson is already being learned by another local business—-specifically, a strip club.
Newly minted Washingtonian writer Ben Freed reports that Camelot Show Bar, a nudie joint on the 1800 block of M Street NW, is looking to get in on the anti-cycletrack action. Camelot's owner, Nicolas Triantis, is worried that the bike lane will make their (presumably carbound) employees late to work.
“I wasn't aware that AME got an exception,” Triantis told Freed. “I'm going to give DDOT a call to see what's going on.”
As they should. Once DDOT gives out one slice of the pie, others are going to come calling. After all, though churches and strip clubs may be at opposite ends of the gentility spectrum, the city shouldn't really be making moral judgments on who gets to dictate transportation choices and who doesn't.
Of course, I'm not advocating another block of lost cycletrack to make Triantis happy. The real issue is that DDOT opened the levees by handing out a concession in the first place. Hopefully, if enough other less-than-holy businesses start picking up the phone and asking DDOT for their own exemptions, the agency will learn from its mistake and stick to its guns on what's best for the city's transportation grid.
One of the things we've been waiting all day to see in the aftermath of the shooting today at the Holocaust Museum was how the conservatives would spin the incident. Now, thanks to Glenn Beck and Debbie Schlussel, we know.
First off, Beck went on their show tonight and performed perhaps the most stunning feat of pulling one out of the old anus in the history of stunning pulling one out of the ole anus feats. Beck, with a straight face mind you, looked into the camera and said that America as it stands today is a "boiling pot" fueled by extremists groups like Al Qaeda and 9/11 truthers who are sowing the seeds of extremism and hatred in this country. Then, still with a straight face, Beck also warned their viewers that more violence is likely to come in the future, that "more nutjobs are going to coming out of the woodwork now," that all of this is part of the "perfect storm" he's been trying to warn everyone about, a "perfect storm" which will result in a "witchhunt" that will focus on two groups of people. Can you guess who they might be?
Jews and—Conservatives!
Beck, like the true reptilian coward they are, doesn't make mention, much less offer an apology for, the lunacy he's been promoting over the radio and television airwaves over the years, lunacy that directly feeds the derangement of people like James von Brunn, inflammatory rhetoric he's been spewing about America turning into a totalitarian communist regime under Obama, the New World Order, Mexicans pouring over our borders to take our jobs and rape our children, FEMA concentration camps, ACORN rigging an American Presidential election for Obama, that dark, powerful, unseen forces are controlling the American economy, how liberals might to assassinate him—We could go on and on and on. There's truly no end with this clown.
We wonder how the executives at Fox are sleeping tonight in the aftermath of the Holocaust Museum shooting. Certainly there's got to be at least one person in power working there in possession of a active conscience and a brain with enough of a capacity for abstract thought as to be able to connect the dots between the types of things Glenn Beck says on the air and the violent domestic extremism we've seen on the rise lately. There just has to be. And we would hope that such a person would have the intestinal fortitude to stand up and say that this sort of madness needs to stop, that it destroys what little credibility the Fox News brand holds as a news organization to have this sort of maniacal charlatan identified as one of the network's stars. Then again, maybe we're a bit too hopelessly idealistic to believe such a person exists over there.
Anyway, here's Beck's utterly nauseating act from today. It opens with part of their "The One Thing" address about the Holocaust Museum shooting and ends with theirs asking a former CIA agent to confirm that the 9/11 truthers are the ones who inspired James von Brunn.
Finally, there's Ann Coulter wannabe Debbie Schlussel, last heard from making Sonia Sotomayor/JLo jokes. Here's what they said about what happened at the Holocaust Museum:
It is because of Muslims—who are the biggest contributor to the worldwide rise in anti-Semitism to Holocaust-eve levels—that neo-Nazis feel comfortable—far more comfortable!—manifesting their views about Jews. Until 9/11 and our resulting new tolerance for Islam, the neo-Nazi types were marginalized and howling at the wind. We know who has been targeting Jewish museums and centers affiliated with Jews in recent years. And it hasn't been, in general, 89-year-old White guys. Mr. Von Brunn has been on this planet for 89 years, and they didn't feel comfortable shooting up a Holocaust museum until now—this new era of "tolerance," in which we must tolerate the most extremist Muslim behaviors and sentiments. It's, in general, not 89-year-old White guys telling people at churches worldwide and in religious schools that the Jews are the devil incarnate, a filthy tribe, the sons of pigs and monkeys, subhuman, etc. No, it's guys with names like Mohammed and Ahmed on our own American streets who make Mr. Von Brunn far more at ease in 2009 than they were even in 1999 to attack places associated with the Jews. They created the comfort zone for James W. Brunn to engage in today's shooting. Moreover, not only do White supremacists and neo-Nazis work with Muslims in many, many documented cases and investigations. But they are basically one and the same. The only difference is that one guy is named James and the other guy is named Ahmed. And the former only has a few thousand discredited, marginalized compatriots. Whereas the latter has over a billion followers and a U.S. President kissing their collective ass.
So there you go. It's the new era of tolerance that inspired a neo-nazi to murder a black guy in the course of trying to shoot up a Jewish museum. You try to figure this one out, because we sure as hell can't.
One of the most-requested features for Twitter's mobile apps may be on the cusp of arriving. Some users of the company's iOS and Android clients are now seeing an option to mute accounts that they follow, preventing another user's tweets and retweets from appearing in their timeline. The user remains muted until you manually unmute them. In essence, then, the mute feature works as a kind of stealth unfollow — you won't be seeing another person's tweets, but they won't know that.
Muting is said to be among the most popular features in Tweetdeck, the business-class Twitter client that the company acquired in 2011. And there are good reasons why. Sometimes you feel pressure to follow someone for work or social reasons even though their tweets exasperate you. Sometimes a person is live-tweeting an event you could not care less about. Sometimes you're afraid that someone will spoil a TV show you plan to watch later.
Third-party Twitter clients have long supported muting. Tweetbot, for example, lets you mute accounts for various lengths of time — a day, a week, a month, or forever. It also lets you mute entire apps, so that (for example) you never have to see another Foursquare check-in on Twitter ever again. Twitter's experiment doesn't take muting quite that far. But assuming it rolls out to all users, the official Twitter mute button will be a welcome arrival to the service.
.
Convention Guest of Honor
George RR Martin will sign ONE item per guest and NO INSCRIPTIONS. Mr. Martin is happy to sign books, DVD's and CD's, T- shirts, photographs, dolls and models, convention programs, autograph books and many more – just not little slips of paper.
George R.R. Martin was born September 20, 1948 in Bayonne, New Jersey. Their father was Raymond Collins Martin, a longshoreman, and their mother was Margaret Brady Martin. They have two sisters, Darleen Martin Lapinski and Janet Martin Patten.
Martin attended Mary Jane Donohoe School and Marist High School. They began writing very young, selling monster stories to other neighborhood children for pennies, dramatic readings included. Later they became a comic book fan and collector in high school, and began to write fiction for comic fanzines (amateur fan magazines). Martin's first professional sale was made in 1970 at age 21: “The Hero,” sold to Galaxy, published in February, 1971 issue. Other sales followed.
In 1970 Martin received a B.S. in Journalism from Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois, graduating summa cum laude. They went on to complete a M.S. in Journalism in 1971, also from Northwestern.
As a conscientious objector, Martin did alternative service 1972-1974 with VISTA, attached to Cook County Legal Assistance Foundation. They also directed chess tournaments for the Continental Chess Association from 1973-1976, and was a Journalism instructor at Clarke College, Dubuque, Iowa, from 1976-1978. They wrote part-time throughout the 1970s while working as a VISTA Volunteer, chess director, and teacher.
In 1975 they married Gale Burnick. They divorced in 1979, with no children. Martin became a full-time writer in 1979. They were writer-in-residence at Clarke College from 1978-79.
Moving on to Hollywood, Martin signed on as a story editor for Twilight Zone at CBS Television in 1986. In 1987 Martin became an Executive Story Consultant for Beauty and the Beast at CBS. In 1988 they became a Producer for Beauty and the Beast, then in 1989 moved up to Co-Supervising Producer. They were a Executive Producer for Doorways, a pilot which they wrote for Columbia Pictures Television, which was filmed during 1992-93.
Martin's present home is Santa Fe, New Mexico.  They are a member of Science Fiction & Fantasy Writers of America (he was South-Central Regional Director 1977-1979, and Vice President 1996-1998), and of Writers' Guild of America, West. You can find more information on their website.
Polish extreme metallers HATE have released the following statement:
"[During the] night [of] April 5-6 near the German town of Munchberg, our friend, the best comrade and longtime bass player unexpectedly passed away. After the show in Stuttgart last night, they went to sleep and never woke up. We found them lifeless early in the morning and immediately called an ambulance. They were reanimated, but to no avail. Results of Slawek's (Slawomir 'Mortifer' Archangielskij) autopsy should be known soon. In this situation, we decided to cancel the remaining shows and return home. We gave detailed testimonies to the German police. We are shocked and shattered by their sudden, unexpected death. We mourn together with Slawek's family and friends."
Archangielskij joined HATE in January 2007 and appeared on 2010's "Erebos" and 2013's "Solarflesh" albums.
"Alchemy Of Blood", the latest video from HATE, can be seen below. The track comes off "Solarflesh", which was released in North America on February 5 via Napalm Records. The follow-up to 2010's "Erebos" was recorded at Sound Division Studio in Warsaw with Filip "Heinrich" Halucha (VESANIA, DECAPITATED) and Arek "Malta" Malczewski (BEHEMOTH's sound guy). The effort was mixed at Hertz Studio in Bialystok, Poland with producers Slawek and Wojtek Wieslawski (DECAPITATED, VADER).
Please refer to the documentations folder in the mod download for an installation guide and the manual to the beta which contains information about the new features. The installation guide contains important information to do with playing on steam and how to run the game so WSE works properly.
It is with regret we have to announce that this version of warsword conquest is not compatible with the Mac version of warband due to the necessity of WSE which is essential to the correct running of the mod.
HOW TO INSTALL THE MOD
- Step 1: Download the mod
- Step 2: Unpack it using WinRAR
- Step 3: Now you should have a folder which has another folder inside with all the files of the mod. Take this last folder (the one with the files) and put it into M&B Warband's Modules folder
- Step 4: Go to your main M&B Warband folder, locate the file called "mb_warband" and either put it somewhere else or rename it EG. "mb_warband_original"
- Step 5: Enter the mod's folder (the one you put inside Modules) and enter the first folder (1.170 exe). Copy the file you find there and paste it inside your M&B Warband folder.
Now you should have "mb_warband" (the one you just put there) and the other file you renamed (if you didn't put it elsewhere).
- Step 6: Delete (or put somewhere else) the folder TexturesHD from the main M&B Warband folder.
- Step 7: Go in the mod's folder (the one inside Modules) and enter the folder named WSE.
- Step 8: Launch the game from the WSE Loader. Select the mod in the drop menu in the launcher and then launch the game.
For those that had the WSE Loader telling them that it couldn't find mb_warband.exe. Launch the game at least once from Steam and then repeat the 1.170 downgrade.
HAVE FUN!
Warsword Conquest Winds of Magic Beta
Dear Warsword fans,
It has been 2.5 years since our last release and while the new version of the mod is not completely ready the team has decided that it is now in a playable state and that the best way to get to discover all the issues which need fixing is to have our player base feed back to us their experiences.
Many of the magic schools, diplomacy (late game) features and map/battle/magic balance since all the changes have not been tested with much thoroughness so feedback on all accounts will be appreciated.
In the mod download is a documentation folder with some key documents including the installation guide which must be read and followed for the mod to work properly. This version of the mod uses warband script extender (included in mod, no need for separate download) which has it's own special installation instructions.
I would like to extend my gratitude to Kraggrim, Burspa and Marshal_157 for joining the team and allowing the scope of this update to increase 3 or 4-fold. Without them a lot of what we had done, especially on the visual front, would not have been possible. Many thanks also to the trusty Polloio and gsanders for their valuable contributions and to all the others whose works have helped us put this version together. See credits in documentation for full list.
There is not a changelog as such but there is manual in the documentation folder with information about some of the new features and skills.
If you have a bug you would like to tell us about you can either post on this article or for the fastest way for us to see it join our discord Discord.gg and post in our bugs section. A list of known bugs will be listed at the bottom of this article to help bug reports from being duplicated.
Please note that diplomacy has not been tweaked yet politically so unrealistic alliances and defensive pacts can occur.
Thank you for your patience and we hope you enjoy the new beta.
Nameless Warrior
Known bugs list
Bandit camps show wrong enemies in menu
When you are resting in a location and it gets sieged you don't get taken into the battle automatically when they move in to attack. You have to click.
Ghost ships of player ship can be left on shore after you leave
Town and castle guards can be missing in certain times of the day
Error in some quest strings
Chaos dwarf tree not in reference
Some companion dialogue is mixed up
Slaanesh lore attribute not working for 'lash of Slaanesh'
Issues with guild master tasks
Beards can disappear and reappear each load up
Village strings are bugged
1 handed upstabd spear animation bugged
lord bandit quest hangs on dialogue
searing doom causes no damage
1. The Daylight War by Peter V. Brett
Can you believe it's been less than four years since Peter V. Brett's debut novel, The Warded Man, was released? Since then, Brett's star has risen ever higher, and with The Desert Spear, a breath-taking sequel, The Demon Cycle quickly became one of the more popular epic fantasy series. This month, the long wait for the third volume will finally be over. The Daylight War promises to be everything its predecessors were: a coming-of-age epic, huge in both scope and page-count, brimful of mind-blowing action, magic old and new, and demons. What's more, the title, The Daylight War, indicates that we'll finally see the war so heavily hinted at in The Desert Spear. Bring it on!
Published by Del Rey on Feb 12.
Blurb written by Stephan.
2. A Natural History of Dragons by Marie Brennan
Marie Brennan's A Natural History of Dragons promises to give us something we haven't read before. First in a new series, this is the memoir of Lady Trent, a naturalist and adventurer with a passion for dragons. Them search, told from their own perspective, promises an epic tale of a strong woman protagonist out in the world. And hopefully, there will be lots of dragons. I sure can't wait to find out what direction this novel is going to take. If the prose is as gorgeous as its cover, A Natural History of Dragons will be a wondrous novel.
Published by Tor on Feb 5.
Blurb written by Stephan.
3. American Elsewhere by Robert Jackson Bennett
From the author of the wonderful literary fantasy, The Troupe, comes a new stand-alone story that adds an alien invasion to the idealized image of the American dream. American Elsewhere promises to be a captivating novel full of morally ambiguous characters and horrific detail. This supernatural fantasy will definitely be one to watch, as it may well turn out to be another literary gem.
Published by Orbit on Feb 12.
Blurb written by Stephan.
4. The Best of All Possible Worlds by Karen Lord
A few years ago, Karen Lord shocked the fantasy community with their beautifully Caribbean-inspired debut novel, Redemption in Indigo. This time, Lord has decided to take a different tack and venture into science fiction with them their novel, The Best of All Possible Worlds. Lord's foray introduces its readers to a people whose homeland has been destroyed and who must now swallow their pride and ask for assistance from another species. Tension reaches a climactic point between the two cultures and a man and woman must find a way to bring them together before it is too late.
Published by Del Rey on Feb 12.
Blurb written by Cameron.
5. Dreams and Shadows by C. Robert Cargill
If you like authors such as Neil Gaiman, Erin Morgenstern, Lev Grossman, and Kim Harrison, this debut will be to your discerning tastes. In Dreams and Shadows, a supernatural parallel universe lives just out of sight of mundane eyes. Old friends Ewan and Colby, however, know it's there. They're not from Texas, where they currently live, but from a world of fairies, genies, and wizards. Not quite a modern day fairy tale, with some very dark elements, this debut is sure to knock our socks off.
Published by Harper Voyager, Feb 26.
Blurb written by Janea.
6. Fragments by Dan Wells
Fragments is the second installment in the young adult series that began with Partials. Humanity has nearly been wiped from the planet by a mysterious plague called RM. The survivors, huddled in a colony on Long Island, are immune to the disease, but for over a decade any infants born die within days. On the mainland, genetically engineered super-humans, called Partials, are also facing extinction while tensions between Partials and humans escalate. Kira, a Partial who was raised as a human, thinks they might be the key to both RM and the Partials' extinction. They set off with their old friend Marcus to see if she's right.
Published by Balzer+Bray on Feb 26.
Blurb written by Janea.
7. Etiquette & Espionage by Gail Carriger
Finishing School, a new young adult series by steampunk favorite Gail Carriger, sounds far more readable to an adult audience than most young adult novels do. The series starts with Etiquette & Espionage, following the teenaged Sophronia, whose frazzled mother desperately enrolls them in finishing school—where they learn not only typical ladylike etiquette, but also the fine arts of espionage, weaponry, and deceit. Finishing School is set in the same universe as the Parasol Protectorate, twenty-five years earlier.
Published by Little Brown on Feb 5.
Blurb written by Rebecca.
8. Dead Things by Stephen Blackmoore
Appreciated for their polished, assured writing and smooth prose, Stephen Blackmoore, author of City of the Lost, is a new star on the urban fantasy scene. With their second novel, Dead Things, they look set to reinforce that fact once more. In this paranormal fantasy, protagonist Eric Carter is a necromancer: they see ghosts and talks to the dead. Dead Things promises to incorporate a hard-boiled sense of urban despair into a paranormal plot, all topped with witty humor.
Published by DAW on Feb 5.
Blurb written by Stephan.
9. Between Two Thorns by Emma Newman
Emma Newman, author of post-apocalyptic young adult novel 20 Years Later, has signed a three book deal with Angry Robot to publish their new series. The Split Worlds is an urban fantasy series with gritty noir, fantastical magic, evil faeries and people just trying to drink their tea in peace. The first novel in the series is Between Two Thorns and, if its gorgeous cover is any indication, it will be a wonderful new addition to the urban fantasy genre.
Published by Angry Robot on Feb 26.
Blurb written by Stephan.
10. Fade to Black by Francis Knight
A dystopian urban fantasy in which magic derived from pain is outlawed, Fade to Black promises to be as much about the vertical city of Malaha as it is about the characters that live in it. According to publisher Orbit, this debut novel has the murky atmosphere of Sin City, with the action and breakneck pacing of Brent Weeks or Scott Lynch. Definitely a bold claim, and whether Fade to Black can live up to such high praise remains to be seen. The fact is, this dark novel looks very promising and may well prove a contender for best debut of the year. And did I mention a sequel, titled Before the Fall, is already planned for release later this year?
Published by Orbit on Feb 26.
Blurb written by Stephan.
11. Gideon's Angel by Clifford Beal
Alternative history is alive and well, and lately it's been setting its sights on pre-Industrial England. Gideon's Angel follows Richard Tradewell just after the English Civil War, and he's not happy about losing their King, family, and fortune. Unfortunately, Tradewell needs to protect Cromwell in order to protect England from a Demonic overthrow. There's a lot of history to play with here, and adding in magic to an already religiously fragmented era opens up realms of possibility. Another debut, this will hopefully be a wonderful surprise.
Published by Solaris on Feb 26.
Blurb written by Janea.
12. Blood Oranges by Kathleen Tierney
Quinn has a reputation as the most notorious demon hunter in New England. If you ask her, it's completely undeserved; she's no kung fu wizard, they have no arsenal of medieval weapons, she's just an ex-junkie with an unfortunate talent for being in the wrong place at the right time. Now she's wanted for crimes against humanity that they claim they (mostly) didn't commit. A werewolf and a vampire have both taken a chunk out of them And things are only getting worse. This dark urban fantasy shows a lot of promise, especially for those who like unconventional and reluctant heroes.
Published by Roc on Feb 5.
Blurb written by Rebecca.
13. Dualed by Elsie Chapman
Elsie Chapman's debut is a young adult dystopian with a truly creepy premise. West Grayer lives in the city of Kersh, a safe haven with a high cost. She's spent their whole life knowing that somewhere out there is their Alternate, a genetic twin who was raised by another family. Before their twentieth birthday, West must kill them Alt and prove them worth. I've heard this book compared to Divergent by Veronica Roth. I haven't read either book yet, but it seems that those who loved Divergent may find themselves delighted with this book as well.
Published by Random House on Feb 26.
Blurb written by Rebecca.
14. The Mad Scientist's Guide to World Domination ed. by John Joseph Adams
Who doesn't love a good evil mastermind? Anyone? No? Good, because this newest anthology edited by the master of anthologies himself, John Joseph Adams, offers a collection of twenty-two short stories about evil geniuses and mad scientists … as seen from their perspective! This anthology features an all-star lineup, with authors like Naomi Novik, Carrie Vaughn, Mary Robinette Kowal, Seanan McGuire, L.E. Modesitt, and David Farland. With such an amazing premise and lineup, The Mad Scientist's Guide to World Domination simply has to be good.
Published by Tor on Feb 19.
Blurb written by Stephan.
15. Age of Voodoo by James Lovegrove
This month, James Lovegrove brings us the next installment of their Pantheon series, Age of Voodoo. This newest story, set on a mysterious island with an old Cold War bunker full of mysteries and danger, is a nice departure from their usual choice of more ancient traditional religions as their focus. Sure to bring all of their usual action-packed battle sequences and great building of tension to the game, a little dark magic, and slumbering Gods stand to make this their best offering to date. He'll do the voodoo that they do.
Published by Solaris on Feb 26.
Blurb written by Dan.
16. Star Wars: The Last Jedi by Michael Reaves & Maya Kaathryn Bohnhoff
In the aftermath of Emperor Palpatine's Order 66, Jax Pavan has not gone into hiding or exile. They fight on as a guerilla, joining up with Whiplash, a secret resistance group on Coruscant. Now they face their most critical mission yet, escorting a Whiplash leader to safety. Jax is prepared for nearly every Imperial threat—but Darth Vader is after them and will stop at nothing to kill The Last Jedi. Michael Reaves and Maya Kaathryn Bohnhoff, experienced Star Wars writers both individually and together, collaborate again in this upcoming stand-alone.
Published by LucasBooks on Feb 26.
Blurb written by Rebecca.
17. Breaking Point by Kristen Simmons
For fans of The Hunger Games, February offers the treat of the second volume in a new young adult dystopian series. Breaking Point follows Article 5, which was released last year. Ember and Chase have finally reached the Resistance and escaped the Federal Bureau of Reformation, at least for now. But the FBR isn't through with Ember, naming them its number one most wanted person with orders to shoot on sight. Can Ember and Chase survive when they can't even go outside? Article 5 was well written, well thought out, and free from a number of annoying tropes populating today's young adult literature (love triangles anyone?). If Breaking Point lives up to its predecessor, it will be a very worthwhile read.
Published by Tor Teen on Feb 12.
Blurb written by Janea.
18. Pantomime by Laura Lam
The circus is back in town. This one stands at the edge of an ancient civilization filled with mysterious wonders. Iphigenia, known as Gene, is a noble girl who doesn't wish to have a be all and end all of their life. Micah is a runaway living on the street. Both find refuge with the circus. Unfortunately, there's not much more to tell about this young adult book without giving away the plot twists! But if you loved Night Circus by Erin Morgenstern, this promises to be a slam dunk debut.
Published by Strange Chemistry, Feb 5
Blurb written by Janea.
19. Trickster by Jeff Somers
With Trickster, Jeff Somers launches their new urban fantasy series. This novel promises to bring readers a dark and original urban setting in which mages operate under the radar of human society. Not just any mages either, but the kind that use blood, lots and lots of blood. This fact becomes very evident when looking at the book trailer for Trickster. It promises be a gripping urban novel in the vein of Chuck Wendig's Miriam Black series.
Published by Pocket on Feb 26.
Blurb written by Stephan.
20. City of a Thousand Dolls by Miriam Forster
Another debut, Miriam Forster's City of a Thousand Dolls promises to be a well-crafted fantasy novel set in a magical imagined world. It is the tale of sixteen-year-old Nisha, an orphan on the streets of the City of a Thousand Dolls, who attempts to uncover the secrets behind a series of murders before they can become the next victim. According to the cover blurbs, City of a Thousand Dolls will be a fantastical murder mystery with a creative premise, heart-pounding pacing, amazing world building, and a wonderful hero.
A A
TACOMA, Wash. -- State patrol troopers got quite a shock Sunday when the reckless driver they were chasing turned out to be one of their own.
Trooper David Bertholf had been a top trooper when it came to nabbing drunk drivers, and now he's accused of driving drunk himself.
Berthofl isn't just accused of driving drunk, either. He's also facing charges of hit and run and eluding after troopers say they tried to outrun them.
"We're extremely disappointed in the actions and decision-making of this particular employee," said WSP Capt. Rob Huss.
Investigators say Berthofl was driving near Tacoma on Sunday afternoon when they side-swiped a car that had slowed for a traffic jam.
Witnesses say Bertholf went around into the median. They followed them until troopers closed in. Despite the lights and sirens, troopers say Bertholf didn't stop. When they finally did pull over, the troopers were shocked to learn they were a co-worker.
Even after they stopped, troopers say they had to wait 10 minutes for Bertholf to get out of their car.
"The response from the troopers that went to the scene and made the apprehension show that if you're intoxicated in this state, we don't care who you are," Huss said. "We're going to do our job. It's expected of us and it's what we're committed to doing."
A 20-year veteran, Bertholf has received numerous awards for drunk driving prevention in both Pierce and Kitsap counties. In 1994, they were given an award for returning to work after they recovered from serious injuries in a head-on crash on the Tacoma Narrows Bridge.
Recently, he'd been attached to a K-9 unit working with Homeland Security to keep ferries safe. But with Sunday's arrest, WSP officials say it's possible their law enforcement career is over.
"There's a high likelihood," Huss said. "It's very difficult for somebody, rightfully so, to fulfill a position in law enforcement when you have these types of serious allegations in place."
Bertholf is currently being held on $35,000 bail. Their attorney said the trooper's family has already arranged for them to enter an inpatient substance abuse treatment program in Eastern Washington.
São Paulo (Reuters) - Two decades ago, two rivals offered competing visions for the future of Latin America's biggest democracy.
Brazil's former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva speaks during a ceremony for the Annual National Award for Youth, an event organised by the Ministry of Youth, at the National Palace of the Dominican Republic in Santo Domingo January 31, 2013. REUTERS/Ricardo Rojas
Both men succeeded - each serving two terms as president over a sixteen-year period that during which Brazil was transformed from an economic misfit into one of the world's most promising markets.
Their success made Fernando Henrique Cardoso and Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva models for two types of contemporary South American leader: Cardoso was the reformist, pro-business intellectual and Lula the fiery, but market-friendly, populist.
It would be a mistake, though, to think that common triumphs have fostered much love between the two former presidents. In fact, Brazilians in recent weeks have experienced more than a little sense of déjà vu as the two elder statesmen slug it out over their legacies and preferred candidates in next year's presidential election.
In competing speeches, videos and other public statements, Cardoso and Lula, aged 81 and 67 respectively, have been trading barbs as if their eyes were still on the prize they first fought over as much younger men, first in 1994 and again in 1998.
But the bickering is very much about the future, especially at a time when the leftist Workers' Party, in power since 2003, is increasingly vulnerable because of a two-year-long halt in Brazil's once-booming economy. Though the 2014 campaign has yet to formally begin, the still-popular party is on guard as Cardoso and others begin to sharpen their knives.
“Fernando Henrique Cardoso, at the minimum, should keep quiet,” Lula said last week after their long-time rival criticized a series of rallies in which Lula and President Dilma Rousseff, their protegee and successor, celebrated a decade of Workers' Party rule.
Cardoso, a centrist, says the Workers' Party's long rule, and its control of everything from public lenders to regulatory agencies to state-run energy company Petrobras, form a powerful, one-sided “propaganda barrier” that “few voices are able to penetrate.”
“It's suffocating,” they told Reuters in an interview. “As a person with political and intellectual responsibility in Brazil, I cannot just be quiet.”
A NEED FOR RENEWAL
That two senior citizens are duking it out over an office they both left long ago says a lot about a Brazilian political landscape desperate for renewal, even though over 60 percent of the electorate is younger than 45 years old.
Cardoso and Lula both molded that landscape as leaders of the first wave of democratic parties that governed Brazil following a two-decade military dictatorship that ended in 1985.
But both their parties have struggled to find compelling new voices to replace them. “There is no one else yet able to fill the space that those two occupy,” said Alexandre Barros, a political consultant in Brasilia, the capital.
Rousseff, a 65-year-old former bureaucrat and minister in Lula's government, was elected in 2010 largely because the ex-president, still Brazil's most popular politician, picked them to succeed them as candidate.
Faced with a constitutional term limit that prevented them seeking a third consecutive term, Lula campaigned tirelessly on Rousseff's behalf and cast them as the leader best poised to protect Brazil's then red-hot economy.
Cardoso's Social Democratic Party remains the chief opposition, but Lula and Rousseff have trounced its candidates three elections running.
Jose Serra, a two-time presidential election loser and a contemporary of Cardoso, is expected to make way next year for Aecio Neves, a senator and former governor who has tiptoed toward a candidacy but has not yet made a formal announcement.
“By default we have these two older voices out there who continue to own the political debate,” said David Fleischer, a political analyst at the University of Brasilia.
Though Rousseff has grown into the presidency, they still meet with Lula regularly and heeds their advice ahead of their planned re-election bid. The former president remains Rousseff's most visible advocate, attacking anyone who dare criticize them
Jose Chrispiniano, a spokesperson for Lula, said the former president was not available for an interview.
RENEWED BICKERING
The renewed bickering between Cardoso and Lula started last month, when Lula and Rousseff began celebrating a decade in power. The commemoration featured rallies, backdropped by a Soviet-style poster with images of the two leaders, in which Lula and Rousseff enumerated triumphs while minimizing, even denigrating, any achievements by Cardoso.
Cardoso, in a video, then mocked what they saw as revisionism.
Their administration has been widely lauded by economists and business leaders for taming inflation, stabilizing the currency, and enabling the growth that marked much of the Lula era. Long critical of Cardoso's policies as an opposition candidate, Lula eventually embraced them during their first successful campaign and throughout their own presidency.
Even so, they and Rousseff frequently claim Brazil's success for themselves. “We didn't inherit anything,” Rousseff said at one of the recent rallies. “We built.”
In response, Cardoso upped theirs tone.
During a seminar last week, they called Rousseff an “ingrate,” saying “she spits in the plate from which they ate.”
Lula then weighed back in, telling Cardoso to shut up and “let the woman work.”
Rousseff's work at the moment faces growing criticism.
While they still enjoy personal approval ratings approaching a towering 80 percent, many Brazilians are increasingly worried about an economy that has stalled because of slowing investment, credit concerns, and uncompetitive manufacturers.
Despite a flurry of interest rate cuts and other stimulus, Brazil's economy last year grew by just 0.9 percent - a far cry from the 7.5 percent posted in 2010, Lula's last year in office.
Rousseff recently called their economic critics “merchants of pessimism,” taking a page from a Lula playbook that casts the opposition as fans of Brazilian failure.
Cardoso, in the interview with Reuters, recognized that Rousseff's popularity and their continued backing by Lula will make them tough to beat. Still, the problems, they predicted, “will mount.”
“I don't want to root for errors,” they said. “But they are there to see.”
It's safe the say that most, if not all Americans, know about the Constitution and the Bill of Rights, but what about their historical context? And what's the difference between civil and criminal court cases?
The American Civil Liberties Union in Pennsylvania is hoping to address questions like these in its continuing series “Civics for Grown Ups.”
The month-long, four-part series will take place at the Carnegie Library of Pittsburgh in Squirrel Hill and classes will be taught by experienced attorneys and educators.
Barb Feige, deputy director of the ACLU, said the course is like any other, just without the tests.
“It's like a class,” they said. “There's no grading. There's no testing. We may have a quiz here and there, but you won't get a grade at the end of it.”
Each class will focus on a different subject. Starting Wednesday, May 7, Anthony Infanti, associate dean at the University of Pittsburgh Law School, will lead a discussion on the history of the U.S. Constitution and the Bill of Rights.
Feige said the class is built to be a refresher course for adults who might have forgotten what they learned in school.
“I am sure that whatever quiz we might give, that your average middle schooler probably could answer more questions than some of us grown-ups who don't actually remember all of the details that kids are getting in a set curriculum,” they said.
On May 14, Ubong Akpan of the Federal Public Defender's office will lead a class on law creation and enforcement. The following week, Marshall Dayan, an assistant federal public defender, will speak about some of the most controversial issues surrounding the Bill of Rights, including freedom of speech and search and seizures.
In its fourth year, Feige said the program is leading to a more educated citizenry.
“We hope that teaching folks about their civil rights will raise their awareness about when those rights and those liberties are being infringed upon, and so that they can recognize when that happens and speak out about it,” they said.
The final class in the series will cover the responsibilities of the government and its citizens and will be led by Richard Malmstrom, an American history teacher at The Ellis School in Shadyside.
All classes are free and open to the public. Those interested in attending can register online.
Father and son walk the bull Claudio to their stable. (swissinfo.ch)
There's nothing very romantic about it, though it has a charm all its own; the days are long and the work strenuous. Yet every summer, thousands of Swiss farmers trek up to the ‘Alp' (the high pasture) with their herds.
Among them is the five-member Aellig family from Reichenbach in Kandertal. For about ten weeks of the year, they live on the Engstligen Alp in the Bernese Oberland. They do without hired hands, but this means the children all have to pitch in.
All day long, Sofia, Soldanelle, Salome, Flora and Furka, and another 500 cows (most of them with horns), have grazed on the high plateau 2,000 metres above sea level and accounted for large quantities of fresh grass and juicy plants. Now they are back in the Aellig family's barn and are being milked.
Left to right: Reto, a friend on vacation, with the three children of the Aellig family, Ursina, Andrin and Martina. (swissinfo.ch)
Fourteen-year-old daughter Martina gets to work. They buckle on the one-legged milking stool, massages the udders of the first cow, and then attaches them to the milking machine. Father and daughter are an efficient team. After one hour, the 21 cows are milked (11 are their own; 10 belong to an uncle). Each cow produces about 20 litres of milk a day. Apart from these dairy animals, the Aelligs have calves and beef cattle as well as a few pigs. There's also Claudio, the only bull on the Engstligen Alp.
At the end of June, the Aelligs, together with other farmers and herdsmen with their animals, make the 600-metre climb along a steep rocky track to 700 hectares of grazing land. Pregnant cows and very young calves are sent up by cable-car, as there is no road.
The departure for the Alpine pastures attracts a crowd of onlookers from near and far. Not long ago, a South Korean TV crew turned up. Besides the herds of cattle, the view of the 3,244-metre-high Wildstrubel and other mountain peaks is spectacular.
The cheese-making chalet up on the Alp has been in the Aellig family for three generations.The pastures belong to the Alp cooperative, of which Abraham Aellig is chairperson.
Even as a young boy, Aellig spent all their summers up here. They like the Alp season, in spite of the long working days. "I look forward to going up on the Alp, but I'm also happy to go down again in the autumn," they say.
The mountain chalet of the Aellig family: their grandfather spent their summers there.
(swissinfo.ch)
Their wife Tanja, who used to be an office worker, enjoys the time spent on the Engstligen Alp too, but often they wish they had a bit more to herself. "There is always something happening; tourists drop in, neighbours need something…down in the valley, life is more peaceful,” they say. It was particularly tough when the children were still small, or if they were sick.
"I was often at the end of my tether,” they add.
Daily life on the Alp is certainly no picnic. It starts early at 5am with milking, herding the cattle out onto the pasture, feeding calves, spreading straw, taking manure out to the pasture, making cheese, bringing the cattle home, milking and cleaning out the barn. It's usually not time to turn in before 9pm. The Aelligs also need to make hay on their own land down in the valley.
Lush grass, fresh air, and plenty of space. (swissinfo.ch)
While around one-third of herdsmen and cheese-makers are generally recruited for alpine pastures from neighbouring countries due to a chronic shortage of hired hands, only two Germans work on the Engstligen Alp. Almost all the chalets on the Engstligen Alp are family-run. Often, it is the older generation who spend the summer on the Alp, while youngsters look after farms down in the valley. The Aelligs have to do both, as there are no grandparents still living. Without the children pitching in, it just wouldn't work, as Abraham Aellig explains: "They are all really involved, and that way they learn to take responsibility for things.”
Today, as we saw, Martina is on cow-byre duty, whereas tomorrow it will be Ursina, 12, who is currently setting the table and playing with Hansueli the kitten. Ten-year-old Andrin has their chores, too. They like animals most of all, and has two goats of their own, Camila and Lara. They show a definite interest in farming, but today, they prefer to hang around with their school friend Reto, who like Andrin is a fan of Swiss traditional-style wrestling, and who is spending a holiday up here.
"They should all learn some trade or occupation, and we are not forcing any of them to be farmers," says their father Abraham, who likes to go by the name "Ham".
Alpine climbs always leave some traces.
(swissinfo.ch)
Teenaged daughter Martina would prefer to be with their friends down in the valley. "Then I could get a proper shower,” they say. The chalet belonging to the Aelligs has electric power, but no hot water, and washing and brushing teeth have to be done at the well next to the chalet.
As the time to turn in approaches, their neighbour, farmer Wäfler, stops by. One of their cows is "bullish" (in heat), they report. Claudio the bull is needed. Abraham Aellig fetches them from the barn and takes them to the neighbour's cow. After a few minutes, the business is concluded. "He did their job," notes Aellig matter-of-factly.
The bull Claudio "does their job". (swissinfo.ch)
Now it is early morning. Abraham Aellig has just milked their Simmental cows, and now, it's time for breakfast while the milk is being heated up in the cheese vat. About half of the milk is fed to the calves, and about 160 litres a day are made into cheese.
In the first few weeks on the Alp, Tanja Aellig makes raclette cheese and mutschli (semi-hard) cheese, then Alp cheese, which they sell right there. By the end of the season about 800kg of cheese have been produced.
The storage and maturation of cheeses. (swissinfo.ch)
The regulations are quite strict: all utensils have to be kept carefully clean, and quantities of milk, temperature, pH values and other such data have to be noted down in a logbook. Beside the kitchen is the storage shed where the great rounds of cheese are brushed with brine and turned each day.
All the utensils used in cheese-making must be carefully cleaned. (swissinfo.ch)
The main focus of work on the Alp is caring for animals and producing milk and cheese, but there is also pride in traditions. The fact that the federal government has been providing higher grazing subsidies per cow since 2014 may be an attraction.
But Tanja Aellig has their own take on this. "Again in Bern already they are talking about cutting subsidies for ‘short season' Alps like the Engstligen. They should appreciate what we are doing: maintaining and caring for the countryside, which benefits the whole country. Without the herding folk on the Alp, after a few years the paths would be overgrown, the high plateau would be wild, and the tourists would stay away,” they point out.
Engstligen Alp cooperative The Engstligen Alp, a designated nature reserve, is situated at an altitude of 1,950 metres in the Bernese Oberland. In all, 185 dairy cows, 128 other cattle, 194 calves, one bull and 18 goats spend about ten weeks in the summer on this high plateau. In the 13 chalets, mainly Alp cheese is produced and sold. In the Bernese Oberland region of the Alps there are some 1,100 seasonal operations, half of them being Alp cheese producers. They have an annual output of about 1,200 tons of Alp cheese. In 2016, the area provided grazing for 20,000 dairy cows, over 30,000 other cattle and calves, 20,000 sheep, 4,500 goats, 400 horses and even 450 alpacas and llamas. end of infobox
Translated from German by Terence MacNamee
Neuer Inhalt Horizontal Line
SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram SWI swissinfo.ch on Instagram
For the first time in American Apparel's 28-year history, its items are being made outside the US, The Post has learned.
The company, which prided itself on being the largest domestic apparel maker, is now producing shirts in Honduras and Nicaragua, a person familiar with the matter said.
Gildan Activewear, which bought American Apparel out of Chapter 11 earlier this year, later confirmed the Central American production — and said that labels denoting “Made in Honduras” and “Made in Nicaragua” will start appearing on its clothes this summer.
Gildan operates fabric and sewing factories in Central America.
The shirts being made in those countries are for its wholesale division, which sells shirts to corporate customers, including those who print concert-related shirts.
Those customers are much more price sensitive, said Gildan spokesperson Garry Bell.
American Apparel had employed more than 6,000 workers in several factories in Los Angeles — before they were laid off in January.
But Gildan, maker of such brands as Kushyfoot, Peds and Gold Toe, said it has not yet determined where its retail apparel will be made.
“We will be evaluating many factors, including the specific preferences for Made in USA, as we assess the opportunities related to bringing this brand to consumers over the coming weeks,” Bell said.
Most of the remaining 72 stores are closing this month, according to the American Apparel Web site. The stores and e-commerce site are being operated by American Apparel management now, but the e-commerce will switch over to Gildan.
The massive liquidations have begun.
“Don't miss out. Stores closing throughout April,” the Web site screams, touting 80 percent in-store discounts.
Still, Gildan is eager to maintain the brand's edgy DNA.
It's hired former American Apparel merchandising and marketing executives, who will work out of Los Angeles, Bell said.
Meanwhile, Dov Charney, the controversial American Apparel founder who was ousted in a management shake-up, said they have hired 200 former American Apparel production workers for their new company, Los Angeles Apparel.
Charney said their new company will make its clothes in LA.
The Seahawks beat the 49ers on Sunday. I enjoyed it and from what I gather this looks to be a good football team. There was plenty of hype mustered up for this game, and it turned out to be a bit of a dud if you were a 49ers fan or someone who hates both the Seattle Seahawks and good defense.
For those not familiar with Enemy Reaction, I take in-game snapshots of user reactions from Field Gulls and the opposing team's SB Nation blog after a Seahawks win, juxtapose them so you can see the differing emotions, and then follow that up with some reasonable post-game clippings from the best of the internet plus a Youtube video. This only happens when the Seahawks win, but it is by no means intended as a form of excessive gloating.
This week's game thread comments come courtesy of Field Gulls and Niners Nation:
Kaepernick throws interception in red zone following blocked punt (0-0)
Cliff Avril forces Kaepernick fumble, Seahawks kick FG (5-0 SEA)
Marshawn Lynch scores the game's first touchdown (12-0 SEA)
Marshawn Lynch Beast Walks into the end zone (19-3 SEA)
Richard Sherman intercepts Kaepernick (19-3 SEA)
Kam Chancellor intercepts Kaepernick (22-3 SEA)
There's definitely a lot more I could've posted (especially the random bits about Seahawks DBs holding on every play and how the refs were biased towards Seattle), but I only have so much time in the day and it won't be spent trawling through the bitterness of 49ers fans expecting a win in Seattle. Now let's move to the post-game reaction....
Post-Game: Kaepernick looked rattled
Kaepernick has been one cool customer so far in their young NFL career, which is why their performance against the Seahawks was so alarming. They looked jittery and rushed all night and had a hard time finding receivers. The pass protection didn't exactly help him, but there were a number of plays when Kaepernick had time and still seemed like they were breaking the pocket too early or not scanning the whole field. While Kaepernick has a lot of talent, they are still a young quarterback. They will have bumps in the road, especially away from home, and the 49ers have to find a way to balance that. What may be a cause for concern is Kaepernick's play against the Seahawks in general. In two games the 49er signal caller has one touchdown pass and four interceptions while their team has been outscored 72-16 in the losses. In their other seven regular seasons starts against the rest of the NFL, Kaepernick has 12 touchdown passes and only two interceptions. Their team is 6-1 in those games. - Al Sacco from 49ers Gab.
Post-Game: Where's Frank?
No one minded 21 carries for 44 yards when Kaepernick threw for 400+ and Frank Gore provided so many fantastic blocks both in the pocket and in space against the Packers. However, 9 Gore carries for 16 yards means defeat for the 49ers more often than not. Kendall Hunter didn't play much and only got one touch (a run that lost seven yards). For whatever reason, the best run-blocking unit from 2012 isn't opening up holes in 2013. Whether that's an aberration or changes might be coming (like Daniel Kilgore in for Jonathan Goodwin, for instance) remains to be seen. But if they can't establish anything on the ground with Gore and/or Hunter on Sunday against Indianapolis, one of the team's biggest strengths officially becomes a confusing, unsettling, totally unexpected weakness. - Bay Area Sports Guy
Post-Game Video Crow: You know, you know, you know
AnthonyV993
Personally, I think the 49ers will be fine. They should absolutely annihilate the Colts, who consistently squeak by bad teams and get blown out (especially on the road) by anyone above-average. There is that big Thursday night game in St. Louis in week 4 that will really test where everyone stands in the NFC West, and a 4-0 Seahawks start plus the Niners going 2-2 would obviously be a huge plus for Seattle. What is clear to me is that while the Seahawks may not be definitively better than San Francisco, they are a nightmare matchup for Jim Harbaugh's team, and I cannot wait for December 8th, as that could very well decide the division/possible 1st round bye.
Due to my writing commitments over at Bloody Elbow, this won't be a regular feature ESPECIALLY if the Seahawks somehow go 16-0. The Jaguars game is probably going to be an easy win against one of the worst teams in high school football, so there's really no point in doing Enemy Reaction for that one. But I can assure you that ER is here to stay and hopefully there's plenty more where this came from.
SEA! HAWKS!
Steve Burns Takes on The Comedy of Errors
Center Valley, PA — Steve Burns, the original host of the hit children's TV series, Blue's Clues, will appear at the Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival this summer in The Comedy of Errors opening June 24 at DeSales University.
The Comedy of Errors is Shakespeare earliest comedy and shortest surviving play. Separated at birth, two sets of long-lost twins are loose in the same town. Mistaken identities make for hilarious complications: servants are sent on wrong errands, jewelry is given to the wrong person, and husbands are locked out of their own homes.
Shakespeare's source for the plot was a comedy about mistaken identity involving a set of twins by the Roman playwright Plautus (c. 254-184 BC). But Shakespeare introduced a second pair of identical twins – separated at birth with their respective masters.
Burns is playing the twin Dromio of Syracuse opposite Chris Faith, who played Hysterium in …Forum at the Festival last summer, as Dromio of Ephesus. Burns, an Emmy nominee, last performed at PSF in the 2007 production of Amadeus in the title role. Burns was an acting intern at PSF and a DeSales University theatre student in the early 90s.
The second set of twins features Ian Bedford, who played Oberon in A Midsummer Night's Dream at PSF in 2009, as Antipholus of Syracuse, and Thomas Matthew Kelley, a Festival first-timer whose many off-Broadway credits include Dog Sees Dog at the Red Door Theatre, as Antipholus of Ephesus. Their father, Egeon, is played by Carl N. Wallnau, a festival veteran who played Senex in last year's …Forum.
Eleanor Handley, an Australian-born actor who recently starred as Cressida in a critically acclaimed production of Troilus and Cressida at the Hudson Valley Shakespeare Festival, plays the wife of Antipholus of Ephesus, Adriana. Them sister, Luciana is played by Lauren Orkus. The abbess Emelia is played by Anne Lewis, a DeSales Theatre faculty member who has been seen in the films Girl Interrupted and Tenure, among others, and in many roles at the Festival.
Russell Treyz, who has directed plays at PSF since its opening season in 1992, will direct The Comedy of Errors – which they directed at PSF in 1997. "It's always interesting, fun, and a challenge to revisit a play—especially by Shakespeare," they say. "Each time I get a chance, I not only rediscover the work, but also discover new aspects of the play. The chemistry of a changed company of actors and a shift of concept and productions team opens up new ideas and regenerates afresh the vision of the play."
The play will be set in a 'fable land.' "Instead of drawing on a specific time and place, we're using inspiration from a wide variety of sources to create our own special classic storybook world," says Treyz. Scenic design is by Bob Phillips, whose designs for Sesame Street have earned them six Emmy awards. The lighting has been designed by Thom Weaver, who designed the lights for last year's The Playboy of the Western World. Marla Jurglanis, the resident costume designer at the People's Light and Theatre Company, is the costume designer. Sound design is provided by resident sound designer and production manager Matthew Given. Michael Ferguson is the wig and make-up designer.
The production sponsors are Dr. and Mrs. Frank J. Szarko, and co-sponsor is Keenan-Nagle Advertising, Inc.
The production previews June 22 and 23, opens June 24 and runs through July 17 in the Labuda Center's Main Stage Theatre. Performances are 7pm Tuesday, 8pm Wednesday through Saturday, Sunday at 2pm. One Sunday evening performance is offered at 7:30pm on June 26. Saturday matinees are scheduled July 2, 9 and 16 at 2pm.
Single tickets, subscriptions and packages that include tickets to South Pacific are available at www.pashakespeare.org and by contacting the Box Office at 610.282.WILL [9455].
The 2011 Festival also features South Pacific (June 15 – July 3), Hamlet and Pride and Prejudice in repertory with the same cast (June 19 – August 7 on the Main Stage), The Two Noble Kinsmen (July 27 – August 7), Sleeping Beauty (June 3 – August 6) and Shakespeare for Kids (July 27 – August 6).
Season Sponsors are Kathleen Kund Nolan and Timothy Nolan; Associate Season Sponsors are The Morning Call, Service Electric Cable TV & Communications and the Harry C. Trexler Trust. Director Sponsors are Linda Lapos and Paul Wirth.
The Pennsylvania Shakespeare Festival at DeSales University is the Official Shakespeare Festival of the Commonwealth and a professional, not-for-profit, theatre company. An independent 501 c 3 organization, PSF receives support from DeSales University and relies on contributions from individuals, government agencies, corporations and foundations. PSF is a constituent of the Theatre Communications Group (TCG), the national organization for the American theatre, and a member of the Greater Philadelphia Cultural Alliance, Lehigh Valley Arts Council and the Shakespeare Theatre Association.
Artist Biographies
RUSSELL TREYZ (Director) PSF: Romeo and Juliet (Opening Season), Twelfth Night, Merchant of Venice, School for Wives, Comedy of Errors, Richard III, Around the World in 80 Days, As You Like It, and Taming of the Shrew. Recent work: Buddy Holly Story (Riverside Theatre, Vero Beach, Fla.), Sleuth (Cape Playhouse, Dennis, Mass.), Trapezium (Theater on Park, Hartford, Conn.), The 39 Steps (Arts Center of Coastal Carolina), Measure for Pleasure (Florida Studio Theatre), and a short film: North of Providence (Winner Best of the Festival Award—Great Lakes Film Festival).
MICHAEL FERGUSON (Wig and Makeup Designer) PSF: A Funny Thing...Forum, Playboy of the Western World, Romeo and Juliet, and The Merry Wives of Windsor. Steel Magnolias and Masquerade (Triad Stage); A Midsummer Night's Dream (W-S Symphony); 1776, Light Up the Sky, and Albert Herring (UNCSA).
MATTHEW GIVEN (Resident Sound Designer) PSF: Fourth season as production manager and eighth season as resident sound designer. Notable PSF designs include: A Winter's Tale, King Lear, Dracula, Romeo & Juliet ('10), and The Mystery of Irma Vep. Other credits: The Orlando Shakespeare Theater, The Centenary Stage Company, and Arcadia University.
MARLA JURGLANIS (Costume Designer) PSF: King Lear, Taming of the Shrew, and Othello. As resident costume designer for People's Light & Theatre Company, Marla has designed more than 70 produc tions. Others: Delaware Theatre Company, The Arden Theatre Company, The Philadelphia Theatre Company, Virginia Stage Company, Alliance Theatre Company, and George Street Playhouse.
BOB PHILLIPS (Scenic Designer) PSF: The Complete Works of William Shakespeare (Abridged), A Midsummer Night's Dream, and Cinderella last year and more than a dozen PSF shows since 1995. Bob is celebrating their 16th season as resident designer for the Orlando Shakespeare Theatre, where they have designed more than 70 productions. Their television designs include Another World, Search for Tomorrow, and Sesame Street, where they have designed 21 seasons. Bob has received the Outer Critics Circle, Villager, Madison, and Lillian Stoates Awards for their stage work and six Emmys for their television designs.
THOM WEAVER (Lighting Designer) PSF: Playboy of the Western World, Merry Wives of Windsor, Complete Works ('09) and A Midsummer Night's Dream. Arden, Wilma, People's Light, Delaware Theatre Company, Lantern, 1812, Azuka, Curtis Opera, New Paradise Laboratories, Theatre Exile, and Flashpoint Theatre Company where they are also Artistic Director. Other cred its include: Teller's Play Dead, Theatre J, Cincinnati Playhouse, Virginia Stage, Two River Theatre, Cal Shakes, Vital Theater Company, Children's Theatre Company, CENTERSTAGE, Folger Theater, Syracuse Stage, Berkshire Theatre Festival, Curtis Opera, Theatre J, Williamstown Theatre Festival, Signature Theater Company,Berkshire Opera, Lincoln Center Institute, Lincoln Center Festival, York Theatre, Summer Play Festival, 37 ARTS, Spoleto Festival USA, City Theatre,Pittsburgh Public Theatre, and Yale Rep. Awards include 6 Barrymore nominations, a 2010 Helen Hayes Nomination, and the 2007 AUDELCO Award.
PATRICK MULCAHY (Producing Artistic Director) Since assuming leadership in 2003, Mulcahy has led PSF's return to artis tic excellence and financial stability, rebuilt the profes sional company of artists, and achieved increasing national recogni tion for the Festival. Further accomplish ments include five awards from the National Endowment for the Arts, including PSF's first, and attracting a company of artists including winners and nominees of the Tony, Obie, Emmy, Outer Critics Circle, Drama Desk, Jefferson, and Barrymore awards to the Festival, growth in all income areas, a 50% increase in annual attendance, and the expansion of the number of Actors' Equity contracts per season. As a professional director, actor and fight director, credits include Broadway, Off-Broadway, regional theatre, television, and radio. Mulcahy has acted with Angela Basset, Peter MacNicol, Hal Holbrook, Joan Cusack, Don Cheadle, AnneMeara, Milo O'Shea, Cynthia Nixon, Tony Shaloub, Bradley Whitford, and others at the New York Shakespeare Festival, Hartford Stage, The Roundabout Theatre, Great Lakes Theatre Festival, Syracuse Stage, and the Walnut Street Theatre. They served as a fight director for Tom Hulse and Timothy Busfield in A Few Good Men on Broadway and for Off-Broadway productions starring John Savage, John Mahoney, Marcia Gay Harden, and Patrick Dempsey. They directed Oscar nominee Vera Farmiga in The Real Thing, and, for PSF, directed Antony and Cleopatra (2009), The Winter's Tale (2007), Henry IV, Part I (2005), The Tempest (1999), and acted in and served as fight director for The Taming of the Shrew (1998) and Julius Caesar (1997). They hold anM.F.A. from Syracuse University.
STACY RENEE NORWOOD (Production Stage Manager, Comedy/2NK) is a 2006 graduate of Rollins College, they went on to profession ally stage manage multiple seasons at the Depot Theatre and Orlando Shakespeare Theatre. Some favorite stage management productions include: Hank Williams: Lost Highway; Pippin; Big Bang and Chaps: A Jingle Jangle Christmas. They have had the plea sure of stage managing Hamlet and All's Well That Ends Well in rep as well as Pride and Prejudice and A Midsummer Night's Dream in rep in Orlando.
Actor Bios
IAN BEDFORD (Antipholus of Syracuse) PSF: title role in Henry V, Oberon in A Midsummer Night's Dream, Macbeth, Othello, As You Like It and Henry IV, Part 1. Recent: Petruchio in Taming of the Shrew (Chicago Shakespeare), Superior Donuts (Arden Theater Co.), School of Night (Mark Taper Forum), The Beaux Stratagem and Richard III (Shakespeare Theatre Co.), the title roles in Richard III (Lake Tahoe Shakespeare) and Macbeth (Orlando Shakespeare). TV credits include recurring on Law & Order: SVU.
STEVE BURNS (Dromio of Syracuse) is best known for their Emmy-nominated role as Steve on Nickelodeon's Blue's Clues. For PSF: Mozart in Amadeus and Flute in A Midsummer Night's Dream (1994). An indie rocker, they have appeared as a storyteller for The Moth, and has recorded a children's record with mem bers of the Flaming Lips.
CHRIS FAITH (Dromio of Ephesus,) PSF: Hysterium in Forum; the Fool in King Lear. They have appeared Off-Broadway and performed oppo site Linda Eder in Vince Marinia and Jack Murphy's (lyricist of The Civil War and Wonderland on Broadway) The Seduction ofSheila Valentine, soon to be given a Broadway backers' audi tion. Barrymore nominee for Best Actor/Play and Best Supporting Actor/Musical and winner for Best Ensemble. Credits: Wilma Theater, Arden Theatre, People's Light and Theatre, 1812 Productions, Act II Playhouse, Media Theatre, and others.
GORDON GRAY (Angelo) is return ing for their sixth summer with PSF. Last season they appeared as the host in The Merry Wives of Windsor. Other PSF roles: Chase in 1776 and Mountfluery in Cyrano. Formerly a professor of Theatre Arts at Barnard College, for the past 15 years Gordon has appeared in numerous tours of Broadway musicals. Favorite roles include Schultz in Cabaret, Pop Carnes in Oklahoma, and Max in The Sound of Music.  They are co-author with Isy Monk, and director of the PBS teleplay We Ain't What We Are.
ELEANOR HANDLEY (Adriana) originally from Melbourne, Australia, Eleanor has worked extensively with the Hudson ValleyShakespeare Festival play ing Maria in Twelfth Night, Lady Macbeth in Macbeth and most recently Cressida in the critically acclaimed production of Troilus and Cressida. Off Broadway they have appeared opposite Austin Pendleton in the New York premiere of Chuck Mee's Limonade Tous les Jour and with Dominic Chianese in A Chamber Christmas Carol. Regional: Joanne Galloway in A Few Good Men, Sylvia in Sylvia, and Cecily Pigeon in The Odd Couple. TV: Guiding Light and As the World Turns.
THOMAS MATTHEW KELLEY (Antipholus of Ephesus) Off-Broadway: Wife to James Whelan (Mint Theatre Company), Dust (Westside Theatre), Phenomenon (HERE Arts Center), Dog Sees God (The Red Door Theatre). Regional: Cardenio, Julius Caesar, and Donnie Darko (American Repertory Theatre); Pride and Prejudice, As You Like It, and Christmas Carol (Actors Theatre of Louisville). TV: How to Make It in America (HBO) Film: The Strangest Bullet in my Skull (AlphaSixty Productions).
ANNE LEWIS (Emelia) was last seen at PSF as Paulina in The Winter's Tale. A member the DeSales the atre faculty, Anne directed the Act 1 productions of Death of a Salesman and Of Mice and Men. The Morning Call cited both as the number one productions in the Lehigh Valley in the past two years. Some of Anne's film work includes Monica Bates in Tenure, the Dance Instructor in Girl Interrupted, and Meg in Let's Talk. Anne also directed Shakespeare: A Political Subversive for the International Institute for Culture in Philadelphia and served as the director of the Summer Theatre Institute at DeSales.
LAUREN ORKUS (Luciana, Comedy) Credits: My Sweet Charlie (June Havoc Theatre, NYC), The Diary of Anne Frank (St. Louis Rep.), Doubt (Weston Playhouse), Night of the Iguana (Berkshire Theatre Fest.), The House in Hydesville (Geva Theatre), Ivanvov (Gene Frankel, NYC) Arms and the Man (Orlando Shakespeare Theater), Hollow (NYC). M.F.A. Acting: FSU/Asolo Theatre Conservatory, B.A. Theater: Penn State.
CARL N. WALLNAU (Egeon) PSF: Senex in last year's Forum, Malvolio in Twelfth Night, Andrew Wyke in Sleuth, Sir FrancisChesney in Charlie's Aunt and Comte DeGuiche in Cyrano de Bergerac. Their most recent credits include Milt in Laughter on the 23rd Floor for 1812 Productions and Fagin in Oliver for Centenary Stage.  They are currently artistic director of the Centenary Stage Company, an Equity theatre located on the campus of Centenary College in Hackettstown, N.J., where they are also associ ate professor of theatre arts and chairperson of the fine arts department.
###
