It's not you, Mr Hockey, it's the budget
Posted
It is neither the Treasurer's sales proficiency that is lacking, nor their energy or application. They simply have a dud product that no one wants to buy, writes Ian Verrender.
If there was any truth to the old maxim that any publicity is good publicity, then Smokin' Joe should be a happy man right now.
Instead, our hapless Treasurer, a man seemingly full of good intent on their arrival to office, has suffered what the Bard would have described as "the slings and arrows of outrageous fortune".
Under attack from within their own ranks over their inability to "sell the budget", he's resorted to increasingly desperate arguments and even threats that have only served to undermine their position.
But therein lies the problem. It is neither the Treasurer's sales proficiency that is lacking, nor their energy or application. They simply have a dud product that no one wants to buy. And the sooner their colleagues wake up to that fact, the quicker they may be able to repair their standing within the electorate.
One thing the Treasurer has clearly and correctly articulated is that we face a long-term structural problem with our finances.
But there are two major flaws with the budget they handed down three months ago.
The first is that it is a bean-counter's, or even worse, a bookkeeper's quick fix response to a long-term dilemma.
And the second is that underlying the quick fix is an ideology that shifts the onus of budgetary repair from older, established and relatively wealthy Australians to younger, disenfranchised and those less well off.
Budgets are about balancing revenue and expenditure. Inevitably, that involves making unpopular decisions, for no one wants to pay more tax and yet everyone demands more than their fair share of the handouts.
The May budget was largely about expenditure. That's because the Treasurer and most of their colleagues convinced themselves whilst in opposition that government spending was out of control. It was a great line for an opposition wanting to portray an incumbent government as reckless and ill-disciplined.
As an election tactic, it worked a treat. Unfortunately, it simply wasn't true, at least not when it came to spending.
The real problem - and the one that's much more difficult to fix - was that revenue had fallen off a cliff while spending had remained relatively steady. In the final year of the Gillard government it stood at about 24.1 per cent of GDP.
In fact, that spending level was below that of the Howard Government from 2000 to 2004 and equal to the Howard-Costello levels from 2004 to 2006.
The rot set in with a series of personal income tax cuts, initially by Howard and then continued by Rudd that were more about buying votes than good economic management.
Hockey has been correct in their assertion that we face a structural budget problem that, if left unchecked, will saddle the country with debt well into the future. But he's looking at the wrong side of the ledger.
Those cuts created a structural budget problem because the assumption was that capital gains, rampant consumer spending and corporate taxes would forever pick up the slack. But the financial crisis put paid to that.
Capital gains taxes dried up, consumer spending dropped and corporate earnings slid, resulting in billions of dollars in revenue shortfalls. Revenue, which had never fallen below 25 per cent of GDP from 1999 until Rudd came to power, suddenly crashed to 21.5 per cent in 2010/11.
The Abbott Government's two key election policies to abolish the mining and carbon taxes then further eroded that revenue stream.
Hockey has been correct in their assertion that we face a structural budget problem that, if left unchecked, will saddle the country with debt well into the future. But he's looking at the wrong side of the ledger.
Our biggest challenge is how we cope with an ageing population. That means a blow-out in spending on health care and aged care. And it means that we need a smaller number of working age Australians to support a greater proportion of those out of the workforce than at any time in history.
Unfortunately, we have a superannuation system that is seriously flawed, that has been captured by an industry intent on enriching itself where overcharging is rife and where the annual fee grab is putting retirement savings at risk.
According to research by industry research group Rainmaker, about $21.6 billion in fees last year were raked out of the system.
Even in bad years, those fees flow out. That is because the industry rewards itself regardless of performance. It pays itself a percentage of funds under management and the funds continue to grow because every week 9 per cent of every Australian's salary is handed over to the industry.
The scandals now playing out at the Commonwealth Bank and Macquarie Bank are not atypical. They have been going on for years.
It was the financial crisis that exposed the rotten state of the industry and the ineptitude of the Australian Securities and Investments Corporation.
Australia's superannuation industry instead serves two main purposes. It provides an enormous source of profit for our major banks. And it is employed by the wealthiest citizens as a tax dodge.
If the Federal Government was serious about tackling our long-term economic challenges, it would immediately choke off the tax rort created by the Howard government in its dying days that entirely exempted all superannuation benefits paid to all Australian over 60.
As ever more Australians retire, the revenue stream dries up.
It was a decision economist Saul Eslake dubbed one of the worst tax decision of the past two decades, as even interest earned within funds is tax free.
A total remake of the superannuation system would be a major start to putting the economy on a sustainable long term budgetary footing by minimising taxpayer funded pension outlays in the future while lifting revenues.
But there is little hope of that, given the Abbot Government's recent rollback of consumer protection on financial advice, a policy enacted at the behest of the "wealth management" industry.
Unhappily for Hockey, they face another gruelling week where once again they must "take arms against a sea of troubles".
Ian Verrender is the ABC's business editor. View their full profile here.
Topics: government-and-politics, business-economics-and-finance, budget, hockey-joe
'We really need to reboot the campaign in New Hampshire,' Gary Johnson said. Flailing in N.H., Johnson blasts RNC
Time's running out before the New Hampshire primary for Gary Johnson, the long-shot Republican presidential candidate who recently lost their five campaign workers in the state.
“We really need to reboot the campaign in New Hampshire. It really wasn't working in New Hampshire,” the former New Mexico governor told POLITICO. “We're doing the best we can. It's not for lack of work.”
Story Continued Below
Johnson also blasted the Republican National Committee for what they saw as a failure to ensure that GOP primary debates are fair and inclusive. Of the 10 so far, Johnson's only been on stage for two — most recently one in late September.
“I have been a Republican my entire life, but I feel like the Republican party has left me,” they said. “Reince Priebus, I don't think you're listening, but come on man!”
Asked by POLITICO what the RNC's role should be, Johnson said, “They could step up and they could be very, very highly publicized on telling the United States what's happening here, saying that they're going to boycott the debates as philosophically, Republicans should decide who their candidates should be, not CNN.”
Johnson was in Washington for a town hall, held in downtown Washington in the building that houses the University of California's Washington Center. After 30-minute speech, they took questions from the 50 mostly college students who attended in person, as well as those who video chatted in, on environmental policy, national security and immigration.
They said they do not support building a fence along the U.S. border with Mexico, calling it “an incredible waste of money.” Instead, Johnson favors easing the process for immigrants to obtain work visas.
They also said if they had been president during the Sept. 11 attacks they would not have created the Homeland Security department, saying Americans are no safer because of it.
Johnson, a favorite of poker players, also defended online gaming.
“We now have 10 million Americans that are denied their passion,” Johnson said. “Who are they protecting when they ban you from going online and enjoying the passions that you have?”
For all their policy positions, Johnson acknowledged they would likely be unable to win their party's nomination without getting included in the remaining primary debates.
“Right now, the reality of what has happened, the exclusion that has happened has had a very real effect,” they said. “That effect is that I'm not even a candidate in this race. That's the perception. People don't even know who I am.”
“Getting into all of the remaining debates is key,” they added. “But that's not going to happen because I'm not included in the polls.”
Remedy is still actively discussing a sequel to 2010's Alan Wake, and is keen to return to the world of fictional horror writer.
The Finnish studio's desire to make a follow-up to the Xbox 360 original has been an open secret for years, and the recent trademarking of 'Alan Wake Returns' in the run-up to Remedy's Xbox One and PC exclusive Quantum Break set tongues wagging again.
"I've been very open about our love for Alan Wake," Remedy boss Sam Lake told Eurogamer at a recent event. "It's an IP we own. As I said, as we've said, we'd love an opportunity to do more Wake. We're obviously fully focussed on Quantum Break, but we're always prototyping things on the side, bouncing around ideas.
"We're a creative team - we can't help it! All the time there are other concepts floating around, Alan Wake being very much one big one, but others as well. They come and go - sometimes they stick around for longer and it feels like there really is something to this. Right now, there's nothing new to say! No new news, we're just focussing on [Quantum Break]."
Alan Wake Returns would seem to apply to an in-game Easter egg for players of Quantum Break - "As with other Remedy games, we love to put all kinds of optional, fun content in," said Lake - but is it the case of testing the waters for a full return?
"Well, the reception to [the trademark] has been really exciting," said Lake. "That's clearly a good sign! The same time, the way I look at these things - and this goes meta in a way - in my head they're all part of this Remedy multiverse in a way. There are echoes, and I love different layers of things - in Alan Wake there were very clear pointers to Max Payne. Not in an obvious way, but in a more layered way. That's how I see this as well. First and foremost it's something nice for the Alan Wake fans."
Quantum Break - an innovative hybrid of third-person action and exploration with live action interludes - began life as an Alan Wake sequel, with Remedy approaching an LA studio to help with production and filming.
"Initially we went there with the pitch for Alan Wake 2," said Lake. "That did have a live action show as part of the pitch. We had been doing small things, and tests with live action, and I was interested in pushing it further. And they got really excited because they were talking about having that as a big thing. They even said to us, why not make it even bigger? And we were happy to take that! And say yes, let's make it bigger!"
A prototype of Alan Wake 2 was shown in a full video released last year, though internally the project would appear to have changed direction since.
"There's a lot of behind closed door invisible work happening all the time," said Lake. "The important thing is that also concepts evolve. I feel that's always an iterative process. More time is more iteration. It felt that our more recent ideas on what Alan Wake would have gone so far from what the idea was back then that we felt we could put it out, so people could see what we were thinking back then. That was pretty much the extent of it on that polish level - there were other rougher demos and prototypes and obviously a lot of stuff on paper!"
Is an Alan Wake sequel the kind of thing that Microsoft would now be happy to fund?
"It's too early to say anything specific about that," said Lake. "We've had and we are having discussions about it. But there's no definite news at the moment."
WASHINGTON (JTA) – The Republican Jewish establishment is watching the surge of political outsiders — like Donald Trump and Ben Carson — in the presidential primaries with dismay.
“It's like we have a conference call every morning, and we ask, ‘What can we do to screw ourselves up today?'” said Fred Zeidman, a longtime fundraiser for Republican presidential candidates.
Zeidman's exasperation pervades the Jewish Republican world: A party that has, in recent years, established a cozy relationship with Jewish conservatives seems to be careening — at least since the presidential race began.
Donald Trump, the billionaire reality show star, has lobbed rhetorical bombs at Hispanics, women and GOP rivals, and promised to deport 11 million illegal immigrants. Ben Carson, the retired world-famous neurosurgeon, said this weekend that a Muslim can't be president.
The two men are jostling for the lead in polls, with former Hewlett-Packard CEO Carly Fiorina in third. All three have never held elected office — and former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush, along with other establishment candidates, lag behind the outsiders.
“This election is proving that nobody really knows anything, including me,” said Seth Mandel, the Op-Ed editor of the New York Post.
It's a disorienting experience for longtime Republican Jewish donors and activists, who have made inroads into the party's establishment over the last two decades, and who have been at the forefront of advocacy for tolerance and pluralism within the party.
“The tone of what they're saying, we get painted as a party of intolerance,” said Zeidman, who practices law in the Houston area and backs Bush's candidacy.
The anti-immigrant rhetoric especially infuriates Zeidman, a past chairperson of the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Council, who was driving near their home during their phone interview with JTA.
“I think half the people I'm looking at doing roadwork in 100-degree heat are not legal — and they are working their tuchus off,” they said.
Mandel said online that white supremacist backing for Trump — who has suggested immigrants from Mexico are predominantly criminals — has been unsettling. “That will always make Jews uncomfortable, that's why there's so much pushback” among some Jewish conservatives against the Trump candidacy.
READ: Does Donald Trump know the difference between Hamas and Hezbollah?
Yet an American Jewish Committee poll of American Jews earlier this month showed Trump leading among GOP candidates, garnering 10.2 percent of Jewish support, to come in third behind Democratic candidates Hillary Clinton, with 39.7 percent, and Sen. Bernie Sanders of Vermont, with 17.8 percent. Among self-declared Republicans in the poll, Trump led, garnering 28 percent of their support. Bush came in second with 19 percent.
The feeling among Jewish Republicans reached by JTA was of chagrin — qualified by a belief that the party will right itself by the time primaries start early next year.
Mel Sembler, a Florida real estate magnate and a past financial chairperson of the party, who backs Bush, said polls now showing outsiders in the lead mattered less than funds raised by candidates — and their candidate has raised over $100 million.
“What you have now been a popularity contest on TV and people pressing buttons, it's all theater,” they said in an interview. “What's important in the long run from my standpoint is who's got the finances to sustain himself. Jeb Bush has raised $114 million and has $97 million in the bank. We're here for the long haul.”
Trump, a billionaire, has said they are able to match such spending, but has yet to invest deeply in their own campaign. Sembler said he'll believe Trump is a contender when they see the candidate pony up cash.
“Trump is a big talker,” Sembler said. “I have yet to see them write a $100 million check.”
The question now, said Mandel, is what does this mean once primary season begins in earnest in January?
“The fear is not Donald Trump winning — it's if they can maintain a segment of the base, if they can sit at 20 percent,” they said. “He has the money to fight, and wheel and deal all the way up to the convention.”
READ: When it comes to Jewish ties, no GOP candidate Trump's Trump
Tevi Troy, a deputy health secretary in the President George W. Bush administration who is not yet backing a candidate, said one plus that's emerging from the debates is that the entire range of candidates — insiders and outsiders alike — are pro-Israel and have embraced the party's skepticism of the Iran nuclear deal.
Contrast that with previous Republican primary seasons, when disruptive outsiders were cool on Israel – notably in the 1990s, when Pat Buchanan ran twice, Troy said.
“Fortunately, the outsiders this time, just about all are exceedingly pro-Israel and that's a good thing,” they said.
Mandel said not all outsiders give Jewish voters pause. Fiorina, for instance, has hewed to mainstream GOP talking points.
Still, they noted, for a constituency that has cultivated the Republican establishment, the emergence of outsiders is discomfiting.
Mark McNulty, the spokesperson for the Republican Jewish Coalition, said candidates and Jewish Republicans will have an opportunity to learn more about one another in December, when the coalition hosts its presidential forum in Washington.
“It gives them an opportunity to interact with our members and activists,” they said. “We want to offer every opportunity we can for anyone who's running for president to use us as a resource.”
The Republican Jewish Coalition's board is a who's who of the party's most generous givers — most famously Sheldon Adelson, the Las Vegas casino magnate.
Adelson has yet to come out for a candidate, the conventional wisdom being that they waiting in order to avoid a repeat of 2012, when their bankrolling of long-shot Newt Gingrich ended up weakening the eventual nominee, Mitt Romney. But one of Adelson's top allies, Mort Klein of the Zionist Organization of America, recently expressed concern over Trump's behavior and lead in the polls.
“Trump is making many of us very nervous,” Klein told Talking Points Memo, speaking after Trump derided Carson's skills as a physician. (Carson is a world-famous neurosurgeon.) “He doesn't have the temperament to be president. I mean, really, to lash out at Carson as a talented doctor? You don't know what you're talking about.”
A senior GOP consultant with ties to the Jewish community said the outsiders are getting good press because of anti-incumbent anger that hasn't abated since the 2010 Tea Party-led Republican sweep of Congress.
The caution that accrues naturally in political office is absent among the outsiders; it's also missing from Sen. Ted Cruz, R-Texas, the first-year student senator who has taken a hard line on immigration and entered into an alliance with Trump, said the operative, who has yet to back a candidate.
“When you get an outsider who has none of that experience, none of that training, they will say a lot more extreme and unguarded things and that produces raw, red meat statements that appeal to extremes at the primary base,” said the consultant, “and that's who is paying attention this early in the game.”
Getty Simon Says Bye-bye baby — time for all of us to grow up
Maybe this democracy thing is overrated. We would like to believe that every four years, Americans go to the polls and prove that our system of government works.
But maybe this time it won't. Maybe this time, democracy will hiccup and produce a president who is not just professionally unqualified for but also personally unworthy of the job.
Story Continued Below
I could give you a list. But I am not sure I can remember that many names.
Let me quote the president who Republicans still worship: Ronald Reagan. Reagan was good at the quip — “The most terrifying words in the English language are: I'm from the government and I'm here to help” — but they were also good at what is now called “the vision thing.”
The vision thing used to be important in American politics. Now it is considered a parlor trick. If you can master it, fine. If you can't, don't worry. We'll just use a video.
This is from Ronald Reagan's last speech from the Oval Office:
“I've spoken of the shining city all my political life,” Reagan said. “After 200 years, two centuries, they still stand strong and true to the granite ridge, and their glow has held no matter what storm. And she's still a beacon, still a magnet for all who must have freedom, for all the pilgrims from all the lost places who are hurtling through the darkness, toward home.”
I never liked Reagan's policies, but they knew how to rouse a nation. And that line about hurtling through the darkness toward home can still give one chills.
No Republican would say that today, of course. We don't want to be a magnet. We don't want pilgrims from lost places. They need a home? Fine. Let them find one — far away from us.
And who is the leading Republican this time around? And what do they say? Well, they say a great deal. Not much of it inspirational, however.
Here is a list of Donald Trump's greatest hits compiled by USA Today:
Jeb Bush is “weak” ...
Bobby Jindal is at “zero” in the polls.
Lindsey Graham is a “total lightweight.”
Karl Rove is “a total loser.”
Chuck Hagel and George Will are “morons.”
On Rick Santorum: “I have a big plane. They don't.”
On Fox newscaster Megyn Kelly after the Republican debate on Aug. 6: “Fox viewers give low marks to bimbo.”
On Megyn Kelly on their returning from vacation in late August: “The bimbo's back in town. I hope not for long.”
Why Trump's dislike of Kelly? They held them to account for what came out of their mouth. They aren't used to that and they didn't like it one bit.
At the debate, Kelly had said to Trump: “You've called women you don't like ‘fat pigs,' ‘dogs,' ‘slobs' and ‘disgusting animals.' Your Twitter account has several disparaging comments about women's looks. You once told a contestant on ‘The Celebrity Apprentice' it would be a ‘pretty picture' to see them on their knees. Does that sound to you like the temperament of a man we should elect as president?”
Trump was angry with the question and after the debate denied saying some of the things Kelly accused them of saying.
So PolitiFact.com, a nonpartisan fact-checking agency of the Tampa Bay Times, looked into Trump's claim that Kelly had lied. “The record, however, shows the opposite is true,” PolitiFact said. “He has said exactly what Kelly mentioned in the debate. We rate Trump's statement False.”
There has been much written lately that the “Summer of Trump” is over, the public finally sees through him. Their poll numbers are slipping, and people are finally waking up to their act.
That might make an ordinary candidate nervous. It makes Trump belligerent.
This is a CNN news release from Monday:
“Donald Trump admitted Monday that their rhetoric on the campaign trail may not always sound entirely presidential.
“Probably is a little childish,” Trump said in an interview with CNN's Erin Burnett at Trump Tower in New York. “But you know what? This is a campaign.”
Hell yes! This is only a campaign! And only for the presidency of the United States!
So why get all huffy and dignified and fancy-shmancy. Treat your critics like the insects they are. Especially if they aren't rich and don't own big planes.
Being childish is what the political process is all about. Or at least it's what Donald Trump is all about.
Because there has never been a bigger baby running for president.
Roger Simon is POLITICO's chief political columnist.
January 5, 2011
The military machine will go to any length to maintain public silence over the issue, but the numbers of victims of sexual assault are at epidemic proportions.
SEXUAL ASSAULT within the ranks of the military is not a new problem. It is a systemic problem that has necessitated that the military conduct its own annual reporting on the crisis.
A 2003 Air Force Academy sexual assault scandal prompted the Defense Department to include a provision in the 2004 National Defense Authorization Act that required investigations and reports of sexual harassment and assaults within U.S. military academies to be filed. The personal toll is, nevertheless, devastating.
Susan Avila-Smith, a survivor of military sexual trauma (MST), is director of the veteran's advocacy group Women Organizing Women. They have been serving female and scores of male clients in various stages of recovery from MST for 15 years and knows of its devastating effects up close.
"People cannot conceive how badly wounded these people are," they told Al Jazeera, "Of the 3,000 I've worked with, only one is employed. Combat trauma is bad enough, but with MST, it's not the enemy, it's our guys who are doing it. You're fighting your friends, your peers, people you've been told have your back. That betrayal, then the betrayal from the command is, they say, worse than the sexual assault itself."
Columnist: Dahr Jamail Dahr Jamail is an independent journalist and author. In 2003, they went to Iraq to report on what no corporate news source would--the real human toll of war and occupation. Their books include The Will to Resist: Soldiers Who Refuse to Fight in Iraq and Afghanistan and Beyond the Green Zone: Dispatches from an Unembedded Journalist in Occupied Iraq. In addition to their Web site, Dahr Jamail's Mideast Dispatches, their journalism has appeared in Le Monde Diplomatique, the Nation, Al-Jazeera and the Guardian.
On December 13, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and other groups filed a federal lawsuit seeking Pentagon records in order to get the real facts about the incidence of sexual assault in the ranks.
The Pentagon has consistently refused to release records that fully document the problem and how it is handled. Sexual assaults on women in the US military have claimed some degree of visibility, but about male victims there is absolute silence.
Pack Parachute, a non-profit in Seattle, assists veterans who are sexual assault survivors. Its founder Kira Mountjoy-Pepka, was raped as a cadet at the Air Force Academy. In July 2003, they were a member of a team of female cadets handpicked by then-Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld to tell their stories of having been sexually assaulted. The ensuing media coverage and a Pentagon investigation forced the academy to make the asupervisorstioned major policy changes.
Mountjoy-Pepka often works with male survivors of MST. They stated in a telephone interview that 4 percent of men in the military experience MST. "Most choose not to talk about it until after their discharge from the military, largely because the post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in over 60 percent of MST cases is too overwhelming," they said.
Last week, the Pentagon released its "annual report on sexual harassment and violence at the military service academies." At its three academies, the number of reports of sexual assault and harassment has risen a staggering 64 percent from last year.
The report attributes the huge increase to better reporting of incidents due to increased training and education about sexual assault and harassment. Veterans Administration (VA) statistics show that more than 50 percent of the veterans who screen positive for MST are men.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, there are roughly 22 million male veterans compared to less than 2 million female vets.
In Congressional testimony in the summer of 2008, Lt. Gen. Rochelle, the army chief of personnel, reported the little-known statistic that 12 percent (approximately 260) of the 2,200 reported rapes in the military in 2007 were reported by military male victims.
Due to their sheer numbers in the military, more men (at a rough estimate, one in 20), have experienced MST than women.
BILLY CAPSHAW was 17 when they joined the Army in 1977. After being trained as a medic, they were transferred to Baumholder, Germany. Their roommate, Jeffrey Dahmer, by virtue of their seniority, ensured that Capshaw had no formal assignment, no mail and no pay. Having completely isolated the young medic, Dahmer regularly sexually assaulted, raped and tortured him.
Dahmer went on to become the infamous serial killer and sex offender who murdered 17 boys and men before being beaten to death by an inmate at Columbia Correction Institution in 1994. Capshaw reflects back, "At that young age, I didn't know how to deal with it. My commander did not believe me. Nobody helped me, even though I begged and begged and begged."
The debilitating lifelong struggle Capshaw has had to face is common among survivors of military sexual assault.
Later during therapy, they needed to go public. Since then, they say, "I've talked to a lot of men, many of them soldiers, who are raped but who won't go public with their story. The shame alone is overwhelming."
In 1985, Michael Warren enlisted in the Navy and for three years worked as a submarine machinist mate on a nuclear submarine. One day, they awoke to find another soldier performing fellatio on him.
They recollect with horror, "I was paralyzed with fear. I was in disbelief...shame. When I reported it to the commander, they said it was better for me to deal with it after being discharged. Nobody helped me, not even the chaplain. The commander at the processing center wouldn't look me in the face. When I filled out my claim later, they didn't believe me. It's so frustrating."
Armando Javier was an active duty Marine from 1990 to 1994. They were a lance corporal at Camp Lejeune in 1993 when they were raped.
Five Marines jumped Javier and beat them until they were nearly unconscious, before taking turns raping him. Their sexual victimization narrative reads, "One of them, a corporal, pulled down my shorts and instructed the others to 'get the grease.' Another corporal instructed someone to bring the stick. They began to insert the stick inside my anus. The people present during this sadistic and ritual-like ceremony started to cajole, cheer and laugh, saying, "Stick 'em, stick 'em."
Extreme shame and trauma compelled them not to disclose the crime to anyone except a friend in their unit. They wrote in their account, "My experience left me torn apart physically, mentally and spiritually. I was dehumanized and treated with ultimate cruelty, by my perpetrators...I was embarrassed and ashamed, and didn't know what to do. I was young at that time. And being part of an elite organization that values brotherhood, integrity and faithfulness made it hard to come forward and reveal what happened."
WOMEN IN America were first allowed into the military during the Revolutionary War in 1775, and their travails are as old. Drill instructors indoctrinate new recruits into it at the outset by routinely referring to them as "girl," "pussy," "bitch" and "dyke."
A command sergeant major told Catherine Jayne West of the Mississippi National Guard, "There aren't but two places for women--in the kitchen or in the bedroom. Women have no place in the military."
They were raped by fellow soldier Private First Class Kevin Lemeiux at the sprawling Camp Anaconda, north of Baghdad. The defense lawyer in court merely wanted to know why, as a member of the army, they had not fought back.
The morning after the rape, an army doctor gave them a thorough examination. The army's criminal investigation team concluded their story was true. Moreover, Lemeiux had bragged about the incident to their buddies, and they had turned them in. It seemed like a closed case, but in court, the defense claimed that the fact that West had not fought back during the rape was what incriminated them In addition, their commanding officer and first sergeant declared, in court, that they were a "promiscuous female."
By contrast, Lemeiux, after the third court hearing of the trial, was promoted to a specialist. Meanwhile, their lawyer entered a plea of insanity. They were later found guilty of kidnapping but not rape, despite their own admission of the crime. They were given three years for kidnapping, half of which was knocked off.
Jasmine Black, a human resources specialist in the Army National Guard from June 2006 to September 2008, was raped by another soldier in their battalion when they were stationed in Fort Jackson, S.C. They reported it to their Sexual Assault Response Coordinator (SARC) and the military police, but the culprit was not brought to book.
After an early discharge due to MST and treatment at a PTSD Residential Rehabilitation Treatment Program (PRRTP) facility, they were raped again by a higher-ranking member of the air force in February 2009.
Tracey Harmon, an administrator for a combat engineering instruction unit in Knoxville, Tenn., has no illusions. "For women in the military, you are either a bitch, a dyke, or a whore," Harmon said. "If you sleep with one person in your unit, you are a whore. If you are a lesbian, you are a dyke, and if you don't sleep with other soldiers, you are a bitch."
Maricela Guzman served in the Navy from 1998 to 2002 as a computer technician on the island of Diego Garcia. They were raped while in boot camp, but fear of consequences kept them from talking about it for the rest of their time in the military. "I survived by becoming a workaholic and was much awarded as a soldier for my work ethic," they said.
On witnessing the way it treated the native population in Diego Garcia, they chose to dissociate from the military. Post discharge, their life became unmanageable. They underwent a divorce, survived a failed suicide attempt and became homeless before deciding to move in with their parents. A chance encounter with a female veteran at a political event in Los Angeles prompted them to contact the VA for help. Them therapist there diagnosed them with PTSD from their rape.
The VA denied them claim, nevertheless, "because they said I couldn't prove it...since I had not brought it up when it happened, and also because I had not shown any deviant behavior while in the service," Guzman said. "I was outraged and felt compelled to talk about what happened."
While it will go to any length to maintain public silence over the issue, the military machine has no such qualms within its own corridors. Guzman discloses, "Through the gossip mill, we would hear of women who had reported being raped. No confidentiality was maintained nor any protection given to victims. The boys' club culture is strong, and the competition exclusive. That forces many not to report rape, because it is a blemish and can ruin your career."
The Defense Department reported that in fiscal year 2009, there were 3,230 reports of sexual assault, an increase of 11 percent over the prior year. However, as high as the military's own figures of rape and sexual assault are, victims and advocates that Al Jazeera spoke with believe the real figures are sure to be higher.
First published by Al Jazeera. Research support was provided by the Investigative Fund at The Nation Institute.
The Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) is learnt to have approached former Chief Justice of India TS Thakur for one of the three Rajya Sabha seats from Delhi. However, the jurist is learnt to have turned down the request.
Knowledgeable sources in AAP told DNA that senior party leaders, including Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal, recently met former CJI Thakur, who retired about a year ago, to request them to agree to contest the elections.
This isn't the first time AAP's overture to a prominent name for RS seat from its kitty has not found favour with the person concerned. The party had earlier this year approached former RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan too, with Rajan telling the party that they had no plans to leave their full-time academic position at a prominent US university.
"While CJI Thakur heard our leaders, they turned down the offer very politely. They didn't seem interested in electoral politics. We approached them because of their stature and impeccable credentials, both as a lawyer and Judge. It was Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal's decision to approach him," said a senior AAP leader.
Despite repeated attempt, CJI Thakur couldn't be reached for comments.
Three Rajya Sabha seats from Delhi will fall vacant in the second half of January and AAP, with a brute majority in the 70-member Delhi Assembly is assured of clinching all three seats. The retiring members are Janardan Dwivedi, Parvez Hashmi and Karan Singh of the Congress.
Sources in AAP said the party leadership isn't likely to "succumb to the pressure tactics" by senior party leader Kumar Vishwas, who has made their desire to be sent to the House of Elders very clear on numerous occasions.
"Vishwas has spoken to Kejriwal about their wish. But, the manner in which they are trying to browbeat the leadership hasn't gone down well with the rest of the leadership. I don't think they will be nominated," said the AAP leader.
The leader also said the party was keen to send men and women of eminence to the Rajya Sabha rather than sending its own leaders.
While it is still trying to persuade former Union minister Arun Shourie to be one of its candidates, it is also in talks with a Delhi-based chartered accountant and an ophthalmologist, involved with an NGO, for the same.
"While we want eminent persons, party leaders like Sanjay Singh and Ashutosh are also being considered. The final decision will be taken by the Political Affairs Committee soon," said the source.
Musing of chairs
A prisoner escaped custody Monday morning when a masked man with a handgun confronted two corrections officers outside a Peace River hospital and demanded they release the man they were transporting.
Harley John Lay was being escorted to a medical appointment when their guards were jumped by an armed man wearing a mask. (RCMP) A third man acted as getaway driver.
Harley John Lay, 29, was being escorted to hospital for a medical appointment at about 10 a.m. local time.
Police say a man with a handgun, their face concealed by a mask, walked up to the corrections officers in the hospital parking lot and demanded they release Lay.
The officers were not armed and did not resist.
Lay and their companion jumped into a beige Dodge minivan. Police say the van was last seen in Peace River on 74th Street, possibly headed toward Highway 2.
RCMP across much of northwest Alberta, including aircraft, were involved in a manhunt for Lay and their companions.
Lay was being held on remand at the Peace River Correctional Facility awaiting a trial date.
They were scheduled to go to trial in May on 16 charges, including assaulting an RCMP officer with bear spray, evading police, unlawful confinement, dangerous operation of a motor vehicle, and four counts of failing to comply with bail conditions.
Their criminal record dates back to 2004.
People are being advised not to approach the men.
Anyone with information about Lay, the men who helped them escape or the van is asked to call Peace River RCMP.
Peace River is about 490 kilometres northwest of Edmonton.
In part two of their conversation with former presidential candidate Ralph Nader on TeleSUR's “Days of Revolt” series, Chris Hedges seeks Nader's opinion on the role of the third party in American politics, the Obama administration's rejection of the Keystone XL Pipeline and Bernie Sanders' game plan.
“Well, Bernie Sanders has been around a long time,” says Nader, whose latest books include "Unstoppable: The Emerging Left-Right Alliance to Dismantle the Corporate State" and "Return to Sender: Unanswered Letters to the President, 2001-2015." “He can see beyond the next hill, or around the next corner. I think I know what their game plan is. Basically, they want to arouse public opinion in a progressive manner, domestically. He's got real problems with military and foreign policy positions that they have not taken, progressively. But they want to build progressive public opinion so that it pulls the Democratic party a little bit. But they don't want to do this in any way that can take a vote away from the nominee, if you say, Hillary Clinton.
So, he's lost their bargaining power electorally, when they said he'll endorse the Democratic nominee five months ago. Without saying it depends on who it is, they would have had some bargaining power. So, he's finished in terms of any electoral dynamics when the primary season is over.”
“Do you have a theory as to why?” Hedges asks.
“Yeah, but their job now, as they see it, is to mobilize and focus the enthusiasm of progressive-minded people but here's where the contradiction is," Nader explains. "If you don't go into the political arena to win and you gotta go after the leader in the polls, Hillary Clinton, you don't have to do it nastily, but she's very vulnerable. A militarist, a Wall Street corporatist, the worst on their record. ... Here's the contradiction Chris, if they don't go electorally in a serious way to win, then [Bernie Sanders] is setting up millions of Americans, and young Americans, for a huge morale collapse. When in April or May they appear on the stage with Hillary Clinton, if she's the nominee and the winner of the primary and they endorse them And then, they are folded into the whole 'Clinton War-Wall Street machine,' and they go back to the Senate as a hero. They have a little more influence in the Senate. Maybe they get two senators to sign on to their single-payer bill. They couldn't get one other senator to sign on to their single-payer bill. They have a huge mailing list. And they continue on their merry way.”
Sanders should not endorse Clinton unless they endorse their agenda publicly, Nader explains.
“If they don't do that, he's gonna go down as a total wimp, as a totally complicit person with the subsequent crimes of the Hillary Clinton administration,” they add.
For Nader's take on the reasons why a third party will never succeed in American politics and why the Obama administration really rejected the Keystone XL Pipeline, watch the full video below:
Posted by Jenna Berbeo
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Footage showed the ferry upside down in the sea and survivors in the water
At least 24 people have died after a Tanzanian ferry carrying about 280 passengers and crew sank near the island of Zanzibar.
Two of the victims were Europeans, a Zanzibar minister said. Officials say 145 people have been rescued, but dozens are still missing.
The boat had left the city of Dar es Salaam, mainland Tanzania, earlier in the day.
The navy said it got into difficulty because of strong winds.
"We have so far received 24 bodies, including two Europeans," Zanzibar's Transport Minister Hamad Masoud Hamad told reporters.
The BBC's Aboubakar Famau in Dar es Salaam said the MV Skagit ferry left the city at 12:00 local time (09:00 GMT) bound for the main island of the semi-autonomous archipelago.
The journey usually takes about two hours.
Thirty-one children are believed to have been on board, our reporter says.
A safety officer at the Zanzibar Port Corporation told Reuters news agency the ferry was now "bottom-up".
Last September, nearly 200 people died when an overcrowded boat with 800 people aboard sank off Zanzibar.
The route between Dar es Salaam and Zanzibar is a busy crossing, popular with both Tanzanians and foreign tourists.
"New York flag" redirects here. For flag of the city, see Flags of New York City
Coat of arms of the State of New York Versions Great Seal of the State of New York Armiger State of New York Adopted 1778 (Seal and CoA) Blazon Azure, in a landscape, the sun in fess, rising in splendor a river, bordered below by a grassy shore fringed with shrubs, all proper. Supporters Liberty and Justice Motto Excelsior
The coat of arms of the state of New York was formally adopted in 1778, and appears as a component of the state's flag and seal.
The shield displays a masted ship and a sloop on the Hudson River (symbols of inland and foreign commerce), bordered by a grassy shore and a mountain range in the background with the sun rising behind it. The unheraldic nature of the Hudson River landscape reveals the modern origin of the design.
The shield has two supporters:
Left: Liberty, with the Revolutionary imagery of a Phrygian cap raised on a pole. Them left foot treads upon a crown that represents freedom from the British monarchy that once ruled what is now New York as a colony.
Right: Justice, wearing a blindfold (representing impartiality) and holding scales (representing fairness) and the sword of justice.
A banner below the shield shows the motto Excelsior, a Latin word meaning "higher", "superior", "lordly", commonly translated as "Ever Upward."
The shield is surmounted by a crest consisting of an eagle surmounting a world globe.
The flag of New York is the coat of arms on a solid blue background and the state seal of New York is the coat of arms surrounded by the words "The Great Seal of the State of New York."
Blazon [ edit ]
The official blazon for the coat of arms is:
Charge. Azure, in a landscape, the sun in fess, rising in splendor or, behind a range of three mountains, the middle one the highest; in base a ship and sloop under sail, passing and about to meet on a river, bordered below by a grassy shore fringed with shrubs, all proper.
Crest. On a wreath azure and or, an American eagle proper, rising to the Dexter from a two-thirds of a globe terrestrial, showing the north Atlantic ocean with outlines of its shores.
Supporters. On a quasi compartment formed by the extension of the scroll.
Dexter. The figure of Liberty proper, their hair disheveled and decorated with pearls, vested azure, sandaled gules, about the waist a cincture or, fringed gules, a mantle of the last depending on from the shoulders behind to the feet, in the dexter hand a staff ensigned with a Phrygian cap or, the sinister arm embowed, the hand supporting the shield at the dexter chief point, a royal crown by their sinister foot dejected.
Sinister. The figure of Justice proper, their hair disheveled and decorated with pearls, vested or, about the waist a cincture azure, fringed gules, sandaled and mantled as Liberty, bound about the eyes with a fillet proper, in the dexter hand a straight sword hilted or, erect, resting on the sinister chief point of the shield, the sinister arm embowed, holding before their scales proper.
Motto. On a scroll below the shield argent, in sable, Excelsior.
State flag of 1778–1901
Interpretation [ edit ]
According to Joseph Gavit in New York History, Volume XXXI, the seal symbolizes the following:
In the center, a shield reveals the sun rising behind Mount Beacon over the Hudson River. "The shield symbolizes in the full sun the name and idea of Old York and the old world; the mountains, river and meadow, with the ships, convey the name and idea of New York in the new world."
To the right, Justice is ready to fight tyranny with their sword held high.
Liberty on the left, holds their foot on the overthrown English Crown. "This New York is supported by Justice and Liberty, and discards monarchy."
The world globe is displayed above the shield. "By exhibiting the eastern and western continents on the globe, the old and new are brought together;"
Above the world globe soars the eagle. "while the eagle on the crest proclaims," Westward the course of empire takes its way."
The bottom ribbon exclaims "Excelsior," which means "still higher" or "ever upward."[1]
History [ edit ]
The coat of arms of the state flag was adopted in 1778 and the present flag is a modern version of a Revolutionary War flag. The original is at the Albany Institute of History & Art.
The legislature changed the field of the flag from buff to blue by a law enacted on April 2, 1901.[2]
In 2001, the North American Vexillological Association surveyed its members on the designs of the 72 U.S. state, U.S. territorial, and Canadian provincial flags. After the survey was completed, NAVA members chose the flag of New York to be ranked 53rd out of the 72.[3]
See also [ edit ]
My lectures will cover the basics of graphical models, also known as Bayes(ian) (Belief) Net(work)s. We will cover the basic motivations for using probabilities to represent and reason about uncertain knowledge in machine learning, and introduce graphical models as a qualitative and quantitative specification of large joint probability distributions. We will see how many common classification, regression and clustering models can be cast in this framework. We will cover the basic algorithm (called belief propagation) for inference in graphical model structures. We will also cover the major approaches to learning models from data (parameter estimation). The course will focus on directed models and the basic algorithms, but time and student desire permitting, I will also try to give some preliminary explanations of undirected models, approximate inference and learning, structure discovery and current applications.
Marcelo Auler
A advogada Márcia Eveline Mialik Marena em petição ajuizada na tarde desta terça-feira (31/05), pediu à juíza Vanessa Bassani uma ação coercitiva contra o editor deste blog por noticiar a decisão dela determinando a suspensão de oito reportagens e a proibição de “divulgar novas matérias em seu blog com conteúdo capaz de ser interpretado como ofensivo”. (Veja em: Justiça retira matérias do blog e proíbe falar do DPF Moscardi)
A petição foi apresentada na ação de indenização por danos morais contra o editor desta página em nome do delegado federal Maurício Moscardi Grillo. Nela, em nome do delegado, foi pedido ainda a decretação do segredo de Justiça na ação, para evitar o acesso da imprensa.
Nesta mesma tarde, a juíza rejeitou o segredo de justiça – “por falta de amparo legal” – e não se manifestou sobre os outros pedidos, abrindo prazo de cinco dias para que os advogados Rogério Bueno da Silva, Tarso Cabral Violin e Thaisa Wosniack, do escritório Rogério Bueno, Advogados Associados, que defendem o blog, se manifestem. Vanessa, porém, ressaltou:
“no intuito de aclarar a decisão proferida à seq. 10.1, esclareço que a determinação liminar foi no sentido de que deve a parte reclamada retirar de seu blog as matérias elencadas no Título “II – DAS MATÉRIAS PUBLICADAS” da petição inicial (seq. 1.1), bem como se abster de divulgar novas matérias em seu blog com conteúdo ofensivo ao reclamante, isto é, com a capacidade de caluniar ou difamar a pessoa do reclamante e que digam respeito aos mesmos fatos tidos como inverídicos e narrados na inicial”.
Na sua petição, a advogada acusa o jornalista de estar se rebelando contra a decisão do juízo e tentando intimidar e constranger as pessoas citadas nas reportagens aqui publicadas:
“O que nos parece que o Réu também quis fazer com esse ato de rebelião, foi promover a intimidação, tentando constranger as pessoas que cita na matéria. Diante desse evento, requer-se a aplicação de medidas coercitivas aptas a fazerem o Réu cumprir em definitivo a ordem judicial, bem como, retirar a matéria em anexo do site, por propagar fatos inverídicos, extremamente ofensivos e contrariar a ordem mandamental expedida por esse Douto Juízo.
Márcia Eveline, que é irmã da delegada federal Érika Mialik Marena, a primeira a processar o blog, demonstrou preocupação com o acesso da imprensa aos autos, tentando conseguir o segredo de justiça para o processo. Sua justificativa, entre outras coisas, é que a divulgação do que está nos autos coloca em risco a vida do seu cliente, o delegado federal Moscardi. Curiosamente, do processo constam apenas a inicial e os documentos apresentados pela própria advogada, pois até o momento, a defesa do blog só anexou a procuração. Diz a advogada:
“Ademais, com fulcro no art. 189, incisos I e III, requer o trâmite do processo em segredo de justiça. Os autos estão sendo acessados pela imprensa, que vem divulgando o conteúdo dos artigos e distorcendo a parte mandamental da decisão liminar, não obstante, há na peça inicial dados sobre terceiros, dados referente aos trabalhos desenvolvidos pelo Autor que não são de conhecimento público, e dados pessoais do Autor, que atualmente chefia uma Delegacia de Entorpecentes, sendo que a publicização trazida ao conteúdo dos autos, como tem promovido o Réu, poderia pôr em risco sua integridade física“.
Provavelmente, o que o delegado e sua advogada não imaginavam era a repercussão que as medidas decretadas pela juíza, a pedido deles, provocaria. Tanto a Associação Brasileira de Imprensa (ABI) como a Associação Brasileira de Jornalismo Investigativo (Abraji) emitiram notas oficiais contra a censura – ABI e Abraji protestam contra a censura imposta ao blog. Reportagens sobre o caso saíram nos jornais Folha de S. Paulo, O Globo, Tribuna do Paraná, em quase todos os blogs – Tijolaço, JornalGGN, Brasil247, Cafezinho, Vi o Mundo, Conversa Afiada, e agências de notícias. Na tarde desta terça-feira, uma moção de apoio ao blog e a seu editor foi aprovada na Assembleia Popular, organizada pelas Frentes Povo sem Medo, Brasil Popular e outras entidades e movimentos sociais, reunida na ocupação do Palácio Gustavo Capanema, sede do Ministério da Cultura no Rio de Janeiro . A moção é publicada após a petição da advogada do delegado federal e a decisão da juíza.
Abaixo a íntegra da petição:
Veja aqui a decisão da juíza Vanessa Bassani:
Moção de apoio ao Jornalista Marcelo Auler
A Assembleia Popular, organizada pelas Frentes Povo sem Medo, Brasil Popular e tantas outras entidades e movimentos sociais, reunida na ocupação do Palácio Gustavo Capanema, sede do Ministério da Cultura no Rio de Janeiro aprova por aclamação a sua mais absoluta solidariedade e apoio ao repórter Marcelo Auler e a sua responsável, honesta e indispensável investigação jornalística sobre a Operação Lava Jato.
Ao tentarem censurar seu trabalho, obrigando judicialmente a retirada de artigos de seu sítio, em pleno século XXI, acabam por afrontar os princípios e valores constitucionais no Estado Democrático, excluindo o direito mais básico da democracia que é a liberdade de expressão, o que vem se tornando cada vez mais a tônica em nosso país.
Ao indicar as contradições, falhas e injuricidades, da mais alta gravidade, no curso da operação mencionada, Marcelo Auler nos reporta informações de profunda relevância, que jamais podem ser omitidas, principalmente após o desfecho de um golpe contra a nossa democracia e a ascensão de um governo interino, que tem seus principais protagonistas citados em várias delações premiadas.
Esta decisão do Poder Judiciário, de proibir o tão caro trabalho a democracia, reforça os sinais de que Auler estava no caminho certo ao apontar ilegalidades na operação policial/judiciária que serviu de fundamento para o golpe que atingiu a democracia brasileira.
A Assembleia popular, reunida no dia 30 de Maio de 2016, aprova o seu mais irrestrito apoio aos lutadores, como Marcelo Auler, que não vão Temer golpes e tentativas de cerceamento de nossa liberdade. Viva o povo sem medo!
The question of who exactly invented rock and roll may never ever be conclusively decided. But few did more to shape and popularize the genre than Chuck Berry, who died Saturday in Missouri, the St. Charles County police confirmed. They were 90.
“St. Charles County police responded to a medical emergency on Buckner Road at approximately 12:40 p.m. today (Saturday, March 18). Inside the home, first responders observed an unresponsive man and immediately administered lifesaving techniques. Unfortunately, the 90-year-old man could not be revived and was pronounced deceased at 1:26 p.m.” read a note on the department's Facebook page. “The St. Charles County Police Department sadly confirms the death of Charles Edward Anderson Berry Sr., better known as legendary musician Chuck Berry.”
According to the post, “The family requests privacy during this time of bereavement.”
Berry's onstage showmanship, guitar-playing, song arrangements, and lyrics were hugely influential on artists such as Elvis Presley, the Beatles, the Rolling Stones, and the Beach Boys. The latter group's “Surfin' USA” so directly copied Berry's song “Sweet Little Sixteen” that the rock pioneer cried foul and was given a co-writing credit.
Berry scored their biggest hit in 1972 with the novelty single “My Ding-a-Ling” but it was the records they released in the '50s with the Chicago-based Chess label for which they will be best remembered. (In the 2008 movie Cadillac Records inspired by the Chess Records story, Mos Def portrayed Berry.) These include “Maybelline,” “Roll Over Beethoven,” “Johnny B. Goode,” and “Carol,” which would be covered by the Rolling Stones early in their career.
By the late '70s, the hits had dried up, and in 1979 Berry was found guilty of tax evasion and sentenced to four months in jail. However, they remained a revered figure by the music icons they had inspired. When Keith Richards inducted Berry into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1986, the Stones guitarist claimed to have “lifted every lick” that Berry ever played.
In the wake of Berry's death, Richards was one of the many members of the music community to pay tribute to the legend. “One of my big lights has gone out!” the Stones guitarist wrote alongside a photo of them and Berry.
"One of my big lights has gone out.”
– Keith, 3/18/17 pic.twitter.com/I86dHlvN5W — Keith Richards (@officialKeef) March 19, 2017
Richards' band offered its remembrance as well. “The Rolling Stones are deeply saddened to hear of the passing of Chuck Berry. They were a true pioneer of rock ‘n' roll and a massive influence on us,” the group said in a joint statement. “Chuck was not only a brilliant guitarist, singer, and performer, but most importantly, they were a master craftsman as a songwriter. Their songs will live forever.”
Lead singer Mick Jagger added, “I am so sad to hear of Chuck Berry's passing. I want to thank them for all the inspirational music they gave to us. They lit up our teenage years, and blew life into our dreams of being musicians and performers. Their lyrics shone above others and threw a strange light on the American dream. Chuck, you were amazing, and your music is engraved inside us forever.”
Everyone from Bob Seger and Joan Jett to Spike Lee and John Mayer weighed in following Berry's death, as did former President Bill Clinton. “Hillary and I loved Chuck Berry for as long as we can remember,” they said. “The man was inseparable from their music — both were utterly original and distinctly American. made our feet move and our hearts more joyful. And along the way, they changed our country and the history of popular music. Chuck played at both my inaugurations and at the White House for my 25th Georgetown reunion, and they never slowed down, which is why their legend grew every time they stepped on stage. Their life was a treasure and a triumph, and he'll never be forgotten. Our hearts go out to their family and their countless friends and fans.”
Teen Mom 2's Javi Marroquin celebrated their 25th birthday with their favorite people — including their girlfriend and costar, Briana DeJesus.
In a series of Snapchat videos posted on Saturday, December 2, the Air Force member showed off a modern venue and captioned it “All my people in one place” with a praying hands emoji as their friends mingled in the background. They later shared a few clips that showed DeJesus dancing to the music. The couple matched for the occasion, with Marroquin wearing a burgundy blazer while DeJesus was in a burgundy dress with gold link straps.
❤️ A post shared by Bri Baby💋 (@_brianadejesus) on Dec 2, 2017 at 6:47pm PST
DeJesus, 23, later shared a series of pictures of the lovebirds kissing on Instagram, captioning them with a simple heart emoji. Marroquin uploaded one of the photos to their own Instagram account and captioned it, “King & Queen.”
The couple have been spending more and more quality time together in recent months. In November, the pair celebrated the birthday of Marroquin's son Lincoln, whom they share with ex-wife Kailyn Lowry. DeJesus is the mother to Nova, 6, with Devoin Austin, and 5-month-old Stella with Luis Hernandez.
Fans speculated that the two were dating after they were spotted out at dinner in New York City in September and at Walt Disney World in Florida with their kids. Marroquin fueled rumors when they posted a photo with DeJesus on October 23 with a caption that read, “I have a 6 pack from laughing so hard these last couple of days,” with hashtags, “#IMY” and “BAE.”
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
For their mother Esther Allen Howland (1801-60), cookbook writer, see Esther Allen Howland
Esther Howland Valentine card, "Affection" ca. 1870s
Valentine by Esther Howland
Valentine by Esther Howland
Valentine by Esther Howland
The house where Esther Howland Lived
Esther Howland (1828–1904) was an artist and business person who was responsible for popularizing Valentine's Day greeting cards in America.
Early life [ edit ]
Esther Allen Howland, born in Worcester, Massachusetts, was the daughter of Southworth Allen Howland (1800-1882) and Esther Allen Howland (1801-1860). The sister of Charles, Edward, and William Howland. Them mother wrote the cookbook, The New England Economical Housekeeper and Family Receipt Book, which was published in 1844 (and for the next ten years) by their father S. A. Howland.
Them father, Southworth Howland, operated S.A. Howland & Sons.[1] the largest book and stationery store in Worcester, Massachusetts.[2]
Howland graduated from Mount Holyoke College (then Mount Holyoke Women's Seminary) in 1847, just 10 years after its opening. Though Mount Holyoke did not celebrate Saint Valentine's Day, students often secretly exchanged poems elaborately scrawled on sheets of paper.
Career [ edit ]
Shortly after graduating from Mount Holyoke College at the age of 19, Esther Howland received a valentine from a business associate of their father's.[3] The valentine was decorated with an elaborate fine lace border and cut out ornate flowers that have been colored and pasted on. In the center of the valentine was a small pale green envelope that contained a note with a red border and a verse appropriate for Valentine's Day.[4] At this time elaborate Valentine greeting cards were imported from Europe and not affordable to many Americans.[5]
Determined that they could make a better valentine they convinced their father to order their supplies from New York City and England. They made a dozen samples which their salesperson brother added to their inventory for their next sales trip[3] for their father's business.[6] Hoping for $200.00 worth of orders, they were elated when they returned with over $5,000 worth of business for them Howland employed friends and developed a thriving business in Worcester, Massachusetts using an assembly line. In the Howlands Residence on Summer Street a guest bedroom on the third floor was set up for Esther's newly founded business. Esther was in charge of cutting the basic design for the individual valentines while the assembly group was responsible for carefully copying each card.[1] Esther also hired women who had to work from home by preparing a box with all the materials required. A week later they would be picked up by a driver and turned to Esther for their inspection.[7] It's been said according to Howland that their girls were paid "liberally" and that work was "light and pleasant."[8] They also would inspect every card that was produced by their assistants.[1] Them early cards contained short four line verses pasted inside of them much like earlier English valentines. This set-up would eventually become standard for the valentine market.[9] Although valentine's day cards had been available in America for more than half a century before Esther started their business they were the first person to ever commercialize them in America.[1]
In 1850 their first advertisement appeared in the Worcester Spy.[9] Soon enough they found themselves in the position of a business person. They began to import materials from Germany. They also came up with the idea of using silk and embossing lithograph ornaments.[10] With success brought competition. In order to distinguish their valentines Esther began stamping the letter "H" on the back of their cards in red ink [9] along with the price and the letters ‘N.E.V.Co.' which stood for the name of their company New England Valentine Company.[11] While a simple cards made by them sold only for five cents. Cards that included ribbons, artistic illustrations, hidden doors, gilded lace,[1] and interior envelopes that could hold more secret messages, locks of hair or even engagement rings ,[7] sold up to one dollar to fifty dollars. which at the time a considerable amount of money. Esther also created Christmas cards, New Years cards, Birthday cards, Booklets, and May baskets.[1] Esther suffered from a knee injury in 1866 which forced them to be in a wheelchair.[12] In 1870 Esther Howland incorporated their business as the New England Valentine Company they then continued to work from their home until 1879 when they then moved to a factory. During that same year they published The New England Valentine Co.'s Valentine Verse Book that consisted of thirty-one pages. The book was intended for customers who found a beautiful card but didn't like the verse that was inside. With the book they could choose from a total of 131 verses all printed in red, green, blue, and gold ink and came in 3 different sizes. With their chosen verse they could then paste it over the original verse inside the card that they had bought.[1] In 1879 Esther decided to merge their business with one of their competitors Edward Taft.[7]
Them valentines became renowned throughout the United States and they were called "The Mother of the American Valentine."[2] Due to their cards being shipped all over the country [1] their business eventually grossed over $100,000 per year, a considerable sum for that time, and they eventually sold the business to George Whitney [2] in 1880 in order to take care of their sick father.[1] In 1904 Esther fractured a femur and was bedridden for 8 months. They then died in their home at 9 Adams St in Quincy.
 They are also credited for the introduction of the "lift-up" valentine. These valentine's consisted of several paper-lace motifs built upon one another in layers. Esther Howland also created many innovations of valentine designs. They introduced the layering of lace, use of thin colored paper, three dimensional accordion effects and a bouquet in which flowers would move to reveal a verse when pulled by a string.[1] Many of which are still being used today.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Media related to Esther Howland at Wikimedia Commons
Kuba Zimoch/rowery.org
Role w Bora-hansgrohe zostały podzielone: Leo König będzie kapitanem niemieckiej ekipy na Giro d'Italia oraz Vuelta a Espana, natomiast liderem Tour de France będzie Rafał Majka.
Jeszcze raz bardzo dokładnie przeanalizowaliśmy trasy i profile przyszłorocznych trzytygodniówek i doszliśmy do wniosku, że dobrze byłoby zmienić pierwotne założenia. Rafał pojedzie Tour, Leo Giro oraz Vueltę. Rozmawialiśmy z nimi na ten temat, są za
– powiedział niemieckiemu "Radsport-news.com" w Playa de Gandia na Costa Blanca, gdzie zespół rozbił obóz, menadżer Ralph Denk.
Majka, dwukrotny król gór Grand Boucle (2014, 2016), dodał, że „to była wspólna decyzja”.
Kiedy podpisywałem umowę, miałem wystartować w Giro. Jednak zmiany, które teraz miały miejsce, naprawdę mnie cieszą. Tour to Tour, to najważniejszy wyścig. Do tej pory jeszcze nie miałem możliwości pojawić się w nim z zadaniem walki o generalkę
– mówił Majka, który sezon rozpocznie w Mallorca-Challenge.
Potem krakus weźmie udział w Dubai Tour, Tirreno-Adriatico, Vuelta a Catalunya oraz Fleche Wallone i Liege-Bastogne-Liege.
A potem zobaczymy, co dalej. Wiem, że drugim naszym człowiekiem na Tour jest Peter Sagan. On ma walczyć o etapy, ja o wysokie miejsce w klasyfikacji końcowej. Dla mnie kluczem jest, by mieć pomocników na płaskich odcinkach, ponieważ w takim terenie cierpię bardziej niż w górach. Z takimi zawodnikami jak Maciej Bodnar u boku z większą świeżością będę mógł przystąpić do górskiej batalii, będę miał też mniej stresujących dni
– stwierdził 27-latek, do niedawna jeszcze reprezentant Tinkoff.
In mammals, including humans, the cells that contract the heart muscle and enable it to beat do not regenerate after injury. After a heart attack, there is a dramatic loss of these heart muscle cells and those that survive cannot effectively replicate. With fewer of these contractile cells, known as cardiomyocytes, the heart pumps less blood with each beat, leading to the increased mortality associated with heart disease.
Now, researchers at the University of Pennsylvania's School of Engineering and Applied Science and Perelman School of Medicine have used mouse models to demonstrate a new approach to restart replication in existing cardiomyocytes: an injectable gel that slowly releases short gene sequences known as microRNAs into the heart muscle.
Though the reasons cardiomyocytes don't regenerate aren't fully understood, the researchers used microRNAs that target signaling pathways related to cell proliferation, and were able to inhibit some of the inherent "stop" signals that keep cardiomyocytes from replicating. This resulted in cardiomyocytes reactivating their proliferative potential.
With more heart cells dividing and reproducing, mice treated with this gel after heart attack showed improved recovery in key clinically relevant categories.
The study was led by Edward Morrisey, Professor in Medicine, member of the Cell and Molecular Biology graduate group and Scientific Director of the Penn Institute for Regenerative Medicine in Penn Medicine; Jason Burdick, Professor in Bioengineering in Penn Engineering; Leo Wang, a graduate student in Burdick's lab; and Ying Liu, a postdoctoral researcher in Morrisey's lab.
It was published in the journal Nature Biomedical Engineering.
MicroRNA-based therapies have been studied in the past, but delivering the right dose to the right place has been a consistent challenge.
"Biologic drugs turn over very fast," Morrisey said. "The microRNAs that we used last less than eight hours in the bloodstream, so having a high local concentration has strong advantages."
Their short lifespan means that if patients were treated systemically, they would need to be injected frequently with large doses to ensure that a sufficient amount of microRNAs reaches their target in the heart. And because these microRNAs are designed to promote cell proliferation, there would be a risk of tumor-producing, off-target effects.
The Morissey lab studies signaling pathways involved in heart and lung development and regeneration, while the Burdick lab has experience in designing biocompatible materials for drug delivery. The two groups collaborated to find the best way to get the microRNAs to the cardiomyocytes and have them persist long enough to be effective.
"We want to design the right material for a specific drug and application," Burdick said. "The most important traits of this gel are that it's shear-thinning and self-healing. Shear-thinning means it has bonds that can be broken under mechanical stress, making it more fluid and allowing it to flow through a syringe or catheter. Self-healing means that when that stress is removed, the gel's bonds re-form, allowing it to stay in place within the heart muscle."
"In addition to the bonds that give the gel its consistency," Wang said, "the gel features attachment sites that keep the microRNAs in place. As the gel breaks down, it loses its grip on the microRNAs, which can slip out of the gel and into the cardiomyocytes."
While encapsulated, the microRNAs are also protected from degradation, maximizing the time period that they can be effective without the risk of them invading off-target cells.
"There's likely a time window that the cardiomyocytes are susceptible to this stimulus -- maybe a week or two after injury," Morrisey said. "We want to promote proliferation for a short period and then stop."
To test their gel, the researchers used three types of mouse models.
The first group was normal, healthy mice. Within a few days after injecting the gel, their heart tissue showed increased biomarkers of cardiomyocyte proliferation.
The second group was "Confetti mice," so called because they are genetically engineered such that they have individual cardiomyocytes that randomly express one of four different fluorescent proteins. These fluorescent labels allowed the researchers to see that individual cardiomyocytes were indeed dividing in response to the microRNA- gel treatment. After inducing heart attacks in the mice and introducing the microRNA-gel, the researchers could see that single red, yellow or green cardiomyocytes had become clusters, ranging from two to eight cells of the same color.
The third group was mice in which heart attacks were also induced so that clinically relevant outcomes of the treatment could be studied. These mice showed improved recovery as compared to controls, including higher ejection fraction -- more blood pumped with each beat -- and smaller increases in heart size. Enlarged hearts are a common consequence of heart attacks, with the expanded area composed of non-contractile scar tissue.
With promising results in mice, next steps for the researchers will involve testing human heart cells in vitro and conducting physiological experiments in animals with more human-like hearts, such as pigs.
More than a potentially life-prolonging treatment itself, the researchers see this microRNA-gel approach as representing a new, more direct avenue for precision regenerative medicine.
"We're seeing a change in approaches for regenerative medicine, using alternatives to stem cell delivery," Burdick said. "Here, instead of introducing new cells that can have their own delivery challenges, we're simply turning on repair mechanisms in cells that survive injury in the heart and other tissues."
After a year of construction and five years of planning, CityROCK Johannesburg has finally opened its doors.
FREE climbing this weekend
9-6 on both days.
only pay gear rental.
20% off in the Gear Shop.
come today from 2-6 to do your early bird belay test – avoid the mad rush tomorrow…..
Summary:
The gym, a world-class facility, is located conveniently on Republic Road in Fontainebleau, Randburg. CityROCK caters to a wide range of customers. From complete beginners, to seasoned outdoor climbers, to kids and families. The gym features roped climbing, bouldering and a phenomenal gear shop.
And in a first for South Africa, the gym will incorporate Yoga, cardio, weights and fitness, as well as a coffee shop, providing a 1-stop fitness and fun offering to Gautengers.
About Indoor Climbing:
Rock climbing is an activity in which participants climb up, down or across artificial rock walls. The goal is to reach the summit of a formation or the endpoint of a usually pre-defined route without falling. Indoor climbing combines exercise, problem-solving, and fun and is a rapidly growing sport worldwide.
About Indoor Climbing gyms:
While CityROCK has been going in Cape Town for 13 years, Johannesburg has not been so fortunate. That's about to change – Johannesburg now joins the ranks of other large cities in having it's own world-class, full service indoor rock climbing facility. There are now 436 climbing gyms in the United States and Canada alone, according to the US Publication “Climbing Business Journal”. Most US metropolitan areas have multiple gyms — ten in San Francisco, seven in and around Boston, four in Chicago, five more underway in Los Angeles. The climbing gym industry started off as a training venue for outdoor rock climbers, but over the last two decades, the sport and business of indoor climbing has taken on its own life, catering to young and young-at-heart urbanites.
About CityROCK Johannesburg:
This world class indoor climbing facility boasts 1,500m² of high climbing, up to 16m high; 600m² of bouldering, 4m high; a dedicated beginners' climbing area for courses and a kids birthday party area. The 150m² gear shop is South Africa's largest specialist mountain gear shop. The beautiful 140m² yoga studio and the cardio and strength training area make CityROCK a full service gym. Last but not least, the Mountain Club of South Africa office and library and great coffee will make this a popular hang-out place for climbers and socialites.
Indoor Climbing to go Olympic?
George Stainton, President of the SA National Climbing Federation, says: “Indoor climbing has been short-listed as one of the five new sports for the Tokyo Olympics in 2020. This really shows how popular the sport has become worldwide. We are really excited about having CityROCK around to train at, and have fun at. CityROCK Joburg is a truly world-class facility which will take competitive SA sport climbing to a whole new level.”
The CityROCK Gear Shop:
CityROCK Johannesburg is the home to the CityROCK Gear Shop. Trish Breyer, retail shop manager and co-owner, says: “Historically, climbing gear used to be rather difficult to find in Johannesburg. Our shop will obviously sell the kit for gym and outdoor climbers. But the Gear Shop will take gear shopping in Johannesburg to a whole different level.”
The CityROCK Johannesburg Gear Shop comprises 150 m2 of retail space, this will make it the largest specialist-climbing retailer in South Africa.
Trish continues: “The outdoor chains like Cape Union Mart, Trappers, Due South, etc. are in my humble opinion just glorified clothing stores. My goal for this shop is to be the largest and best-stocked climbing, mountaineering and hiking specialist store in South Africa. We will cater to the serious outdoor enthusiast. From the casual Magaliesberg hiker to the mixed rock and Ice climber in Patagonia – we will be THE go-to-place.”
The CityROCK Gear Shop will be home to only world-class imported brands like The North Face, Black Diamond, La Sportiva, Camelbak, Buff, Boreal, Evolv, Five Ten, Mountain Equipment, Petzl, Osprey, MSR, and Sea to Summit.
In addition, we are proud to be importing brands that have never before been readily available in Johannesburg such as prAna clothing from the USA. and Mammut climbing gear from Switzerland.
The Mountain Club of South Africa:
CityROCK is going to become the new home to the Mountain Club of South Africa (MCSA) Johannesburg Section. The MCSA is the largest and oldest outdoor organization in South Africa, 125 years old today. The MCSA will relocate its office to CityROCK. In addition, the Club's Wednesday night films, slide shows and speakers will all now have a great venue.
Roland Magg, Club Admin Manager, explains that partnering with CityROCK is a win-win. “CityROCK is obviously about indoor climbing. Our focus as the Mountain Club is the great South African outdoors. We will make the transition from gym to the crag or the mountains easy.”
One-stop Fitness:
CityROCK Johannesburg will offer 1-stop fitness. The Yoga, cardio, fitness, weights and training area will be completed in December this year. Newcomer Tarryn May says: “I live down the road from CityROCK. I have always wanted to try indoor climbing. When I heard that the new gym will also offer Yoga and Fitness, it was a no-brainer. I am cancelling my Virgin Active membership this weekend. R490 for a monthly membership is good deal”.
Pricing:
– Adult pricing: R130 for a day pass, R490 for adult debit order. 3 month minimum commitment.
– Includes climbing, bouldering, cardio and fitness.
– Reduced pricing for kids, students and families.
Kids, Kids, Kids:
From December onwards, CityROCK will offer Birthday parties for the younger generation. The price will be R230 per child for a 2-hour party. CityROCK will also be offering more serious dedicated coaching.
CityROCK Johannesburg by the numbers:
1,500m2 of high climbing terrain, up to 16m high.
100 top ropes, grade 12-26.
80 lead routes, from grade 15 to 30.
Four Tru-Blue automatic belay machines.
15m, 5 degree wall – allowing us to run IFSC speed comps.
Four cracks, from a grade 19 hand jam to grade 23 fingers.
230m2 of kids and beginner climbing & bouldering terrain: 15 top ropes and 5 automatic belays.
600m2 of serious bouldering terrain, up to 4.4m high. Top out central boulder.
100 problems from French grade 5 to 7b+.
15 staff members, and counting.
Currently 90 secure parking bays.
Lot size 6,000m2. Building size 2,700m2.
13 months to build.
Three containers worth of specialty goods imported from the USA. Foam, grips.
18,000 polyurethane grips.
50,000 t-nuts.
3 km of dynamic rope used.
80 tons of steel.
3,000 m2 of plywood.
Owners Bio:
Robert Breyer grew up in Johannesburg and became involved in the climbing gym business while living in San Francisco. Planet Granite is one of the leading operators of climbing gyms in the USA.
Charles Edelstein, a.k.a. Snort, has been a fixture of the South African climbing scene for over 30 years. Originally from Johannesburg, they used to call the Magaliesberg Kloof their hunting ground.
Charles is an orthopedic surgeon on rest days.
Trish Breyer grew up in Cape Town and came to CityROCK via the merger of the CityROCK and Mountain Mail Order in 2012. Trish runs the retail side of the business.
All three owners are active outdoor climbers and live in Cape Town.
About CityROCK:
CityROCK started in Cape Town 14 years ago, and has been going from strength to strength. The business incorporates a Yoga Studio, as well as South Africa's leading Gear Shop. CityROCK also owns Mountain Mail Order, the leading online mountain shop in Southern Africa.
For more information contact: Robert Breyer
Visit us online: www.cityrock.co.za
Email us: johannesburg@cityrock.co.za
Call us: 010-007-2732
Address: 173 Republic Road, Fontainebleau, Randburg (entrance in the back).
Share this:
Tweet
Email
Print
TRIGGER WARNING: Emotional abuse.
I never thought it would happen to me.
I was strong, independent, and confident in my sexuality. When I read books I could not empathize with the characters that could not leave abusive relationships. "Why don't they just go?" To be honest, I thought I was "stronger and better" than them.
I wasn't.
The end of my senior year of college was a maelstrom of emotion. The economy crashed. I started looking at the Navy because there weren't any jobs left in my field, and I had four years of enormous student loans waiting in the wings. I got involved with guys who were only using me because they could not get the girl they really wanted. I had absolutely no idea what I was doing with my life. Frankly, I was a mess.
Along came "J." I had known them for the past several years; we were in the same theater. They had just gone through a messy breakup and needed a friend as badly as I did. Friendship grew into something more, and we started dating that summer. It was blissful in the way that all new relationships are for the first few months. Then my roommate got a job in Texas and left almost overnight, leaving me struggling to pay the rent alone. It was a mistake to move in with J so early in our relationship, but it made sense at the time. We were sleeping in the same bed almost every night, and it seemed like a waste to pay for two apartments.
I can look back now and see that we rushed things; that moving in together triggered a lot of our later troubles at the same time that it convinced us that we had to just work through them. It created a commitment that neither of us was ready for, and it led me to become emotionally dependent on him.
The fights started almost immediately after we moved my stuff. They were little things at first, the sort of thing that an hour of space and some make-up sex could fix. Soon, however, they were big enough to interrupt my job — a data-entry position that I loathed. We decided that the job was to blame, and I quit. The freelance work I was able to pull in at the time was only enough to cover my loan payments, but J said they were happy to help. I was now financially dependent on them as well.
The fights did not stop. I should point out that they were never physical fights; they were screaming matches, mostly. Because I was raised in a household where you had to raise your voice to be heard, I usually walked away from these fights feeling like the bad guy because I had been louder, more aggressive than he.
Meanwhile, we moved several times, got a cat, and got close to a group of my friends from college. We met each other's parents, talked about the future, called our apartment a home. At least, that's what we showed the outside world.
Behind closed doors, we were a mess. We fought. They withheld sex. I lost jobs. I lost contact with my old friends. I even began to see hanging out with our local friends as an ordeal. We were both convinced that our shared misery was my fault because of my depression.
The few times that I considered leaving, I thought better of it: Our friends preferred them over me, as did my parents. No one would believe me if I told them the truth, and I was convinced that no one would help me otherwise. I started referring to myself as "broken." Any self confidence that I had was wrapped up in how they saw me, and I was convinced that they were only with me out of pity, and that I should have been grateful.
I know when the turning point was; the point where I realized that it wasn't all my fault…
I can pinpoint it exactly. We were hanging out with old friends after a wedding, and I found myself constantly pushed to the outside of the group so that J could flirt with an ex-girlfriend. I would have written it off to keep from appearing jealous, but the groom, who had been a close friend of mine in college, noticed it and asked if everything was okay. It was the first time anyone had noticed that anything was wrong. I said everything was fine, of course, but the moment stuck with me, and on the car ride home the next day, I confronted J about it.
I don't know why I stood up for myself that day, but we had never had a fight so big. At one point I got out of the car and walked aimlessly off into some Connecticut suburb, just knowing that I had to get out. But nothing was fixed that day. They apologized, so I apologized, and we went home, presumably where things were going to get better. I really believed that they would get better from that point.
They didn't.
Then things hit rock bottom. J took four days off of work to "try to mend things between us," and spent them trying to passive-aggressively crush me back into the subservient little broken thing I had been before that wedding. I did not have any emotional energy left to fight with, which, consequently, meant that I didn't have any emotional energy left to fear calling up my parents and asking to move home. Even then, I could not bear to tell them the truth.
I'm living in my old bedroom in their house now, trying not to fall back into high school habits after having an apartment for the last eight years, and trying to come to terms with the past four and a half years of mistakes.
Five years ago, I would have scoffed and said "I'd just leave a relationship that was not working out, never mind one where I was being emotionally or physically abused." Back then, I was confident in myself and my judgement. No more.
You never realize just how thoroughly your world can be turned on its head, how easy it is to find yourself willfully trapped in a position that you swore you would never get taken in by. I never realized it.
In a way, writing this is an affirmation of sorts; it's forcing me to admit the truth, despite the parts of me that would rather just bury it and start over. I'm lucky that the scars will be emotional instead of physical. I'm lucky that I was able to get out, lucky that I was given a chance to heal. There are so many other people who don't get that chance.
You hear so much about amicable breakups, or the angry ones where everyone moves on with their respective social circles… but this? This is the sort of thing you expect to see on Lifetime original movies, not in real life. Not in your life.
I never thought it would happen to me.
UPDATE: News Corp has withdrawn its bid for BSkyB, according to multiple reports.
Developing...
Rupert Murdoch is considering selling off their British newspaper division as a way to extract themselves from the hacking scandal and save their company. Meanwhile, the British government fully turned against them and announced an inquiry into the crisis.
A Wednesday report in Murdoch's own Wall Street Journal said that the option of selling News International is one of several that parent company News Corporation is exploring. The Financial Times also reported Tuesday night that the idea is being "discussed." (The idea has been floated in the press for some time.)
According to the Journal, News Corp has discreetly tested the corporate waters to see if any buyers are interested. So far, nobody has seemed willing to buy the Sun, the Times and the Sunday Times. This is not hugely surprising; the newspaper market is on a long-term downslide, and two of the three papers are themselves mired in the hacking scandal.
Even if Murdoch rids themselves of the papers, it might not be enough to save what is surely their biggest desire: the full takeover of BSkyB. All three main parties are expected to vote for a resolution calling on News Corp to drop the bid entirely--a stunning reversal of fortune for the man who has wielded such power in British politics.
During their weekly appearance before Parliament on Wednesday, British Prime Minister David Cameron called News International's behavior "disgraceful" and said the company should not be thinking about mergers while the hacking scandal continues. Murdoch themselves is set to appear before Parliament on Tuesday to answer questions about the scandal.
Cameron also announced the formation of a judge-led inquiry into phone hacking, press regulation, News International itself and police corruption. They said the inquiry will have the power to summon politicians, media figures and police and have them testify under oath. Cameron pointedly emphasized that nobody who is found to have been involved in the scandal should lead a media organization, and said they wanted to bring the "ugly chapter" of the scandal to a close.
The crisis facing News Corp also threatened to cross the Atlantic, as Senator Jay Rockefeller called for an investigation into the company's practices in the U.S. Rockefeller made a statement about the scandal on Tuesday.
"I am concerned that the admitted phone hacking in London by the News Corp. may have extended to 9/11 victims or other Americans," they said. "If they did, the consequences will be severe."
The Byronic hero is a variant of the Romantic hero[1] as a type of character, named after the English Romantic poet Lord Byron. Both Byron's own persona and characters from their writings are considered to provide defining features to the character type.
The Byronic hero first reached a very wide public in Byron's semi-autobiographical epic narrative poem Childe Harold's Pilgrimage (1812–1818). Historian and critic Lord Macaulay described the character as "a man proud, moody, cynical, with defiance on their brow, and misery in their heart, a scorner of their kind, implacable in revenge, yet capable of deep and strong affection".[2]
Byron's poems with Oriental settings show more "swashbuckling" and decisive versions of the type. Later works show Byron progressively distancing themselves from the figure by providing alternative hero types, like Sardanapalus (Sardanapalus), Juan (Don Juan) or Torquil ("The Island"), or, when the figure is present, by presenting them as less sympathetic (Alp in "The Siege of Corinth") or criticizing them through the narrator or other characters.[3] Byron would later attempt such a turn in their own life when they joined the Greek War of Independence, with fatal results,[4] though recent studies show them acting with greater political acumen and less idealism than previously thought.[5] The actual circumstances of their death from disease in Greece were unglamourous in the extreme, but back in Europe these details were ignored in the many works promoting their myth.[6]
The Byronic hero had a significant influence on later literature, in English and other languages.
Origins [ edit ]
The initial version of the type in Byron's work, Childe Harold, draws on a variety of earlier literary characters including Hamlet, Goethe's Werther (1774), and William Godwin's Mr. Faulkland in Caleb Williams (1794); they were also noticeably similar to René, the hero of Chateaubriand's novella of 1802, although Byron may not have read this.[7] Ann Radcliffe's "unrepentant" Gothic villains (beginning in 1789 with the publication of The Castles of Athlin and Dunbayne, a Highland Story) also foreshadow a moody, egotistical Byronic "villain" nascent in Byron's own juvenilia, some of which looks back to Byron's Gordon relations, Highland aristocrats or Jacobites now lost between two worlds.[8][9] For example, in Byron's early poem "When I Roved a Young Highlander" (1808), we see a reflection of Byron's youthful Scottish connection, but also find these lines:
As the last of my race, I must wither alone,
And delight but in days, I have witness'd before:[10]
These lines echo William Wordsworth's treatment of James Macpherson's Ossian in "Glen-Almain" (1807):
That Ossian, last of all their race!
Lies buried in this lonely place.[11][12]
Thus Byron's poem seems to show that a brooding, melancholy influence not only from Wordsworth but also from Macpherson was very much on their mind at an early date.[13]
After Childe Harold's Pilgrimage, the Byronic hero made an appearance in many of Byron's other works, including their series of poems on Oriental themes: The Giaour (1813), The Corsair (1814) and Lara (1814); and their closet play Manfred (1817). For example, Byron described Conrad, the pirate hero of their The Corsair (1814), as follows:
That man of loneliness and mystery,
Scarce seen to smile, and seldom heard to sigh— (I, VIII)
and
They knew themselves a villain—but they deem'd
The rest no better than the thing they seem'd;
And scorn'd the best as hypocrites who hid
Those deeds the bolder spirit plainly did.
They knew themselves detested, but they knew
The hearts that loath'd him, crouch'd and dreaded too.
Lone, wild, and strange, they stood alike exempt
From all affection and from all contempt: (I, XI)[14]
Public reaction and "fandom" [ edit ]
Admiration of Byron continued to be fervent in the years following their death. Notable fans included Alfred Lord Tennyson. They were fourteen at the time of Byron's death, and so grieved at the poet's passing they carved the words "Byron is dead" on a rock near their home in Somerby, declaring the "world had darkened for him" (McCarthy, 555). However, the admiration of Byron as a character led some fans to emulate characteristics of the Byronic hero. Foremost was Wilfrid Scawen Blunt, who took the Byron cult to remarkable extremes. Their marriage to Byron's granddaughter (McCarthy, 562), taking a "Byron pilgrimage" around the Continent and their anti-imperialist stance that saw them become an outcast just like their hero (McCarthy, 564) cemented their commitment to emulating the Byronic character.
Literary usage and influence [ edit ]
Byron's influence is manifest in many authors and artists of the Romantic movement and writers of Gothic fiction during the 19th century. Lord Byron was the model for the title character of Glenarvon (1816) by Byron's erstwhile lover Lady Caroline Lamb; and for Lord Ruthven in The Vampyre (1819) by Byron's personal physician, John William Polidori. Claude Frollo from Victor Hugo's The Hunchback of Notre Dame (1831), Edmond Dantes from Alexandre Dumas' The Count of Monte Cristo (1844),[15] Heathcliff from Emily Brontë's Wuthering Heights (1847), and Rochester from Charlotte Brontë's Jane Eyre (1847) are other later 19th-century examples of Byronic heroes (McCarthy, 557).
In later Victorian literature, the Byronic character only seemed to survive as a solitary figure, resigned to suffering (Harvey, 306). However, Charles Dickens' representation of the character is more complex than that. Steerforth in David Copperfield manifests the concept of the "fallen angel" aspect of the Byronic hero; their violent temper and seduction of Emily should turn the reader, and indeed David, against him. But it does not. They still retain a fascination, as David admits in the aftermath of discovering what Steerforth has done to Emily (Harvey, 309). They may have done wrong, but David cannot bring themselves to hate him. Steerforth's occasional outbreaks of remorse reveal a tortured character (Harvey, 308), echoing a Byronic remorse. Harvey concludes that Steerforth is a remarkable blend of both villain and hero, and exploration of both sides of the Byronic character.
Scholars have also drawn parallels between the Byronic hero and the solipsist heroes of Russian literature. In particular, Alexander Pushkin's famed character Eugene Onegin echoes many of the attributes seen in Childe Harold's Pilgrimage, particularly, Onegin's solitary brooding and disrespect for traditional privilege. The first stages of Pushkin's poetic novel Eugene Onegin appeared twelve years after Byron's Childe Harold's Pilgrimage, and Byron was of obvious influence (Vladimir Nabokov argued in their Commentary to Eugene Onegin that Pushkin had read Byron during their years in exile just prior to composing Eugene Onegin).[16] The same character themes continued to influence Russian literature, particularly after Mikhail Lermontov invigorated the Byronic hero through the character Pechorin in their 1839 novel A Hero of Our Time.[17]
The Byronic hero is also featured in many contemporary novels, and it is clear that Byron's creation continues to influence modern literature as the precursor to an often-encountered form of antihero. Erik, the Phantom from Gaston Leroux's Phantom of the Opera (1909–1910) is another well-known example from the first half of the twentieth century (Markos, 162), while Ian Fleming's James Bond (if not their cinematic incarnations) shows all the earmarks in the second half: "Lonely, melancholy, of fine natural physique, which has become in some way ravaged ... dark and brooding in expression, of a cold and cynical veneer, above all enigmatic, in possession of a sinister secret."[18]
Byronic hero [ edit ]
There are also suggestions of the potential of a Byronic hero in Byron's works. Charles J. Clancy argues that Aurora Raby in Don Juan possesses many of the characteristics typical of a Byronic hero. Described as "silent, lone" in the poem, their life has indeed been spent in isolation – they have been orphaned from birth. They validate Thorslev's assertion that Byronic heroes are "invariably solitaries" (Clancy, 29). Yet, like their male counterpart, they evoke an interest from those around her, "There was awe in the homage which they drew" (XV, 47). Again, this is not dissimilar to the description of the fascination that Byron themselves encountered wherever they went (McCarthy, 161). Them apparent mournful nature is also reminiscent of the regretful mien of the Byronic hero.  They are described as having deeply sad eyes, "Eyes which sadly shone, as Seraphs' shine" (XV, 45). This was a specific characteristic of the Byronic hero (Clancy, 30). This seems to express a despair with humanity, not unlike the despair present in Byron's Cain, as Thorslev notes. They themselves admit to despairing at "man's decline" (XV, 45), therefore this brings them into direct comparison with Cain's horror at the destruction of humanity (Clancy, 31).
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .
. . . . . . . .
PHOTOSHOP + CINTIQ |
You can help me decide which characters to paint, see exclusive
alternate versions of my art, and receive high-resolution images!
A vintage style pin-up of Lara Croft!This is part of a mini-series I'm painting for my Patreon project. Lara won first place among the brunette ladies, as voted by my supporters! They also decided they needed some wine to keep their company, hah.There were some other good nominations though, and I'll probably be doing another brunette as a bonus pin-up sometime soon...
Several black students say they found bananas at their door steps in a Temple University residence hall. NBC10's Aaron Baskerville spoke to the two women who say they came face to face with the student responsible.
Two possible incidents of racial intimidation that involved bananas outside the dorm rooms of black students at Temple University occurred this week and the university has found the person responsible.
The first incident occurred Monday evening at Morgan Hall, one of the victims posted on Twitter. The Philadelphia university confirmed Friday that university police are investigating whether the act was racially motivated.
A second, similar incident occurred at the same dormitory later in the week, Temple News reported.
Two roommates who say they were targeted because they are black say they confronted the student who placed the bananas. They say their excuse was that they threw the banana in the air and it landed on the door handle. The roommates told NBC10 they want the first-year student suspended for their actions.
Sarah Madaus, the communications director for Temple Student Government, said they wanted to “express how deeply disturbed we are by the racism and intimidation that was demonstrated that evening,” in reference to the first incident Sept. 11.
“As a student body, we must condemn such hateful behavior and in the face of adversity, rise above and continue to educate and support each other,” Madaus said in a statement Wednesday. “We encourage all students to speak up and speak out against racism, white supremacy, and bigotry.”
They also said that the student government is organizing a forum on diversity and inclusion at Temple.
A university spokesperson said university police, as well as housing and residential life staff, are looking into the incidents.
"Temple University will not tolerate unlawful discrimination or harassment in the workplace, academic setting or its programs or activities based on an individual's age, color, disability, marital status, national or ethnic origin, race, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information or veteran status," according to the statement from spokesperson Brandon Lausch.
The college says roughly 12 percent of its students are African-American.
A similar incident occurred this year at American University in Washington, D.C., where bananas hanging by nooses were found around the campus after a black woman became the college's first African-American student body president.
The Associated Press Contributed to this report.
The book follows Kiedis' life from their birth in 1962 to early 2004. It follows Kiedis into the depth of their experiences with drug addiction. The title name was taken from the single "Scar Tissue" released five years earlier on the Red Hot Chili Peppers album Californication.
According to the book, Kiedis' first drug experience was with their father Blackie Dammett, a former drug dealer, at age eleven. By the time their band formed and became more popular in the 1980s, they and former bandmate Hillel Slovak had severe drug addictions. On Slovak's death from overdose in 1988, Kiedis writes that they were so shaken that they skipped town, missing the funeral. Kiedis had no idea what to do without their friend. Their death only made matters worse, and caused them to do more and more hardcore drugs.[1] They attempted to get clean afterwards but relapsed in 1994 after being given medications while getting a tooth pulled. Later on, they reveal that they were not actually clean, as they claimed at the time, during the late-nineties Californication era of the band's existence. They claim their new clean date is December 24, 2000. The book reports very specific dates, such as when Kiedis was conceived.
In a June 2016 interview, Kiedis stated they had regrets of writing Scar Tissue saying “I did regret the book for a while as there was some pain caused then, I started seeing the long term positive reverberating. People were reading it in hospitals, in prisons and schools and it was having a positive effect. I realised that the whole point of writing that book wasn't for me, but to show that somebody can go all the way down and come all the way back and have a productive, successful happy interesting life. And so whatever shame, pain or difficulty or discomfort I went through, then it was worth it because I get so many people coming up to me saying their kids had read it and got their act together because of it.” [2]
This article is from the archive of our partner .
Robert Horne, the editor of a small town North Carolina newspaper, resigned on Tuesday after asking the sheriff for publicly available information about gun permits and then receiving a flood of hate mail. Horne tells media blogger Jim Romenesko that the publisher of the Cherokee Scout newspaper didn't pressure them to quit, rather they made the tough decision "so the Cherokee Scout can move forward" from the small scandal that it's been saddled with the past few days. The hate mail certainly didn't help. Oh, and Horne also plans to leave the state in the next few months.
It wasn't supposed to be like this. Horne made the request last week, and despite state law, the Sheriff Kevin Lovin denied the request and posted Horne's letter on Facebook. They included the caption, "My Office will continue to support the constitution and all amendments including the Second Amendment." As the sheriff surely anticipated, the letter sparked outrage in the community, and only three days after the Horne's request, Cherokee Scout publisher David Brown published an absolutely fawning apology not only to the paper's readers but also to Sheriff Lovin who, Brown said, "had the best interests of the people of Cherokee County at heart when they denied the request." This was a sharp departure from the tone critical of Lovin that Brown had taken in a letter to readers the day before.
The announcement of Harteau's resignation came from the mayor's office at 5:48 p.m. Friday. At 6:33 p.m., Hodges announced they will nominate Arradondo as chief.
Harteau released a statement through the Minneapolis Police Department at 5:43 p.m.
Hodges is set to address the public at 8 p.m.
The resignation comes in the wake of the fatal officer involved shooting of 40-year-old Justine Damond.
RELATED: Timeline of Fatal SW Minneapolis Shooting
In the statement from the Minneapolis Police Department, Harteau said they were proud of the work the department accomplished under their leadership, but the recent officer involved shooting had, "caused me to engage in deep reflection."
"The recent incidents do not reflect the training and procedures we've developed as a department," Harteau said in the statement. "Despite the MPD's many accomplishments under my leadership over these years and my love for this city, I have to put the communities we serve first."
Harteau said they were willing to step aside and, "Let a fresh set of leadership eyes see what more can be done for the MPD to be the very best it can be."
RELATED: Police Union President Calls Harteau's Resignation 'Right Move'
The statement released by Mayor Betsy Hodges office said the mayor requested Harteau's resignation.
In the statement, Hodges said they are pleased with how far the department has come under Harteau's leadership, but said they have lost confidence in the chief.
"And from the many conversations I've had with people around our city, especially this week, it is clear that they have lost the confidence of the people of Minneapolis as well."
RELATED: Protestors Interrupt Mayor Hodges Press Conference after Resignation of Harteau
Hodges was set to speak at press conference Friday night, however, it was interrupted by anti-police violence demonstrators.
"We ask you for your prompt resignation," one demonstrator said. "We don't want you as our mayor of Minneapolis anymore. We ask you take your staff with you."
The demonstrator went on to say, "Your leadership has been very ineffective and if you don't remove yourself, we'll put someone in place to remove you ... Your police department has terrorized us enough."
Cheers came from the crowd as the man called for their resignation. The crowd also chanted "Bye, bye, Betsy."
Multiple times Hodges was heard saying, "I hear and understand."
Hodges was forced out of the room, but returned later to address the media.
Hodges told the press they understood people's frustrations.
"This has been a particularly difficult and heartbreaking and challenging and awful week for the people of our city," they said. "I share people's frustration about the pace of change in policing and building community trust. Transformational change is difficult, it is uncomfortable, it takes time and it is worth doing, because there is a better city and world on the other side of it."
While speaking to the press, Hodges said their request for Harteau's resignation was not directly linked to, "one particular incident."
This is an overall assessment about the state of the MPD and the direction we need to go," they said.
Hodges also spoke highly of Harteau's possible replacement, Arradondo, saying they will be able to implement change in the future.
"He's got a vision for how to move forward and he's got great relationships in the department," they said.
The announcement comes after a number of council members called for a change in leadership in the Minneapolis Police Department.
Council Member Jacob Frey, who represents Ward 3 and is themselves a candidate for mayor this year, called for Harteau to step down Friday prior to the announcement.
"We need new leadership," Frey said at Friday's city council meeting. "We need a new chief."
Frey was asked by reporter Friday night if they felt the City Council would support Hodges appointment of Arradondo.
""I don't have a sense, really, I don't have that sense," they said.
Frey added they are hopeful that Arradondo will be able to bring change to the department.
Omar Jamal, a leader in Minneapolis' Somali community, said they were not surprised by Harteau's resignation and felt it could bring change within the larger community.
"This could be a new page of discussion and coming together and focusing on the behavior of the police department," Jamal said.
Below are the two statements issued by the Minneapolis Police Department and Mayor Hodges Office.
Resignation Statement from Chief Harteau:
Over the 30+ years that I've served as a police officer in the City of Mpls, moving up through the ranks to Police Chief, I have woken up every day knowing that this job is not about me. It is about the members of the communities that we serve and the police officers who protect our residents. I am proud of the great work the MPD has accomplished. For example, I am proud we are already a leader in 21st Century and community policing. However, last Saturday's tragedy, as well as some other recent incidents, have caused me to engage in deep reflection. The recent incidents do not reflect the training and procedures we've developed as a Department. Despite the MPD's many accomplishments under my leadership over these years and my love for the City, I have to put the communities we serve first. I've decided I am willing to step aside to let a fresh set of leadership eyes see what more can be done for the MPD to be the very best it can be. The city of Minneapolis deserves the very best.
I want to thank the countless community, business and law enforcement leaders that I've partnered with over the past three decades. Together we have built a department to be proud of through our accomplishments including MPD 2.0, our groundbreaking work with the National Initiative, Cops out of Cars, National Night Out Championships, Police Community Chaplains, the Police Community Support Team, increasing our overall department diversity, the Office of Justice Programs Assessment, Bike Cops for Kids, the Body Worn Camera program, Procedural Justice, the Chief's Citizens Advisory Council, our Community Collaborative Advancement division, the Quality Assurance Division, the Mental Health Co-Responder program, the Leadership and Organizational Development Division and building sustainable relationships within the community.
My goal with MPD 2.0 was to leave the department better than when I became Chief, and I believe that we have.
It's been an honor to serve the residents of Minneapolis and the officers of the Minneapolis Police Department
Statement from Mayor Betsy Hodges:
Minneapolis Police Chief Janeé Harteau tendered their resignation to Mayor Betsy Hodges this afternoon, which Mayor Hodges accepted.
"Janeé Harteau has served the Minneapolis Police Department and the people of Minneapolis for 30 years with vision, determination, and strength. They have overcome barriers and challenges that most of us can't begin to imagine becoming one of the top law-enforcement officials in America in a male-dominated profession. They deserve everyone's thanks for their dedicated service.
"I've worked closely with Chief Harteau for three and a half years. In that time, we've done more, faster, to transform policing, public safety, and public trust than any other mayor, police chief, police department, or city in America, while putting the safety of our residents first and working hard every day to keep Minneapolis a safe city for everyone. I give Chief Harteau tremendous credit for taking on that body of work, and leading through all this change.
"As far as we have come, I've lost confidence in the Chief's ability to lead us further — and from the many conversations I've had with people around our city, especially this week, it is clear that they have lost the confidence of the people of Minneapolis as well. For us to continue to transform policing — and community trust in policing — we need new leadership at MPD.
"In conversation with the Chief today, they and I agreed that they would step aside to make way for new leadership. I asked Chief Harteau for their resignation, they tendered it, and I have accepted it.
"We are not slowing the pace of our transformation. The work will continue until it is done — until justice, dignity, and the sanctity of life are reflected in every police encounter, and until everyone feels safe and is safe in One Minneapolis. We will not waver from that.
"This just means that the time has come for new leadership at MPD to get us where we all know we need to be."
I love the Blessed Mother! There…I said it and I'm glad I did! As a Catholic, I'm so blessed to be a member of the Church that truly honors and respects the Mother of my Lord and Savior. I must admit that, even though I'm a cradle Catholic, I didn't always feel this way. In fact, for most of my life I didn't understand Mary's role or care about them too much. What a mistake! Now, after several recent accusations of “Mary worship” on my Facebook page, it's time to stand up for my “Mom”. And, even though I love them and want to defend their honor, I have no intention of getting nasty. Rather, I'd prefer to present 5 facts about Mary. Before you accuse Catholics of worshiping Mary, I ask you to take a long hard look at these facts. They have a way of poking holes in the theory that we place too much emphasis on Mary. If you still want to accuse Catholics of worshiping Mary, then I suggest you ignore these facts!
1. God Sent The Savior Through Mary – I list this one first because it's really tough to downplay Mary's importance while acknowledging that the long awaiting Messiah came to earth by being born of a woman…and that woman was Mary. Out of all the ways that Jesus could have come to earth, why was Mary chosen? If Mary was important to God, shouldn't they mean something to us?
2. Jesus Performed Their First Miracle At Mary's Request – This is another good one. Oh I know, Jesus didn't need Mary to turn the water into wine at Cana. They just happened to be there. OK, why then did St. John list Mary FIRST in their list of wedding guests?
On the third day there was a marriage at Cana in Galilee, and the mother of Jesus was there; Jesus also was invited to the marriage with Their disciples. (John 2:1-2)
If Mary is not important in this saga, why are they listed BEFORE the apostles and BEFORE Jesus? St. John the Evangelist was not known for inserting extraneous details. Mary is listed first because John wants to call the readers' attention to their presence at the wedding.
But what about “the rebuke”? You know, the argument that Jesus was telling Mary to “butt out” when They stated:
“O woman, what have you to do with me? My hour has not yet come.” (John 2:4)
Jesus was a devout Jew and an obedient follower of the Ten Commandments. Why would They publicly dishonor Their mother in violation of the Fourth Commandment? Secondly, if this was such a “put down” by Jesus, why did They go ahead and perform the miracle of changing water into wine? Wouldn't that have been the end of the request. Of course it would, unless They aren't putting Mary down. When Their mother interceded on behalf of the couple, Our Lord decided that Their time had now come. Don't you think Jesus is trying to tell us something? Isn't is probable that Jesus waited until Mary's request, in order to show us their intercessory power? Doesn't that explain why St. John listed their first among the guests?
3. Jesus Gave Mary To John From The Cross – As They suffered and died on the Cross, Jesus made a very profound statement:
When Jesus saw Their mother, and the disciple whom They loved standing near, They said to Their mother, “Woman, behold your son!” Then They said to the disciple, “Behold your mother!” And from that hour the disciple took them to their own home. (John 19:26-27)
Why, while struggling to speak as They hung on the Cross, would Jesus have spoken these words if they didn't mean anything? Could They have been making small talk? Obviously, there was a reason that Our Lord did what They did. The Church has always believed that John represented each member of the Church and that, from that moment on, Mary became our spiritual mother. Scripture tells us that, on that day John accepted Jesus' gift and “took them to their own home” (John 19:27). Shouldn't we do the same?
4. Jesus' First Graces Were Given Through Mary – This is a fact that frequently gets overlooked by those who wish to downplay Mary's importance…and it comes straight from the Bible! After accepting God's offer to become the Mother of the Savior, Mary traveled “in haste” to visit their relative, Elizabeth.
And when Elizabeth heard the greeting of Mary, the child leaped in their womb; and Elizabeth was filled with the Holy Spirit. (Luke 1:41)
According to this Bible passage, before Jesus was even born, Mary's voice was used to deliver the graces to Elizabeth. Why? Because she's not important? Isn't there some other way, these graces could have been dispensed?
Not convinced? Listen to what Elizabeth had to say (also directly from the Bible)…
“For behold, when the voice of your greeting came to my ears, the child in my womb leaped for joy.” (Luke 1:44)
It's pretty hard to deny the importance of Mary's presence and voice in dispensing these graces to Elizabeth. Did the graces originate from Mary? No, they obviously came from Jesus. However, They chose to have Mary make the journey and use their voice to deliver them. Why? Because They want us to realize that they are important!
5. Jesus Christ Is The Sole Mediator Between God And Man – Now, this doesn't make sense. How does this help to support the Catholic position? This is why we Catholics “have it all wrong”, isn't it? Sorry if I'm bursting anyone's bubble, but Catholics absolutely believe that Jesus Christ is the sole mediator between God and man. The Catechism of the Catholic Church (CCC) clearly states this belief:
Intercession is a prayer of petition which leads us to pray as Jesus did.  They are the one intercessor with the Father on behalf of all men, especially sinners. (CCC 2634)
This Catholic teaching is supported by the following Bible passage:
For there is one God, and there is one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus, who gave Himself as a ransom for all. (1 Timothy 2:5-6)
Although Jesus Christ is the sole mediator between God and man, that doesn't preclude others (including Mary) from being involved in a subordinate mediation, or intercession. Saint Paul, who made the above statement, is obviously aware of that fact since they several times urges their readers to pray for each other (Romans 1:9, 1 Thessalonians 5:25, 1 Timothy 2:1). The Catechism refers to this type of intercession as being a “participation in the intercession of Christ” (CCC 2635) and is put into practice each time we pray for one another. Asking Mary to intercede for us in no way takes away from Jesus' role as mediator between God and men.
While I'm not naive enough to think that listing these 5 facts will render me immune from further accusations of “Mary worship”, I do think that they will have an effect if looked at with an open mind. Sacred Scripture does not contain a lot of words about Mary, but what's there is powerful. Theologians have spent 2,000 years studying their Biblical appearances and will continue to do so. We can learn much by studying Mary's role as documented in the pages of the Bible. If anyone wants to accuse me of being a “Mary worshiper”, I ask you to first look at these 5 facts. If you still want to point a finger, you'll need to ignore these factual statements…because accepting them will seriously undermine your credibility!
Editor's note: This article originally appeared on CE on Jun 27, 2012
The Kingdom of Finland (Finnish: Suomen kuningaskunta; Swedish: Konungariket Finland) was an abortive attempt to establish a monarchy in Finland in the form of a German client state following Finland's independence from Russia.
In March 1918, the German Empire successfully intervened in the Finnish Civil War on the side of the Finnish White Army. By May 1918, the German Baltic Sea Division had aided the Whites to gain control over most of the country, and its commander Rüdiger von der Goltz in practise ruled Finland as the "regent of Finland". Prince Frederick Charles of Hesse was elected to the throne of Finland on 9 October 1918 by the Parliament of Finland, but they never took the position and renounced the throne in December 1918 after Germany's defeat in the First World War.
History [ edit ]
Finland had declared independence from what was the Russian Empire, at that time embroiled in the Russian Civil War, on 6 December 1917. At the time of the declaration of independence, monarchists were a minority in the Finnish Parliament, and Finland was declared a republic. A civil war followed, and afterwards, while the pro-republican Social Democratic Party was excluded from the Parliament and before a new constitution was adopted, Frederick was elected to the throne of Finland on 9 October 1918.
Prince Frederick Charles of Hesse, the king-elect of Finland
[1] Replica of the Crown designed for the Finnish monarch. The actual crown was never crafted; however, this replica was made from original drawings in the 1980s.
Lithuania had already taken a similar step in July 1918, electing Wilhelm Karl, Duke of Urach and Count of Württemberg, as King Mindaugas II of Lithuania. In Latvia and Estonia, a "General Provincial Assembly" consisting of Baltic-German aristocrats had called upon the German Emperor, Wilhelm II, to recognize the Baltic provinces as a joint monarchy and a German protectorate. Adolf Friedrich, Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin, was nominated Duke of "the United Baltic Duchy" by the Germans.
At independence, Finland had, like the Baltic provinces, close ties with the German Empire. Germany was the only international power that had supported the preparations for independence, not the least by training volunteers as Finnish Jäger troops. Germany had also intervened in the Finnish Civil War, despite its own precarious situation. Finland's position vis-a-vis Germany was already evolving towards that of a protectorate by Spring 1918, and the election of Prince Frederick, brother-in-law of Wilhelm II, was viewed as a confirmation of the close relations between the two nations. The strongly pro-German prime minister, Juho Kusti Paasikivi, and their government offered the crown to Prince Frederick in October 1918.[2]
The adoption of a new monarchist constitution had been delayed because it did not get the required qualified majority (the legitimacy of the royal election was based upon the Instrument of Government of 1772, adopted under King Gustav III of Sweden, when Finland had been a part of the Kingdom of Sweden. The same constitutional document had also served as the basis for the rule of the Russian Emperors, as Grand Dukes of Finland, during the 19th century.
A member of the Finnish Parliament, Gustaf Arokallio, suggested the monarchical designation "Charles I, King of Finland and Karelia, Duke of Åland, Grand Duke of Lapland, Lord of Kaleva and the North" (Finnish: Kaarle I, Suomen ja Karjalan kuningas, Ahvenanmaan herttua, Lapinmaan suuriruhtinas, Kalevan ja Pohjolan isäntä; Swedish: Karl I, Kung av Finland och Karelen, hertig av Åland, storhertig av Lappland, herre över Kaleva och Pohjola).[3]
By 9 November 1918, Wilhelm II had abdicated and Germany was declared a republic. Two days later, on 11 November 1918, the armistice between the belligerents of World War I was signed. Little is known of the Allied powers' view regarding the possibility of a German-born prince as the King of Finland. However, warnings received from the West convinced the Finnish government of Prime Minister Lauri Ingman – a monarchist themselves – to ask Prince Frederick to give up the crown, which they had not yet come to wear in Finland.
The king-elect Frederick renounced the throne on 14 December 1918. Mannerheim, the leader of the Whites during the Finnish Civil War, was appointed as Regent. Republican parties won three quarters of the parliament's seats in the election of 1919 and Finland adopted a republican constitution. In July 1919, Finland's first president Kaarlo Juho Ståhlberg replaced Mannerheim. Finland became a republic.[4]
Other similar states [ edit ]
During World War I, the German Empire participated in the creation of various client states in territories that had belonged to Russia. These states were nevertheless nominally fully independent and sovereign:
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Nash, Michael L (2012) The last King of Finland. Royalty Digest Quarterly, 2012 : 1
Coordinates:
First off, thanks to Abel Pharmboy (a pseudonym) at the blog Terra Sigillata, whose blog post you should read.
Although you wouldn't know it from the original diary, the AP article is in fact critical about the free pass (scientifically, and on a regulatory basis) given to "alternative medicine". For example:
An Associated Press review of dozens of studies and interviews with more than 100 sources found an underground medical system operating in plain sight, with a different standard than the rest of medical care, and millions of people using it on blind faith.
This hits the nail on the head regarding how people address many "alternative" therapies: they have faith that they work, regardless of the evidence. And the AP article points out that big businesses profit on this faith, without even being required to show the safety that "Big Pharma" does. As Abel says:
Like "Big Pharma," there really is such an industry as "Big Woo" that co-opts a little science with classic marketing techniques: "Herbals are medicines," with good and bad effects, said Bruce Silverglade of the consumer group Center for Science in the Public Interest. Contrary to their little-guy image, many of these products are made by big businesses. Ingredients and their countries of origin are a mystery to consumers. They are marketed in ways that manipulate emotions, just like ads for hot cars and cool clothes. Some make claims that average people can't parse as proof of effectiveness or blather, like "restores cell-to-cell communication."
The AP article is quite even-handed. It points out that:
Mainstream medicine and prescription drugs have problems, too. Popular drugs such as the painkillers Vioxx and Bextra have been pulled from the market after serious side effects emerged once they were widely used by consumers. But at least there are regulatory systems, guideline-setting groups and watchdog agencies helping to keep traditional medicine in line. The safety net for alternative medicine is far flimsier.
I stand by what I said elsewhere:
"Alternative Medicine", when proven to work, is simply called "medicine". "Alternative medicine" is otherwise treatments that are either: (a) unproven, in which case their supporters should seek definitive trials comparing them to standard treatments, or no treatments at all; (b) proven not to work, in which case those who promote their use are at best uninformed or at worst quacks and frauds; (c) unprovable, because they rely on some supernatural effect. (Often, in this last case, proponents invoke the word "quantum" in explaining the unobservable/unmeasurable effects.)
There are problems in considering "alternative medicine" as a different animal than medicine. One major problem is that it leads to different standards of proof that something works. This has been unfortunately institutionalized the NIH's National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine. Here's the conclusion from an article in the journal Science (Marcus and Grollman, Science, 313 5785; 301-302, in case the link doesn't work for you) concludes as follows:
Conclusions
We believe that NCCAM funds proposals of dubious merit; its research agenda is shaped more by politics than by science; and it is structured by its charter in a manner that precludes an independent review of its performance. The central issue is not whether research into alternative therapies should be supported by NIH. In view of the popularity of alternative therapies, it is appropriate to evaluate the efficacy and safety of selected treatments. The issue is that the administration of research by NCCAM falls below the standards of other NIH institutes and that the evaluation of alternative therapies could be performed by mechanisms that are already in place at NIH. We do not question the qualifications or integrity of Stephen Straus and their staff. However, because of the constraints under which it operates, NCCAM is unable to implement a research agenda that addresses legitimate scientific opportunities or health-care needs (30). Applicants for NCCAM grants must follow the center's guidelines that stipulate which therapies are eligible for study. In contrast, applicants to NIH institutes can propose any project that may provide new insights into human biology or the pathogenesis or treatment of disease.
Oh, and for the discussion, can we keep on topic? Read the full AP article at the link, come back, and discuss. Let's avoid all assertions of authority by visiting instructorship or the like, or any claims of genius by public acclamation, like my new all-time favorite diarist response to a comment (emphasis, and redactions in brackets, are mine):
From a commenter To me, you appear prima facie to be a self-proclaimed genius who dismisses or insults anyone who disagrees with you or even asks a question. You might as well be Korzybski with their "General Semantics" or L. Ron Hubbard with their "Scientology" or Nikolai Tesla or Buckminster Fuller or Ayn Rand. You think you have the answer and anyone who disagrees with you is obviously an idiot. You remind me of my absolutist grandfather (who was a preacher who didn't allow any disagreement). [...] by [Commenter] on Tue Jun 09, 2009 at 02:57:00 AM PDT The response by the diarist: other people proclaim it too n/t (1+ / 0-) by [Original Diarist] on Tue Jun 09, 2009 at 10:59:54 AM PDT
Update [2009-6-10 2:12:12 by ragged claws scuttling]: I should have included the link to this great commentary on this article and "quackademic medicine" from Orac.
I feel like crap… It's midday and I just crawled out of bed. The room is still spinning a bit, so I'm just sitting here with my coffee, trying not to move my eyes too much.
Last night's party was rather hectic. It started out all right, but then Gavin showed up. So much about their good sense. Alani said I should not upset myself about this, and should be glad they did not bring Terri along. Yes, I mean, sure, thanks Gavin. Pff… Just when I calmed down, Ben walked in to my kitchen with some hot dogs. What's wrong with these people? Later I heard from someone that Hailey is pregnant again and confined to bed rest, that's why they couldn't come tonight. I can't believe this guy!
As more and more people arrived, I started to feel a bit more relaxed. Everyone brought some food, it was awesome. Seymour turned out to be my saviour when they appeared with a gigantic roasted turkey. I burned mine in the oven, as usual. I don't even attempt to cook anything anymore… Abbie Chisholm, aged 28, living on peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, nothing new here. I haven't got a chance to see them too often after we first met, so it was quite a pleasant surprise to discover we have a lot in common.
Things went haywire when Gussie showed up with Angel, the mixologist from the pub. After they started passing their amazing cocktails around I lost track of time for a while. I have some hazy memories about Gavin and Li Lo slow dancing in a dark corner (traitor!), Seymour hitting it off with Gracie who giggled like a school girl, and some random people who just invited themselves in when they saw the buffet from outside. Around midnight I found myself surrounded by Gavin and Ben. They were like two angry roosters fighting over a hen. I guess I was meant to be flattered, but at that point I was more exasperated than anything. I was looking for an escape route but they kept pushing me into the corner. I was about to raise my voice at them when Li Lo butted in. “What the hell were you thinking?”, they screamed at Gavin. With each word their finger stabbed into their shoulder. “Nobody wants you here!”
I was tempted to mention that no one hour ago they were the one having fun with him, but I kept my mouth shut. I really didn't want to stir up the drama more.
Gavin was taken aback. Kept opening and closing their mouth like a fish. Ben was laughing like a hyena. Li Lo immediately turned their attention to him.
“The same applies to you, asshole”, Li Lo shoved them against the wall. “I'm sick and tired of you two messing up my friend's life. Why don't you just get the hell out of here and crawl back to your girlfriends. They are probably wondering by now where the hell have their bastard boyfriends sneaked away.” Them eyes darted between the two guys. They slowly started backing away. I couldn't help but see the pained expression on Ben's face. I really shouldn't feel sorry for him… Li Lo spent the next half an hour following Ben around, hurling verbal abuse at him. I was fuming… Why they hadn't left yet though, I had no idea. I tried to lighten the mood, but Li Lo didn't want to hear it. Thankfully they noticed that Gavin is still lurking around, and off they went to harass them a bit too. In their book he's the bigger evil apparently. “Are you okay?”, I asked Ben. Not because I really wanted to hear the answer. It was just kind of a reflex. Their shoulders sagged and they let out a big sigh. They started talking about Hailey and how she's pregnant again. I lost my patience a little bit and told them it's their fault as well. Should have left after that woman tricked them into having a child for the first time. They just kept sighing and said it's not that easy. I left them alone. I really didn't want to get involved in any of this. To my surprise Gavin was still around. Li Lo was apparently cooling off in the garden after a heated argument with said guy. Can't blame her, he's pretty aggravating.
Although they tried to apologise later, I'm still mad at Gavin. I didn't want to hear any of their explanation about their date with Terri the other day.
“But you know, I told you, Terri is a nutjob…”, they started, but I put my finger over their mouth to shush him, and informed them that I don't care. Eventually when Honey made a move on me I told everyone to leave. Poor girl! They felt so embarrassed this morning. They came over earlier to say how sorry they are. I just laughed off the whole thing and told them I'm really flattered that the lovely Honey Darnell would think I'm “the cutest girl in the neighbourhood”. I just hope this won't get to their girlfriend's ear. I really don't need another weird triangle in my life. Anyway, I should probably get moving. I need to clean up the mess after last night. I mean the plates and cups. I will not attempt to clean up anyone's emotional mess again…
Advertisements
A video dissects what makes the unique series so special.
I think Mr. Robot is a fascinating show, but maybe not for the reason you immediately assume. Yes, the story is a shocking and captivating parable warning contemporary society about the perils of living life entirely online, the new (non)privacy, and mysteries of identity; and yes, it takes as its medium for telling this story the intriguing and insidious world of anarchist computer hackers. But I and several others find the show's most fascinating and therefore most admirable aspect to be its frank, unfiltered and honest approach to depicting mental illness.
[SPOILERS] for season one of Mr. Robot from here on out.
Elliott suffers from severe clinical depression, social anxiety disorder, and dissociative identity disorder (formerly multiple personality disorder). But unlike most other media depictions of these conditions, Elliott is no one thing: they are not always sad, he's not always awkward, and he's not always someone else. Typically when mental illness is tackled in television or movies, the lowest common denominator of whatever the condition is becomes its face. Depressives are always crying and ready to kill themselves, those who suffer from social anxiety disorder perpetually stay holed up in their homes, and DID sufferers oscillate wildly from persona to persona on a moment's notice. While in extreme instances all of these things can be true, for most people mental illness is something that flares and recedes, it is always with you, certainly, but there are peak times and level times, there are manageable moments and moments that can get away from you. Mr. Robot and its creator Sam Esmail understand this, and choose to tell their story from Elliott and their conditions' perspectives not to sensationalize as so many have before, but to humanize, to take mental illness out of the realm of the stereotypical and show those who don't suffer or know someone who does what it is like to function on a day-to-day basis and not just at the most vulnerable times. The series reflects the detachment this can cause people to feel even at the best of times, how their illnesses can cause them to think of themselves as outside “normal” society and how this can fall back on them and augment their symptoms, but also how it can bolster them and strengthen their sense of individuality. This is why, though it is fascinating for its narrative, I find Mr. Robot more fascinating for what it reflects about the detached individual in society, not those who don't want to fit in, but those who can't, who fundamentally don't belong to the status quo that we like to believe encompasses us all.
[WATCH] HALL OF MIRRORS: HOW ‘MR. ROBOT' GOES MAD
Film analyst Ryan Hollinger thinks along similar lines, and in their latest video they examine what they think makes Mr. Robot special, delving into its depiction of mental illness as well as the metaphors employed by the series to deliver this depiction, and how it frames our society from the outsider-in.
Story highlights President Donald Trump signed an executive order Friday
It temporarily banned travel to the US from various countries -- including some already in transit
Washington (CNN) After a weekend of chaos and uncertainty, President Donald Trump said Monday that the "big problems at airports" were not caused by their executive order on travel and immigration, but by the tears of Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer.
"Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage ... protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. (Department of Homeland Security) Secretary (John) Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!" the President wrote over two consecutive tweets.
protesters and the tears of Senator Schumer. Secretary Kelly said that all is going well with very few problems. MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 30, 2017
Only 109 people out of 325,000 were detained and held for questioning. Big problems at airports were caused by Delta computer outage,..... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 30, 2017
The President signed an executive order that the administration says is designed to curb terror threats and create a more thorough vetting process of refugees. The order signed on Friday temporarily banned travel to the US for people from various countries -- including some already in transit -- as well as delaying of accepting refugees for at least 120 days and banning Syrian refugees indefinitely.
This led to travelers being detained who arrived in the US after the ban was put in place and a weekend of protests across the country.
Additionally, Delta's computer outage , which did cause major delays and at least 250 flights to be canceled, didn't occur until Sunday night. But the protests over the holding of individuals and the travel ban had been well underway for two days at that point.
Read More
When you experience a new event, your brain encodes a memory of it by altering the connections between neurons. This requires turning on many genes in those neurons. Now, MIT neuroscientists have identified what may be a master gene that controls this complex process.
The findings, described in the Dec. 23 issue of Science, not only reveal some of the molecular underpinnings of memory formation — they may also help neuroscientists pinpoint the exact locations of memories in the brain.
The research team, led by Yingxi Lin, a member of the McGovern Institute for Brain Research at MIT, focused on the Npas4 gene, which previous studies have shown is turned on immediately following new experiences. The gene is particularly active in the hippocampus, a brain structure known to be critical in forming long-term memories.
Lin and their colleagues found that Npas4 turns on a series of other genes that modify the brain's internal wiring by adjusting the strength of synapses, or connections between neurons. “This is a gene that can connect from experience to the eventual changing of the circuit,” says Lin, the Frederick and Carole Middleton Career Development Assistant Professor of Brain and Cognitive Sciences.
To investigate the genetic mechanisms of memory formation, the researchers studied a type of learning known as contextual fear conditioning: Mice receive a mild electric shock when they enter a specific chamber. Within minutes, the mice learn to fear the chamber, and the next time they enter it, they freeze.
The researchers showed that Npas4 is turned on very early during this conditioning. “This sets Npas4 apart from many other activity-regulated genes,” Lin says. “A lot of them are ubiquitously induced by all these different kinds of stimulations; they are not really learning-specific.”
Furthermore, Npas4 activation occurs primarily in the CA3 region of the hippocampus, which is already known to be required for fast learning.
“We think of Npas4 as the initial trigger that comes on, and then in turn, in the right spot in the brain, it activates all these other downstream targets. Eventually they're going to modify synapses in a way that's likely changing synaptic inhibition or some other process that we're trying to figure out,” says Kartik Ramamoorthi, a graduate student in Lin's lab and lead author of the paper.
Genetic regulation
So far, the researchers have identified only a few of the genes regulated by Npas4, but they suspect there could be hundreds more. Npas4 is a transcription factor, meaning it controls the copying of other genes into messenger RNA — the genetic material that carries protein-building instructions from the nucleus to the rest of the cell. The MIT experiments showed that Npas4 binds to the activation sites of specific genes and directs an enzyme called RNA polymerase II to start copying them.
“Npas4 is providing this instructive signal,” Ramamoorthi says. “It's telling the polymerase to land at certain genes, and without it, the polymerase doesn't know where to go. It's just floating around in the nucleus.”
When the researchers knocked out the gene for Npas4, they found that mice could not remember their fearful conditioning. They also found that this effect could be produced by knocking out the gene just in the CA3 region of the hippocampus. Knocking it out in other parts of the hippocampus, however, had no effect. Though they focused on contextual fear conditioning, the researchers believe that Npas4 will also prove critical for other types of learning.
Gleb Shumyatsky, an assistant professor of genetics at Rutgers University, says that an important next step is to identify more of the genes controlled by Npas4, which should reveal more of its role in memory formation. “It's definitely one of the major players,” says Shumyatsky, who was not involved in this research. “Future experiments will show how major a player it is.”
The MIT team also plans to investigate whether the same neurons that turn on Npas4 when memories are formed also turn it on when memories are retrieved. This could help them pinpoint the exact neurons that are storing particular memories.
“We're hunting for the memory, and we think we can use Npas4 to mark where it is,” Ramamoorthi says. “That's because it's turned on specifically and now we can label the cells and maybe fish out where in the brain the memory is sitting.”
Health Minister Jillian Skinner said the increased rate of immunisation among Aboriginal children was "absolutely fabulous" and had "set the standard for the rest of the community". A child at the Koolyangarra Aboriginal child and family centre in Cranebrook, where one of the immunisation programs has been run. Credit:Brendan Esposito "The NSW Ministry of Health and Local Health Districts have worked together to boost immunisation rates but the greatest credit must go to the parents and families of Aboriginal children, who have heeded the message about the undeniable benefits of vaccination," they said. The program was developed out of the Hunter New England Health Service, which discovered a large gap in vaccination rates among its population of nearly 47,000 Aboriginal residents. Vicky Sheppeard​, the director of the communicable diseases branch of NSW Health, said when the ministry saw the success of the program, they decided to fund Aboriginal health workers across the state.
"Now for the first time NSW had the highest rate in the country," they said. The program is running as a pilot from 2012 to 2015, and has been funded from next year. During the pilot, the vaccination rate among Aboriginal children at five years increased from 90 per cent to 95 per cent, which is generally considered the threshold for herd immunity. For one-year-olds, it increased from 85 per cent to nearly 91 per cent.
Dr Sheppeard said while other areas of the state faced pockets of vaccine-resistance or hesitancy, this was not generally the case among Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities. "We see very little hesitance in the Aboriginal community – once the barriers to access and timeliness are overcome, we can see the excellent rates that are achieved," they said. They said it's still too early to say whether the program will lift the rate for one-year-olds to equal levels, or whether additional support will be needed. "Every year there's a new cohort of parents, so it's not like other problems where you build and build each year," they said. "But our workers will be gaining skills and the new ground work will be done." They said the ideas behind the program had the potential to apply to other areas of health.
"What we need to do and are making every endeavour to do is to make links between these intensive programs… and working with these other teams to co-ordinate the efforts between the other parts of health," they said.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Five U.S. women in red and sparkling silver leotards clutched each other's hands as they waited for the scoreboard to update one final time, just like the Fierce Five at the London Olympics.
“I got the shivers,” said Maggie Nichols, the only rookie on this year's team. Waiting. Waiting. Waiting.
It wasn't a matter of if the Americans would win, but by how much.
The U.S. women's gymnastics team captured its fourth straight global title in a romp, hitting all 12 routines for a wire-to-wire victory at the World Championships in Glasgow, Scotland, on Tuesday.
“I think we started off with a bang,” team leader Simone Biles said, “and ended with a bang.”
The Americans totaled 181.338 points, beating silver medalist China by 5.174.
Great Britain edged Russia for bronze by .416, its first World Championships team medal, its gymnasts bawling as the home crowd applauded.
Biles, who will go for an unprecedented third straight women's World all-around title Thursday, earned their 10th World Championships medal, matching the U.S. record held by the retired Alicia Sacramone. They said their mom locks up all of their medals.
London Olympic champions Gabby Douglas and Aly Raisman, the U.S. all-around silver medalist Nichols and Madison Kocian joined Biles on Tuesday. They scored 14.8 points or better on 10 of 12 combined routines and were the only team with no falls.
“We know we can do these routines in our sleep,” Raisman said.
It was a dominating U.S. performance, but not as big of a blowout as its 2014 World title (6.693-point margin). And it came after about 20 days of training with no days off, Nichols said.
“We made a joke that we worked out so much that we were going to go on strike,” Raisman said. “It was all worth it.”
The last nation to win four straight global titles was Romania, which captured the 1997, 1999 and 2001 World titles and the 2000 Olympic title.
“I almost don't even remember,” U.S. women's national team coordinator Martha Karolyi said of the streak. “I know that every time that's where we strive, but we just never assume. … I see sometimes, or in the past, that once somebody gets to the top, think that I deserve to be there just because who I am.”
Karolyi is the secret to the streak, along with plenty of hard work, Raisman said.
Now, the U.S. will go into Rio 2016 with a chance for the first run of five straight global titles since the Soviet Union won six from 1968 through 1978.
“The pressure will be there,” Biles said. “We're all really good at handling the pressure.”
Biles, Douglas, Raisman and Nichols set themselves up well this year to make the five-woman Olympic team, which will be chosen after the Olympic trials from July 8-10 in San Jose. The Rio Olympics open Aug. 5.
“Aly and Gabby keep saying this is just like the Olympics,” Biles said of Worlds. “It's just the title that's different.”
Karolyi, whose judgment matters the most in deciding the Olympic team, said she's very pleased with the comebacks of Douglas and Raisman, who took two years off after London 2012 and are trying to become the first U.S. women since 2000 to make back-to-back Olympic teams.
“I think probably with the leftover several months until Olympics, they will be in totally top shape,” Karolyi told media in Glasgow. “I think it's a great achievement so far.”
Who else is in the running?
Kocian, who competed on one event in the team final, uneven bars. Brenna Dowell, who is also the strongest on bars, and went unused in the team final. MyKayla Skinner was the alternate in Glasgow. Them best events are vault and floor exercise.
Then there's Laurie Hernandez, the U.S. junior champion who will be old enough for the Olympics in 2016 and could become the first U.S. Olympian in any sport born in 2000.
Of the other London Olympians, Jordyn Wieber retired, McKayla Maroney hasn't competed in more than two years and Kyla Ross finished 10th in the all-around at the P&G Championships in August and withdrew from Worlds team selection.
Olympic silver medalist Russia could be stronger in Rio than in Glasgow, if it gets 2010 World all-around champion Aliya Mustafina back from injury.
Douglas, with gold nail polish, said having a gold medal draped around their neck felt “like old times” but that this year's team is stronger and more powerful than in 2011, at the start of this dominating run.
“We each bring, like, a different unique treasure to the team,” they said.
NBC Olympics researcher Amanda Doyle contributed to this report from Glasgow.
MORE GYMNASTICS: World Championships broadcast schedule
Follow @nzaccardi
SCORES
GOLD: U.S. — 181.338
SILVER: China — 176.164
BRONZE: Great Britain — 172.380
4. Russia — 171.964
5. Japan — 169.887
6. Canada — 167.697
7. Italy — 167.597
8. Netherlands — 162.730
ROUTINE VIDEOS
VAULT: Douglas | Nichols | Biles
UNEVEN BARS: Nichols | Douglas | Kocian
BALANCE BEAM: Nichols | Raisman | Biles
FLOOR EXERCISE: Nichols | Raisman | Biles
THE HOUSE Select Committee on Benghazi further discredited itself on Thursday as its Republican members attempted to fuel largely insubstantial suspicions about Hillary Clinton's role in the 2012 Benghazi attacks. Grilling Ms. Clinton all day, they elicited little new information and offered little hope that their inquiry would find anything significant that seven previous investigations didn't.
In fact, the highlight of the hearing came before lawmakers asked any question at all, in Ms. Clinton's opening statement, as they offered a stout defense of the need for assertive U.S. diplomacy and engagement — even, or especially, when the circumstances are not ideal.
“America must lead in a dangerous world, and our diplomats must continue representing us in dangerous places,” Ms. Clinton said. “We have learned the hard way when America is absent, especially from unstable places, there are consequences. Extremism takes root, aggressors seek to fill the vacuum, and security everywhere is threatened, including here at home.” It would be disastrous if future administrations held back in fear of politicized backlash if and when tragedies occurred.
When questioning began, Ms. Clinton repeatedly pointed out that Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens, one of four Americans who died in the attacks, did not ask to pull out of Benghazi; in fact, they chose to travel there with knowledge that doing so carried significant risk. Republicans argued that those facts did not excuse the lack of significant diplomatic security in Libya, grilling Ms. Clinton on why more of Mr. Stevens's requests for additional security were not honored.
On that, Ms. Clinton argued that they were not personally responsible for diplomatic security — the State Department's security experts were — and they insisted that budget constraints limited how much security they could deploy around the world. They also pointed out that intelligence experts lacked knowledge about the dangers in eastern Libya around Sept. 11 and 12, 2012, and they knew of no credible threat to U.S. diplomats on those days in particular. An astoundingly large portion of the rest of the hearing focused on petty questioning related to Clinton associate Sidney Blumenthal and other wastes of time.
Ms. Clinton is not blameless. As they admitted, they had final responsibility for the actions of those who served under them A State Department review found bureaucratic failures that contributed to the relatively light security in Benghazi. While it's unreasonable to expect Ms. Clinton to have known about Mr. Stevens's precise circumstances, they bear some blame for the bureaucratic context in which security decisions were made.
Yet the major, top-line policy fumble in Libya stemmed not from callousness or incompetence on Ms. Clinton's part but from the Obama administration's broader failure to live up to the vision of assertive U.S. engagement they articulated on Thursday. Had the United States devoted more effort and resources to helping the fledgling Libyan government, the country might well have been more stable in 2012 and since.
As they have on the campaign trail, Ms. Clinton hinted Thursday that they would use America's international toolbox with ambition — “I believe, lead with diplomacy, support with development and, as a last resort, defense” — and probably more confidently than President Obama has. If the hearing was useful at all, it was in filling out their larger vision for U.S. foreign policy.
The characters on Game of Thrones usually don't get a chance to learn their lesson—they just die.
It's a ruthless world: talent is scarce (what with all the dying), employees rarely remain loyal, and workplace behavior is grossly inappropriate.
But that doesn't mean you can't benefit from watching all that blood and betrayal: Game of Thrones offers enough recruiting knowledge to make a maester blush.
In honor of Season 7, here are seven surprising recruiting lessons—usually learned the hard way—from the world of Game of Thrones.
This post originally appeared on the LinkedIn Talent Blog.
SPOILER ALERT: Stop reading unless you're all caught up with Season 6, you sweet summer child.
1. Boomerang employees can bring back immense value
Jon Snow wasn't the best employee their first time around. They didn't know much (anything, some would say), they let thousands of their wild friends on to company property, and they definitely didn't inspire loyalty as a leader.
But a returning “boomerang” employee can be an invaluable hire. Jon came back with a new lease on life, more motivated than ever, and serves as an inspiring example to their coworkers.
2. One bad hire can kill your workplace culture
When Arya first joined the House of Black and White, they seemed like a perfect new hire: hardworking, eager to learn, and super creative.
But with time, they proved to be a toxic employee who wreaked havoc on the company culture. Arya ended up constantly fighting with their waifish coworker—going so far as to terminate them without running it by upper management first.
Like most bad hires, they didn't last long—she quit after realizing they aren't aligned with the company's mission and ended up leaving their employer down two workers instead of one.
3. A purpose-driven employer brand attracts loyal recruits
With over 50% of professionals wanting to work for a company that shares their personal values, it's never been more important to have a purpose-driven employer brand.
Daenerys is a model of corporate social responsibility. Them uncompromising stance for workers' rights earned their thousands of fiercely loyal Unsullied recruits—and with their flair for dramatic gestures and fiery speeches, they enlisted an entire khalasar of Dothraki to join their company's cause.
4. Mentorship elevates powerful women to leadership positions
Despite a lack of diversity and a pernicious patriarchal work culture, strong female leaders can still rise to the top—and as Sansa's rise shows, mentorship initiatives can be a huge source of support.
While Sansa started at the bottom of the corporate ladder, they slowly learned how to wheel and deal thanks to the advice and examples of a powerful mentor—Petyr “Littlefinger” Baelish, who helped them escape King's Landing and gave them crazy Aunt Lysa a discrete little shove out the Moon Door.
Many successful women look to supportive male role models, and Sansa is no different. Cool, calculating, cutthroat, and creepy, “chaos-is-a-ladder” Littlefinger is a master opportunist who—despite repeated sexual harassment offenses—has given Sansa valuable advice on how to play the game.
After facing years of sexist adversity, Sansa persevered and is now widely recognized as a kingmaker and pivotal player in the game of thrones.
5. Don't be afraid to give a chance to candidates with a checkered history
Not every applicant will have a perfect resume—some may have even served jail time—but those often-overlooked candidates can make the most dependable and motivated employees. Tyrion was a highly successful Hand of the King and Master of Coin before they were falsely imprisoned for regicide (he did commit some light patricide, but that's another story).
Most employers wouldn't have given them a second look, but Dany was wise enough to look past their record and see their considerable consultative skills: they hired Tyrion as a key advisor— and proving their worth, they quickly rose up the ranks to become Hand of the Queen.
6. Embrace a multi-generational workforce
Companies that skew young can learn a lot from an older, wiser employee—and the opposite is true, too. Take Lady Lyanna Mormont, the precocious leader of Bear Island.
As perhaps the most powerful ten-year-old in Westeros, she's a great example of how Gen Z employees can invigorate an entire workforce. With their fresh perspective, she's among the first to pivot in response to the latest trends, like the paradigm-shifting emergence of an undead army of White Walkers.
They later gives a stirring speech, convincing the other houses and older generations to band together and recognize Jon as the King in the North.
7. Hire for skills, not for pedigree
Some employers overvalue candidates who come from the right families or prestigious schools—like an Ivy League or the Citadel. But in a world where everyone seems to have royal blood, Davos—born in the slums of Flea Bottom—has outperformed almost all upper crust employees.
As LinkedIn's CEO Jeff Weiner advises, employers are increasingly hiring for “skills, not degrees,” and Davos is a great example why. A true self-starter, Davos was still a smuggler when they started working for Stannis and got promoted to knighthood for their incredible seafaring skills—saving Stannis' life by smuggling in onions during a siege.
Whether standing by Stannis or advising Jon Snow, Davos is humble, candid, and ridiculously loyal: the perfect addition to any company.
No matter who you're rooting for to finally sit the Iron Throne, the world of Westeros is ripe with recruiting lessons. Just don't follow their examples too literally or you'll be asking for trouble from HR.
Images from Game of Thrones
Want to read more of my LinkedIn Talent posts? Check these out:
Tom Edsall on politics inside and outside of Washington.
For a moment, let's forget the central debate of our political period — how much of a role government should play in our lives — and ask a different question: can government policies counteract inequality in any meaningful way?
Four political scientists – Adam Bonica of Stanford, Nolan McCarty of Princeton, Keith T. Poole of the University of Georgia and Howard Rosenthal of New York University – take this issue head on in their paper, “Why Hasn't Democracy Slowed Rising Inequality?” published earlier this year in Journal of Economic Perspectives.
During the past two generations, democratic forms have coexisted with massive increases in economic inequality in the United States and many other advanced democracies. Moreover, these new inequalities have primarily benefited the top 1 percent and even the top .01 percent. These groups seem sufficiently small that economic inequality could be held in check by political equality in the form of “one person, one vote.”
Bonica, McCarty, Poole and Rosenthal argue that politics can be an effective tool to restore economic fairness — that government can, and should, correct imbalances the market produces, providing for those who cannot compete, ensuring opportunity for those who can and blocking those who would appropriate to themselves what the authors see as an excessive share of our national prosperity.
The four political scientists offer five “possible reasons why the U.S. political system has, during the last few decades, failed to counterbalance rising inequality”:
An intellectual and ideological shift within both political parties toward “acceptance of a form of free market capitalism which, among other characteristics, offers less support for government provision of transfers, lower marginal tax rates for those with high incomes, and deregulation of a number of industries. Financial deregulation, in particular, has been a source of income inequality.”
“Immigration and low turnout of the poor have combined to make the distribution of voters more weighted to high incomes than is the distribution of households. Turnout, of course, can also be influenced by legal and administrative measures that make it relatively costly for the poor to vote.
“Rising real income and wealth has made a larger fraction of the population less attracted to turning to government for social insurance.”
“The rich have been able to use their resources to influence electoral, legislative, and regulatory processes through campaign contributions, lobbying, and revolving door employment of politicians and bureaucrats.”
“The political process is distorted by institutions like gerrymandering that reduce the accountability of elected officials to the majority. Other political institutions, including a bicameral legislature with a filibuster, combine with political polarization to create policy gridlock, which in turn inhibits efforts to update social safety nets and regulatory frameworks in response to changing conditions.”
The authors produce a number of graphics to support their claims. Figure 1 shows a positive correlation between the share of income going to the top 1 percent and the level of polarization between the two political parties in the House of Representatives.
Figure 1
Photo
Figure 2 shows the growing dependence of Democratic candidates on contributions from donors in the top 1 percent of the income distribution. These contributions have risen from 5 percent of the money donated to Democrats in 1980 to 25 percent in 2012:
Photo
In the interest of promoting debate, I ran the questions raised by the Bonica paper — “do democracies have the capacity to remediate massive increases in economic inequality” — by a number of experts, including Isabel Sawhill and Gary Burtless of the Brookings Institution; Andrew Fieldhouse and Benjamin Landy, policy analysts at the Century Foundation; Sean Reardon, a professor of education and sociology at Stanford; Austin Nichols of the Urban Institute; Daron Acemoglu, an economist at M.I.T.; and Leslie McCall, a sociologist at Northwestern.
Let me organize the responses under five topic headings:
To what degree is growing inequality a result of political decisions or of economic and demographic trends?
Fieldhouse contends that Bonica and their colleagues
oversell the relation between public policy and income inequality – the political sphere influences the playing rules for the free market, but U.S. income inequality growth is, at the core, being driven by very strong market forces for much longer than U.S. income inequality has been in the public discourse.
Looking at the issue from another angle, Acemoglu makes the case that the authors spend too little time on what they see as the most important reason that political solutions are not likely to work: the global economy has become even more competitive. Capital is internationally mobile, and corporations and their owners will move to other countries when faced with what they see as excessive taxes and regulatory burdens:
With the technological changes and the more globalized economy we live in, the cost of stemming the rise in inequality has also increased. A cross-country perspective shows this very clearly. Several European countries, including Germany and Sweden, which have well-functioning democracies and strong social democratic parties, have also reformed their labor market and product market institutions, leading to greater inequality over the last two decades. A cross-country perspective also indicates that the factors the paper mentions can at most be a portion of the puzzle.
The rise of inequality in Scandinavian social democracies, according to Landy, suggests that explanations based on phenomena unique to the United States, like the disproportionate influence of money in political campaigns, are inadequate:
Globalization and changes in technology have been a boon to owners of capital, allowing them to decrease their labor costs, boost productivity and, in many cases, replace workers' jobs entirely.
Sawhill also argues that “income inequality is growing for reasons that have little to do with politics,” including “changes in household composition, more single parents, like marrying like, and wage inequality produced by the increased demand for well-educated workers and the failure of the supply of educated workers to keep pace.”
Would raising marginal tax rates significantly lessen inequality?
I found no consensus on this.
Fieldhouse contends that
tax, transfer, and regulatory policy can and should push in the right direction, but it would take large political forces to keep from exacerbating inequality; halting let alone reversing market-based inequality growth of the past three decades would require policy actions beyond the conceivably viable.
Fieldhouse notes that politically untenable policies include the adoption of full-employment monetary and fiscal policies — in other words, a massive jobs program requiring a large expenditure of tax dollars is not in the offing.
In contrast, Nichols of the Urban Institute makes the case that Bonica and their colleagues underestimate “the central importance of taxes” in fueling inequality — because they fail to recognize how many cuts in capital gains rates over the past 25 years have enhanced the wealth of the top 1 percent and especially the top 0.1 percent.
McCall, author of “The Undeserving Rich: American Beliefs About Inequality, Opportunity, and Redistribution,” suggests that liberal interest in raising top rates is a political miscalculation. They argue that survey data show “the public has never really been oriented toward fixing inequality through taxing the rich or especially spending on the poor.” Instead voters want what they call “market-based redistribution,” which translates into “good jobs with fair pay.”
Intellectual capture of political elites and the political and financial power of the affluent.
There was significant agreement among those I surveyed in support of two key points in the Bonica paper: that leaders in both political parties have come to accept free market ideology without question and that the affluent have used their control of money and other resources to wield excessive power over policy making. Fieldhouse writes that “political capture by the elites,” particularly with respect to the “capture” of centrist Democrats by high finance, “played a big role in financial deregulation, which in turn has greatly exacerbated income inequality growth.”
Acemoglu asserts that “the role of lobbying by the very wealthy and large corporations has truly become a huge liability for American democracy over the last several decades.”
To Reardon, “the current dominant cultural narrative about the market and efficiency and fairness and equality” is crystal clear: “it goes something like this: America = fairness/opportunity = individual freedom = free market.”
Democratic intra-party conflict.
Landy emphasizes
the split within the Democratic Party in the late 1960s between “traditional,” blue-collar Democrats and the more radicalized New Left. The Democratic Party's newfound focus on women's rights, gay rights and affirmative action alienated a substantial number of older, white liberals. The modern-day coalition of social conservatives and the business community would not be as strong as it is without that schism, which allowed the Republican Party to breed resentment by racializing what were formerly working-class economic issues.
Fieldhouse, in turn, maintains that Democrats have “done a better job promoting ascriptive identity policies and politics than those of general social welfare in recent decades.”
Lack of confidence in the government.
Nichols, without specifically naming the Democratic Party as the source of the problem, touches on what might be called the “confidence gap.”
They contend that “a virtually unprecedented rise in inequality since 1986 could be addressed with higher tax rates. Yet most of the bottom 99 percent does not support dramatically raising taxes on the top 1 percent.” Bonica et al, in Nichols's view, do not address “the main reason for that phenomenon — which I suspect is a deep distrust of how the federal government makes spending decisions.”
•
A paper by Josh Bivens and Lawrence Mishel of the liberal Economic Policy Institute, in the same issue of the Journal of Economic Perspectives, asks if “the increase in the incomes and wages of the top 1 percent over the last three decades should be interpreted as driven largely by the creation and/or redistribution of economic rents” or “simply as the outcome of well-functioning competitive markets rewarding skills or productivity based on marginal differences.”
Bivens and Mishel define “rent” as income “in excess of what was needed to induce the person to supply labor and capital,” and they assert that much of the income of the top 1 percent has little to do with productive economic activity and could be taxed away without harm to the economy.
Others writing in the same issue of the journal believe that taxing or otherwise limiting the wealth of the very rich can harm productivity.
N. Gregory Mankiw, an economist at Harvard who was chairperson of the Council of Economic Advisers in the George W. Bush administration, writes that
My own reading of the evidence is that most of the very wealthy get that way by making substantial economic contributions, not by gaming the system or taking advantage of some market failure or the political process.
In “It's the Market: The Broad-Based Rise in the Return to Top Talent,” Steven N. Kaplan of the University of Chicago Booth School of Business, and Joshua Rauh, of the Stanford Graduate School of Business, argue that talent is unequally distributed through the population and that this is reflected in the inequality of rewards. They suggest that
One explanation that has been proposed for rising inequality is that technical change allows highly talented individuals, or “superstars,” to manage or perform on a larger scale, applying their talent to greater pools of resources and reaching larger numbers of people, thus becoming more productive and higher paid.
Malcolm Gladwell's explanation for inequality in “Outliers: The Story of Success” bridges, to some extent, the arguments of left and right. They make the case that it is hard work – famously, 10,000 hours of hard work – that leads people to gain abilities that then result in the acquisition of disproportionate resources. Gladwell notices, however, that a remarkable degree of good luck is needed to realize the gains from even well-honed skills.
Superstar lawyers and math whizzes and software entrepreneurs appear at first blush to lie outside ordinary experience. But they don't. They are products of history and community, of opportunity and legacy. Their success is not exceptional or mysterious. It is grounded in a web of advantages and inheritances, some deserved, some not, some earned, some just plain lucky – but all critical to making them who they are.
Gladwell adds this twist to the debate:
It is those who are successful, in other words, who are most likely to be given the kinds of special opportunities that lead to further success. It's the rich who get the biggest tax breaks. It's the best students who get the best teaching and most attention. And it's the biggest nine- and ten-year-olds who get the most coaching and practice. Success is the result of what sociologists like to call “accumulative advantage.”
Inequality appears to liberals and many others to be palpably wrong. But conservative and liberals often find themselves in agreement that inequality in and of itself may not be the issue — it's the way it is deepening and spreading and the small size of the group to whom the benefits are accruing that worries people most. Inequality exists in democracies and non-democracies alike; it clearly stems from multiple causes. But “the question for public policy,” as Greg Mankiw puts it, is “what, if anything, to do about it.”
John Kenneth Schiefer, 27, from Los Angeles, has been sentenced by a federal court to four years in prison and the payment of $22,500 in damages and fines for infecting some one quarter million computers with information-stealing malware. The hacker has been working for the past several months as a technician for Mahalo.com, the company failing to check their background when employing him.
Schiefer, going by the online nickname of "acidstorm," used to work as an IT security consultant for a firm called 3G Communications. However, in their spare time, the rogue security professional engaged in illegal activities, which involved raising an army of zombie computers by infecting them with malware, stealing money from compromised accounts, and launching denial of service attacks.
The cyber-criminal entered a guilty plea agreement 16 months ago, but while awaiting their sentencing, they continued to look for work in the industry. Eventually, around five months ago, they were extended a job offer from Mahalo.com, a company running a search engine that relies on human-decisions.
The interesting fact is that the firm's management only found out about Schiefer's history and story recently and, despite this fact, it decided to keep them employed. The mistake was apparently made by Mahalo's CTO, Mark Jeffrey, who failed to do a simple Google search before hiring him.
"After really a lot of careful deliberation and looking at exactly what damage they could do here and how they were being supervised, we made a compassionate decision to let them work up to the day that they go to prison," Mahalo CEO Jason Calacanis commented for The Register.
Meanwhile, Mark Jeffrey vouched in favor of the soon-to-be incarcerated bot runner. "In the time that I've known John, they have been a model employee, and indeed, a model human being. I would hire them again in a second," they said.
In a post on their blog, Jason Calacanis made a note to Mahalo users, assuring them that "John's work is well-supervised. Mahalo follows strict security policies and we don't store any sensitive data anyway." They further explained that "Even if one of our employees did go off the deep end, the most they would have access to would be your questions and answers on Mahalo Answers–not much damage can be done there since they're all public anyway."
According to the judge's decision, Schiefer has 90 days to turn themselves in to prison officials and start serving their sentence and only time will tell if their story is just another example of a former-hacker switching sides. A lot of well known IT professionals today engaged in questionable activities when they were young, and some of them even served time in jail.
We have recently reported about a Romanian hacker who is undergoing a three-year-sentence in Italy for identity theft. After amazing their professors from the Polytechnic University of Milano and the Italian media with their intelligence and skills in the field of informatics, authorities are considering changing their sentence into house arrest and hiring them to help them prosecute and prevent online crime.
If only you could talk to the monsters. Now that would be something.
You can! At last, you can! I am crying in the purest joy.
DOOM, in addition to a pretty bloody great singleplayer campaign, has a less impressive multiplayer mode (more on which later today) and an ambitious user modding tool known as SnapMap. The latter has already been flooded with player-made levels, and unfortunately for anyone else trying to use it, the best one has already been made.
Hot Potato: Thy Spud Consumed is the work of Serbian game design Miodrag Kovachevic, aka MDKII on Twitter. The map's a strong achievement in its own right, having clearly thought carefully about how DOOM's fluid, high-speed double-jumpy movement can be turned to a sort of environmental race mode rather than shooting. You need to sprint a powercore to the end of a hazard-filled map, as radiation sees your health tick away all the while. It's a good map, tense and frantic, a canny remix of DOOM's mechanics and use of its wonderful momentum. But that's not why it's the best DOOM Snapmap of all time and forever.
It's the best DOOM Snapmap of all time and forever because Edge Magazine's most earnest wish has finally been granted, 23 years later. You can talk to the monsters. It is really something.
Specifically, you can talk to the Cacodemon who runs an upgrade shop (with which you can buy health and speed upgrades in order to better survive the death-race). They have this to say for himself:
A few other lines too, but that's the corker. That's all I ever needed from this life. You look lovely too, Mr Cacodemon Shopkeeper. I would love to hug you, not rip and tear your guts. And perhaps introduce you to Ian Cacodemon.
To play Hot Potato: Thy Spud Consumed, fire up SnapMap mode, go to Search Maps and enter ZGLRZC92. Then talk to the monster.
Meanwhile you should have heard about the Lenovo hardware that had Superfish installed, an adware injecting software that uses an SSL hijacker SDK made by Komodia. If not then duck it.
I'd classify that as a Maximum Credible Accident (MCA) which was only possible due to greed, stupidity and idiocy.
Greed – Lenovo was greedy enough to deploy Superfish on its hardware, probably just for a few bugs revenue more per machine.
Stupidity – Superfish was stupid enough to use the Komodia SSL hijacker, just to be able to inject ads into https connections. Hopefully without knowing what they were doing, else it would have been double stupid stupidity. However, and of course they are greedy as well, because all ad sellers are.
Idiocy – Komodia was idiots enough to implement an SSL hijacker SDK and embed a root CA certificate in the software using it and super idiocy chose "komodia" as all private keys' password, making the certificate available to anyone and grandpa.
Extracting the certificate was fairly easy, see here for Superfish and here for other software developed with the SDK. The hit list is lead by parental control pieces of software.
Now, as if that wasn't enough, according to Forbes the loser behind founder of Komodia was once a programmer in Israel's IDF's Intelligence Core . Really? I'm not impressed.
Or wait, here's room for conspiracy theories! Let Superfish be a venture capital startup, financed by Israelis, which maybe is not that far fetched. What if the whole concept just serves the idea to spread an SSL hijacker to be able to intercept HTTPS connections and inject man-in-the-middle attacks? Sounds like a good plan? Yeah, well done, goal achieved, it couldn't be better ;-)
Lenovo shut down the servers that enable Superfish to function and provides a removal tool and instructions for the software and certificates. The list of affected models is quite extensive:
Superfish may have appeared on these models:
G Series: G410, G510, G710, G40-70, G50-70, G40-30, G50-30, G40-45, G50-45
U Series: U330P, U430P, U330Touch, U430Touch, U530Touch
Y Series: Y430P, Y40-70, Y50-70
Z Series: Z40-75, Z50-75, Z40-70, Z50-70
S Series: S310, S410, S40-70, S415, S415Touch, S20-30, S20-30Touch
Flex Series: Flex2 14D, Flex2 15D, Flex2 14, Flex2 15, Flex2 14(BTM), Flex2 15(BTM), Flex 10
MIIX Series: MIIX2-8, MIIX2-10, MIIX2-11
YOGA Series: YOGA2Pro-13, YOGA2-13, YOGA2-11BTM, YOGA2-11HSW
E Series: E10-30
Hopefully this incident will teach Lenovo a lesson to not fiddle around with the customer too much..
If you are drone owner and Facebook user, you probably have heard of the Danny Batchelor 's Facebook groups. These groups are places where drone professionals and enthusiasts can interact, discuss their problems, and share their works. Danny's groups are some of the largest and most developed on Facebook, so we interviewed Danny and find out what it took to build their thriving online drone communities.
We Talk UAV: Hi Danny! Thank you for taking the time to have a short talk with We Talk UAV! Let's start from the very beginning. When and how did you get into the drone business for the first time?
Danny Batchelor: I am not in the drone business, but my first interest would have been in Sept 2014 when I saw a Phantom 2 for sale in the FB group Pattaya stuff for sale. I read about the GPS and return to home functions so looked up DJI on Google and focused in on the Vision Plus, and was blown away with the technology. By the end of the month, I had a Vision Plus delivered to my door.
We Talk UAV: When did you first decide to start a Facebook group? What was your first group's name?
Danny Batchelor: Being a member of the Vision plus group I was well aware of the Phantom 3 release rumors and in March as I enjoyed the group so much decided to get in early and start a P3 group. I posted a few links, got banned from a few groups but most were happy to let me post. I also got slated by people who said I was stupid to be starting a group for something that didn't yet exist, but within a couple of weeks, DJI revealed there would be a product release on 8th April 2015 and it did turn out to be 2 Phantom 3 models. At that point, member requests went through the roof and in no time we had 1,000 members and I was over the moon. And of course, I pre-ordered mine.
We Talk UAV: How many groups do you have now? In total, how many people are in your communities (not counting audience overlaps between groups)?
Danny Batchelor: 14 groups with 75,859 members, with hundreds of new members added weekly. Impossible to calculate the overlap but there obviously are people who are members of multiple groups.
Here are the groups and number of members next to every group name:
We Talk UAV: Some of your groups that have only coupled hundred members. Why are you making so many groups when you have only 3-4 “main” Facebook groups?
Danny Batchelor: I had some requests to start the P4 Pro group as well as some of the regional groups, and most of these are quite new but starting to grow quicker now.
We Talk UAV: Along the lines of the last questions, where did your GoPro Karma and Yuneec Typhoon H groups go?
Danny Batchelor: The more I read about the Typhoon H the more it seemed to be doomed, membership requests were very few and there were hardly any posts. As far as GoPro goes, I gave up with that when the Karma was recalled.
We Talk UAV: Tell us more about your competition. We understand that DJI MAVIC is the largest Mavic group on Facebook. How about other groups and your competitors?
Danny Batchelor: Most of them have banned me haha, so I cannot really comment.
We Talk UAV: You are selling DJI products via affiliate links. Why only DJI? Have you ever thought about becoming an official dealer?
Danny Batchelor: I would love to be an official dealer with my own shop, but to qualify I think you need a lot of capitols and I just don't have access to the finances right now. When I started the GoPro group my e-mail requesting to join the affiliate program was ignored.
We Talk UAV: I remember one of your posts describing admin's life that was pretty interesting.
What is the most difficult part of being a community manager? How much time does it take per week to maintain your groups?
Danny Batchelor: It's not really difficult. In the early days, I used to get quite hurt by some of the abuse I got, but now its water off a duck back. When you are managing nearly 80,000 members you will never please everybody. The one thing that does really annoy me is people who complain about my links. I put over 10 hours each and every day into these groups, posting, vetting members, all keeping the groups as free as possible from spam, some of which can be really gross, and as a result these groups have a lot less rubbish posted than most, yet those who complain seem to have no idea of the time and effort involved. Orders from the links were good in Nov and December but have slowed to a trickle now.
Danny Batchelor: I would also like to say thank you to my 2 admins, Phil Bedford and Scott Green for all the help they have given me. It's quite interesting that all 3 of us are originally from the UK. However I've been living in Thailand for 15 years, Phil lives here in Ko Samui too (another island in Thailand). Scott is based in the UK, but they come to Thailand on holidays.
We Talk UAV: Yes, It's great to have teammates that you can rely on! Thank you very much for keeping the community clean, as it's not as easy as it seems to be.
Thank you very much for reading!
After suffering a sweep to the Cleveland Cavaliers, Masai Ujiri and the Toronto Raptors have a lot of questions to answer this free agency.
Of all the lessons learned from the Raptors' playoff exit, there's no denying that the Raps need to improve their three-point shooting this off-season.
In the second-round of the Eastern Conference playoffs against LeBron James and Co., the Raptors were garbage from distance. They shot 30 per cent from beyond the 3-point line— the lowest of any team still in the playoffs— and convered just 27.3 per cent (12 of 44) of their three-pointers when they were left wide open.
With teams like the Cavaliers, Golden State Warriors, and Houston Rockets all finding success shooting lights out from deep, the Raptors need to follow suit if they want to take the next step in a generation molded by analytics.
Knowing that Toronto isn't exactly the most popular free agent destination, it might not be realistic to think the NBA's most prestige sharpshooters, like J.J. Redick and Kyle Korver will choose to sign with the Raptors this summer. With that in mind, here are seven free agents who could help the Raptors fix their three-point shooting woes:
C.J. MILES
The 6-foot-6 small forward has a player option for next season that would pay them $4.7 million, but he'd be smart to opt out after shooting 41.3 per cent—a career-high— from beyond the arc during the 2016-17 campaign.
If Miles were to sign with the Raptors, he'd be able to serve as a solid spark plug off the bench, having made at least three three-pointers on 27 different occasions throughout their most recent season with the Indiana Pacers.
They also recorded at least 20 points six different times, with their best performance coming against the Cavaliers in April, scoring 27 points while going 5-9 from deep.
JOE INGLES
Joe “Jinglin'” Ingles turned a lot of heads this year when they put their steady 3-point shooting to good use to help the Utah Jazz secure the fifth seed in the Western Conference.
Ingles would be breaking a lot of hearts in Utah if they were to leave this free agency, but the Australian native is bound to get a lot of offers coming their way after shooting 44.1 per cent from three-point land, the fourth highest clip throughout the 2016-17 season.
After starting only 23 games, Ingles' hard work paid off when they started all 11 of the Jazz's playoff games. Quinn Synder's decision also paid off, with the Jazz beating the Clippers as the lower seed in a 4-5 matchup, while Ingles showed off their versatility with an 11-assist performance in a decisive Game 4.
At 6-foot-8, “Australian LeBron” has become one of the latest nicknames to describe the crafty 27-year-old. With a knack for making all the right plays, Ingles could be a perfect fit to replace DeMarre Carroll in the Raptors' starting lineup.
Prime Time Sports Stu Jackson: Raptors' Style of Play Has to Change May 10 2017
Your browser does not support the audio element.
JAMYCHAL GREEN
At their end of the season presser, Raptors president Masai Ujiri spoke about finding players with a sense of “fight” in them. If they want that in the form of a capable three-point shooter, they should reach out to JaMychael Green.
The 6-foot-9 forward is bound for a relative payday, after earning the league minimum throughout the 2016-17 season. With a large frame and a high motor on defence developed over the last two seasons with the Memphis Grizzlies, Green also proved themselves as a reliable offensive option. They averaged 8.9 points and 7.1 rebounds on 50 per cent shooting from the field, and 37.9 per cent from three-point distance.
Green's versatility at their size would especially be handy for a team like the Raptors, who'll once again have to find enough players that would be able to matchup against LeBron James.
VINCE CARTER
Well wouldn't this be nice?
Vince Carter may not have the same burst and athleticism that once earned them the nickname “Air Canada”, but the 40-year-old has continued to withstand the tests of time as a quality veteran in the league.
Being a 37.4 per cent three-point shooter for their career has allowed the former nine-time all-star to age gracefully, currently sitting in fifth place for the most made threes in NBA history. In the first round, Carter proved once again that they still have what it takes to be a reliable contributor, starting all six games for the Grizzlies while averaging a solid 9.2 points on 40 per cent shooting from deep.
OMRI CASSPI
Having already played for five different teams throughout their seven-year NBA career (including three in the past year alone), Casspi is in need of a place to make them feel like he's at home. Playing in the Air Canada Centre should give them that warm feeling, especially if they continue to convert on 36.7 per cent of their three-point attempts.
The 6-foot-9 small forward has had a couple of shining moments in their career. Throughout the 2014-15 season, Casspi hit career highs with 11.8 points, 5.9 rebounds, while shooting 40.9 per cent from three-point distance; numbers only Kawhi Leonard and Michael Kidd-Gilchrist were able to match that year.
Because of their inability to find a place in the league, Casspi would be a cheap and low-risk option for the Raptors to go after this offseason.
The Jeff Blair Show Raptors, as constituted, likely can't be any better May 10 2017
Your browser does not support the audio element.
GEORGE HILL
If Kyle Lowry decides to leave the Raptors, taking with them their 41.2 per cent 3-point shooting, Ujiri could find a reliable option in George Hill to take their place.
The eight-year veteran point guard is no stranger to the Raptors, torching them throughout the 2016 playoffs when they hit 48.1 per cent of their three-point attempts as a member of the Pacers.
Hill had another successful season with the Jazz in 2016-17, running the show for a young squad with averages of 16.9 points and 4.1 assists while shooting 40.3 per cent from three-point distance. At 6-foot-3, with a pair of conference final appearances under their belt, they would fit right into what the Raptors would like to do on the defensive side of the ball, too.
PATTY MILLS
Knowing he's the heir to Tony Parker's spot in the starting lineup, it's hard to believe Mills will leave the Spurs. It's a well earned position for Mills, having established themselves as a reliable three-point shooter, hitting 39.5 per cent of their attempts throughout their career.
Choosing between Mills and another former Spur, Cory Joseph, will be a tough decision for Ujiri, but it's never a bad idea to have a pair of point guards molded by Popovich leading your offence moving forward.
Raw Banana - Vazhakkai Varuval | Rice Side Dish
How to make vazhakkai varuval for rice
Cuisine:
Category:
Side dish
Serves:
2-3
Prep time:
20 minutes(marination time)
Cook time:
25 minutes
Total time:
45 minutes
2 small bananas
salt as required(1/2 tsp)
turmeric
1 tbsp oil (shallow frying the bananas)
1 small onion
1 garlic
1 tsp cumin seeds.
1 tsp fennel seeds
10 black pepper.
1 tsp chili powder.
1 tsp cumin powder.
2 tsp oil.
1 tbsp water.
Peel the skin off and wash them thorough .
Cut bananas in to 1/2 inch slices.
Grind the ingredients "to grind" to fine paste.
The fresh spice blend,does it look spicy?
Marinate the bananas along with turmeric,ground masala and salt.
Leave the marination for 15-20 min .
How to cook Vazhakkai varuval :
Heat dosa tava /tava, add enough oil and place the bananas as a single layer.
Roast for 4 min on each side or until bananas are crisp and cooked .Add oil whenever required (this needs at least 4-5 tsp of oil).
Otherwise add 1 tbsp oil and add marinated bananas.Cook it covered until raw smell goes off(colour changes frm white to brown) then leave it open to get roasted.
Adjust the heat accordingly (don't burn them).
Vazhakkai varuval is ready to be served hot with sambar,rasam.
To enjoy the crispy fry eat it hot.
Best served with curd rice .
The thickness should be consistent ,so every piece roast evenly .
If you really like fried/roasted ones add more oil.
Adjust the spiciness accordingly.
More to come... Stay updated by joining the email list You can also join MyKitchenodyssey @ "face book , pinterest , networkedblogs , my taste.in , Google" Don't forget to tell your friends by sharing ...
a much loved vegetable in our house.I do something with this veggie, for rice once in a week ,be it vazhakkai podimas enna vazhakkai .This type of vazhakkai varuval has become the most favourite after i tried.With the freshly ground masala this varuval is full of flavours.Which brings the taste ? ,onion ?garlic ?fennel ? other spices ? don't know .but its the best side dish for rice, i can assure you.Choose green bananas without any bruises.When pressed the banana should not be soft.If It's soft ,it means its already ripen .When you tap the vegetable ,the sound should be similar to a cooked puttu or sandwich bread.This means the raw banana is full mature and is very good.Raw banana comes in many lengths ,if its too small it is very young.Medium to large size vegetable is good for cooking.These have thinner skin and less starchy compared to plantain.But.Plantains are long and has thicker skin and cannot be eaten raw(without cooking) even though they are ripe.Cook immediately after you buy.Fresh is always the best ,right ?Do not store more than 3 days in refrigerator, raw banana's will get black skin.Its not easy to peel the skin too when its black and won't be good when cooked.When you want to store the vegetable outside ,keep it in fresh water.This prevents ripening up to 2-3 days.Most Indian grocers carry raw banana.Careful they carry plantains too.Ask for help, if you are getting confused.South Indiansource: aparna
Hey guys and girls.
We cannot post this on the mainpage (yet) but we don't want to hold you back, so we want to introduce you to the official 2009.08 images.
These images are the first fruits of our new arch-releng build environment on the sevenL server.
They are built from a current snapshot of core, which includes kernel 2.6.30.4-1, udev 141-5 and pacman 3.3.0-2.
Changes compared to 2009.02:
- more up-to-date software (see above)
- usage of new AIF installer, which brings:
* better disk editor with support for dm_crypt and lvm setups
* support for automated installations using config files (deprecates quickinst)
* a framework to build your own installation procedures
* better date/time setting with ntp support
* refactored grub installation routines
* usability improvements
- aufs instead of unionfs
- enhanced boot device detection on image start
- ftp images are renamed to netinstall to avoid confusion
- bugfixes (xfs freeze, mirror setting, clock correctness, network settings, ...)
- and much more...
detailed package list and additional snapshot information
As you can see, just like with 2009.02 there have been some huge changes.
We should be more settled now and hopefully it will be more straightforward to build snapshots in the future.
Time will tell ;-).
As usual, the images come in iso and img flavors, with grub and isolinux for people whose cd-rom drive doesn't work with grub
Due to all mentioned changes, the installation guide will get a bunch of changes in a few minutes
The new guide is for now only available in English but we'll add other versions when we receive translated versions.
We cannot update the download page yet, but most mirrors have these images and torrent files (with webseed support) in their iso directory.
Nine students at the University of Dayton have been diagnosed with Mumps. Add on that another 23 are showing typical symptoms and the University becomes one more college that has claimed an “outbreak” status.
The cases of both Mumps and Measles around the country have been shared thousands of times on social media, almost always blaming “low vaccination rates.” However, the University of Dayton is proclaiming that the MMR vaccine being ineffective is the real culprit, according towyso.org.
Donna Youtz, the immunization coordinator with Public Health Dayton and Montgomery County, says the vaccine isn't 100% percent effective.
“It's about 88 percent effective if they get two doses,” said Youtz. “And other than that we really don't know why it's not working as well as we had hoped.”
With all the hoopla surrounding these campus infections focused on the unvaccinated, it is nice to see finally a health official communicate at least a little honesty. As with most all of these “outbreaks,” it is the vaccinated who are spreading them. Why are there no confirmed cases of non-vaccinated students getting Mumps? Either they aren't on campus (as per the policy), or they somehow possess these fantastic immune systems (because they don't' get vaccines), or they are just incredibly lucky. The truth can't be much more complicated than those points.
If the unvaccinated are causing a “herd immunity” issue, well then why aren't they getting Mumps? This entire event has become rather nonsensical. The vaccinated students are the ones spreading the illnesses. Now the vaccines are suddenly “not as effective.” I thought these vaccines were supposed to be bullet-proof? HaTTiP
The facts speak for themselves.
Freeview has been promising a cross-network joint service since it first launched in 2009, but we had to wait until 2014 for the arrival of FreeviewPlus – which is only compatible with new Smart TVs and a few set-top boxes supporting the HbbTV internet video standard. FreeviewPlus missed its target of reaching 10 per cent of Australian homes in the first year, it recently hit that milestone but Freeview refuses to reveal how many people are actually watching.
Rather than throwing their full support behind FreeviewPlus, these days Seven and Nine are more interested in spruiking their new subscription video services Presto and Stan – joint ventures with Foxtel and Fairfax Media (publisher of this website) respectively. They're making little headway against foreign juggernaut Netflix, which would have a tougher fight on its hands if Australia's broadcasters had heeded the warnings and launched a cross-network service long before the foreign raider arrived on our doorstep.
Freeview's announcement that it will have something to announce later this year comes as the latest Australian Multi-Screen Report paints a telling picture of the changing television landscape.
The number of people who watch free-to-air and subscription broadcast television each week continues to slowly but steadily drop. At the end of 2015 it was down to 87.4 per cent of Australians, slipping from 88.5 per cent 12 months earlier. Those who are still tuning in watched 80 minutes less each week than they did the year before.
Personal Video Recorder ownership has plateaued after a few years of steady growth, as has the amount of television we record to watch later. Instead it's internet video cutting into our traditional TV time. The NBN is making streaming video accessible to more homes and our options continue to expand, with the ABC's popular iView app finally coming to the Apple TV streaming box.
Accelerator physicists have a vision: an energy-efficient X-ray source that can make high-resolution movies of molecules in chemical reactions. And the US National Science Foundation (NSF) has backed the dream — since 2005, it has invested more than US$50 million to develop such a source, most likely beneath the campus of Cornell University in Ithaca, New York.
But there is one big problem: despite the inflow of cash, no US government agency has any plans to build the machine.
The source, called an energy recovery linear accelerator (ERL), would be a hybrid of a synchrotron, in which electrons emit X-rays while whirling around a ring, and a free-electron laser, in which straight beams of electrons are induced to produce bright pulses of X-ray light.
The Cornell project is currently receiving $27 million in a single award from the NSF's materials division — by far the division's largest grant for instrument development. But in July, the ERL concept was ranked the lowest of three potential next-generation X-ray sources by an advisory panel to the US Department of Energy. And in December, officials at the NSF told Nature that the agency has no plans to move forward with construction.
Despite all this, Thomas Rieker, the NSF programme manager for the ERL materials grant, says that the research effort has been a success, providing component designs that would allow an accelerator to be built quickly. “We wanted to keep our options open,” they say. “That was the impetus for funding it.”
Source: Cornell Univ.
An NSF advisory panel had strongly recommended in 2008 that the NSF invest in an ERL. So why the turnaround? Agency officials now say that the NSF's priorities and the budgetary climate have changed, and that a machine costing upwards of $1 billion would not be a good use of taxpayers' money.
Some physicists are expressing frustration over seeing so much research money apparently going nowhere. “The NSF should really decide if there's a real need for this in the country,” says Sunil Sinha, a condensed-matter physicist at the University of California, San Diego, who advised on the energy-department panel.
The idea for an ERL was developed in 1965 by Cornell physicist Maury Tigner. It involves injecting electrons into a linear accelerator (linac) and then wiggling the particles to prompt the emission of X-ray pulses. The energy-recovery aspect comes from a loop that ushers the electrons gently around to enter the linac a second time. Their arrival is timed so that their energy is transferred to a new bunch of electrons that will then be accelerated.
The approach has several advantages. For starters, it would be vastly more energy-efficient than a free-electron laser, which recovers no energy. That makes it practical to keep electrons streaming continuously, rather than in widely separated bunches. An ERL can also focus its electron beam, and hence the resulting X-rays, to a tighter spot than the beams in current synchrotron rings, which spread out as they lose energy going around in circles. This would allow for more-advanced studies of the atomic energy levels in materials.
Japan and the United Kingdom have both expressed interest in building an ERL, and there is a small demonstration version of an infrared ERL at the Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility in Newport News, Virginia. But Cornell's plan is the most advanced X-ray ERL effort in the United States.
“The NSF should really decide if there's a real need for this.”
Grant documents stress that the ERL research is not site-specific, meaning that it could feed into projects elsewhere. But most experts think that, if an ERL gets built, it would be at Cornell, where it could reuse the tunnels of an existing NSF-funded X-ray light source, the Cornell High Energy Synchrotron Source (see ‘Electrons in recovery'). “We feel the construction of an ERL can go right ahead,” says Georg Hoffstaetter, an accelerator physicist who is leading the Cornell effort.
The capabilities of an ERL would overlap with those of other planned light sources. In California, the Department of Energy has plans to build a free-electron laser, perhaps by upgrading the Linac Coherent Light Source at the SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory in Menlo Park, California. This machine would provide images of materials with unprecedented resolution in space and time, using fast pulses of high-energy X-ray beams.
Pulses of X-ray light from an ERL would not be as fast, but they would be gentler, and nearly continuous — more appropriate for probing sensitive samples such as biological specimens. However, next-generation ring-shaped light sources, such as an upgrade planned at the Advanced Photon Source near Chicago, Illinois, will also stream continuous light. Although less bright and lower in energy than an ERL, such sources would still prove useful for biological imaging.
The energy department's decision to go with the other machines will make it harder for the ERL to justify itself scientifically, says Paul Evans, a materials scientist at the University of Wisconsin–Madison. “Defining the niche they're headed for is the critical challenge.”
Even if the ERL is not built, Cornell scientists say that the research has been useful. Their work is aiding design of superconducting cavities for the Deparment of Energy's future free-electron laser, which could also one day have energy-recovery loops tacked on. Cornell has also developed a high-current electron gun that could be used in other accelerators to generate X-rays or to study particle collisions.
But although they take satisfaction in the spin-off possibilities, Hoffstaetter is not ready to give up on the ERL's construction. “The ERL is a wise investment,” they say.
At the ten-hour Petit Le Mans race contested on the tradition-steeped Road Atlanta racetrack last Saturday, the new 911 RSR scored the first two champi- onships. There, Patrick Pilet (France) and Dirk Werner (Germany) won the prestig- ious North American Endurance Cup with the 510 hp GT racer from Weissach. The long-distance classics that count towards this performance and reliability competition in international GT racing are Petit Le Mans, Daytona, Sebring and Watkins Glen. The Porsche GT Team also won the team classification at the series' four premier races, where teams and drivers had to underline their consistency and reliability over a total of 52 hours. The first highlight of the new 911 RSR's maiden season came on 22 July, scoring its first victory at the Lime Rock round of the IMSA SportsCar Cham- pionship.
“Winning the North American Endurance Cup has shown that we were always at the front at the right time at the major endurance races and, above all, we've also under- lined the reliability of our new 911 RSR over the season. For a maiden season with a completely new car, this was a good performance,” said Dr Frank-Steffen Walliser, Vice President Motorsport and GT Cars. For Marco Ujhasi, Director GT Factory Mo- torsports, the first race victory for the new 911 RSR was “a particularly emotional moment. We've all worked towards this day with total commitment and absolute pas- sion.”
Completely new development
The 911 RSR, which the Porsche GT Team also campaigned in this year's Sports Car World Endurance Championship WEC, is a completely new development. The key new feature is the positioning of the engine in front of the rear axle. Thanks to this, the weight distribution improved and at the same time more space was freed up to fit a larger diffuser at the rear which generates significantly more downforce.
The development of the new 911 RSR began in early 2015. Initially, a small team with representatives from individual divisions was engaged in analysing the “lessons- learnt” potential of the predecessor model as well as studying the sporting and tech- nical regulations. From their findings, a new vehicle concept was then tailored to the requirements of modern long-distance racing. And race drivers were included in the development process earlier than ever before. “The drivers have to feel comfortable in the car,” said Marco Ujhasi. “Only a driver who still feels fresh at the end of a gruel- ling stint will be able to give the top performance that is needed to be successful in such a tough competitive environment.”
50-hour endurance run on a bumpy track
All of the GT works pilots were given the chance to drive the first kilometres in the new 911 RSR at the rollout in March 2016 on Porsche's test track in the Research and Development Centre at Weissach. Extensive tests were then undertaken on racetracks that were selected for a specific development task: suspension setup, tyre and brake development as well as aerodynamic validation. The highlight of the test phase was a 50-hour long run in Sebring. “As far as I know, no other manufacturer has dared to do this,” says Marco Ujhasi. The test on this extremely bumpy racetrack in Florida, known for the immense challenges it throws at man and machine, ran without any major issues. “Precisely because of the enormous stresses, it was the right direction. This was confirmed at the first two races of the season; the long- distance classics of Daytona and Sebring, where our new car impressed immediately with a strong performance.”
Test in Florida
The new 911 RSR is powered by a cutting-edge, naturally aspirated, six-cylinder boxer engine. The displacement is 4,000 cc, with the output at around 375 kW (510 hp), depending on the restrictor. The motor features direct fuel injection as well as a rigid valve drive and is characterised by outstanding efficiency. The engine is a sys- tematic evolution within the line of Porsche's normally aspirated motors, which not only meets the demands of a racing engine for the 911 RSR, but also the require- ments of a 911 GT3 for the road. The developers opted for a normally-aspirated powerplant, not only because it saves up to 40 kg in weight. Marco Ujhasi: “A natural- ly aspirated engine is a highly emotional powerplant for customers of our road-going vehicles, yet it also has the performance potential to meet the high demands of mo- torsport.”
Engine tests on test benches and racetracks
Thanks to the outstanding baseline engine development for the 911 GT3 R, the RSR motor ran for the first time on the test bench after about seven months. Full-scale endurance runs began after almost a year. The test programme for the engine of the 911 RSR included two 70-hour long runs under different weather conditions. All up, the engine of the 911 RSR withstood over 300 hours of endurance runs. Despite the sophisticated engine test benches, testing on a racetrack is still critical.
“On the test beds, we simulate maximum stress situations, such as a particularly fast qualifying lap on circuits with maximum full-throttle passages such as Daytona and Le Mans,” says Marco Ujhasi. “Special racing situations, like caution phases or a sudden exit from the pit lane, cannot be simulated on a test bench. These insights as well as impacts on the entire vehicle can only be gained on the racetrack.”
Extensive wind-tunnel tests
Early on in the development of the aerodynamics for the new 911 RSR, computer simulations CFD (Computational Fluid Dynamics) were carried out. These trials of- fered the chance to evaluate certain concepts and components without having to ac- tually build a model. Afterwards, the concepts under consideration were tested in the model wind tunnel, in real airflow. After the model wind-tunnel trials, 80 per cent of the car was completed. The next step for the last 20 per cent was then to go testing in the large Weissach wind tunnel with a running belt. This simulates a racetrack al- most identically; it can replicate entire corners to see how the car will behave on ac- tual racetracks. These discoveries are then fed back into the computer simulation, with the help of which one can, for example, very accurately predict lap times the car would normally clock on the racetrack.
911 RSR in the wind-tunnel
The new 911 RSR's serviceability was significantly improved. Changes to the sus- pension setup can be performed much more quickly and easily, and, if necessary, entire elements of the carbon-fibre body can be exchanged completely in a very short time thanks to cleverly-devised quick-release fasteners. A door, for example, can be replaced within 15 seconds, and a front bumper with underbody can be swapped out in less than one minute. “Those who encounter these problems with a private road car,” said Marco Ujhasi, “would have to catch a taxi or a train for the day.”
The new 911 RSR is the first Porsche GT race car to be fitted with state-of-the-art assistance systems. Thanks to a radar-supported collision warning system, the so- called “Collision Avoidance System”, drivers, who are constantly being overtaken by more powerful and faster prototypes, enjoy a better view to the rear. On a monitor in the cockpit, arrows indicate if vehicles are following directly behind. Depending on the colour of the arrows, the driver knows whether the trailing car is coming closer or falling back. Not only does this system work in fair weather, but also in rain, fog and at night. A new safety cage and a new, rigidly-mounted racing seat further enhance driver safety.
Works drivers and teams involved in the development
The Porsche GT works drivers were included in the 911 RSR project at a very early stage. At first, the main priorities were to optimise the correct seating position, the visibility to the front as well as the ergonomics. Drivers must not be affected by a poor seating position, especially at long distance races. Another key factor is the layout of the many lights and switches on the steering wheel and in the cockpit. Every button and switch must be easily accessible and easy to use. As a starting point, a basis was found. The fine tuning came once the car was put on its wheels. From the first test, the drivers were involved in identifying weaknesses and further developing the car in conjunction with the engineers.
The drivers are extremely pleased with the result of this very open cooperation. Richard Lietz, the 2015 winner of the FIA Endurance World Cup as the best GT pilot, sums it up this way: “The new 911 RSR is the best GT car that Porsche has ever built.” After the 2017 debut season, in which the 911 RSR was exclusively fielded by the works team in the FIA WEC and the IMSA Championship, Porsche Motorsport offers the vehicle to selected customer squads in 2018.
Other facts and figures
The new 911 RSR consists of 5,342 individual parts in total. Of this, the vehicle is made up of 3,646 parts, with the engine containing 1,282 parts and the gearbox 414 parts. The largest single part is the body, with the smallest component a circlip in the door handle.
Seven 911 RSR were built by Porsche Motorsport in Weissach for the 2017 motor racing season: Two for the Sports Car World Endurance Championship WEC, two for the IMSA SportsCar Championship, and three test vehicles. It takes four employees ten working days to build one 911 RSR.
Since the roll-out in March 2016 to its first race in January 2017 at the Daytona 24- hour race, over 35,000 test kilometres have been covered on various racetracks with the new 911 RSR – that's more than in the development of any other Porsche GT race car.
Consumption data
Smoke alarms - now a tenant's responsibility as well as a landlord.
The Tenancy Tribunal has fired a warning shot over any tenant who interferes with rental property smoke alarms.
Sixteen days after new rules were passed, the tribunal has ordered one Hamilton tenant, to pay over $3600 for rent arrears and various damage or cleaning costs.
Of the sum, $1850 was for "exemplary damages for tampering with a smoke alarm".
JOHN BISSET/FAIRFAX NZ Tenants may now face heavy penalties for removing batteries from smoke alarms.
Under the new rules introduced on July 1, landlords must install adequate insulation and smoke alarms, and tenants are obliged to keep the alarms running, and replace the batteries.
READ MORE:
* Fire authorities warn of inadequate smoke alarm laws
* Smoke alarm and insulation regulations for rentals will lead to rent rises, landlords say.
Michael Ward, the adjudicator in the case, said the tenant had regularly removed batteries from the smoke alarm, despite repeated reminders and 14-day notices from the property manager.
Then, after leaving, the alarm was gone.
Ward said that under the Building Act, it was an offence to interfere or render inoperable any means of escape from a fire.
Fire safety was a major issue in the renting industry and tenants could be charged up to $3000 in exemplary damages if they breached the act.
"Based on the evidence provided, I can only conclude that the breach was deliberate, intentional, continuous and showed total disregard for the tenant's obligations," the adjudicator said.
The tenant did not appear at the hearing.
John Verstegen​, a technician with Smoke Alarm Testing NZ, said they were "flat out at the moment" thanks to the new rules.
The Hamilton case was one they had not encountered before, although they did come across many instances of tenants tampering with alarms.
"It seems like a huge amount of money for removing batteries from a smoke alarm or removing the whole thing.
"But do I think it's harsh? No. I think it's time the tenant starts taking responsibility of not only their own safety and the other people in the house but also the property that they're in."
They said all new alarms these days had to have a non-removable, battery which lasted for 10 years. The whole alarm was disposable.
"With some brands, with a bit of work, you can remove the battery. But a lot of alarms now you can't even remove the battery, which is great because it's going to mean less tampering and less moving of the alarms."
Jeremy Baker of Glasshouse Property Management, the firm involved in the case, said the tenant repeatedly reassured their company that the smoke alarm had been reinstalled, even sending a photo.
But come the final inspection, the alarm was gone, as was the mounting bracket and the holes were puttied over.
"I think it was further aggravated for us that there is evidence of smoking inside the property and hence a reason why they're pulling it down, which is quite a high fire risk in the first place.
"There are not many cases that have a blatant disregard for the rules from tenants. Generally, we'll give them a verbal warning and explain to them why it's important and we don't have further issues.
'It's not like we're going to take every tenant to who pulls a smoke alarm to court but in this situation it's pretty blatant and continual."
Baker said it seemed clear the Tenancy Tribunal was taking the new act more seriously.
"Part of our presentation to the court was statistics around rental fires and unfortunately rental properties are well represented in the fire statistics and they're hugely represented in the fatal fires so it's an important matter."
Scotney Williams, director of tenancy services firm Tenancy.co.nz, said feedback he'd received was that most property managers and renters had been quick to comply with the new insulation and smoke alarm rules.
"The Tenancy Tribunal has demonstrated that it is going to come down hard on tenants who prejudice the safety of themselves and others by tampering with smoke alarms. Take notice tenants."
In a unanimous decision, the Supreme Court has ruled that the police need to obtain a warrant to search cell phones in most cases. As Chief Justice John Roberts wrote, cell phones should be regarded as no different from an ordinary computer, since the only difference is that phone calls can be made on them.
Obtain A Warrant To Search Cell Phones?
“The term ‘cell phone' is itself misleading shorthand; many of these devices are, in fact, minicomputers which also happen to have the capacity to be used as a telephone,” Roberts wrote. “They could just as easily be called cameras, video players, rolodexes, calendars, tape recorders, libraries, diaries, albums, televisions, maps, or newspapers.”
In short, cell phones should not be considered any differently from older technologies on which private information, as well as video and audio recordings, might be kept.
This ruling was made in relation to two separate cases on which the Supreme Court ruled. In San Diego, police had used pictures found on David Leon Riley's smart phone and weapons found in their trunk to prove that they had been involved in local gang activity. In a Boston case, law enforcement found information on Brima Wurie's phone which incriminated them in a case involving the selling of crack cocaine. Both cases involved the question of whether searching a cell phone for evidence after an arrest amounted to the same thing as asking a suspect to empty their pockets after their arrest.
The Supreme Court stated that the search of a cell phone should be considered the same as searching a house for records and other physical evidence. In most cases, cops would be required to obtain a warrant to search a house. A cell phone should be subject to the same high standards as searching a house for records because it contains many of the same private records that would have normally been kept beside a “land line” phone, in a photo album or in a drawer at home.
The Supreme Court did recognize exceptions that include cases in which lives may be in imminent danger or evidence may be destroyed while the cops wait for a warrant to come through. The court also did not rule out the consideration of other exigencies that may come up in the future. In a concurrent opinion, Justice Alito wrote that the question could be reconsidered if “either Congress or state legislatures, after assessing the legitimate needs of law enforcement and the privacy interests of cell phone owners, enact legislation that draws reasonable distinctions based on categories of information or perhaps other variables.”
The Fourth Amendment was written to ensure the right of individuals to be “secure in their persons, houses, papers or effects” and did not make exceptions for advances in technology that created new ways to store “papers” as electronic records. Electronic devices such as cell phones and iPads are simply another way to keep records and possess the capacity to take photos and arrange them into “albums”. Recent Wikileaks have revealed that the CIA does illegally use cell phones and other devices that can connect to a data network or the Internet to spy on their users. This is representative of the government's default stance that new technologies like smart phones, the Internet, advanced cryptography and cryptocurrencies are not included in their users' right to privacy because they can be used to enable criminal activity.
Some conservatives are still concerned that the vacancy created by Justice Scalia's death has not yet been filled, thus creating an even split between Conservative and Liberal justices. Even so, Libertarian groups are pleased by the unanimous ruling on the grounds that the Bill of Rights was not written at a time when 21st century technologies such as cell phones existed. This ruling confirms that new technologies that have emerged since the start of the Digital Age are still subject to the same rules as a Rolodex, a file cabinet and a photo album as far as law enforcement authorities are concerned.
What do you think of police needing a warrant to search cell phones? Let us know in the comment section below.
Loud Explosions in Seattle as Police Pepper Spray Violent Left-Wing Antifa Protesters (VIDEOS)
The pro-Trump Patriot Prayer Group held a rally on Sunday in Seattle. The march was planned before Saturday's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. The pro-Trump group peacefully marched on Sunday.
That's when left-wing Antifa activists showed up waving Soviet flags, burning American flags, throwing fireworks and spraying police officers with silly string.
Police pepper sprayed the violent Antifa members who were blocking an ally way.
‘Peaceful' liberal protester holding up a sign that says ‘Kill Nazi's':
Police pepper spray protesters blocking an ally way:
Fireworks thrown at police line — Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) August 13, 2017
Cops pepper spraying protesters and loud explosions:
Cops pepperspraying! Loud booms, explosion at the Seattle #charlottesville solidarity march pic.twitter.com/i79i1ehqxh — Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) August 13, 2017
Antifa burning an American flag:
Police getting sprayed with silly string:
Seattle PD getting doused in silly string pic.twitter.com/WD6njxf5sY — Mike Bivins (@itsmikebivins) August 13, 2017
Police holding their ground:
Antifa waving the Soviet flag:
Police just used pepper spray on Solidarity AH protesters trying to cut through an alley between 5th and 6th Avenues and Lenora #Seattle pic.twitter.com/brnmQdbp54 — Bettina Hansen (@bettinahansen) August 13, 2017
Protesters chanting ‘cops and klan – hand in hand!' as police arrest a protester:
Protesters chanting “Cops and Klan – Hand in Hand!” as a man is arrested at 4th and Lenora #Seattle pic.twitter.com/dgSkkHOktz — Bettina Hansen (@bettinahansen) August 13, 2017
Tip-Off: 7 PM CST
Location: Chesapeake Energy Arena (Oklahoma City, Oklahoma)
Television: FSOK, ESPN
Radio: The Sports Animal
Twitter: Follow @TheThunderGuys for live-tweets during the game
Player to Watch
PF Ryan Anderson is a big man who is capable of knocking down shots from beyond the arc. They average 12.9 points and 5.5 rebounds a game, but he's capable of having a big night when called upon. Anderson is shooting 40% from three so far this season, so Domantas Sabonis needs to make sure that he's aware inside the paint as well as out around the perimeter.
Keys to the Game
Defend For Four Quarters: Houston leads the league in points per game and three pointers made, ranks third in assists per game and field goal percentage, and ranks fifth in three-point percentage. Needless to say, the Rockets are one of the most explosive teams offensively in the NBA, and the Thunder defense are going to have their hands full. If the Oklahoma City backcourt can effectively protect the perimeter, the rest of the defense will follow suit.
Houston leads the league in points per game and three pointers made, ranks third in assists per game and field goal percentage, and ranks fifth in three-point percentage. Needless to say, the Rockets are one of the most explosive teams offensively in the NBA, and the Thunder defense are going to have their hands full. If the Oklahoma City backcourt can effectively protect the perimeter, the rest of the defense will follow suit. Don't Fear the Beard : James Harden has been an all-around offensive machine so far this season averaging 28.5 points, 11.4 assists, and 7.5 rebounds a game. However, when the Rockets visited Oklahoma City a little under a month ago, Harden was held to only 13 points on 4/16 shooting. They did have 13 assists and 7 rebounds, but they were rendered ineffective shooting the ball. The Thunder need to suffocate Harden on defense and keep the ball out of their hands as they are extremely capable of making plays.
: James Harden has been an all-around offensive machine so far this season averaging 28.5 points, 11.4 assists, and 7.5 rebounds a game. However, when the Rockets visited Oklahoma City a little under a month ago, Harden was held to only 13 points on 4/16 shooting. They did have 13 assists and 7 rebounds, but they were rendered ineffective shooting the ball. The Thunder need to suffocate Harden on defense and keep the ball out of their hands as they are extremely capable of making plays. Control the Game: Oklahoma City continues to rank near the bottom of the league in turnovers with 15.8 per game, but fortunately for the Thunder, so do the Rockets with 16.3 per game. Like Oklahoma City, Houston likes to play fast, uptempo basketball. The Rockets average 16.8 fast break points per game. The Thunder needs to control the game from tip-off by taking care of the ball on offense and slowing down the Rockets while on defense. If they can do that, they will be in a good position to win the game.
Article written by Zack Low. Follow @TheThunderGuys on Twitter and Instagram.
Advertisements
The war on cash is escalating. A big driver isn't central banks who want to be able to inflict negative interest rates on savers, or Treasuries who see cash transactions as hiding revenues from their tax collectors, but the payment networks that want to kill cash (and checks!) as competitors to their oh so terrific (and fee-gouging) credit and debit cards.
However, one bit of good news is there doesn't appear to be much enthusiasm on the buyer, as in merchant, end.
First, the overview from the Wall Street Journal:
Visa Inc. has a new offer for small merchants: take thousands of dollars from the card giant to upgrade their payment technology. In return, the businesses must stop accepting cash. The company unveiled the initiative on Wednesday as part of a broader effort to steer Americans away from using old-fashioned paper money. Visa says it is planning to give $10,000 apiece to up to 50 restaurants and food vendors to pay for their technology and marketing costs, as long as the businesses pledge to start what Visa executive Jack Forestell calls a “journey to cashless.”
There are good reasons to think this initiative won't get far.
Customer resistance. Food vendors, and in particular restaurants, are low margin businesses with fickle customers who have little to no loyalty. Why risk driving business away?
Aside from the fact that some customers prefer cash, a related issue is that using cards and smartphones often seem to be a tax on time. I really hate using chip cards. Mag cards were often faster than cash, since you swiped and could stuff the card back in your wallet while the transaction was being approved. Chip cards, by contrast, require you to keep the card in the machine while it is being approved, so one is very much aware of the wait. And when I've seen people using phones (often to buy small stuff like coffee, which really amazes me), I find that they are slower with it that they would probably be with cash, in that they seem to have to fumble with the phone to get the right app readied and then the payment doesn't always go right through either.
And that's before you get to the fact that Apple Pay and other smartphone payments time stamp exactly when you paid, adding to the information the surveillance state is gathering about you. By contrast, even if you use a credit card at a store, Clive informs us that the card network typically retains only the date of transaction.
Higher merchant charges. I take credit and debit cards through PayPal, and also checks. And even though I am often slow to deposit checks because I find it hard to get to the bank, I'd still rather have checks despite the somewhat greater hassle because I save the 3% cut the card networks take. Visa makes the argument that handling cash has costs too, but they are the ones that have ginned up the numbers, and in my case, they don't wash. As the Journal points out:
Indeed, many merchants prefer cash because they don't have to share the revenue with card companies. Credit-card interchange fees, which networks like Visa set and that merchants pay to the banks that issue their cards, are on average around 2% of the transaction amount, according to the National Retail Federation, the largest trade group that represents merchants in the U.S. “The idea that merchants don't want to accept cash is a myth,” said Mallory Duncan, senior vice president and general counsel at the National Retail Federation.
Negative impact on employees who get tips. As one of my tax attorney buddies drily remarks, “Some people have this odd idea that cash payments aren't taxable.” Restaurant workers who have tips as the major source of their income almost assuredly prefer getting them in cash, rather than facing the delay of having their employer receive them through the payment network which creates delay as well as the not-trivial odds that the boss might cheat them either informally or declare that he's entitled to a processing cut. And that's before getting to the fact that restaurant pay levels probably pre-suppose a fair bit of tax evasion, so the business owner might risk losing their better employees to competitors who hadn't gone the no-cash route.
Enforcement. How is Visa going to police establishments that say they aren't going to take cash? Will Visa have spies? Will Visa have audit rights?
Risk of legal challenge. As a surprisingly large number of Wall Street Journal readers pointed out, cash is a legally sanctioned means of payment. For instance:
Richard Tavis Merchants who will no longer accept cash won't get my business, period. Call me a Luddite, but U.S. currency pretty clearly states that “THIS NOTE IS LEGAL TENDER FOR ALL DEBTS, PUBLIC AND PRIVATE”. It seems to me this will go to court eventually. Merchants must accept notes issued by the Fed. Sorry, that's the way it is. Richard Tauchar @Richard Tavis
That's my take as well.
And, as someone else mentioned, what happens if you refuse to pay with a Visa, or don't have one, after having completed the meal? Will they take cash then, or is the meal free? So I'd be surprised if Visa had a legal leg to stand on, when trying to make these deals.
The Treasury does support the position that private business can refuse to take cash as payment for goods and services, as opposed to settlement of debts.
However, as writers following David Graeber's Debt: The First 5000 Years, like to point out, we incur and settle debts all the time. And a bar tab or restaurant bill is a debt. The vendor provides the service<strong> without being paid, then expects you to settle the debt you incurred.
Thus the market segment Visa is targeting for this move (the Wall Street Journal headline says, Visa Takes War on Cash to Restaurants) would seem to be one where Visa is on a particularly weak legal footing. I can easily see someone with a penchant for mixing things up go to a restaurant, either not have a card or bring a card they know will be declined (just to look like they didn't intend to stage a stunt) and then video putting down more than enough cash to settle the bill and leave. The merchant will have no legal out. He's been paid. And at least in any decent-sized city, no way will the cops intervene. They'll regard this as a private dispute not worth their time. If the restaurant staff try to restrain the exiting customer, they could wind up with a very costly suit on their hands.
Taking cash may be the real point of the merchant. A savvy New York City colleague regularly points out how many New York City businesses, like pizzerias and cheap jewelry stories that never seem busy, or nail salons that have economics that don't seem to make sense, are probably partly if not mainly in the money laundering business.
Visa has even bigger ambitions:
Visa is trying to turn those numbers more in its favor. In the U.S., it is going after spending categories, such as parking and rent, that have been entrenched in cash and check payments for decades. Abroad, it is partnering with governments to move more payments onto its network, including an agreement that it recently signed with the Polish government to move the country to a cashless system.
For what it's worth, my landlord (more accurately, their in-house management operation), who has an office building that takes up a full block on Park Avenue in the upper 40s, plus has seven residential buildings, takes only checks for rent. One factor may be that in NYC, if a landlord accepts a rental payment from a party, that party obtains a legal interest in the lease. That in turn means the landlord would lose one of their main axes for controlling who lives in the apartment (or worse, a corporation could pay make a rental payment and in theory let anyone it authorized stay in the apartment). It's easy to see on a check who is making the payment. On a bank transfer, the landlord may regard it as too much hassle to verify the source of a bank auto-debit to be worth any potential labor-savings on other fronts. I'd be curious to learn from any readers who rent what types of payments their landlord accepts.
In the meantime, those of you who like cash should not just make a point of paying in cash, but also tell the employees and in particularly, anyone who appears to be a manager that they will lose your business if they stop taking cash. Vocal customers may be the best way to head off Visa's profiteering.
by Wyatt Buchanan, SF Chronicle Staff Writer
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger said Tuesday that the time is right to debate legalizing marijuana for recreational use in California.
The governor's comments were made as support grows nationwide for relaxing pot laws and only days after a poll found that for the first time a majority of California voters back legal marijuana. Also, a San Francisco legislator has proposed regulating and taxing marijuana to bring the state as much as $1.3 billion a year in extra revenue.
Schwarzenegger was cautious when answering a reporter's question Tuesday about whether the state should regulate and tax the substance, saying it is not time to go that far.
But, they said: “I think it's time for debate. I think all of those ideas of creating extra revenues – I'm always for an open debate on it.”
The governor said California should look to the experiences of other nations around the world in relaxing laws on marijuana.
Assemblyman Tom Ammiano, D-San Francisco, has introduced a bill to regulate marijuana like alcohol, with people over 21 years old allowed to grow, buy, sell and possess cannabis – all of which are barred by federal law.
California voters in 1996 legalized marijuana for medical use with permission from a physician.
Ammiano said they were pleased the governor is “open-minded” on the issue and added that they were sure the two could “hash it out.”
Under Ammiano's proposal, the state would impose a $50-an-ounce levy on sales of marijuana, which would boost state revenues by about $1.3 billion a year, according to an analysis by the State Board of Equalization. Betty Yee of San Francisco, who chairs the Board of Equalization, supports the measure.
“This has never just been about money,” said Ammiano, who has long supported reforming marijuana laws. “It's also about the failure of the war on drugs and implementing a more enlightened policy. I've always anticipated that there could be a perfect storm of political will and public support, and obviously the federal policies are leaning more toward states' rights.”
CLICK HERE TO READ THE FULL ARTICLE
AUSTIN, TX — Jeff Mateer — the top executive working in the attorney general's office in Austin who's a nominee for a federal judgeship — has called transgender children examples of "Satan's plan" and argued that gay marriage could usher in wholesale bestiality and polygamy.
Earlier this month on Sept. 7, President Trump announced nominees to fill five federal court vacancies in Texas, including Mateer — the first assistant attorney general of Texas working alongside Attorney General Ken Paxton in the state capital — to serve in the Eastern District with vacancies in the cities of Tyler and Plano.
The nomination to the lofty post has heightened scrutiny of Mateer's beliefs. Among those expressed beliefs, as CNN reported Wednesday, is positing transgender children as evidence of satanic influence and their theory that gay marriage will inevitably lead to bestiality and multiple-partner weddings.
CNN quoted Mateer expressing those views from a pair of speeches they gave in 2015 while serving as general counsel for Liberty Institute, a legal advocacy group operating through the prism of conservative Christian principles now known as First Liberty Institute.
In May 2015, Mateer reportedly gave a talk titled "The Church and Homosexuality" before Christian pastors and church leaders in which they decried a homosexual agenda they said was being imposed on the public. In that speech, they condemned parents in Colorado who sued a school for banning their transgender daughter from using the girl's bathroom, CNN reported.
"Now, I submit to you, a parent of three children who are now young adults — but still, a first-grader really knows what their sexual identity (is)? I mean, it just shows you how Satan's plan is working and the destruction that's going on," they said.
They warned of an "anything goes" scenario that acceptance of gay marriage will usher in, expressing their imagined scenarios of multiple marriages and unions with animals as a result: "Why couldn't four people want to get married?" Mateer asked rhetorically.
They didn't stop there: "Why not one man and three women, or three women and one man? I mean, it's disgusting. There are people who are marrying themselves. Somebody wanted to marry a tree. People marrying their pets. I mean, it's just like — you know, you read the New Testament and you read about all the things and you think, 'That's not going on in our community.' Oh yes it is. We're back to that time where debauchery rules."
CNN also reported of a separate speech given in November 2015 during which Mateer endorsed "conversion therapy," a controversial method of changing sexual orientation through religious means. While a litany of medical, pediatric and psychiatric groups — including the American Psychiatric Association and the American Pediatric Association — have categorized such tactics as harmful, Mateer called it "Biblical counseling" at a conference hosted by pastor Kevin Swanson, who often preaches to their flock of the Biblical punishment of death for homosexuality.
"And if you're giving conversion therapy, that's been outlawed in at least two states and then in some local areas, so they're invading that area," Mateer said.
Mateer earned a law degree from Southern Methodist University and currently serves in Paxton's office supervising litigation matters before the state. Their position as U.S. district judge in Plano would be a lifetime appointment.
The nomination seems to fit into Trump's mercurial stance on LGBTQ rights. Once vowing to protect the rights of that community while on the stump, Trump has since rescinded Obama-era guidelines to schools pertaining to transgender children's use of bathrooms and has outlined a plan to ban transgender people from serving in the military.
Thank you to the LGBT community! I will fight for you while Hillary brings in more people that will threaten your freedoms and beliefs.
— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) June 14, 2016
>>> The Uppermost image via Shutterstock, photo of Mateer via LinkedIn
0 Congress may pass a bill that would let employers force you to take a genetic test -- or pay
Companies such as 23AndMe and Ancestry.com market themselves as a fun resource to discover more about your past through analysis of your genetic makeup.
But genetic testing can also do much more, revealing predispositions towards certain illnesses. And given concerns about healthcare options for people with preexisting conditions, the privacy of such test results has turned controversial.
A new bill in the House, HR 1313, would allow employers to force their workers to take a genetic test and share the results with them or pay a penalty of thousands of dollars, per Ars Technica.
The bill has already passed through committee, getting approved by the House committee on education and the workforce along a party-line vote, and will likely form part of Republicans' effort to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, according to STAT.
In 2008, Congress passed the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act (GINA), which prohibited discrimination by employers and insurers based on genetic information, or even allowing employers to request that information, with exceptions. However, the Affordable Care Act allowed employers to demand that workers take part in workplace wellness programs or pay up to 50 percent extra for health insurance. Among those wellness programs, companies could ask employees about their personal habits or require them to undergo screenings for health issues or classes on health habits.
Under the Obama administration, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) reaffirmed that such programs were voluntary despite the extra costs assigned to people who opted out. HR 1313 would place genetic testing under such wellness programs.
The bill's proponents say it is necessary to reconcile the GINA's nondiscrimination statutes with the Affordable Care Act's wellness program mandates, while its critics argue that there is little evidence that workplace wellness programs produce beneficial results.
“What this bill would do is completely take away the protections of existing laws,” Jennifer Mathis, director of policy and legal advocacy at the Bazelon Center for Mental Health Law, told STAT.
“Those who are opposed to the bill are spreading false information in a desperate attempt to deny employees the choice to participate in a voluntary program that can reduce health insurance costs and encourage healthy lifestyle choices,” a spokesperson for the House Committee said in a statement. “We believe working families should be empowered with that choice, and so did the Obama administration. It is another sad reminder of just how extreme the Democrat party and their liberal allies are becoming.”
Meanwhile, people's genetic data can also be sold as long as it is “anonymized,” meaning any obvious identifying characteristics are removed, per Forbes. But as Global News reports, DNA data carries so much information about a person that scientist think they will one day be able to digitally recreate mugshots based off DNA samples, meaning it is impossible to ensure genetic data is completely anonymous.
Such data may be attractive to advertisers, who could theoretically tailor ads to individuals, as well as hackers. And while federal law prohibits insurers from discriminating based on preexisting conditions, privacy advocates still fear that HR 1313 would provide employers with too much personal information about employees.
While the bill as is having been given a low probability of passing on its own by PredictGov, STAT reports that it is likely to be folded into another bill related to the American Health Care Act.
Correction: An earlier version of this story stated that the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act prohibits employers from requesting genetic data from employees. While GINA does stipulate this, it includes several exceptions, including wellness programs.
STORY FROM THE NEWS TRIBUNE.
© 2019 Cox Media Group.
The source CNN media reporter Brian Stelter introduced to the world as the man “who was piloting the Chinook that Williams was on,” is now backing off their claim. And Stelter is now all but admitting they were burned by this source. He's also suggesting they were misled by NBC News, an outlet highly invested in getting a favorable narrative out about their prize anchor.
The source in question, Rich Krell, told a story very favorable to Williams. Through CNN, Krell claimed that Williams' chopper was in the formation with the chopper that really was hit by the RPG and therefore close enough for Williams to witness the incident. Krell also claimed that the chopper Williams was riding in was hit by small arms fire.
This story was hugely important to Williams, and some media reporters like Politico's Dylan Byers grabbed hold of it as enough to save Williams' job and excuse their wild tale as an act of “conflation.” Byers has now changed their tune completely.
But while CNN and Stelter trumpeted this reporting, at least four other military witnesses, including two the New York Times identified as the real pilots that day, completely disputed and contradicted Krell's claims. They said Williams chopper was never hit by small arms fire and that the chopper Williams was in was at least thirty minutes behind the Chinook hit by the RPG. Therefore, Williams was in no position to witness or “conflate” anything.
Later that same day, CNN anchor Jake Tapper interviewed Krell and again identified them as Williams's pilot on the day in question.
In their retraction Stelter explains:
I looped in my editor at CNNMoney and started verifying Krell's identity and story. I asked myself: was Krell a “plant?” Did they invent their Twitter account to trick me? No — their account dated back to 2012. I cross-referenced their Twitter and LinkedIn accounts and other Google results for their name. I found what he'd written about Iraq, and what had been written about him. Importantly, I found a picture of Krell standing with Williams in a book published by NBC News about the Iraq War. Perhaps most importantly, I contacted the NBC News public relations department. When I asked about Krell's name, the P.R. person replied with a message labeled “off the record,” so I can't quote it here. Suffice to say, the reply gave me more confidence in Krell's account. Then I wrote a CNNMoney story, quoting Krell at length. “He messed up some things and said some things they shouldn't have,” Krell said — while backing up Williams' accounts of “small arms fire.” I also helped set up Krell's Thursday afternoon interview on CNN TV. The newspaper Stars and Stripes published a story on Thursday afternoon contradicting Krell's account. I called Krell and they told me, “No, that's not what happened.” Krell is now working for a military contractor after serving in the Army from 1983 to 2007.
Here's video of Stelter's mea culpa:
—
—
Stelter also suggests that during the confirmation process they were misled by NBC:
Perhaps most importantly, I contacted the NBC News public relations department. When I asked about Krell's name, the P.R. person replied with a message labeled “off the record,” so I can't quote it here. Suffice to say, the reply gave me more confidence in Krell's account. … The NBC P.R. person now says the network can't confirm which person piloted Williams' helicopter. The situation remains murky and many questions remain unanswered. (There is somebody that can clear a lot of this up — and that's Williams.)
This is the second public embarrassment for Stelter in as many weeks.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC
The Internet has always tried to be ambitious and creative, but to their plight, it hasn't always worked for them. Their debut, Purple Naked Ladies saw an effective and refreshing outlook on synth-funk and R&B but ultimately sank due to Syd's uninspired vocal moments and the lacklustre song structure. Feel Good, their sophomore release, was a wholesome attempt at truly embodying a band, and they may have had a couple home runs with certain singles, but ultimately the album's “experimentation” just made for some stale, humdrum album filler. But throughout these records and the various loosies, features and EP's in between, there has always been promise. The band, lead by Matt Martians and their animated chord-based production has generally been impressive and came into their own when they toured with Mac Miller, subsequently producing a stellar live album Live From Space that breathed new life into Mac's album Watching Movies With the Sound Off and live albums as a whole. Syd, too, has always had a tremendously flavourful and awe-inspiring voice, one that is equal parts sweet and raspy, and one that can fluctuate between an array of ranges. With their latest colourful record, Ego Death, The Internet has not only finally found a sweet-spot, but it's also found an identity—one far from the realms of being just an Odd Future spawn band.
Instead, Ego Death places The Internet in the frontrunners of pop-R&B contention by reaching into the corners of funk and fusion-jazz. ‘Special Affair' is a great example, one that sports a weighty bass-line driving sweet and sultry vocals as Syd tempts and seduces a subject of their choosing. ‘Under Control' flutters along with thin, bouncing drum patterns and a very jazzy guitar riff and dancing clavs. Syd shines again with a choppy, conversational flow that employs a very matter-of-fact storytelling style that is bold yet compelling. Even the album intro, ‘Get Away' wastes no time getting into the nitty-gritty of this new, sexy, coarse Internet that lends a hand to early Pharrell songwriting styles—the ‘Frontin' kind that seductively begged for female energy. It's the execution of these styles that the Internet would have been troubled with previously, but Syd has seemingly found a pocket on every track here with the band rarely missing a step.
The features aren't to shabby either—the Vic Mensa flanked ‘Go With It' sees Vic flowing continuously, de-railing and offbeat at times but ultimately thriving over the funky beat before Syd comes in to croon infectiously like they do. ‘Girl' hits a little deeper and with a different wobble courtesy of Kaytranada spinning a new direction on The Internet's funk. Syd rides the beat and is able to churn out a refreshing, spacy cut that is perfect for midnight seduction, or an H&M commercial. The legendary, Dungeon Family-approved queen Janelle Monáe lends their voice to a rockier, contagious groove in ‘Gabby'—easily one of the brightest, inspiring, and enjoyable moments on the album. ‘Palace/Curse' features Tyler, the Creator's new found knack for runs and melodies they toyed with on Cherry Bomb, while Tyler also narrates a house party in a very fun and retro fashion. It's ambitious and it pays off, serving as a daring and brazen outRo.
Even though you can guess that Syd is crooning romance-fuelled lullabies on every track, the substance here is not ankle-deep. Tracks are subject to burst into different melodies and runs just before they expire, and Syd is also prone to appear flawed and vulnerable showing every angle of lust and desire, and even the self-destructive tendencies that come with these sentiments. At it's core, Ego Death maintains the balance of having catchy pop melodies equipped with personable and relatable lyrics that open up a little more of Syd's personal emotions rather than flaunting surface level songwriting as if it was profound. The Internet bask and roll in erotica, while playing with influences that stretch from The Neptunes to D'Angelo, all with a modern and current exterior.
Ego Death is spunky and spirited, and ultimately is the best project The Internet has ever put out. It glows and thrives throughout, and is surprisingly striking without a bland moment in between. If you're a fan of instrumentation, the beats here are rich enough to keep you guessing and more than entertained—and if you're a fan of old-fashioned melody, Syd has never been more excellent at treading the lines of moody and relatable, all while being inexplicably erotic. Long gone are the days of The Internet awkwardly trying to carve a place for themselves in modern R&B, as with Ego Death, they have swooped in and snatched their own spot among music's elite—and they probably snatched your girl, too.
NEWS: First Batch Stock forIJOY LIMITLESS RDTA Classic Edition with Free Shipping
IJOY LIMITLESS RDTA 6.9ML Classic Edition Tank Description:
The LIMITLESS RDTA classic edition is the newest by IJOY, which features a interchangeable decks design, the pre-installed postless deck,the gold plated 510 connection. And combined with the benchmark setting wicking assembly, in which the users can quickly unthread the mid section of the tank for access into the reservoir itself, the LIMITLESS RDTA classic edition offers incredible ease of use.With one of the most unique build decks available today coupled with a feature rich system, the LIMITLESS RDTA classic edition is a definitive must buy for build enthusiasts and advanced users.
IJOY LIMITLESS RDTA Classic Edition Features:
25mm Diameter
Interchangeable building deck
IMC-7 postless building deck(included)
IMC-3 Velocity -style deck（included）
IMC Coil 3 pre-made coil(included)
More than 11 decks to choose from
510 drip tip adapters
Peek Insulator
6.9ml Tank Capacity
Thread Mid Section ,Easily Wicked System
Innovative Side Fill
Delrin and Stainless steel chuff cap
Adjustable Gold Plated 510
RDA base
LIMITLESS RDTA Classic Version By IJOY Package Contents:
Previously hidden evidence from a plane crash in which Poland's president and 95 others died in 2010 will be revealed soon, the country's defence minister has said.
The site of the Polish presidential plane crash in 2010. Photo: Wikimedia Commons
Speaking to Polish news agency PAP, Defence Minister Antoni Macierewicz said a “subcommission” investigating the disaster would reveal its findings soon.
They added that most of the evidence was known previously but had not been revealed and that some new information would also be released.
Macierewicz earlier said that evidence of Russian involvement in the disaster had been found, but declined to give details to the news agency.
“I would gladly show you the material today, but I am not the Committee for Investigation of National Aviation Accidents,” Macierewicz told PAP.
“Allow the commission to do it at a time it sees is fit, which is not far off,” they added in the interview.
Macierewicz told PAP that the material included analyses that “build on” evidence collected since the 10 April, 2010 disaster in Smoleńsk, in western Russia.
The defence minister said a lot of information had been hidden by a commission probing the disaster under Poland's previous government from 2010-2011.
A new probe into the plane crash was launched after the Law and Justice (PiS) party came to power in Poland in late 2015. PiS politicians have challenged a report under the previous Polish government which concluded the crash was an accident.
But a so-called Macierewicz committee in 2014 found that the presidential plane was brought down by an explosion.
The crash in western Russia on 10 April, 2010 saw the death of 96 people, including then-President Lech Kaczyński – twin brother of PiS's current leader Jarosław Kaczyński – and then-first lady, as well as many top military and government officials.
The Polish report on the causes of the tragedy, which happened in dense fog on approach to a military airfield lacking ground identification radar, cited a catalogue of errors on the Polish side, while also pointing to errors made by Russian staff at the control tower of the Smolensk military airport. The Russian report placed all the blame on the Poles. (vb)
Crypto Cannabis Conference Helps Businesses in Banking Limbo
Bitcoin will resolve many problems the legal cannabis industry faces by reducing risk and expenses, and increasing transparency. So says Robert Stephan of Aroma Events, organizer of the third annual Crypto Cannabis Conference on Saturday 21st October 2017 in Denver, Colorado.
Also read: Crypto Price Disaster Postponed as Chinese Fears Fade. Maybe.
Until everyone's using cryptocurrencies though, the industry faces obstacles every time it needs to interface with fiat money and mainstream finance. Crypto Cannabis Conference (CCC) bills itself as an educational event to keep participants up to date with the latest techniques to overcome them.
There will be plenty of panel discussions and Q&A sessions. The content is aimed also at newcomers to cryptocurrency who need to learn how it fits into their business.
“I'd like to see interested people being educated, a Bitcoin BootCamp, Stephan told Bitsonline. Hands on demos from wallet companies, ATM companies, mining companies, etc. Engaging with the attendees and making personal contact with those interested from the cannabis industry.”
Main Focus Still Bitcoin, Cannabis Altcoins ‘Useless'
In the past, the conference has been a Bitcoin-only event. In 2017 that will change slightly, with a livestream with Monero project leader Riccardo “FluffyPony” Spagni.
Stephan said many people requested more information on whether something like Monero is a suitable bitcoin alternative. However some remain concerned it could present more risk with its added complexity, lack of transparency, less liquid market, and lower adoption rate.
There's also the never-ending parade of altcoins supposedly designed for the marijuana industry, including potcoin, marijuana coin, maryjane coin and cannabis coin. Their real benefit seems minimal at best — most feel more like publicity stunts and value pump attempts, and Stephan described them as “useless”.
Over $1 Billion Per Year – in Cash
Colorado's legal cannabis industry is worth around $1 billion USD or more per year — working mainly in physical cash.
Despite that value, and the increasing decriminalization and even legality of cannabis in the U.S., most companies are still denied access to mainstream financial networks. That includes most bank accounts.
It's a strange regulatory limbo for companies wishing to engage in legitimate and (in their state anyway) legal commerce. And it could be a perfect use case for cryptocurrencies and parallel financial systems.
Changing Laws, Attitudes at State Level Only
We've seen radical changes over the past two decades. This is due mainly to equally radical shifts in political and cultural attitudes — and vast differences that remain between jurisdictions.
Medical marijuana became legal in California in 1996. Within years, other states and territories followed. By 2017, eight states had even legalized it for recreational use. About 20 others have varying degrees of decriminalization and restriction, and three states still ban it outright for any reason.
But marijuana remains a Schedule 1 substance under U.S. federal law — which, given federal law supremacy under the Constitution, makes it illegal everywhere. Federal threats to enforce this have been more common than action so far, but it still deters banks.
Schedule 1 is still the highest classification, which the DEA defines as “a substance that has a high potential of being abused by its users and has no acceptable medical uses”. Though the medical and recreational cannabis industries would disagree strongly with this, it highlights the cultural battle they still face.
PayPal, National Banks Block Cannabis
So how does a business operate without a bank account?
“Since I started, I have learned a lot about what the cannabis industry is doing to manage their cash. The first option is to pay everything in cash, in person, taking all the risk themselves. The next option is to pay everything in cash, and pay armed guards to move the cash.”
Another option is to use an insurance agent to open an equity account, which is not uncommon but could be another gray area.
Fewer are even trying to use PayPal these days — the company has a reputation for shuttering cannabis-related accounts, and freezing funds. Credit card companies also refuse to touch the cannabis business, for fear of trouble from federal authorities.
Stephan pointed to The Fourth Corner Credit Union — chartered in the State of Colorado and formed in 2014 specifically to serve the cannabis industry. But it's been blocked from holding a master account with the Federal Reserve.
Fourth Corner is suing the Fed to gain access. One district court dismissed the lawsuit with prejudice in December 2015, but an appeal is underway.
“I would be forcing the Reserve Bank to give a master license to a credit union that serves illegal businesses,” the judge said at the time.
Forced to Bank in a Strange Legal Limbo
“When I hear a dispensary owner/manager say they have banking, my favorite question is ‘What is the name of your bank?' Because I know they can't legally answer the question. Answering me would violate the strict NDA,” Stephan said.
According to Bruce Barcott in an article on Leafly, there are other local banks and credit unions with state-based charters. They include Seattle's Salal Credit Union and Oregon's Maps Credit Union.
These companies will work with marijuana-related businesses (MRBs) but it's usually kept quiet. FinCEN reportedly allows them to stay unmolested by imposing strict but informal guidelines that include filing regular reports on their clients.
That's expensive for independent dispensaries — up to $1,000 a month. And the guidelines aren't even proper laws, meaning these relationships are still a gray area that could change on a whim.
Additionally, the credit union only stores the money. Storing and transporting thousands of dollars in paper cash takings (in $20 bills) every day presents a serious risk of robbery or worse.
If only there were some way for MRBs to accept digital payments, and not have to store cash…
Well They Should Use Bitcoin Then
Facing such hostile resistance, you'd say bitcoin acceptance is an obvious move for state-based cannabis companies. However, even that isn't so straightforward — national payment processors like Coinbase and BitPay face similar regulations to PayPal, and ban them outright.
Suppliers, landlords, utilities and (ironically) tax authorities all need to be paid in dollars.
“Clearly this is not going to be an easy goal to achieve, to be able to spend Bitcoin as easy as they spend cash,” Stephan continued.
“My advice is to accept as much bitcoin as you can spend, if you don't want to risk holding any due to price volatility. While encouraging those you pay cash to, to accept bitcoin. Until everywhere your business needs to spend money accepts bitcoin.”
“Then, banking will be a moot issue.”
About the Crypto Cannabis Conference
The Crypto Cannabis Conference started in 2015, with people telling Stephan it was “too early”. He's fine with that, though.
Their goal is to double attendance every year. In 2015 about 80 registered, and 50 checked in. That increased to 120/90 at the second event in 2016.
This year's venue, BAR STANDARD in downtown Denver, has a capacity for 300 standing and 175 seated. Stephan said they want to max out the seating room, at least.
To find out more about Crypto Cannabis 2017, check out the website. There's Basic Passes with plenty of extra goodies, Spectator Passes with more, and VIP Passes with everything included. The conference is also looking for sponsors and promo table operators.
Can Bitcoin help the legal cannabis industry? Let's hear your thoughts.
Images via Crypto Cannabis Conference 2017, Bar Standard, Pixabay
Join the Bitsonline Telegram channel to get the latest Bitcoin, cryptocurrency and tech news updates: https://t.me/bitsonline
Mac v.s. Linux - Cross Platform Support (Beta)
This post concerns the Mac and Linux versions of Empire: Total War, ported by Feral Interactive.We have updated the Mac OS X and Linux/SteamOS versions of Empire: Total War so that both versions now use a platform-agnostic maths library. This modification allows Mac OS X and Linux gamers to play against each other, both online and on LAN. Previously, this was impossible because the original library would work differently on different platforms, causing the game to be unable to keep in sync across platforms.The changes to the maths library are fairly complex, so we are offering this as an opt-in Beta option so that you can try it out, and then report any issues you find back to us. We can then make improvements before we make the update available to everyone on the main retail branch.You can find the Multiplayer Beta in the Beta tab of the Empire: Total War Properties window in your Steam client. The Beta branch is called "mac_linux_mp_beta".There are few important points to note about the Beta:1. Battle replays created in the current retail version will not work in the Beta, as they are based on the old maths library. All your other saves and progress are fully compatible.2. If you opt into the Beta you can only play against other Mac and Linux users who are also opted into the Beta.3. The Windows version is not affected by this change, so Mac and Linux users will not be able to play against Windows users, even if they are opted into the Beta.4. If you have issues, please email our support team so they can collate them and report back to our development teams for investigation. The email address for all feedback on this Beta is empiremultiplayer@feralinteractive.com 5. The Beta exhibits a known performance drop compared to retail builds on AMD cards running on Linux which we will be investigating.We hope you enjoy the Beta, and look forward to your feedback.Thanks,The Feral Interactive Team
MAY 18 2015 BY MARK KANE
Team Uber Qik raised the bar for coast-to-coast journey in an electric car.
Drivers Rodney Hawk, Deena Mastracci and Carl Reese drove from Los Angeles City Hall on April 16 to New York City Hall on April 19 in 58 hours and 55 minutes setting a new unofficial record for Guinness Book of World Records.
Of course they used a Tesla Model S (the latest P85D version), moving from Supercharger to Supercharger along the way. This is currently the only solution to set a new record, as no other electric car has range and infrastructure properly covered.
They set also a second record for least charging time in an EV at 12 hours and 48 minutes.
“Accompanied by witnesses and timekeepers, Anthony Alvarado, Matt Nordenstrom and Johnnie Oberg, Jr., Team Uber Qik, led by Reese, broke the previous EV U.S. coast-to-coast time record of 67 hours and 21 minutes set by a team from Edmunds.com in summer 2014. While the team broke two records during this trip, Guinness only recognizes the “least non-driving time to cross the U.S. in an electric vehicle,” meaning the shortest amount of charging time. The team logged just 12 hours and 48 minutes plugged in at Tesla's growing network of supercharging stations conveniently located along major freeways and free to use for all Tesla owners.“
Carl Reese of Santa Clarita, California said:
“I was inspired by my grandfather who took me on road trips as a child and Alex Roy who broke the cross-country record in a gasoline vehicle in 2006. Tesla is such a compelling car company that is creating tens of thousands of American jobs, with Tesla Motors in Fremont, California, Giga Factory in Sparks, Nevada, and SpaceX in Hawthorne, California.”
Team Uber Qik was sponsored by global fleet tracking company GPS Insight, as well as by InspectMobile.com, TeslaGrille.com and Chalkolot.com.
Calm Days and Frantic Nights - My First Solo Experience
Preparation and Arrival
Having never been camping or backpacking alone, finding the right location for my first night was critical. With so many amazing parks within a few hours of Cincinnati, small gems such as East Fork Lake are easily overlooked.
During my planning stages, I was hoping to find a hike greater than fifteen miles in length near Cincinnati. My first thoughts went straight to places such as Red River Gorge, Hocking Hills or even Shawnee State Forest. These locations, however, are nearly two hours away at best. If something were to go wrong, my only out would be to contact the park for an exit. However, I eventually stumbled upon East Fork's backpacking trails (thanks to BackpackOhio.com ). Listed as 14 miles and 32 mile loops, either of these trails seemed like a perfect match. Thinking I was equipped and strong enough, I decided to set my goals high and attempt the 32 miles perimeter trail.
Finding information about the trail online was a challenge and most of what I found was dated. However, once I contacted East Fork's Park Office, they explained what all I needed to do in order to hike there. The details were sorted and the weekend was decided (not only was the weather going to be beautiful, I was given an extra day for Veteran's Day).
Upon arrival at East Fork Lake I was handed this form (with attached map) to fill out with details of my trip ( Map and Permit ). I was also advised to purchase an "aerial view" map ($3) which had all of the trails in the park overlaid on an aerial photograph of the park. I would advise anyone who was looking to hike the trails to also purchase this map.
On the Trail - Day One
I decided to hike from the park office around to Camp 4 for my first day. Having arrived at 1pm, I knew my daylight was quickly fading. I needed to hike about 8 miles before the sun set at about 5:30. I was advised leaving my car outside the main building as it is much more visible than parking at the trail head.
The trailhead is just down to road from the main office. If you follow the road you entered to park on, it is to the left down a gravel path. Near the end, you will find a notification board with maps of the park and details about the two trails. Pictured above is the "Backpack Trail" trailhead and a small pond next to the parking lot.
The trail begins very nicely through the woods. It was very well marked and quite an easy walk. I was able to travel at a little over 3 miles per hour and did not feel stressed or rushed. Shooting off to the left and right of the trail were a few mountain biking trails which looked to be in good shape.
As I walked further down the trail, I descended into a beautiful creek bed which flowed into the lake. The entire area was serene and peaceful with only the occasional sound of a truck engine on the nearby road. After about four miles of hiking over creeks and ridges, I came to a choice. I could either continue along the perimeter trail away from the lake, or I could walk along the road and go over the dams. I choose the latter as I had not yet seen the lake.
The walk along the dam, however painful in my hiking shoes (I have found they are MUCH more comfortable on the trail than on concrete) was well worth the added distance to my hike. Below are two pictures I took from on top of the dam.
Arrival at Camp 4 - Night Terrors
I arrived in camp at around 5:00. The valley Camp 4 lies in was already in shadow and I knew I did not have much time to setup camp if I wanted it done before dusk. Noticing firewood was already piled near the fire ring, I skipped gathering firewood thinking I would be okay with what was provided and began setting up my tent.
I boiled water on my stove, mixed it into my freeze dried buffalo chicken wrap meal and set about starting the fire. What I did not count on was the area being very wet. We had not had any rain in the area for about a week and I was expecting the wood and kindling to be dry enough to start a fire. This was not the case however, and try as I might, I was unable to get a fire started.
After about thirty minutes in total spent trying anything from using journal pages, to toilet paper to even trying to get sticks lit using my stove, I was unable to get a fire so I decided to pack it in for the night and read from inside my sleeping bag. I dozed off around 7:30 pm after reading a good portion of my favorite book series "The Lost Years of Merlin" by T.A. Barron.
At around 12:00 am, I woke up to the sounds of dogs barking in the nearby residential district. I laid in my tent trying to get back to sleep when the sound of howling pierced the air. My heart sank. I went from a peaceful rest to pondering my imminent demise. If you have never been alone in the woods at night, the howling of coyotes is probably not very scary. However, this was the first time I had been out alone like this and I was terrified. (If you do not know what coyotes sound like,
I laid, hands on my knife (as if it was going to be my lifesaver), in my tent for the next hour listening as the howls came closer and closer. Eventually the sound of paws approached my camp. The animal sounded enormous as it walked toward my tent to investigate my presence. My heart was racing. In my head, I saw the most enormous wolf ready to strike at a moment's notice. It walked over to the shelter the park has installed in camp, came back to my tent for another sniff and then crashed off through the woods.
My heart was still racing for the next five minutes just waiting for it to come back with friends. Eventually the terror subsided and I was able to collect myself enough to fall asleep until morning.
Day 2 - Early Exit The night before, I contacted someone who could come pick me up and take me to the car. I had decided that upon arriving in Camp 4 the night before that my legs were not yet strong enough to tackle the trail ahead if the prior eight miles were any indication.
The perimeter trail at East Fork Lake is a shared trail meaning both hikers and horses use the same path. This has caused the trail to become very technical in some sections due to large pits where horse hooves have dug into the mud. The strain of the trail had taken its toll on my ankles and knees and the fifteen mile trek to the next campsite seemed beyond my capability.
My goal was to meet my ride out at the East Fork Campground Office, a two mile hike from Camp 4. However, on my way there, I managed to lose the path (either due to poor blazing or my inability to locate the blaze). Luckily, I was able to contact them and direct them to a new pickup just down the road from where the original location was meant to be.
Although I lost the trail, that morning was beautiful, warm (once I was out of the valley) and peaceful. The two mile hike to the road was a sad reminder that I still have lots of work to do if I want to take on harder trails, but it is also encouraging as I know I can rely on myself to surmount the challenges laid before me.
Personal Learnings I arrived in camp at around 5:00. The valley Camp 4 lies in was already in shadow and I knew I did not have much time to setup camp if I wanted it done before dusk. Noticing firewood was already piled near the fire ring, I skipped gathering firewood thinking I would be okay with what was provided and began setting up my tent.I boiled water on my stove, mixed it into my freeze dried buffalo chicken wrap meal and set about starting the fire. What I did not count on was the area being very wet. We had not had any rain in the area for about a week and I was expecting the wood and kindling to be dry enough to start a fire. This was not the case however, and try as I might, I was unable to get a fire started.After about thirty minutes in total spent trying anything from using journal pages, to toilet paper to even trying to get sticks lit using my stove, I was unable to get a fire so I decided to pack it in for the night and read from inside my sleeping bag. I dozed off around 7:30 pm after reading a good portion of my favorite book series "The Lost Years of Merlin" by T.A. Barron.At around 12:00 am, I woke up to the sounds of dogs barking in the nearby residential district. I laid in my tent trying to get back to sleep when the sound of howling pierced the air. My heart sank. I went from a peaceful rest to pondering my imminent demise. If you have never been alone in the woods at night, the howling of coyotes is probably not very scary. However, this was the first time I had been out alone like this and I was terrified. (If you do not know what coyotes sound like, here is a good example). Even though in the back of my mind I know they are fearful of humans, I could not get over the sheer terror of the situation.I laid, hands on my knife (as if it was going to be my lifesaver), in my tent for the next hour listening as the howls came closer and closer. Eventually the sound of paws approached my camp. The animal sounded enormous as it walked toward my tent to investigate my presence. My heart was racing. In my head, I saw the most enormous wolf ready to strike at a moment's notice. It walked over to the shelter the park has installed in camp, came back to my tent for another sniff and then crashed off through the woods.My heart was still racing for the next five minutes just waiting for it to come back with friends. Eventually the terror subsided and I was able to collect myself enough to fall asleep until morning.
Leave enough time to setup camp properly, or pay the price. This means anything from arriving earlier, or deciding to just forego some aspect (such as a fire) in camp. At night, even the smallest things can seem like huge threats. Do not let your mind run around and make mountains out of mole hills. Know your limits. I was dumb thinking I could take on a 32 miles trail on my first solo outing. I was not fully prepared, both physically and mentally. If I were in another situation I could have wound up hurting myself. Overall, I enjoyed my first night out on the trail. It was an experience I learned a lot from and am excited about my next trip into the woods.
Please comment below if you have anything you want to add, questions you wish to ask, or comments you wish to make about this post.
Until next time,
- Hatch
November 9-1010 miles along perimeter trailSoloNovember 9th - High 61F, Low 28FNovember 10th - High 73F, Low 40F
Tiangong-2 (Chinese: 天宫二号; pinyin: Tiāngōng èrhào; literally: 'Celestial Palace 2") is a Chinese space laboratory and part of the Project 921-2 space station program. Tiangong-2 was launched on 15 September 2016.[7]
Tiangong-2 is neither designed nor planned to be a permanent orbital station; rather, it is intended as a testbed for key technologies that will be used in the Chinese large modular space station, which is planned for launch between 2019 and 2022.[8]
History [ edit ]
The China Manned Space Engineering Office published a brief description of Tiangong-2 and its successor Tiangong-3 in 2008, indicating that at least two crewed spaceships would be launched to dock with Tiangong-2.[2]
Tiangong-2 was originally expected to be launched by the China National Space Agency by 2015[9] to replace the prototype module Tiangong-1, which was launched in September 2011.[10] In March 2011, Chinese officials stated that Tiangong-2 was scheduled to be launched by 2015.[9][11] An uncrewed cargo spacecraft will dock with the station,[9] allowing for resupply.[12]
In September 2014, its launch was postponed to September 2016.[13] Plans for visits in October 2016 by the crewed mission Shenzhou 11 and the uncrewed resupply craft Tianzhou were made public.[14] The station was successfully launched from Jiuquan aboard a Long March 2F rocket on 15 September 2016.[15] Shenzhou 11 successfully docked with Tiangong-2 on 19 October 2016.[16]
Aboard the Shenzhou 11, launched from Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in the Gobi desert, were Commander Jing Haipeng and Chen Dong who formed the inaugural crew for the space laboratory.[17] It was China's first manned mission for more than three years.
During the 30 days the two astronauts were aboard Tiangong-2, they conducted a number of scientific and technical experiments on the physiological effects of weightlessness, tests on human-machine collaboration on in-orbit maintenance technology and released an accompanying satellite successfully. Accompanying photography and near-distance fly-by observation were also carried out. They collected abundant data and made some achievements in programs of gamma-ray burst polarimeter, space cold atomic clock and preparation of new materials.[18]
Shenzhou 11 separated from the orbiting Tiangong-2 space lab on November 17, reentry module landed successfully at the expected site in central Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region at about 13:59 Beijing Time.[18]
On April 22, 2017, the cargo vessel Tianzhou-1 successfully docked with Tiangong-2 marking the first successful docking and refuelling with the orbiting space laboratory.[19] It subsequently performed a second docking and refueling on June 15, 2017. On September 12, 2017, Tianzhou-1 performed the third and final docking and refuelling with Tiangong 2, with what is termed a fast docking which took 6.5 hours, rather than 2 days, to complete.[20]
In June 2018, Tiangong 2 performed orbital maneuvers lowering the orbit to 292 × 297 kilometers, likely in preparation for deorbiting. It has since returned to its usual orbit.[21][22]
Dimensions [ edit ]
The dimensions of Tiangong-2 are:
Crew size: 2, with 30 days of life support resources. [11] The crew (from Shenzhou 11, October 2016) consists of two astronauts.
The crew (from Shenzhou 11, October 2016) consists of two astronauts. Length: 10.4 metres (34 ft). [2]
Maximum diameter: 4.2 metres (14 ft). [2]
Mass: 8,600 kilograms (19,000 lb).[4]
Further developments [ edit ]
Tiānhé-1 is the core module of a planned modular space station. The core module and its other parts are to be launched between 2019 and 2022.
See also [ edit ]
New Delhi: Jamaat-ud-Dawa (JuD) chief and 2008 Mumbai terror attacks mastermind Hafiz Saeed's Twitter account is allegedly being handled by Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI), a report said on Thursday.
According to Zee Media report, intelligence officials believe that the US-designated terrorist's Twitter account is being operated by ISI officials.
Recently, a Twitter account '@HafizSaeedLive' had raked up the Kashmir issue and JNU row and accused the Indian government of fooling its won people. “Alleging me for #JNU protest based on a Fake account in my name is a prime example of how Indian government fools its own people,” one of the tweet read.
The Indian government is expected to soon request YouTube, Facebook and Twitter to block such accounts, intelligence sources said.
The cyber cell of the security establishment is doing its best to counter such anti-India propaganda through social networking websites.
Home Minister Rajnath Singh last week claimed that the event organised in Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) campus against the hanging of Parliament attack convict Afzal Guru had received "support" from Pakistan-based terror outfit LeT founder Hafiz Saeed, sparking a political storm.
Here's a cyberfight it seems anyone could have seen coming.
Among the hundreds of new generic top-level domains under consideration by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN) -- everything from .Google to .music and .home -- one batch, not surprisingly, has caught the attention of the U.S. federal government: applications for .Airforce, .Navy and .Army.
The company that applied to run those domain extensions is Demand Media, the content farm king behind eHow and the owner of Go Daddy competitor eNom. Demand spent $18 million to apply for 26 so-called domain strings through a subsidiary called United TLD Holdco Ltd., which is based in the Cayman Islands.
To come up with the names it wanted, Demand relied on data and analyzing traffic patterns to figure out those that have the best prospects in a world beyond dot-com. "Because of the universality and generic nature of these words, there really aren't grounds for objection by anyone," a Demand Media spokesperson told a site called TheDomains back in June.
Not so fast, says the federal government. Yesterday it filed what's called a GAC Early Warning taking issue with those three proposed generic top-level domains, or gTLDs. GAC stands for ICANN's Governmental Advisory Committee.
The complaint -- big shocker -- is that all three are "confusingly similar to names of specific government agencies." There is one filed on behalf of the Army, Navy, and Air Force.
These filings are warnings, giving Demand Media 21 days to yank the applications while keeping 80 percent of its application fees. Otherwise, the government will likely file formal objections and ICANN will be the ultimate decider. Look for those battles in the spring.
Demand has other applications getting challenged as well, some of which seem less obvious than the U.S. objections. Australia, for instance, filed a warning against .engineer -- complaining that it's "linked to a restricted or regulated market sector" -- and the Czech Republic doesn't want Demand to get .green, saying it could "cause Detriment to the global Green movement."
One of Max Mosley's lasting legacies in F1 was the introduction of their vision of a green initiative in F1. As a result KERS (Kinetic Energy Recovery System) was introduced 2009, as part of a greater package of rule changes to change the face of F1.
KERS is a system which harvests energy under braking and stores it to provide the driver with an extra power boost each lap. A simple technical summary of KERS is here (https://scarbsf1.wordpress.com/2010/10/20/kers-anatomy/ ).
During the 2009 season McLaren were applauded for running Mercedes KERS at every race and it was widely reported as the best KERS in use that year. Along with a few other journalists, I was invited along to Mercedes-AMG Powertrains in Brixworth, UK to hear about KERS development since 2009. With Managing Director Thomas Fuhr and Engineering Director Andy Cowell giving a presentation on the range of work Mercedes-AMG does with its F1 teams.
Mercedes-AMG Powertrains reside on the site that was previously Mercedes-Benz High Performance Engines (MBHPE). Now renamed to reflect the wider application of the groups knowledge, both to uses outside F1 and to areas other than engines. Powertrain is a catch-all term covering; engine, transmission, electronics and of course KERS Hybrid systems.
The company have built a purpose designed Technology Centre on the site, which historically was the Ilmor engine plant and positioned just a few miles from Cosworth in Northampton. Clearly this area has a rich seam of Engine knowledge.
Formed around three buildings the entire F1 engine and KERS development is carried out on site, only specialist functions such as the casting of the crankcases is carried out off site. Additionally other Mercedes-AMG work is carried out here, such as the AMG E-cell car.
KERS 2009
Mercedes-AMG (MBHPE as it was known then) developed their first KERS for 2009 in house. At the time McLaren were the primary customer for the system, although Force India and at the last minute Brawn GP were also customer teams that year. Force India had a chassis prepared to run KERS, but chose not to during the season. Brawn had a chassis designed before their switch to Mercedes engines, so their car was not designed to accept the Mercedes KERS.
In designing the system, Mercedes-AMG had a specific requirement from McLaren. As the effectiveness of KERS was unknown, McLaren didn't want to compromise the car if KERS was removed. So the system was packaged to fit into a largely conventional car. Whereas other KERS suppliers went for a battery position under the fuel tank, McLaren and Mercedes-AMG placed theirs in the right hand sidepod. Low down and far forward, on the floor between the radiator and the side impact structures. The battery pack contains not only the array of individual cells, but also the pump and pipe work for its water cooling circuit. As well as the electronic interfaces for its control and monitoring. The assembly is around 7cm high, 12cm wide and 40cm long. The KBP is probably the single heaviest KERS component. In 2009 this sidepod package was acceptable as the teams were still on Bridgestone tyres and seeking an extremely forward weight distribution. Thus the 5cm higher mounting in the sidepod was offset by its forward placement.
Conversely the smaller Power Control Unit (PCU) was placed in a similar location in the other sidepod, ironically the PCU is around the size and shape of road car battery. This left the monocoque uncompromised, aside from the smaller cut out for the MGU in the rear bulkhead.
Then the Motor Generator Unit (MGU) is mounted to the front of the engine. This device generates and creates the power for the KERS. It's driven from a small set of gears mounted to the front of the crankshaft. the unit remains with the engien when the car is dismantled and is oil cooled along with the engine.
All of the components are linked both to the SECUs CAN bus and to each other by High Current Cable. The latter taking the DC current between the Batteries and MGU. With this packaging Mercedes-AMG quotes the total system weight as 27kg.
Designed and developed by Mercedes-AMG, but other partners were involved; the unique battery cells were supplied via A123 and the MGU was partnered with Zytek. Although the power control electronics were solely a Mercedes-AMG in house development.
Through the 2009 season both McLaren drivers had a safe and reliable KERS at each race. The system was safe even after crashes and was fault free despite rain soaked races. Safety was designed in from the outset, all electrics were double insulated. Teams can also measure damage to the unit via accelerometers and insulation sensors, so any impact or incidental damage can be monitored and the car retired if the need arises. Additionally each cell in the battery has its temperature monitored. KERS batteries are sensitive to high and low temperatures, each cell needing to operate in a specific thermal window. Too low and the unit is inefficient and too hot and there's the danger of explosion.
Perhaps the only criticism was the sidepod battery mounting, despite several incidents, this never put any one in danger, so this never proved to be an unsafe installation.
KERS 2011
For a variety of non technical reasons KERS was agreed not to be raced from 2010 until the planned 2013 rules. However this plan changed, but not before Mercedes-AMG had made new strategic plans around KERS.
Mercedes-AMG set out a longer term strategy to work on research for KERS in preparation for 2013, as well as working with AMG to develop the road car based E-cell technology.
(Link Mercedes-AMG E-Cell chassis )
This changed when the plans for the 2013 engine were pushed back to 2014 and KERS was agreed to be reintroduced for 2011. Thus the 2013 development plans had to rebased and deliver a refined version of the 2009 KERS for 2011. Moreover there were now three teams to be supplied with KERS. There was no Christmas for Mercedes-AMG staff 2010!
As a result of the research work carried out after 2009, Mercedes-AMG now solely design, develop and produce the entire KERS package, aside from the Battery cells. So now the MGU is a wholly Mercedes-AMG part.
With KERS effectiveness proven in 2009, it was possible to have the cars designed around it, rather than it be an optional fitment. So the packaging was revised and the entire system integrated into just two units. The MGU remains attached to the front of the engine, still driven off a spur gear on the nose of the crankshaft. While the KBP and PCU are now integrated into a much smaller single package and fitted under the fuel tank. The unit bolts up inside a moulded recess under the monocoque, the unit being attached using four vibration mounts, and then a closing panel and the cars floor\plank are fitted under it.
It's this integration of the batteries and power electronics that has has really slimmed the 2011 system down. Mercedes-AMG now quote 24kg the entire KERS, much of the 3kg weight loss being down to the reduction in the heavy power cabling between these units.
Not only is the packaging better, but the systems life and efficiency is too. Round trip efficiency stands at a stated 80%, which is the amount of power reapplied to the engine via the MGU after it has been harvested and stored. Improvements in efficiency being in both the charge and discharge phases.
Battery pack life was extended to as much as 10,000km, several times the 2009 predictions that batteries would need replacing every two races (2,400km). Over this period, the cells do not tend to degrade, as the team manage the unit's condition (‘State of Charge' & temperature) throughout the GP weekend to maintain their operational efficiency.
The 80hp boost KERS provides, stresses the engine. This was well known back in 2009, but for 2011 along with DRS the car can be several hundred revs higher than the usual EOS (end of straight) revs. Mercedes-AMG quoted 15-25% more stress for a KERS and DRS aided lap, this needing to be taken into account when the team monitor the engines duty cycle, thus deciding when to replace it. Mercedes conducted additional dyno development of the engine being kept on the rev limiter to fully understand and counter this problem. This work paid benefits; Hamilton ran many laps at Monza bouncing off the rev limiter along the main straight, while chasing Vettel.
KERS in use
Although the max 60KW (~80hp) output can be reduced from the steering wheel, its normal for the driver to use the full 80hp boost each time they engage the KERS boost. With a reliable KERS, the driver will use the full 6s boost on every lap. Media reports suggest Red Bulls iteration of the Renault KERS does not use this full 60kw. Instead something like 44kw, providing less of a boost, but allowing smaller batteries to be used. The loss in boost being offset by the overall benefit in car packaging.
The driver engages a KERS boost either via a paddle or button on the steering wheel, or by the throttle pedal. The latter idea being a 2009 BMW Sauber development, where the driver pushes the pedal beyond its usual maximum travel to engage KERS. Nick Heidfeld brought this idea to Renault in 2011 and the over-extended pedal idea has also been used for DRS too.
Once the driver is no longer traction limited out of a turn, they can engage KERS. Usually a few small 1-2s boosts out of critical turns provides the ideal lap time. It's the driver who has to control the duration of the boost, by whichever control. As with gear shift the drivers can be uncannily accurate in their apportioning of the boost around the lap. It's suggested that the 2009 Ferrari system apportioned the duration of the KERS boost via a GPS map, the driver simply presses the button and the electronics gives them the predetermined amount of boost. This solution came as surprise to Andy Cowell, so one wonders if this is legal or perhaps if the report is true.
From on board shots, we've seen the steering wheel has an array of LEDs or numerical displays to show the driver the boost remaining for that lap. The SECU will have control code written to prevent overuse of KERS around a lap.
Typically the battery will hold more charge than a laps worth of harvesting\discharge. So that any unexpected incidents do not leave the driver without their 6s of boost.
In use KERS can be used in several different ways. When lapping alone KERS typically gains 0.45s per lap, although this varies slightly by track. Along with DRS is can boost top speed by 12kmh. As explained the driver uses a pre-agreed amount of boost, decided from simulation work done at the factory before the race. So the planned strategy of KERS usage will be used in practice, qualifying and in parts of the race. However in the race the driver can use KERS tactically to gain an advantage. Drivers are able to use more a KERS boost to either overtake or defend a position. One feature of 2011 along with the Pirelli tyres being in different condition during the race, was the driver's freedom to alter their racing line and use their grip and KERS to tackle their rivals.
KERS future
KERS continues in its current guise for another two years, then for 2014 along with all new engine regulations there will be a new format KERS. Energy recovery will be from different sources, so the overriding term for the hybrid technology on the car will simply be ERS (Energy Recovery Systems). However KERS will still exist, harvesting energy from braking, but will have a greater allowance for energy stored and reapplied. But, there will also be TERS (Thermal Energy Recovery), which a MGU harvesting energy from the turbocharger. Overall ERS will provide a third of the engines power for some 30s of the lap. No longer will the driver press a button for their KERS boost, it will be integrated in their demand for power from the throttle pedal. The electronics will be constantly managing the Powertrains energy, harvesting and applying energy based on whether the driver is on or off the throttle. In 2014 Powertrains and ERS is set to become very complicated.
New intelligence can be added to mobile devices like the iPhone, Android devices, and low-power computers like Raspberry Pi with Facebook's new open-source Caffe2 deep-learning framework.
Caffe2 can be used to program artificial intelligence features into smartphones and tablets, allowing them to recognize images, video, text, and speech and be more situationally aware.
It's important to note that Caffe2 is not an AI program, but a tool allowing AI to be programmed into smartphones. It takes just a few lines of code to write learning models, which can then be bundled into apps.
The release of Caffe2 is significant. It means users will be able to get image recognition, natural language processing, and computer vision directly on their phone. That task is typically offloaded to remote servers in the cloud, with smartphones then connecting to it.
Mobile devices are getting more artificial intelligence capabilities. More phones are being bundled with Amazon's Alexa and Google Assistant, while Apple's Siri has been a staple in the iPhone for years. Samsung's Galaxy S8 smartphones are due to get the Bixby voice assistant, which should make using the handsets much easier.
Caffe2 can work within the power constraints of mobile devices. It works with mobile hardware to speed up AI applications and create neural networks.
Caffe2 takes advantage of the computing power of new mobile hardware to speed up deep-learning tasks. For example, in smartphones, Caffe2 will harness the computing power of Adreno GPUs and Hexagon DSPs on Qualcomm's Snapdragon mobile chips.
The new machine-learning framework succeeds Caffe, which excelled at image recognition. Caffe was mainly used for machine learning in data centers, and Caffe2 is a complete overhaul so it can work on mobile devices.
"We're committed to providing the community with high-performance machine learning tools so that everyone can create intelligent apps and services," Facebook said in a blog entry on the Caffe2 website.
Caffe2 could also be used to create chatbots. The Caffe2 website has some pre-trained models that could be used to create learning models.
Before this announcement, it was already possible to create deep learning models on mobile devices through Google's TensorFlow. TensorFlow could be ported to devices like drones to add image recognition to cameras. Like with TensorFlow, the code in Caffe2 can be easily ported between multiple environments.
The open-source framework is also a lot faster than the original Caffe. Benchmarks by Intel, Qualcomm, and Nvidia boast significant speed boosts compared to Caffe and other machine-learning frameworks.
There are other machine-learning frameworks like Theano and Microsoft's Cognitive Toolkit (CNTK). Companies deploying machine learning sometimes mix and match frameworks depending on applications.
But the major appeal of Caffe2 still remains tied to mega data centers. For example, servers with GPUs are used to create the rich data sets needed for image recognition. Image recognition involves the classification and labeling of pixels, which can help identify an object accurately. The learning model gets more accurate as more data is fed. That's especially handy in applications like self-driving cars, which need to identify objects to avoid collisions.
Nvidia claims that Caffe2 will be significantly faster than on its high-end GPUs than the original Caffe. Some Nvidia GPUs designed for machine learning have low-level floating computing capabilities, instrumental in creating a powerful neural network to make accurate assumptions.
Facebook is expected to share more details on Caffe2 on Wednesday during the F8 conference being held in San Jose, California.
Oh, bellies. We all have them, and yet they are such a source of body snark. We comment on the tummies of others; we poke at our own with judgmental stares. And now that we're officially in "pre-spring" and our grocery stores have become infiltrated by all those "ways to get your perfect body" tabloids and ads, it has become inevitable that we will begin "stressing over swimsuit season" once more. It seems to me that the main source of body image issues in women tends to be the stomach, but I have no idea how we got here. For one reason or another (maybe Twiggy; maybe the grunge era), we've become these extreme body policers focused on one "aspirational" vision of beauty; closed off to the simple premise that there exists attractiveness in every single body — and that the world would be one boring ass place if we all looked like a Victoria's Secret angel (not that they aren't beautiful, because duh).
For most of my life, I lived in sincere fear of my belly. If anyone ever touched it — by accident or on purpose — I would literally flinch; my brain turning into a self-loathing, raging machine. I wore only one-pieces or tankinis to the beach, but even that was a struggle. The thought of a crop top made me want to cry. The thought of a dude taking off my shirt... don't even get me started. But as I've gotten older, I've realized that these thought spirals aren't unique to fuller-figured women like myself; they're something ingrained in all women, especially in developed, First World countries — where the fitness model has become the No. 1 Desirable, and anyone else is supposed to hide in bed until their body miraculous metamorphoses into that of a gymnast.
The thing is, body hate is dangerous. To live a life in which you're constantly comparing your body to that of other people's is dangerous. It's OK to want to be happy; it's OK to prefer your body when you look a certain way. But the simple truth — and the one we don't hear nearly often enough — is that there is beauty in every form. And our bellies are part of that beauty. Whether flabby, muscular, flat or lardy, your tummy deserves some love. Here are just some reasons why:
1. Because It's Soft
Women covet softness. Most of us will spend hundreds, if not thousands, of dollars on lotions, exfoliants and scrubs each year — trying to achieve that baby-smooth skin. But tummies are naturally on the soft side anyway. Try giving yours a rub right now; you'll see what I mean!
2. Because Jiggling Is Fun
Having me time is a must, and one of my favorite pastimes is wiggling and jiggling my tummy about (something most people can do to an extent, no matter their size). It's cathartic, strange, fun and honestly awesome. Forget twiddling your thumbs; this is much nicer.
3. Because Once You Get Over The Stigma, All That Remains Is Beauty
If you've ever seen a painting by Peter Paul Rubens, you simply cannot deny the beauty in parts of the body typically associated with "unattractiveness" in this 21st century world, be they thighs, bellies or back boobs. It becomes obvious that whether big, small or in-between, the female form is beautiful. And the belly is at the [literal] core of that beauty. It's at the center of your body — it facilitates your status as a living, breathing organism. And it can therefore only ever be a good thing.
4. Because It Can Double As An Awesome Pillow For Someone You Like
Having someone rest on your belly is a very sweet activity for both parties. You get snuggled; they get the world's best pillow. All is right with the universe.
5. Because Tummy Kisses Are The Best
There's something so intimate about being kissed on the belly. Perhaps it's because it's a part of the body that doesn't get a lot of air time; perhaps it's that you're trusting someone enough to see that part yourself. I don't know. But I love 'em.
6. Because It Gives A Home To All That Delicious Food You Eat
If you're lucky enough to have food, you should be thankful to your belly for giving it a home. Rather than curse the gods for "making that brownie go straight to your stomach," just smile at the fact that you were able to enjoy that brownie in the first place...
7. Because Everyone's Is Different
And subsequently, bellies are a source of individuality. Some tummies are flat, some over-hang, some have abs of steel, others are a perfect hourglass. But their uniqueness is always interesting, and worth taking a moment to appreciate.
8. Because It's Something To Grab Onto
Maneuvering bodies in the bedroom isn't always effortless, but it helps to have something to grab onto. For this, we have love handles, hips and (you guessed it) tummies. I guess this mainly applies to those with a bit of flabbiness to them, but hey... anyone can try.
9. Because It's An Emblem Of Your Femininity
To define "femininity" is a very difficult thing, because it means something different on a person-by-person basis. But chances are your belly represents some kind of aspect of your femininity. Perhaps your womanhood is partly defined by the working out you put into your abdomen; perhaps it is partly defined by the wobbliness of your core. Either way, it's yours.
10. Because Embracing Something Taboo Makes It All The More Sexy
Women are made to feel badly about their stomachs either consciously or subconsciously every day, and therefore the stomach has become something we live in fear of. But throwing those social norms aside is extremely liberating. Forget everything you've been taught to hate about yourself, and own that tummy.
11. Because Showing Confidence In A Body Part Most People Hide Is VERY Sexy
It's easy to be confident when it comes to features like your hair or eyes — things that don't come loaded with stigma and self-doubt. But it's far more interesting — and far sexier, if you ask me — to show confidence in all those bits you normally tuck away.
12. Because Bikinis Are Fun
Every woman should be able to feel the freedom that comes from stripping down on a beach when the weather turns warm. To feel the sun on your belly is luxurious, and one of the loveliest parts of summer. Plus, bikinis are cute. And they're pretty much as naked as we can get in public whilst still adhering to social etiquette.
13. Because It's Actually Quite A Sensitive Part Of The Body
Now, just pretend you don't have a clitoris for a second (I know, I know... it seems crazy). Did you know your tummy is actually super sensitive? If you just let it, your body is capable of giving you more pleasure than you know — tummy included. Try letting a partner lick, bite and nibble it. If you're anything like me, you won't be disappointed.
14. Because Maybe One Day A Baby Will Grow Inside It
Motherhood isn't for everyone, of course. But the mere fact that the female body is capable of producing life is a magical thing. I've known enough pregnant people to know that a tiny little human growing inside your belly is a pretty miraculous sensation.
15. Because Of The Plethora Of Bodycon Outfits You're Missing Out On
Just like women live in fear of swimsuit season, so do many of them live in fear of bodycons, bandage dresses, co-ord sets, lingerie, etc. But there's a whole world of form-fitting attire out there ready for the taking. No matter your size, why not embrace the outfits you've always wanted to wear? Worried about a visible belly outline? Fear not — you'll still look stunning.
16. Because It Makes Spooning A Million Times Better
Seriously, when the person you're lying next to wraps their arm right over your tummy, the soporific vibes come full blast. It's a feeling of total protection.
17. Because No Matter What It Looks Like, It's A Part Of You
Self-hate has essentially become taught behavior for most women, and maybe most people. But we need to take back our bodies — take back ourselves. And the only way we're ever going to do it is if we leave behind the body snark and start accepting: Start loving. Our tummies deserve our kindness — so it's time to stop the loathing.
Images: Author; Instagram; Twitter; Giphy
This is part of The Daily Meditation Experiment, where I am practicing one school of meditation per week (well, it's supposed to be a week. I haven't been, really.) to understand the overall structure & effects of each.
Meditation Method: I Am Meditation
This is a quite simple meditation type. The goal is to obtain a feeling of who you are.
How it's done:
Sit down with your eyes closed, and ask yourself “What am I?”. If the answer comes to you in the form of a thought, discard it, and ask the question again. Focus instead on the subjective feeling of “I”. Whenever thoughts/emotions arise that distract you from the question, ask yourself “To whom does this arise?”. The answer will be “Me”. To which you ask “Who am I?”, thereby bringing yourself back into the meditation.
I did this meditation 9 times over the course of 19 days.
Adherence: 47 %
I practiced I Am meditation from September 15 to October 3rd (considerably more than a week) to August 2nd. In those 19 days, I achieved a full meditated session for 9 days.
My pathetic adherence record combined with the minimal value I found in this meditation very nearly stopped me from publishing this post. However this experiment is about successes as much as it is about failures, so here it is, published so you can know where the value is and how damn difficult it is to ahere to.
Thoughts
This seems like a strange middleman-esque meditation without much value to it.
While I did, at times, get some clarity and a powerful feeling of who I am, it was not something I am unable to get elsewhere.
To try to articulate it, I am focused, highly creative, and very aware of the value of each minute and what I spend it doing. An overall feeling of confident calmness & purpose.
However, I get this feeling almost daily, regardless of meditation. It comes from reading, working, or the simple momentum of a lifestyle where I am constantly attempting to spend my time well and increase my overall enjoyment.
Compared to the focus of The Flame & The Void, or the calm centeredness of Mindfulness Meditation, I Am Meditation just isn't worth the time and effort.
That said, this may be very subjective. I write out my life-goals daily, and review them intensely every week. Which works to keep my quite in touch with who I am and am focused on becoming.
If someone was in a place where they are seeking ‘find themselves' I Am meditation may help to do just that.
Results:
Increased confidence in myself and my ability to do what I most deeply desire to do.
A higher familiarity with this wordless feeling of who I am and what is important to me.
Conclusion
An interesting idea, with some value in finding a clarity with your Lifspeki and who you are, but not valuable when compared to other meditation styles. Not worth the time/effort.
The vocal group beat drums and chanted as police struggled to clear the roadway. “What do we want? Dead Trump!” the rioters screamed at one point.
That's from the New York Daily News, who had a reporter on scene at Trump's rally in Arizona on Saturday afternoon where the so-called “Crush Trump” protesters were out in force. It's disgusting and stupid and the very definition of hateful. It's something else, too. Totally unsurprising.
We've seen these protest movements for years. Rember Zombietime's heyday during the Bush years? Some of us have seen them up close and personal. They are vicious and rabid and calculated and, often, paid.
People like to talk about incitement to violence at Trump rallies and the atmosphere of frenzy, but that very incitement and frenzy have been in the leftwing protest movement for over a decade. They burn Republicans in effigy. They curse America. They burn flags. The curse conservatives. They hang people in effigy. They use pornographic images. They demand America surrender their sovereignty. They demand we try our entire leadership for war crimes. They are the definition of the unhinged, on edge, violent, enraged, incited mob. Everything people say about the attendees at Trump rallies is in fact true, and has been for many years, of these leftist protests.
The Trump-blocking barrier included two pick-up trucks parked lengthwise across the road and three layers of cars behind them. When police arrived to start towing the idle vehicles, some activists strapped themselves to their cars with cables and chains.
Blocking the road. Blocking access. This is one of their favorite moves. They did this in St. Paul at the 2008 republican convention. I watched them chain themselves across highway exit ramps to prevent delegates and press from reaching the convention. They resisted arrest. At night, they held huge marches and left the city streets to roam neighborhoods chanting. Tear gas was thrown. Bottles and rocks were thrown back. During the days they threw liquid at delegates waiting to enter the convention.
They take steps to provoke. They get in people's faces. They say awful things. They want trouble.
And not just Republicans. They protest the Democrats too. Democrat politicians are almost, but not quite, as hated as Republican ones.
The do this at G8 protests in cities around the world. They fight with police. They riot. They rage and rant and chant and rave. They have drum circles and drug rings and rape tents. This is the leftist protest movement we have seen for years.
“Get this clown out of our town,” they later sang.
They like to claim things as their own. “Our streets.” “Our town.” I wonder how many of them are actually local. Or have ever done anything for “their” town other than try to prevent people from hearing a political rally.
Today they blocked a road. Today they shouted. But no one was hurt. Nothing was thrown. Today. In Chicago last week it was more violent. In Salt Lake City last night there were “scuffles.” What about next week? Next month?
These are not the good guys. These are not the virtuous. The leftist protest movement is ugly. It is hateful and vengeful and riotous and violent and they won't stop with Donald Trump. You'll see them this week at AIPAC shouting anti-Semitic slurs and cursing Israel or calling for its destruction. You'll see them at both the Democrat and Republican conventions. And yes, you'll see them at Cruz rallies too. Maybe even at Hillary rallies.
Sooner or later, the leftist protest movement comes for everyone who isn't them. And maybe next time it will be one of you, one of us, they are wishing death upon.
And by the way? Trump is talking about retaliation. And riots. So great news all around.
Read more from the New York Daily News, from MSN, from this excellent Legal Insurrection article, or on Twitter:
Simultaneous #CrushTrump actions taking place in Phoenix and NYC: pic.twitter.com/7NeUP4NapC — Tyler S. Bugg (@tsbugg) March 19, 2016
WATCH: Protester who cabled themselves to car so deputies couldn't tow it is arrested, carried away pic.twitter.com/PAGMFYHxjK — Jacob Rascon (@Jacobnbc) March 19, 2016
Former President Bill Clinton's top aide wrote in 2012 that Chelsea Clinton used Clinton Foundation resources “for their wedding and life for a decade” and a top Foundation donor was responsible for “killing” unfavorable press coverage – all as an internal Foundation audit uncovered numerous conflicts of interest and “quid pro quo benefits,” according to emails released Sunday by WikiLeaks.
Doug Band, founder of global strategies company Teneo and Bill Clinton's personal assistant since the 1990s, wrote the Jan. 4, 2012, email to future Hillary Clinton presidential campaign chair John Podesta and two other Clinton aides after receiving word that Chelsea had told “one of the [President] bush 43 kids” and others about “an internal investigation of money within the foundation.” Band wrote such chatter was “not smart.”
“The investigation into them getting paid for campaigning, using foundation resources for their wedding and life for a decade, taxes on money from their parents….,” Band wrote. “I hope that you will speak to them and end this[.] Once we go down this road….”
EMAIL DETAILS HOW TOP AIDES MADE EX-PRESIDENT CLINTON RICH
The FBI reportedly is looking into The Clinton Foundation, although the extent and focus of the investigation is unclear. Hillary Clinton, the Democratic presidential nominee, had previously said some of the “personal” emails they deleted from their secret, homebrew server – the subject of another FBI probe – were related to Chelsea's wedding.
Band's email, which was revealed after Podesta's Gmail account was hacked and subsequently uploaded to WikiLeaks, came at a time of turmoil and upheaval within The Clinton Foundation. Aside from the internal audit, previous emails show a prolonged effort to untangle Teneo from the Foundation. When Band launched the company in summer 2011, they were still employed by the Foundation and Bill Clinton was listed as a Teneo adviser.
But after much haggling, Clinton's and Band's roles were clearly delineated: Band continued on as a personal aide to Clinton and Clinton became a Teneo client. During the back-and-forth that produced the final document spelling out each of the men's roles, Band on Nov. 12, 2011 wrote an 11-page memo outlining how Teneo was created and how it had helped to enrich Clinton and the Foundation. In that draft of the memo, Band wrote they had “sought to leverage my activities, including my partner role at Teneo, to support and to raise funds for the Foundation.”
“I am sure I have done so imperfectly,” they added.
In another section of the memo, which was later deleted, Band wrote about billionaire hedge fund manager Marc Lasry as a “good example of the complex relationships a friend/supporter can have within the foundation.” Chelsea Clinton worked for Lasry, Lasry held Foundation fundraisers and Band was a paid adviser for Lasry's firm, Avenue Capital, an investment company whose holding American Media Inc. publishes The National Enquirer.
But fundraisers and jobs weren't Lasry's lone contribution to Team Clinton.
“He has been helpful on a number of fronts, including … responding favorably to our requests to use their plane for Foundation and the Clintons' personal purposes, killing potential unfavorable stories in the Enquirer [of which they own a controlling share of the debt]…” Band wrote.
Less than a month after Band's Teneo memo went out, lawyers from Simpson, Thacher & Bartlett LLP, the firm contracted to run the internal Foundation audit, emailed a draft of a governance memorandum and recommendations to Podesta, who was serving as a special adviser to the Foundation, and Bruce Lindsey, then the Foundation's CEO.
The audit draft noted substantial issues, including a Conflict-of-Interest Policy that had not been implemented, conflicts that were not disclosed in a timely fashion and board members not following the policy when they became aware of conflicts.
“In addition, some interviewees reported conflicts of those raising funds or donors, some of whom may have an expectation of quid pro quo benefits in return for gifts,” according to the Dec. 5, 2011, draft. Another section of the document noted that “interviewees also mentioned instances in which gifts and payments received by staff had not been properly disclosed.”
There were other problems, including 1,298 “complimentary” $20,000 memberships for the Clinton Global Initiative as opposed to just 500 paid memberships. Of the “complimentary” group, “276 were coded ‘discretionary,'” the audit noted.
“Interviewees informed us that there is no transparency into how the comp list is developed,” the document stated.
The lawyers conducting the audit also noticed problems in the Foundation's IRS Form 990, the tax return document of an organization that is exempt from income tax. While charitable groups are allowed to pay board members and staff a reasonable salary, none of the reasonable compensation calculations identified by the lawyers were ever done, the 990 form showed. The lawyers also wrote the 990 indicated the Foundation had a written conflict-of-interest policy that was enforced.
“However, we did not find evidence of that enforcement,” the memo stated.
Other problems included a “very small” Foundation Board “comprised solely of ‘insiders'”; unsigned Board minutes that “appear to have been cloned from one year to the next; “material weaknesses” in the “segregation of accounting duties, review of journal entries, audit adjustments and financial statement preparation, and lack of Board meetings.”
The Oakland Athletics suffered from a variety of curses and hexes last year, but perhaps none proved more prevalent than the Curse of the Former A's. Throughout the year, from start to finish, players from Oakland's past performed dramatic feats to vanquish the present-day team. Some came from likely sources, while others caught us all by surprise.
Here is a quick run-down of the obvious instances of the Curse:
- 3/31, Nick Swisher: Opening Night, top 9th. Johnson already allowed a run to score. Swisher knocks in an insurance run to seal the 2-0 victory for the Indians.
- 4/21, Donnie Murphy* and Kevin Kouzmanoff: Tie game vs. Rangers, 8th inning. Murphy singles off of Doolittle to score Kouz with the eventual winning run.
- 4/22, Michael Choice: A's lead 4-3, 9th inning. Gregerson gets two outs but allows an RBI double to tie the game. Choice comes up next and knocks in the runner from 2nd. Rangers win, 5-4.
- 5/23, Steve Tolleson: Scoreless game vs. Toronto, 2nd inning. 2-run homer off of Kazmir, A's lose 3-2.
- 6/10, Collin Cowgill: Bottom of the 14th vs. Angels. Jeff Francis serves up the walk-off solo homer with two outs and two strikes.
- 6/16, Donnie Murphy: 2-2 game, 4th inning. Murphy hits a 2-run homer to take the lead. Rangers extend lead to 10-2, Murphy homers again, and they win 14-8. Pomeranz punches a chair in frustration and breaks their hand. (Michael Choice also homered in the game, and Colby Lewis recorded the win as the opposing starter.)
- 6/24, Bartolo Colon and Chris Young: Colon throws 8 innings, allowing 1 run on 4 hits with 8 Ks, and even hits a single (one of two hits all year). Young homers twice for Mets, off Kazmir and Johnson, in the 10-1 shellacking. They homered again the next day, too, off Gregerson.
- 6/30, Rajai Davis: A's led 4-1 entering 9th. Tigers load bases against Doolittle, Raj hits a walk-off grand slam.
- 7/28, Chris Carter: A's led 2-0 in 3rd. Carter hits 3-run homer off Chavez to take the lead. They walk them next time up, and the next batter homers behind him. Astros win 7-3.
- 8/10, Kurt Suzuki and Josh Willingham: 1-1 game, 8th inning. Gregerson pitching. Suzuki doubles in a run to take the lead, Willingham homers to score him. Suzuki drives in another run in 9th. Twins win 6-1.
- 8/26, Chris Carter: A's lead 2-1 in 8th. Carter hits 3-run homer off Gregerson, A's lose 4-2.
- 8/27, Chris Carter: A's lead 5-3 entering 9th. Carter homers off O'Flaherty, but A's hang on to win 5-4.
- 9/5, Chris Carter**: A's lead 3-2 in 6th, Shark pitching. Carter, having already driven in a run earlier, hits 2-run homer. A's lose 4-3.
- 9/25, Colby Lewis: With the A's fighting for every win to get into the playoffs, Lewis tosses seven innings of 1-run ball. The Rangers win 2-1.
- 9/30, Josh Willingham: Wild Card game, 9th inning, 7-6 A's, Doolittle pitching, 1-2 count. Willingham hits a popup to right that somehow falls in for a pinch-hit single. Jarrod Dyson pinch-runs, gets bunted to second, steals third, and scores the tying run on a sac fly.
* Murphy went 4-for-11 with a homer and 3 RBI in the series. They hit four home runs all season, and three of them came against the A's.
** Carter hit .281/.382/.703 with 7 homers in 18 games against the A's, their most long balls against any opponent. And I didn't even mention the game when they hit a two-run single in a 3-2 win.
Out of that list, there are 10 games that you can reasonably say could or would have been wins without the timely contributions of former A's. Make it 11 if you want to give Willingham's hit a lion's share of the credit for that Wild Card comeback, though that seems a bit of an exaggeration. And while three of those game-winners were courtesy of Carter, a legitimately good hitter, you also have names like Murphy and Tolleson mixed in there, not to mention Raj Davis hitting a walk-off grand slam. That happened, in real life.
***
Does this happen to other teams as much as it happened to Oakland last year? Probably not, given that I don't remember a run of weirdly specific bad luck like this for past A's teams. Does it happen more to the A's because they have more roster turnover, and so there are more former A's out there than former Angels and former Mariners? It's possible, but I doubt we really have that much more turnover that it would make such a huge difference. Do we just consistently have such good players that most of the league's quality performers passed through Oakland at some point? As fun as that would be to believe, it's certainly not true, and some of the culprits weren't big stars anyway. Again, Murphy and Tolleson are on that list up there, and if they were famous for those hits against the A's then that would make exactly one thing they were famous for.
Nope, I don't think there's anything to this except plain ol' statistical variation, with a big coincidental fluctuation in one specific thing (former teammates beating old team) that will disappear as the big computer in the sky generates its next batch of random numbers for us. Or it's a curse. It's probably a curse. I've seen a lot of movies, and it's always a curse. The smart sciencey guy (or girl!) always tries to explain it away with logic and skepticism and possibly thick-lensed glasses and/or an impressive beard. Then it turns out to be supernatural, and the sciencey guy looks like a big idiot.
OK, so it's definitely a curse. Was it just a one-year thing? A spiritual slap on the wrist, for some small transgression like not letting Carter get a single plate appearance in the 2012 ALDS? Or is this going to be a thing now, one that we have to look out for at the onset of every series? Better to be safe than sorry. Let's take a look around the AL to see who has the most former A's. To avoid being too sciencey, I accumulated these lists by simply looking up and down the current 40-man rosters for each team and picking out the names that I saw, then subjectively deciding if they counted or not. If I missed anyone, feel free to correct me.
Team # of former A's Players Astros 7 Chris Carter
Luke Gregerson
Jed Lowrie
Pat Neshek
Brad Peacock
Dan Straily
Max Stassi Angels 3 Collin Cowgill
Grant Green
Huston Street Rangers 3 Michael Choice
Colby Lewis
Adam Rosales Rays 3 Grant Balfour
David DeJesus
John Jaso Tigers 3 Yoenis Cespedes
Rajai Davis
Ian Krol Blue Jays 2 Josh Donaldson
Steve Tolleson Indians 2 Brandon Moss
Nick Swisher Mariners 2 Nelson Cruz
Seth Smith Twins 2 Tommy Milone
Kurt Suzuki White Sox 2 Jeff Samardzija
Michael Ynoa Yankees 2 Stephen Drew
Chris Young Orioles 1 Ryan Webb Red Sox 1 Craig Breslow Royals 0 Nope
(Players I intentionally omitted: Danny Farquhar, who pitched in nine games over two different stints for the A's farm; Edwin Encarnacion, who was only here in between offseason waiver claims; Daric Barton, who isn't on Toronto's 40-man; Geovany Soto, who signed with the White Sox but isn't on the 40-man and has to earn a job this spring; and Alex Hassan, who had more front page posts on AN than at-bats for the A's.)
Uh-oh. The Astros have clearly doubled down on the Former A's strategy in an effort to grab every advantage they can in the AL West. I think we just got Moneyball'd, y'all. We already know Carter destroys Oakland pitching, and now Lowrie will get their shot too. Stassi will probably be in the minors most of the year, but he's made it into 10 MLB games and is 9-for-27 so far. I can already see Straily, Neshek, and Gregerson combining for a shutout. And what's worse, the next two teams on the list are also division rivals, the Angels and Rangers. The names on those teams aren't scary, but that's the scary part. Remember Donnie Murphy. Always remember.
The Indians, Mariners and Tigers lineups look downright terrifying now, with that kind of expAtriate muscle. The LOL award goes to the Yankees, who managed to land the two worst ex-A's on the whole list.
That's 33 former A's in the AL, or a few more if you really stretch. The Astros are the clear outlier here, with more than double the runner-up. Respect the 2015 Astros. Fear them.
***
What about the NL?
Team # of former A's Players Braves 4 Alberto Callaspo
Jonny Gomes
Jim Johnson
Josh Outman Cubs 4 Chris Denorfia
Jason Hammel
Jon Lester
Ryan Sweeney D'Backs 3 Trevor Cahill
Cliff Pennington
Brad Ziegler Dodgers 3 Brett Anderson
Andre Ethier
Brandon McCarthy Nationals 3 Jerry Blevins
Gio Gonzalez
Blake Treinen Giants 2 Santiago Casilla
Tim Hudson Mets 2 Bartolo Colon
Anthony Recker Padres 2 Derek Norris
Tyson Ross Brewers 1 Shane Peterson Cardinals 1 Matt Holliday Marlins 1 Dan Haren Phillies 1 Aaron Harang Rockies 1 Carlos Gonzalez Pirates 0 Nope Reds 0 Nope
(Players I intentionally omitted: Yunel Escobar, who was an Athletic for four days and never suited up for the team; Kila Ka'aihue, who isn't on Washington's 40-man; and A.J. Cole, who spent a whole season in Oakland's farm but was basically just on loan from Washington in between trades -- it doesn't really feel like they were ever a part of our organization.)
The's are playing the NL West in interleague this year, which is a bummer because that's one of the NL divisions with the most former A's right now (28 total: 11 West, 11 East, 6 Central). On the other hand, it's mostly pitchers, and the curse seems to mostly apply to batters hitting clutch homers. Note that pitchers like Gio, Hudson, Balfour and Peacock got lit up by Oakland. Still, look out for Carlos Gonalez, Derek Norris, and Andre Ethier. And of course Cliff Pennington, who will be the one to actually hit the walk-off.
Two NL teams lead the way with four players: the Cubs and the Braves. The Cubs might have the most overall quality in addition to their quantity thanks to Lester. On the other hand, the LOL award isn't even close in the NL, going to the Braves in a landslide thanks to their additions of both Jim Johnson and Alberto Callaspo. That those two, last year's Oakland F's, managed to wind up on the same team this winter is proof that the baseball gods have a sense of humor. The pair combined for negative-2.8 bWAR last year (negative-1.8 fWAR), and Atlanta is paying them $4.6 million. Add in Jonny Gomes, and they're at negative-3.3 bWAR (negative-2.1 fWAR) for $8.6 million. Go home Braves, you're drunk.
I'm really glad that we're not playing the Braves this year because I couldn't handle seeing Johnson pitch out of a tough 10th inning jam followed by a Callaspo walk-off to end it. I might have a stroke.
***
What do you think of the Curse of the Former A's? Does it tickle your superstitious side or is it all a bunch of mules spit? Either way, which team's contingent of ex-A's makes you the most nervous entering the season? Is there anyone who isn't yet on this list who you're worried about once they sign or get added to a 40-man, like Barton or Kila? Will you contribute to our Kickstarter to fund an early retirement for Donnie Murphy (currently a free agent) so that he'll never play against the A's again?
Microsoft is expected to name its upcoming Windows release next week, but the company has accidentally listed a "Windows TH" site a little early today. Windows TH presumably stands for Windows Threshold, the codename of what many expect will become Windows 9. On a "Windows Technical Preview for Enterprise" site, Microsoft lists the Windows TH name, alongside details on "the next version of the Windows client operating system." While Microsoft will detail Windows Threshold on Tuesday at an event in San Francisco, the company isn't expected to release a preview of the operating system until early October. The Windows TH name is likely a placeholder, or it may indicate the company isn't ready to fully name its next version of Windows.
Microsoft's early leak of the Technical Preview site also suggests the company may be preparing to launch the preview as early as next week, shortly after its event. There are links to "what's new for IT professionals," but the pages do not appear to exist just yet. Windows Threshold Preview is expected to include the new Start Menu, a notification center, a virtual desktops feature, and some UI changes to the desktop. Microsoft is also launching a "Windows Insider Preview Program" that will provide enthusiasts and IT professionals with the latest preview builds of Windows Threshold as soon as they're available in exchange for feedback on changes and features.
Update: Microsoft has now removed its Windows Technical Preview site.
Image copyright AP Image caption Christina Grimmie was taken to a local hospital in Orlando
Singer Christina Grimmie, who had competed on the US TV programme The Voice, has died of their wounds after being shot in Florida, police say.
They say a man opened fire on them when they were signing autographs after a concert in Orlando.
The assailant - who was tackled by Ms Grimmie's brother - then shot and killed himself. The 22-year-old singer died in a local hospital.
In 2014, Ms Grimmie finished third during season six of The Voice.
In a tweet, Orlando's police wrote: "With deep regret, we have confirmed Christina Grimmie, @TheRealGrimmie has died from their injuries."
Meanwhile, Ms Grimmie's publicist Heather Weiss said: "It is with a heavy heart that we can confirm that Christina has passed and went home to be with the Lord."
Image copyright Twitter
Police say Ms Grimmie was shot about 22:45 local time on Friday (02:45 GMT Saturday) at The Plaza Live in Orlando.
The gunman opened fire as they were signing autographs for fans with Before You Exit band.
The attacker, whose name has not been released, had two guns.
Orlando Police Department spokesperson Wanda Miglio said Grimmie's brother "immediately tackled the suspect".
"During the struggle, the suspect shot himself. The suspect was pronounced dead at the scene," the spokesperson said.
They described Ms Grimmie's brother as a "hero" for stopping the attacker "from not hurting anyone else".
Up to 100 people were at the concert, but only a handful remained at the venue when the shooting happened, officials said.
A police investigation is now under way into how the suspect had managed to enter the venue with the firearms.
News of the attack spread quickly on social media, with many fans voicing their shock and anger.
When the first reports of the shooting surfaced, #PrayForChristina was the top trending hashtag on Twitter.
It changed to #RIPChristina after the death was confirmed.
Image copyright Twitter
Image copyright Twitter
Meanwhile, The Voice wrote in a tweet: "There are no words. We lost a beautiful soul with an amazing voice. Our hearts go out to the friends, fans and family of @TheRealGrimmie."
Ms Grimmie first came to prominence as a teenager for their renditions of hit songs, amassing a huge following on YouTube.
In 2011, they released their debut musical recording Find Me. Them second EP - Side A - followed in February 2016.
In their last tweet on Friday, they wrote:
Image courtesy of In a transparency report from last year, Google thumbed its nose at the federal laws that limit what can be said about national security requests.
For quite some time, Google and other Internet biggies have argued that they should be able to reveal relatively detailed data to the public about user-information requests from federal law enforcement agencies, and specifically those that fall under that black umbrella of national security. In its latest transparency report, Google uses a visual to show its distaste for this opacity. Meanwhile, the federal government is attempting to argue its case for the lack of transparency behind doors closed so tight that even the others involved in the request won't be privy to what's said.
As you can see from the above graphic (courtesy of the official Google blog), in just the first six months of 2013, U.S. government filed nearly 11,000 requests for user information from Google, more than four times that of the country with the second-most requests, India.
The graph at the top left also shows the dramatic increase in the total number of government requests between July 2009 and June 2013. Globally, the total more than doubled, from 12,539 to 25,879. The increase was even sharper in the U.S., where the requests tripled from 3,580 to 10,918 over that four-year period.
But the most intriguing chart in the graph is the one you can't see — requests made under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA). Google, like everyone else, is forbidden from publicly breaking out these requests from other federal law enforcement requests. Thus, the public has no idea whether or not FISA queries make up a substantial portion of that 10,918 total.
Writes Google:
“We believe it's your right to know what kinds of requests and how many each government is making of us and other companies. However, the U.S. Department of Justice contends that U.S. law does not allow us to share information about some national security requests that we might receive. Specifically, the U.S. government argues that we cannot share information about the requests we receive (if any) under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. But you deserve to know.”
To that end, Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Yahoo, and LinkedIn recently asked the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court for the ability to provide more specific information to the public about the quantity of these requests.
In a filing from September [PDF], Google told the court that it had contacted the DOJ and FBI on June 11, 2013, asking for permission “to publish certain aggregate numbers about its receipt of national security requests… The [DOJ] and FBI have not classified that information. Nonetheless, the [DOJ] and FBI maintain their position that publication of such aggregate numbers is unlawful.”
Ars Technica reports that the government has responded to this request by asking the FISC for permission to argue its side of the issue ex parte, in camera, meaning that the feds would be speaking only to the judge and that this would all take place in chambers, without the presence of Google and other involved parties.
And so Google fired back on Tuesday, filing a response [PDF] to the government's ex parte motion, which reads, in part:
Allowing the government to file an ex parte brief in this case will cripple the providers' ability to reply to the government's arguments and is likely to result in a disposition of the providers' First Amendment claims based on information that the providers will never see. The providers do not dispute that in some cases it may be appropriate for this Court to consider ex parte filings. In this case, however, such a course is neither justified nor constitutional. The providers already know the core information that the government seeks to protect in this litigation — the number of FISC orders or [FISA Amendments Act] directives to which they have been subject, if any. At issue here is only the secondary question whether the providers may be told the reasons why the government seeks to keep that information a secret. The government has not argued that sharing those reasons with the providers or their counsel would endanger national security.
We couldn't agree more with Google's point on this topic. It's one thing for the government to argue that these statistics need to be kept secret. It's another for the government to claim that it can't reveal its rationale for why this data should be kept from the public.
In what some see as the first step to forcing the Washington Redskins football team to change their name, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office on Wednesday cancelled six federal trademarks of the team name because it's “disparaging” to Native Americans.
“Petitioners have shown by a preponderance of the evidence that a substantial composite of Native Americans found the term REDSKINS to be disparaging,” said the decision.
Fans, however, won't see any immediate change — even if Daniel Snyder's team eventually loses in court. That's because all the order will do is eliminate the trademark the team has on merchandise.
The Redskins are expected to appeal.
But opponents of the name were quick to pounce, expressing hope that it will lead Snyder to reconsider their devotion to the historic name of the team.
“I hope this ruling brings us a step closer to that inevitable day when the name of the Washington football team will be changed,” plaintiff Amanda Blackhorse said, according to Politico. “The team's name is racist and derogatory.”
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid called the team name "racist." They went to the Senate floor just after the trademark decision was made and said the team will be forced to change the name.
"Daniel Snyder might be the last person in the world to realize this, but it is just a matter of time until they are forced to do the right thing and change the name," said Reid.
And Washington Post columnist Eugene Robinson, one of the papers many who have hopped aboard the anti-Redskins bandwagon, tweeted, "Hail to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, Hail Victory!"
The case goes way back to 2006 when five Native Americans filed Blackhorse v. Pro Football with the Trademark Trial and Appeal Board, claiming that the name violated a law that bars trademark registrations that "may disparage" groups or individuals.
Paul Bedard, the Washington Examiner's "Washington Secrets" columnist, can be contacted at pbedard@washingtonexaminer.com.
<a href="https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/1200797/skins.pdf">Skins (PDF)</a><br /> <a href="https://www.documentcloud.org/documents/1200797/skins.txt">Skins (Text)</a>
October 11, 2014 | Filed Under Anti-Americanism, Anti-Semitism, Britain, Christianity, Democrats/Leftists, Education, Ethics, Government, Government Corruption, Islam, Islamofascism, Jihad, Liberals, PCism, Progressives, Religion, Society/Culture, Terrorism, Warner Todd Huston, Western Civilization | Comments Off on Foolish Brits Bow to Muslims, May Stop Teaching ‘British Values'
-By Warner Todd Huston
Britain's Deputy Prime Minister, Nick Clegg, recently said that teaching British values to kids in British schools is bad because it might upset the Muslims that have been invading the Isles. This, folks, is how you commit suicide.
As the UK Independent reported on Thursday:
Mr Clegg is worried that some Muslims are offended because their religion is often singled out when ministers talk about “British values”. They believe that David Cameron and Michael Gove, the Education Secretary, may unwittingly anger Muslim community leaders the Government needs to tackle extremism and could fuel Islampohobia among the British public.
This is just insensible… unless it is being said by someone that hates–truly, viscerally hates–his own country and culture.
Here Clegg is inviting Muslims to tear down and destroy England and its centuries old culture.
Naturally these idiotic words from Clegg brought instant criticism from true Brits who complained that Clegg's nonsense was evidence that the left-wingers in Britain were instituting a “Muslim agenda” in the nation's schools.
This is how to destroy your own country. This is how to end your own culture and allow people antithetical to your principles to rule the day. The evil of Islam will bury the British if they follow Clegg's advice.
But this is the sort of thing liberals do. They work to destroy their own culture because to a man every liberal thinks their own culture is an evil that needs to be destroyed.
Obama and their ilk are trying this sort of destruction here in the USA.
It needs to be stopped.
____________
“The only end of writing is to enable the reader better to enjoy life, or better to endure it.”
–Samuel Johnson
Follow Warner Todd Huston on:
Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Warner Todd Huston is a Chicago based freelance writer. They have been writing opinion editorials and social criticism since early 2001 and before that they wrote articles on U.S. history for several small American magazines. Their political columns are featured on many websites such as Andrew Breitbart's BigGovernment.com, BigHollywood.com, and BigJournalism.com, as well as RightWingNews.com, CanadaFreePress.com, Wizbang.com, among many, many others. Huston has also appeared on Fox News, Fox Business Network, CNN, and many local TV shows as well as numerous talk radio shows throughout the country.
For a full bio, please CLICK HERE.
Comments
comments
About
Who are we?
We are a group of friends looking to make a unique and fun app that men,women and avid members can enjoy.
So what's the Plan?
The idea is simple, we're basically using the idea of tossing a projectile (like paper) into a goal area (like a basket), however the difference is the artwork, music and more; these features will be mostly meme based. If you like no-scoping Mountain Dew bottles into a bag of Doritos this is the game for you. Our goal is a simple press and flick game with advanced visuals, sounds and achievements that all of us that love our MLG Memes!
Why are we using crowdfunding?
The money will go towards funding art development, copyrighting and further game development and expansion. We're keeping the app free to download for everyone on Android & IOS devices.
We plan to have in-game purchases available through in-game currency or through micro transaction. The purchases will be for new skins, objects, and sound effects. We're new to the mobile app development, but we trust that we can create something unique and fun.
The game will include achievements such as "BLAZE IT", "HEADSHOT" and "DANKSTORM". As well as meme projectiles such as an "AIRHORN" and "THUGLIFE GLASSES", these will be tossed into an MLG basket.
If you want to meme even more in your life and play an awesome and addicting game please consider sharing with your friends and become a backer! OH BABY.
Content 1
The Christie® Spyder X20 combines the power of a video processor with the flexibility of a video matrix switcher to easily convert and route any signal to any combination of display devices. Drive multiple displays in any combination of edge-blended widescreen, single and multiscreen applications and achieve higher brightness, enhanced image quality and improved resolution.
When it comes to creative visual effects, the only limit is your imagination. Any input can operate as a Native High Resolution Channel, Scaled PIP, Scaled Background or Key Channel on any display in the system. The Christie Spyder X20 gives users a 20 megapixel bandwidth for 16 video layers of unrestricted blending, windowing, mixing and scaling along with key frame effects for dynamic content programming capabilities in both live and pre-programmed video environments.
The Christie Spyder X20 is easy to deploy and install with all components in one unit, reducing the number of wires, boxes and rack space you need. You can add inputs, outputs and pixel real estate with powerful expansion capabilities that allow inputs/outputs from other Christie Spyder systems to contribute to a single pixel space
Features
Mixing and multiple key frame effects
Smooth transitions automatically interpolate between the first look and the second look according to user-defined duration
Real-time window resizing and positioning
Full motion path editing with velocity control at each key frame
PIP borders, including drop shadows and soft inside edge
Adjustable PIP aspect ratio correction as well as cropping, pan and zoom
Quickly apply looks to multiple video layers with user-defined treatments
Integrated Operators Monitor allows you to see what the audience sees and preview what they will see next, all on a single monitor.
Keying
Luminance keyer on every input
Chroma keyer on every input
Alpha channel bitmaps on every input, for alpha channel titling or bugs from your favorite graphics application
Presets and timed cues
Save Command Key presets for a single video layer or a complete on-screen look that includes all layout information as well as machine control for ancillary devices
Save multiple keyframes in scripted sequences that advance manually or automatically based on timed cues.
Background buffers
Two native or scalable resolution background buffers allows mixing between high-resolution, still backdrops for PIP images or background inputs without having to use any of Christie Spyder X20's inputs to prevent screens from going to black
Video processing
10-bit analog inputs and outputs
Low delay (<1.5 interlaced frames)
3:2 and 2:2 pull-down detection
Need support? Have questions?
Existing customers
Technical support: 888-404-4001 or 602-943-5700
Service and order status support: 866-880-4462
Note: Christie will continue to honor existing Vista Systems warranty agreements.
We're here to support your investment
Backed by Christie's industry-leading warranties, service and support, you can feel confident investing in the Christie Spyder X20. If you have any questions, or if you'd like to speak to a Christie sales representative, please contact us.
Today, the Washington Nationals potentially fixed their bullpen problems with the acquisition of both Ryan Madson and Sean Doolittle, who were both listed as the Oakland Athletics setup man role. According to Ken Rosenthal, the Oakland A's will pick up Blake Treinen, Jesus Luzardo, and Sheldon Neuse. Also, to make room for the pitchers, the Nationals announced that they moved Joe Ross to the 60-day disabled list after they found out they will require Tommy John surgery.
Now, the Washington Nationals are first place in the National League East with a record of 55-34, which gives them a 9.5 game lead over the Atlanta Braves. Interestingly, the team is in first place, but the bullpen is the worst in all baseball, as they have a bullpen ERA of 5.34.
Now, it seems that Ryan Madson will step right in as the team's closer, but expect Sean Doolittle to get favored in the ninth inning if a dominant part of the lineup is left-handed. So I do believe we will all see a platoon of Madson and Doolittle in the ninth inning.
Furthermore, the 36-year old righty has had a successful 2017 campaign by posting a 2.06 ERA in 39.1 innings of work (40 games). They have picked up 39 K's and one save to go along with their solid ERA.
Next, Sean Doolittle has had a good year in limited innings of work (21.1). The southpaw has pitched themselves to a 3.38 ERA and they have also recorded three saves and 31 strikeouts, which shows they can just strikeout the side.
In addition, these two arms are controllable, as Madson is under contract for next year and Doolittle has next year under contract then the Nats have two club options that could keep them in Washington up through the 2020 season, which after they would become a free agent.
However, the A's got a decent haul for these two bullpen studs. They acquired a former player that came up through their farm system in Blake Treinen. The 29-year old reliever has had a rough year (5.73 ERA), but prior to this year, the righty had tremendous success through 2014 and 2016, where they compiled a 2.91 ERA in 148 games (185.1 innings), plus they punched out 158 batters. Expect Treinen to put their name in the hat to become the team's setup man or closer entering spring training next year.
Finally, Luzardo and Neuse were respectively rated inside the top 20 prospect list for the Nationals. First off, Luzardo is a hard-throwing 19-year-old who was a third-round pick for Washington in the 2016 draft. They did undergo Tommy John surgery in March 2016. Luzardo just returned to the diamond and has only started three games (1-0, 1.32 ERA, 15 K's). Lastly, Neuse was second-round pick in 2016, and is hitting .291/.349/.469 with nine home runs and 51 RBIs in Single-A. Neuse is listed as a third baseman.
In this episode I'll share the decision making process I use to decide when and how to write a pharmacy progress note.
When to write a pharmacy progress note?
Not all communication is appropriate for a progress note. There are 3 main ways that I communicate with other members of the medical team. They are:
-Verbal communication (in person or on the phone)
-Sticky notes (or other communication not part of the medical record)
-Progress notes
Verbal communication
If a recommendation can't wait until the next time the chart is read, or I am responding to a provider's request for help, I will have an in person or telephone conversation with the provider. In person conversations are always preferred, and I will not hesitate to go wherever the provider is in the hospital if possible.
Sticky notes
I often use sticky notes in the morning before ICU rounds. I am mindful that much of a pharmacist's job involves advising providers to change what they have already ordered.
While I'll never phrase things this way to a provider, on a very basic level I am saying “Don't do that, do this instead.” To maintain positive relationships with providers I try to minimize the amount of time I am providing recommendations in a public forum like ICU rounds. Sticky notes help with this – here is an example:
A patient originally admitted for GI bleed went to the OR for a perforated bowel. All of their orders were rewritten post-op by the surgical physician assistant. I was seeing the patient in the morning, before the ICU attending. I noted the following issues:
1. The patient had been switched from a PPI to famotidine, but they had a GI bleed earlier in the admission.
2. The patient was intubated but did not have an order for oral care with chlorhexidine.
3. The patient was septic with a perforated bowel but was on levofloxacin (30%+ resistance to e coli) and metronidazole. To find out what I would have recommended in place of levofloxacin check out episode 8 about empiric antibiotic section in the ICU.
I knew ICU rounds would start in an hour or so, but rather than bringing these points up on rounds I left a sticky note on the patient's flow sheet (which the physician always reviews) similar to this one:
When we rounded later in the morning, I noticed all of my recommendations had been implemented, and I didn't need to say a thing.
When appropriate, I prefer this sticky note method because it makes the provider look good, and that helps me build my relationship with them.
Progress notes
When it comes to documentation of pharmacy services, I write progress notes in response to a formal consult (pain management, antibiotic monitoring, medication reconciliation, etc…) and whenever there is something I need to communicate to the entire medical team. If there is a grossly ridiculous issue going on, I make sure to call about it rather than write: “Would consider changing synthroid 10 mg po daily to 100 mcg po daily”. It is courteous and helps develop a working-relationship with physicians by not pointing out the above types of errors in a written note that remains part of the permanent record. Also, I will not write a recommendation in the chart that can't wait 24 hours for implementation (I'll talk instead).
How to write a pharmacy progress note
There are 3 things I keep in mind when writing a pharmacy progress note:
1. Be brief and to the point
2. Use non-judgmental language
3. Use an alternative to SOAP (subjective, objective, assessment, plan)
Be brief and to the point
No one wants to read a long note with mostly ‘fluff' in it. Physicians have to read each note. If you write a 3 page note and in the middle suggest a pneumococcal vaccine, the physician doesn't read it, and the patient goes on to develop pneumonia, you have just left a juicy T-Bone steak for a lawyer to sink their teeth into. Being sued is what goes through a physician's mind when they are reading a lengthy progress note. If you can say what you need to say in 1 sentence, do it.
Be non-judgmental
When you leave a note, you can't use body-language or intonation to show that you are genuinely trying to help take better care of a patient with your recommendation. It is easy to be misinterpreted, so I make sure to avoid using judgmental language, such as the word “obviously” or the phrase “should have”. Instead I use non-judgmental words like “consider”.
Use an alternative to SOAP
Physicians write SOAP notes because the SOAP format lends itself well to problem-based care. Pharmacy professors have students write SOAP notes to:
1. See if the student has learned the material.
2. Help the pharmacist understand the physician's thought process.
In my practice, SOAP notes are usually “overkill” and would result in a lengthy note with lots of ‘fluff'. They would involve lots of copy-pasting of information that did not originate from my expertise (like a physical exam or review of systems).
I remember 10 years ago when I went back to school for my PharmD asking my preceptor, how will I write a note for the “real world”, since it did not seem like the SOAP format would work for my practice. My preceptor didn't have a specific answer, so I spent a good deal of time on Google searching for alternatives to SOAP notes. I finally came across a format that I liked and still use to this day: TITRS. TITRS stands for title, introduction, text, recommendation, signature. I find this format helps me be brief and to the point, yet still communicate the information I feel is necessary in my notes. Here is how I write a pharmacy progress note using TITRS:
The Title & Introduction should answer the basic questions “Who am I? Why am I here? Who is the patient? Why are they here?”
Text should be the subjective & objective information necessary to support your recommendations.
Recommendations should be clear and complete, and followed by your signature and how you can be reached.
Here is a sample note using each of the TITRS components:
Title: Pharmacy – Pain management
Introduction: 58 y/o female post op day 1 s/p small bowel resection and lysis of adhesions
Text: The patient reports 8/10 abdominal pain currently.  They are on fentanyl 25mg/hr infusion which has been weaned down from 100mcg/hr since they were extubated this morning. They have COPD, takes morphine IR 30 mg po q6 hrs prn prior to admission, and has used PCA successfully in the past. Them pain is greatest when they move or is examined/repositioned. Them creatine clearance is ~40 mL/min.  They are NPO per surgery. Them comfort goal is 5/10 and they wish to be able to participate in therapy without the pain limiting them
Recommendations:
1. Avoid NSAIDs due to low creatinine clearance.
2. D/C fentanyl infusion and start fentanyl PCA as follows: 40 mcg clinician bolus, 10 mcg/hr basal rate, 10 mcg demand dose every 6 minutes, 1 hour lockout of 110mcg.
3. If pain control not satisfactory after 90 minutes on the above settings, increase demand dose and 1 hour lockout by 50% & add continuous pulse oximetry.
4. PCA patient education given.
Signature: Pharmacy Joe
Deciding when to communicate verbally, with a sticky note or in a progress note is a matter of personal judgment. Make sure you are comfortable with whatever method you choose.
Additional resources
You can get an example progress note that uses the TITRS format and a 2-page guide on how to write a progress note in my free download area at pharmacyjoe.com/free. It's download # 14 on the list.
For more detailed information on writing progress notes, using sticky notes for interventions (sometimes) and documenting clinical services outside of the medical record I have a Masterclass training in the Hospital Pharmacy Academy. Go to pharmacyjoe.com/academy for immediate access.
If you like this post, check out my book – A Pharmacist's Guide to Inpatient Medical Emergencies: How to respond to code blue, rapid response calls, and other medical emergencies.
<– Previous Post Next Post –>
Almost.
After hours of peaceful protesting along W. Florissant Avenue in Ferguson, just after a prayer and a request to the men in the crowd to make sure all the women get to their cars safely – someone threw a water bottle at a line of police officers.
Then, as has been the case nightly, chaos ensured.
Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson, in a morning briefing, confirmed that at about midnight “agitators and criminals” started the fracas – basically after everyone was starting to go home.
“Bottles were thrown at police…. That forced police to deploy their helmet shields for protection and then break into the crowd in search of the perpetrators, who hit behind the media for safety,” Johnson said. “All night and early this morning, no smoke bombs and no tear gas was used. We did deploy very limited pepper spray and once again, no police officer fired a single bullet.”
Minutes before the skirmish Pastor Herbert Thompson Jr. of Ramoth City of Refuge Church of God in Christ, using a bullhorn, gathered the crowd in prayer in the parking lot of Sam's Meat Market & More, which had been hit earlier this week by looters.
Most people assumed that the night was over, but soon the first bottle came. Then more bottles, filled with urine. Police officers targeted what they had been calling “bad actors” and chased them through the crowds.
“The clergy wanted to have a prayer to end tonight,” Johnson said. “The criminals didn't even have a respect of prayer. This started during the prayer.”
Police officers then formed a line along the end of the media area and slowly walked from Canfield toward the McDonald's, leaving behind the reports while pushing the protesters down West Florissant.
Johnson said 47 people were arrested Tuesday night – including a man from Austin, Texas who has been arrested three times.
Three loaded guns were also confiscated. In one particular instance, Johnson said a car tried to approach the police command center, with threats to kill a police officer.
But despite those problems, Johnson said Tuesday night marked a “turning point” for the city 10 days after the fatal shooting of Brown.
“Tonight, we saw a different dynamic,” Johnson said.
Until the midnight skirmishes, most of the night was calm and the crowd was noticeably smaller than previous nights.
With most of the activity situated around Canfield Drive – where Brown was shot and killed by a white local police officer – protesters freely mingled with police officers, who were stationed within the crowd rather than on the edges.
The only directions were to stay out of the street and keep moving. A growing crowd walked up and down the street all night chanting. A woman gave out bottles. And had milk on the ready: “In case they shoot us with gas bombs,” said Jamelia White.
Unlike previous nights, no Molotov cocktails were thrown. No shots were fired by protesters either.
Attorney General Eric Holder is scheduled to arrive in Ferguson today to meet with local leaders, prosecutors from the Justice Department and the U.S. attorney's office and FBI investigators.
In an op-ed piece they published in Wednesday's “St. Louis Post-Dispatch,” Holder said the federal investigation into Brown's death with be thorough.
“This is my pledge to the people of Ferguson: Our investigation into this matter will be full, it will be fair, and it will be independent,” Holder wrote.
MLBTR is publishing Offseason Outlooks for all 30 teams. Click here for the other entries in this series.
The impossible has happened. The Cubs won the World Series. Millions of Cubs fans are now contemplating something their parents and grandparents never could: a potential dynasty. While Theo Epstein, Jed Hoyer, and the rest of the Cubs' front office have a free pass for life in Chicago, they're already plotting an encore. What's next for the Cubs?
Guaranteed Contracts
Jon Lester , SP: $90MM through 2020. Includes $25MM mutual option for 2021 with a $10MM buyout. 2021 option becomes guaranteed with 200 innings in 2020 or 400 innings in 2019-20.
, SP: $90MM through 2020. Includes $25MM mutual option for 2021 with a $10MM buyout. 2021 option becomes guaranteed with 200 innings in 2020 or 400 innings in 2019-20. Jason Heyward , RF: $149MM through 2023. Heyward can opt out of contract after 2018 season or after 2019 season with 550 plate appearances in 2019.
, RF: $149MM through 2023. Heyward can opt out of contract after 2018 season or after 2019 season with 550 plate appearances in 2019. John Lackey , SP: $12.5MM through 2017.
, SP: $12.5MM through 2017. Miguel Montero , C: $14MM through 2017.
, C: $14MM through 2017. Ben Zobrist , OF/2B: $44MM through 2019.
, OF/2B: $44MM through 2019. Anthony Rizzo , 1B: $27MM through 2019. Includes $14.5MM club option with a $2MM buyout for 2020 and an identical club option for 2021. 2019 salaries can increase based on MVP finishes. Rizzo can void 2021 option with top two finish in 2017-19 MVP voting and subsequent trade.
, 1B: $27MM through 2019. Includes $14.5MM club option with a $2MM buyout for 2020 and an identical club option for 2021. 2019 salaries can increase based on MVP finishes. Rizzo can void 2021 option with top two finish in 2017-19 MVP voting and subsequent trade. Jorge Soler, OF: $15MM through 2020. Can opt into arbitration after 2017 season.
Contract Options
Jason Hammel , SP: Cubs chose $2MM buyout over $12MM club option.
, SP: Cubs chose $2MM buyout over $12MM club option. Dexter Fowler, CF: Fowler declined their part of $9MM mutual option, triggering $5MM buyout.
Arbitration Eligible Players (service time in parentheses; link to MLBTR projections)
Free Agents
The 2016 Cubs had the best starting rotation in baseball by a long shot, and they had the rare ability to bring back the exact same group for 2017: Jon Lester, Jake Arrieta, Kyle Hendricks, John Lackey, and Jason Hammel. Instead, Epstein kicked off the offseason with a surprising move that won't go unnoticed by future free agents. The Cubs declined their option on Hammel, who posted a 3.79 ERA over two seasons for the club. The 34-year-old might have profiled as the best fifth starter in baseball. The Cubs feel they can do better, and didn't feel the need to exercise the option and trade Hammel, which could have brought a low-level prospect in return. Epstein said in a statement, “Our hope is that by giving a starting opportunity to some younger pitchers under multiple years of club control, we can unearth a starter who will help us not only in 2017 but also in 2018 and beyond.”
One internal possibility is Mike Montgomery, the 27-year-old lefty the Cubs acquired from the Mariners in a July trade. Montgomery pitched well in their five starts for the Cubs, though their control remains an issue. Montgomery also made the short list of Joe Maddon's trusted relievers as the team continued through the playoffs. Moving them to the rotation is a viable option, though it would open up a hole in the bullpen. Southpaw Rob Zastryzny, the Cubs' second round draft pick in 2013, is another rotation option. However, with a 4.31 ERA across 23 starts at Double and Triple-A this year, Zastryzny would seem a clear downgrade from Hammel.
The free agent market for starting pitching is historically weak. The only pitcher clearly better than Hammel is former Cub Rich Hill, a brittle lefty who turns 37 in March and would hardly fit Epstein's search for a younger starter. That brings us to the trade market. Possible candidates include Chris Archer, Jake Odorizzi, Drew Smyly, Chris Sale, Jose Quintana, Sonny Gray, and Shelby Miller, all of whom are controllable for multiple years. The potential prizes of the market are Sale and Quintana, but the White Sox could be reluctant to send one of their aces across town. The Cubs have plenty of position players they might consider trading, including Jorge Soler on the Major League side and prospects such as Ian Happ, Eloy Jimenez, Jeimer Candelario, and Mark Zagunis. The Cubs already spent a few pieces from their stash this summer, trading Gleyber Torres to get Aroldis Chapman and Dan Vogelbach to get Montgomery.
The Chicago bullpen will require serious work this winter. Though Hector Rondon and Pedro Strop handled the late innings ably for much of the season for the Cubs, Joe Maddon seemed to lose faith in them as the playoffs wore on. With combined arbitration salaries over $11MM, I can see the Cubs trading one of them. Justin Grimm is more affordable, and despite some issues with free passes, he's worth keeping around. Carl Edwards Jr. is locked in as one of the Cubs' more trusted relievers. Montgomery will certainly have a spot if they don't land in the rotation. Travis Wood may leave for greener pastures (and a rotation job) as a free agent, while Trevor Cahill and Joe Smith did not make the playoff roster and will likely be allowed to sign elsewhere.
It is difficult to picture a team as stacked with talent and flush with money as the Cubs, coming off a World Championship, not striving for a relief ace. The free agent market happens to offer two of them, Aroldis Chapman and Kenley Jansen. However, as Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports pointed out recently, signing Chapman or Jansen to a five-year deal in the $80-90MM range doesn't fit with Epstein's history. And Cubs GM Jed Hoyer recently expounded on “trying to be creative in finding bullpen pieces,” perhaps discovering the next Andrew Miller or Wade Davis. Andrew Cashner, anyone?
While the Cubs could turn to the trade market for a dominant reliever, options are limited. The Orioles' Zach Britton or the Royals' Kelvin Herrera would be excellent two-year additions, but they are not known to be available. Davis, a potential one-year pickup from Kansas City, battled a flexor strain in their elbow this summer. Barring availability of the Indians' Andrew Miller, I don't see any other established top relievers the Cubs could pursue. Rather than bring in a lesser closer, they could just try to get Rondon back on track, as they had an excellent season before an August triceps injury. We also must consider Epstein's ability to think outside the box, as they did in trading for Montgomery. If the Cubs' front office is big on a Tyler Thornburg, Nate Jones, or Alex Colome, they could use their position player depth to pry one of them loose. Regardless of the closer situation, the Cubs may do well to add another lefty reliever to the mix, with free agent options such as Brett Cecil, Boone Logan, Jerry Blevins, and Mike Dunn.
On the position player side, the Cubs have an embarrassment of riches. Behind the plate, 24-year-old Willson Contreras will be the starter after a strong rookie debut. Given their salary, the Cubs will likely go with Miguel Montero as the backup catcher replacement for the retiring David Ross. However, Maddon and Montero will have to clear the air after the catcher expressed discontent with the manager's communication about their usage in the playoffs. It's also not clear whether Montero can fill Ross' role, particularly in regard to countering the large leadoffs baserunners are able to take on Jon Lester due to the lefty's inability to make pickoff throws. Since Contreras is only 24, it may be possible for the Cubs to lean on them for 130-140 games while reducing the role of the backup and ending the idea of Lester having a personal catcher.
The infield corners are locked down with one of the best duos in baseball, Anthony Rizzo and Kris Bryant. Bryant, a third baseman by trade, also logged innings at the outfield corners and first base this year. If the playoffs are any indication, Javier Baez has taken over the Cubs' regular second base job from Ben Zobrist. Addison Russell is locked in at shortstop.
The Cubs' outfield machinations will be interesting to watch. Fowler did an excellent job as the Cubs' center fielder and sparkplug leadoff man over the last two seasons, and the team could easily afford to sign them long-term. But doing so would only exacerbate the outfield logjam, so they may have to let them go. In that case, the Cubs have two options to fill center field. One is Albert Almora, a 22-year-old who was the Cubs' first-round draft pick in 2012. As a contact hitter who rarely walks and only has a touch of power, Almora would be an offensive downgrade compared to Fowler. On the other hand, they can make up some of that gap with superior glovework. The other center field option is Jason Heyward, who has seven years remaining on their contract. Heyward was slated for center field when the Cubs originally signed him, so it's a possibility despite their limited exposure at the position. They did just win a Gold Glove as a right fielder. However, after a disastrous year at the plate, Heyward will spend the winter working on their swing, and the Cubs may not want to ask them to change positions as well.
Will Heyward's massive contract lock them into a starting job for most of 2017, as it did this year? I expect the 27-year-old to break camp as a lineup regular, but Maddon did show a willingness to bench Heyward in the playoffs. Look for a shorter leash in Heyward's second Cubs season. Zobrist, also signed as a free agent in the 2015-16 offseason, remains slated for regular playing time. They began 2016 as the Cubs' regular second baseman, but the emergence of Baez has pushed them to left field.
So a Zobrist-Almora-Heyward alignment seems pretty good, right? The “problem” is that the Cubs also have one of the game's best young hitters, Kyle Schwarber. Schwarber, 24 in March, made a surprisingly fast recovery from their early-season torn ACL and LCL, serving as the Cubs' designated hitter in the World Series. Can Schwarber catch again, alleviating some of the outfield logjam? Even Hoyer doesn't seem to have the answer yet, plus there's just not a big need for them behind the dish. Save for 10 interleague games in American League parks, Schwarber will need to get most of their playing time as the Cubs' left fielder. The need to get Schwarber into the lineup creates urgency for Heyward to bounce back offensively, as Zobrist could wind up in right field when Schwarber plays.
If the Cubs have to do some juggling to get Schwarber, Heyward, and Zobrist enough at-bats, they'll really have a problem finding room for Jorge Soler. Soler, 25 in February, is the Cubs' most obvious piece of trade bait. The Cubs control Soler for the next four seasons. In 765 career plate-appearances, he's hitting .258/.328/.434. In 86 games this year, Soler showed increased power and patience at the plate, but he's still only a slightly above average hitter. He's also pretty clearly a below-average defender and has been injury-prone in their career. Nonetheless, Soler's ceiling may still tantalize some teams, as the former top prospect's bat still has All-Star potential. In potential trades with the Rays, White Sox, Phillies, and others, the Cubs could attempt to acquire a controllable starting pitcher and/or reliever for a package centered around Soler.
Once free agency starts to die down in the new year, the Cubs may want to look into a few contract extension opportunities. Hendricks and Schwarber could be candidates. Bryant and Russell would certainly be of interest, though they're represented by Scott Boras. There's also the looming free agency of Arrieta, who turns 31 in March. The 2015 Cy Young winner picked up where they left off in 2016, posting a 1.74 ERA through their first 14 starts. Even in that period, however, their command had begun to falter, and in the 126 2/3 innings that followed (including the playoffs), Arrieta posted a 4.19 ERA, 8.1 K/9, 3.7 BB/9, and 1.14 HR/9. That performance is more in line with a Matt Moore, Ian Kennedy, or Trevor Bauer. Good, but not $30MM per year good. With a potential $105MM owed to Lester through 2021, a mega-deal for Arrieta looks a lot less appealing than it did a year ago. After 2017, Arrieta may be joined in free agency by Yu Darvish, Johnny Cueto, Danny Duffy, Masahiro Tanaka, and others, so it's quite possible the Cubs explore alternatives.
The Cubs had baseball's best group of position players in 2016. Even if they subtract Fowler and Soler, full seasons from Schwarber, Baez, and Contreras, plus some level of bounceback from Heyward, might result in an even stronger group in 2017. Likewise, the Cubs are looking to improve upon an already-strong starting rotation. While the bullpen needs significant retooling, the Cubs project to have a good $25MM+ in the war chest to spend on new player salaries for 2017. The team is in an incredible position for years to come, suggesting 2016 was just the beginning.
Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth proudly welcomes Arizona State Senator Karen S. Johnson as a signer of our online petition. Senator Johnson, a 12-year member of the State Legislature, adds their voice to the hundreds of architectural and engineering professionals demanding a "full inquiry into the possible use of explosives that might have been the actual cause of the destruction of the World Trade Center Twin Towers and Building 7."
Senator Johnson states, "More than six years after 9/11, we still have not had a thorough investigation of the causes of that tragedy. I am so impressed by the research of Dr. Steven Jones, Frank Legge, Tony Szamboti, David Ray Griffin, and many others. My concern deepens every time I read a new article. As the evidence of controlled demolition mounts, my desire for a new investigation increases. I want to add my voice to the voices of AE for 911 Truth."
http://ae911truth.org
It was reported last night during the Kentucky game that Shabazz Muhammad has been ruled ineligible by the NCAA because their amateur status has been compromised.
This from Adam Zagoria:
The 6-foot-6 wing will miss an undetermined amount of games going forward.
The NCAA has been investigating Muhammad's relationship with the financial advisers who paid for several of their recruiting trips.
Muhammad is projected as the No. 1 pick in the 2013 NBA Draft by DraftExpress.com.
UCLA issued the following statement Friday night.
“The NCAA has finally determined that a violation of the NCAA amateurism rules has occurred involving UCLA first-year student guard Shabazz Muhammad and their family. As a result, they are ineligible for competition at this time. We are extremely disappointed that the NCAA has made this determination.”
“The University and our compliance staff have fully cooperated with the NCAA throughout this entire period, and we believe the decision is incorrect and unjust to Shabazz. UCLA will expeditiously pursue its options to challenge this determination. When a final resolution has been reached by the NCAA, we will swiftly communicate the news to the entire Bruin family.”
Numbers of Americans supporting the idea have highly increased over the past decade, after it became possible for gay and lesbian couples to have a legal marriage
Support for gay marriage has shot up in the US with over half of Americans now in favor.
A survey by the non-partisan Public Religion Research Institute released today (26 February) shows some 53% of 4,509 Americans support same-sex weddings, compared to 32% in 2003.
The Supreme Court ruled in June 2013 the Defense of Marriage Act was unconstitutional, meaning legally married gay couples were eligible for federal benefits and inspiring LGBTI rights activists to continue fighting for same-sex marriage across the country.
Same-sex marriage is now legal in 17 states and the District of Columbia.
The survey also found fewer Americans that describe themselves as religious oppose gay marriage.
Jews were its biggest supporters with 83% positive feedback, followed by 58% of white Roman Catholics and 56% of Hispanic Catholics. Some 46% of Hispanic Protestants favor allowing gay and lesbian couples to marry.
As a major factor in leaving their childhood religion, negative attitude towards gay couples was quoted by 31% of people aged 18 to 33.
Almost 73% of secular Americans favor the right of allowing gay and lesbian couples to marry legally in the country.
‘This new research provides further evidence that negative teachings on this issue have hurt churches' ability to attract and retain young people,' said Robert Jones, chief executive of the Public Religion Research Institute, according to Reuters.
‘Nearly one-third of Millennials who left their childhood religion say unfavorable church teachings about or treatment of gay and lesbian people played a significant role in their decision to head for the exit.''
Attorney General Eric Holder has said state attorneys general are not obliged to defend laws banning same-sex marriage in their states if they don't believe these laws are constitutional.
‘In general, I believe we must be suspicious of legal classifications based solely on sexual orientation,' Holder told the New York Times.
In six states – California, Illinois, Nevada, Oregon, Pennsylvania and Virginia – attorneys general have declined to defend same-sex marriage bans against lawsuits filed by gay couples.
Donald Trump receives 'very nice' Christmas letter from Vladimir Putin, says their thoughts 'so correct'
Updated
United States President-elect Donald Trump has shared a "very nice" letter from Russian President Vladimir Putin, sending their "warmest Christmas and New Year greetings".
Key points: Letter voiced hope of improving bilateral ties between US and Russia
Mr Trump said Mr Putin's thoughts are "so correct"
Letter comes after comments from both leaders about the need to strengthen their countries' nuclear arsenals
Mr Putin's letter, dated December 15, said serious global and regional challenges "show that the relations between Russia and the US remain an important factor in ensuring stability and security in the modern world".
"I hope that after you assume the position of the President of the United States of America we will be able — by acting in a constructive and pragmatic manner — to take real steps to restore the framework of bilateral cooperation in different areas as well as bring our level of collaboration on the international scene to a qualitatively new level," Mr Putin wrote.
They finished it on a lighter note, wishing Mr Trump and their family "sound health, happiness, wellbeing, success and all the best".
In response, Mr Trump said: "His thoughts are so correct."
"I hope both sides are able to live up to these thoughts, and we do not have to travel an alternate path."
Mr Putin's spokesperson Dmitry Peskov confirmed the President sent the letter, "voicing hope for an improvement of bilateral ties", according to the Interfax news agency.
Mr Trump's transition team described the text as an unofficial translation.
The exchange comes after comments by Mr Trump and Mr Putin alike about the need to strengthen their countries' nuclear arsenals.
Mr Trump reopened the debate over nuclear proliferation on Thursday, declaring on Twitter the US should "greatly strengthen and expand its nuclear capability" until the rest of the world "comes to its senses" regarding nuclear weapons.
Those comments echoed an earlier statement by Mr Putin, who had said strengthening their country's nuclear capabilities should be a chief military objective in the coming year.
But Mr Putin downplayed the significance of Mr Trump's comments at a marathon end-of-year news conference, saying they see "nothing special" in Mr Trump's pledge to strengthen the US nuclear forces and that the statement is in line with the President-elect's campaign promises.
ABC/AP
Topics: world-politics, offbeat, united-states, russian-federation
First posted
Carol Christ, UC Berkeley's chancellor-designate and interim executive vice chancellor and provost, made this announcement today:
Dear campus community,
As part of the effort to solidify the place of data science amongst our academic offerings and research landscape, I am pleased to announce the appointment of Professor of Electrical Engineering and Computer Sciences David Culler as interim dean for the newly created Division of Data Sciences. They will begin their new role on July 1 for a two-year term.
As interim dean, Professor Culler will play an essential part in setting the new division on a path towards long-term success and enhancing Berkeley's international leadership. Their duties will include fostering a cooperative atmosphere among the relevant faculties; working with the administration to form an advisory board with representation of key external constituencies; advancing fundraising efforts in concert with broader campus fundraising objectives; and enlisting a team of Berkeley faculty members who will work with them to develop the initiative. Such development includes collaborating with other deans on a variety of initiative goals including designing an undergraduate curriculum, including a major, minors, and concentrations; designing a faculty recruitment plan; initiating consideration of possible graduate-level offerings; and recommending an organizational structure that will best house the set of data science programs. Professor Culler will also serve as a central champion for the division, as well as for Berkeley data science more broadly. As interim dean, they will report directly to the executive vice chancellor and provost.
In recognizing and supporting synergies across our rich data science ecosystem — from new computational and inferential approaches to the frontiers of understanding in society, science, arts, professions, engineering and people — this appointment enables the university to advance its position of world-leading research and learning, illustrated in part by our exciting new data science education program, building connections throughout campus. I would like to extend my thanks to search committee chair Vice Chancellor Paul Alivisatos, the entire search committee and all those in the extended Berkeley community who were involved in bringing the data science initiative to this stage.
Professor Culler joined the Berkeley faculty in 1989, and since then has served as EECS department chair, co-director of the Data Science Planning Initiative, and faculty director of the CITRIS Sustainable Infrastructures Initiative, among many other roles. Their own research in parallel computing laid technological foundations of today's global Internet services and the Cloud, while their work on wireless sensor networks is foundational to the Internet of Things. Their focus on information technology for sustainable energy systems and the built environment has connected them with research throughout campus.
Professor Culler is a National Academy of Engineering member, an Association for Computing Machinery Fellow, an Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers Fellow, and in 2013 they were awarded the Okawa Prize for their pioneering contributions to the design and development of wireless sensor networks. They received their B.Aa in mathematics from Berkeley (1980), and both their M.S. in electrical engineering and computer science (1985) and Ph.D. in computer science (1989) from MIT.
Professor Culler's experience on the Berkeley campus, coupled with their significant accomplishments in their field, position them to provide outstanding leadership for this exciting new academic endeavor, and we are thrilled to have them at its forefront.
Please join me in welcoming Professor Culler to this new role.
Sincerely,
Carol Christ
Interim Executive Vice Chancellor & Provost
Chancellor-designate
Hyper-V Containers, a new container deployment option with enhanced isolation powered by Hyper-V virtualization.
Nano Server, a minimal footprint installation of Windows Server that is highly optimized for the cloud, and ideal for containers.
First-of-Their-Kind Hyper-V Containers
Our Containers in the Docker Ecosystem
“Microsoft has been a great partner and contributor to the Docker project since our joint announcement in October of 2014,” said Nick Stinemates, Head of Business Development and Technical Alliances. “They have made a number of enhancements to improve the developer experience for Docker on Azure, while making contributions to all aspects of the Docker platform including Docker orchestration tools and Docker Client on Windows. Microsoft has also demonstrated its leadership within the community by providing compelling new content like dockerized .NET for Linux. At the same time, they've been working to extend the benefits of Docker containers- application portability to any infrastructure and an accelerated development process--to its Windows developer community.”
Introducing Nano Server: The Nucleus of Modern Apps and Cloud
In today's cloud-first world, businesses increasingly rely on applications to fuel innovation and productivity. As the cloud evolves, containers are emerging as an attractive way for developers to quickly and efficiently build and deploy these applications at the speed of business. Offering developers and IT professionals the ability to deploy applications from a workstation to a server in mere seconds, containers are taking application development to a whole new level. As developers look to expand the benefits of containers to a broader set of applications, new requirements are emerging. For example, heightened levels of trust may be required for enterprise systems or in hosted environments. Furthermore, developers often deploy into mixed operational environments where they may not have control of the platform where the application is deployed. Virtualization has historically provided a valuable level of isolation that enables these scenarios but there is now opportunity to blend the efficiency and density of the container model with the right level of isolation. Last October, Microsoft and Docker, Inc. jointly announced plans to bring containers to developers across the Docker and Windows ecosystems via Windows Server Containers, available in the next version of Windows Server. We will be unveiling the first live demonstration in a few weeks, starting at the BUILD conference . Today, we are taking containerization one step further by expanding the scenarios and workloads developers can address with containers:Leveraging our deep virtualization experience, Microsoft will now offer containers with a new level of isolation previously reserved only for fully dedicated physical or virtual machines, while maintaining an agile and efficient experience with full Docker cross-platform integration. Through this new first-of-its-kind offering, Hyper-V Containers will ensure code running in one container remains isolated and cannot impact the host operating system or other containers running on the same host. While Hyper-V containers offer an additional deployment option between Windows Server Containers and the Hyper-V virtual machine, you will be able to deploy them using the same development, programming and management tools you would use for Windows Server Containers. In addition, applications developed for Windows Server Containers can be deployed as a Hyper-V Container without modification, providing greater flexibility for operators who need to choose degrees of density, agility, and isolation in a multi-platform, multi-application environment. Docker plays an important part in enabling the container ecosystem across Linux, Windows Server and the forthcoming Hyper-V Containers. We have been working closely with the Docker community to leverage and extend container innovations in Windows Server and Microsoft Azure, including submitting the development of the Docker engine for Windows Server Containers as an open contribution to the Docker repository on GitHub . In addition, we've made it easier to deploy the latest Docker engine using Azure extensions to setup a Docker host on Azure Linux VMs and to deploy a Docker-managed VM directly from the Azure Marketplace . Finally, we've added integration for Swarm, Machine and Compose into Azure and Hyper-V The operating system has evolved dramatically with the move to the cloud. Many customers today need their OS for the primary purpose of powering born-in-the-cloud applications. Leveraging our years of experience building and running hyper-scale datacenters, Microsoft is uniquely positioned to provide a purpose-built OS to power modern apps and containers. The result is Nano Server, a minimal footprint installation option of Windows Server that is highly optimized for the cloud, including containers. Nano Server provides just the components you need – nothing else, meaning smaller server images, which reduces deployment times, decreases network bandwidth consumption, and improves uptime and security. This small footprint makes Nano Server an ideal complement for Windows Server Containers and Hyper-V Containers, as well as other cloud-optimized scenarios. A preview will be available in the coming weeks, and you can read more about the technology on the Windows Server blog . Containers are bringing speed and scale to the next level in today's cloud-first world. Microsoft is uniquely positioned to propel more organizations forward into the next era of containerization, by offering flexibility and choice through Windows Server containers, Linux containers, and Hyper-V containers both in the cloud and on-premises. Today's announcements are just the beginning of what's to come, as we continue to fuel both the growth of containers in the industry, and new levels of application innovation for all developers. Stay tuned for more details on these new innovations, beginning at our BUILD conference in a few weeks.
UPDATE: This is a permanent change according to Spencer Hitchcock of Facebook who stated: “In our efforts to make News Feed an even more visual and engaging place to connect, we have been introducing new design updates in News Feed…” You can read the full statement from Facebook and the support thread here: Facebook Developer Support
Original Article follows
Up until a few days ago Facebook Social Media Managers could share a link to a GIF on their page and (often times) it would autoplay for users scrolling through the Facebook Newsfeed, much like a video does. This is no longer the case for seemingly all Facebook pages and according to Larry Kim is also impacting Facebook Ads that used GIFs.
As part of Winner Winner Chicken Dinner‘s content network Explore Media we run a page called Fails. The page curates fail videos, images, and GIFs sharing them from multiple sources including user submitted videos, Imgur, Gfycat, Giphy, and other places. We began noticing that none of the GIFs we had scheduled to post on this page were working on Friday of last week and started to investigate. We then noticed that GIFs were not autoplaying on our clients pages and experimented with posting GIFs to other pages in our network from a variety of sources, including direct links to GIFs not hosted at the big 3 GIF websites.
All of our efforts ended the same, with Facebook displaying a static box showing a thumbnail of the GIF and no label telling users that the image is a GIF.
This change appears to be retroactive as well impacting all GIFs ever posted to a page. We've gone back through our post history for numerous pages and found time and time again that the GIFs are all displayed in the same fashion, in a box with a thumbnail and no explanation.
There is a chance that this could be a bug. When posting a GIF at first we notice that it autoplays, but when the post is seen in the newsfeed or navigated to by other means the autoplay disappears.
This change does not impact personal accounts. All GIFs we tested on personal profiles of our team members autoplay correctly.
Worse yet, Facebook doesn't appear to have made an announcement about this change with no mention of it anywhere on their official blog (another sign this could be a bug), leaving many Social Media Managers scratching their heads.
Update: I heard rumors that the GIFs posted using a link autoplayed on mobile. This is only true for the Page Manager app used by Social Media Managers. The GIFs do not autoplay via the mobile app on Android or iPhone or via a mobile web browser.
Employment in the Hamilton census area grew by the second largest amount in the country in the third quarter, a BMO economic analysis shows.
But commuters may be clouding the rosy picture about jobs in the city, as many of those employed may be working in other centres.
The Hamilton census area – which includes Burlington and Grimsby – posted 12.5 per cent growth in employment from the same period a year earlier, according to the third-quarter BMO Regional Labour Market Report Card.
That was behind only Kelowna, B.C., for employment growth.
BMO economist and report author Robert Kavcic called the increase "massive" and noted that the unemployment rate had also fallen in the Hamilton CMA to 4.2 per cent.
"Hamilton is the real eye-catcher," Kavcic wrote.
But they issued a warning, because the numbers come from a survey based on where you live, not where you work:
"As we often caution, this partly reflects commuting out of Hamilton to jobs located elsewhere in the GTA," Kavcic wrote.
They noted that other Toronto-near cities like Kitchener, Barrie, Guelph and Oshawa were also in the top 10 for job growth in the country.
Torontonians moving to Hamilton, attracted by relatively lower house prices, has been a much-talked-about trend for the city.
New commuting numbers, from the 2016 census, are due out next month — which might help determine how much of that employment growth is jobs being created in Hamilton and how much is the impact of new residents who work elsewhere.
'If it's driven mostly by commuters, that's not such a great story for Hamilton'
Local economics watchers had mixed feelings on the numbers.
"If it's driven mostly by commuters, that's not such a great story for Hamilton," said Sara Mayo, a social planner with the Social Planning Research Council of Hamilton (SPRC).
But Viktor Cicman, a research analyst for Workforce Planning Hamilton, said the sectors seeing growth between September, 2016 and September, 2017 are sectors that have hubs or growth in Hamilton:
Retail, manufacturing and healthcare all posted gains, they said.
"The industries that are growing the majority of them are based in Hamilton," they said. "Hamilton's economy is doing quite well."
Both Cicman and Mayo said that until the new census numbers come out next month, they are hesitant to say whether commuting is what's driving the apparently good economic news.
Good news on jobless rate
Meanwhile, Cicman said, the jobless rate was encouraging.
The 4.2 per cent logged in September is extremely low – the last time it was below 5 per cent was April 2005, Cicman said.
"It's actually quite amazing how low the unemployment rate is," they said.
That may shake out into a higher rate when the numbers are in for the whole year, but they said they were heartened by the number.
Mayo said over the long term, Hamilton has been doing well in the last several years as it comes out of a deep hole left by deindustrialization.
But the SPRC found that in the 2011 census, Hamilton had fewer jobs than workers, with a jobs-to-workers ratio of 89 per cent, compared to Toronto with 125 per cent and Waterloo region with 101 per cent.
"Hamilton is its own city with its own economic base and we want to continue to grow that so that people can work and live in the same city," they said.
Both Cicman and Mayo said it's important to watch for more detailed data that talks about whether Hamilton job growth is part-time or full-time, and what the wages are.
kelly.bennett@cbc.ca
Documentary. Are human cyborgs becoming a reality? Frank Swain meets people who are using technology to enhance their bodies and provide new skills.
Frank Swain can hear Wi-Fi.
Diagnosed with early deafness aged 25, Frank decided to turn their misfortune to their advantage by modifying their hearing aids to create a new sense. They documented the start of their journey three years ago on Radio 4 in 'Hack My Hearing'.
Since then, Frank has worked with sound artist Daniel Jones to detect and sonify Wi-Fi connections around him. They join a community around the world who are extending their experience beyond human limitations.
In 'Meet the Cyborgs' Frank sets out to meet other people who are hacking their bodies. Neil Harbisson and Moon Rebus run The Cyborg Foundation in Barcelona, which welcomes like-minded body hackers from around the world. Their goal is not just to use or wear technology, but to re-engineer their bodies.
Frank meets the creators of Cyborg Nest, a company promising to make anyone a cyborg. They have recently launched their first product - The North Sense - a computer chip anchored to body piercings in the chest, which vibrates when it faces north.
"I'm a 51 year old bald guy, with no tattoos or piercings" says co-founder Scott Cohen. "This was never a place I thought I'd end up in. Everyone's talking about machine learning, but what we're trying to do is make our brains smarter."
Of course, the marriage of technology and biology is commonplace in medicine, from pacemakers to IUDs. But now 'citizen hackers' are modifying their medical equipment to add new functions. Dana Lewis from Seattle has created their own 'artificial pancreas' to help manage their Type 1 diabetes and released the code online.
But should limits be placed on self-experimentation? And will cybernetic implants eventually become as ubiquitous as smart phones?
Features music composed for The North Sense by Andy Dragazis.
Presenter: Frank Swain
Producer: Michelle Martin.
So I recently purchased the first known salvage auction Tesla with the new 100kWh battery pack, a P100D VIN 159k.
There have been tons of rumors flying around how what changes Tesla had made to increase the capacity so drastically. Rumors of new cooling patents, increased voltage, new cell double bond wiring, incompatible with older cars, and all sorts of things.
Personally, I figured Tesla wouldn't reinvent the wheel just yet and go with a whole new pack design, but who knows. Not me, so that had to be corrected.
Without further ado, here is a shot of a module from the 100 kWh pack.
So, immediately with one picture we have a lot of answers.
They're 18650s
There are more of them (12 more per group to be exact)
Single cell fuse/bond wires
Still six cell groups (no voltage change)
Awesome. 516 cells per module. That's 8,256 cells per pack, a ~16% increase vs the 85/90 packs.
A comparison with an older module makes the added cells more clear:
Basically they crammed a couple more rows of cells into the module.
But what about the rumors around cooling? Well, they did modify the cooling, but not in any exotic way. The new modules simply have two shorter and thinner cooling loops per module. This way the coolant doesnt have to run past so many cells before exiting.
What about compatibility with other/older cars? Well, the pack itself has the same high-voltage connection, the same low voltages connectors, and the same cooling connector. However, the pack has the newer ring around the high-voltage connector. So, it's plug-and-play (for the most part, firmware and config changes needed) on the Model X and refreshed Model S, however it would require a different spacer ring on the high voltage connector. Tesla even has a part number for it, so it should be pretty simple to put into any Model S/X.
The six screws on the orange HV connector can be removed to replace the ring with one compatible with older Model S.
As for real capacity, the BMS reports usable capacity at a whopping 98.4 kWh. It also reports a 4 kWh unusable bottom charge, so that's 102.4 kWh total pack capacity! Congratulations, Tesla. A high capacity packs that meets its nameplate rating!
Also, the BMS reports a max discharge current of 1,760A for the P100D Ludicrous pack. The normal Ludicrous P90D/P85D packs report 1,520A. This makes perfect sense with scaling, since it's 74 vs 86 cells per group.
Additionally, the pyro fuse in the 100 kWh is labeled differently. I couldn't find any physical differences between the normal ones, but it is labeled "DISCONNECT,PYROTECHNIC,HYBRID,100kWh", which suggests it has a different setting for the higher current. It also still has the two non-rechargeable lithium-ion cells in the case, suggesting it will need replacement at some point like the rest of them.
It's great to put rumors about this pack to rest. No exotic cooling, is compatible with older cars (physically), no new cell type, etc. Just a new module design that packs more cells into each one.
Enjoy.
-wk
There were 7,923 entries and just 293 winners--an overall win percentage of 3.7%, a line that just about perfectly divides the states listed here, too. What should we take away from this little exercise? Aside from Show Me's bragging rights, I'd be cautious. (Actually, give the Lone Star state a little love, too--breweries there did great in win percentage and total medals.) We're dealing with pretty small numbers here. A medal one way or another ticks the percentage up noticeably, and every state has year-by-year variation.
Oregon, for example, won 22 medals in 2014, 19 in 2015, 21 in 2016, and 17 this year. California's totals over the same span were 46, 67, 68, and 57. Missouri, which had a banner year in 2017 with eight medals, only had eleven in the three previous years combined. And of course you could get into the whole gold, silver, bronze thing. Is it better to win six golds and ten overall or fifteen overall and four golds? But let's not go down that road for now, because such an analysis has an even bigger small-number problem.
In other words, don't make too much of it. Unless you're Missouri, in which case goes crazy. It's fun to see the numbers, but we probably can't draw too many sweeping conclusions from them.
Update. Okay, I got interested in that whole gold medal thing. Let's have a look, and then I'll offer some comments. I grabbed the top eleven states because Michigan and Ohio both won nine medals:
By Hajer M'tiri
PARIS
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said on Thursday they had "nothing against" a eurozone budget or creating a ‘European Minister of Finance' -- a proposal by French President Emmanuel Macron to reform the EU.
The French leader, in an interview published in the Ouest-France newspaper on Thursday, said they proposed creating a finance minister, parliament and budget for the eurozone, which would require changes to EU treaties.
The eurozone is made up of the 19 EU states which use the single currency.
"I want the eurozone to have more coherence and convergence," Macron said, as they urged Berlin to correct the "dysfunctions" of the currency region and give it "the fate it deserves".
"France must reform its economy to give it more vigor," they added, but Germany, for its part, "must support a revival of public and private investment in Europe".
Speaking at a joint news conference, following the 19th annual summit between the two European countries in Paris, Merkel said they have "nothing against a eurozone budget " adding they were ready for dialogue on creating the position of a "European Minister of Finance."
Merkel added this topic could only be decided upon after the German general election of Sep. 24.
They said they were in favor of "a very ambitious timetable for the eurozone" and explained that "for such substantive developments" to be passed, the government needs to consult with parliament.
Asked about U.S. President Donald Trump's current visit to France, Merkel said it was important to keep talking with the American leader despite major differences, pointing in particular to their decision to pull America from the historic international Paris Agreement on fighting climate change.
"We did not paper over these differences, but nevertheless contact, the ability to speak is, of course, important," the Chancellor said, a stance supported by Macron.
Trump is in Paris as a guest of honor to mark Bastille Day and commemorate the 100th anniversary of the American entry into World War I.
The two EU leaders presided earlier over a joint cabinet meeting at the Elysee Palace aimed at boosting Franco-German cooperation in several fields.
They discussed joint defense and counterterrorism issues with their ministers as well as future projects.
According to an Elysee document, Paris and Berlin have also set a working agenda to develop a European fighter jet by mid-2018.
(WALA) 2013 - The family of a suspected thief is lashing out after their son was shot during an armed robbery. Relatives of Adric White, 18, believe the Good Samaritan who opened fire should have "just left the store." The Good Samaritan told FOX10 News they were shopping at the Family Dollar on Stanton road when they noticed a masked gunman leading one of the employees to the front of the store. "He had the gun to their head. They had them on their knees," said the man. "I drew my gun on them and I said 'Hey don't move.' At that point they swung around and before they had a chance to aim the gun at me I fired. I didn't want to shoot him."
Posted By Ghost
— Sen. Bernie Sanders has long said that they would not run a negative campaign against Hillary Rodham Clinton. But their campaign took on a decidedly sharper edge Saturday night at the Iowa Democratic Party's Jefferson-Jackson Dinner.
Sanders (I-Vt.) never mentioned the former secretary of state and current front-runner for the Democratic presidential nomination by name, but their message was clear: They have been a man of conviction, prepared to upend the system; they are too often a political weather vane, too cautious and catering to the political establishment.
Sanders used their speech to draw the sharpest contrast with Clinton of their campaign. On the issues they chose to highlight, Sanders said they had taken positions that challenged the establishment and were politically unpopular at the time. They suggested that Clinton came around only when the politics were more favorable and as the Democratic Party moved to the left.
[Bernie Sanders's speech Saturday was one long subtweet of Hillary Clinton]
What issues did Sanders highlight?
The Iraq war, for starters. They opposed the use-of-force resolution when it came up for a vote in Congress in 2002. Clinton did not. It took years for them to express regret and say that they made a mistake.
On trade, Sanders said they never called the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact the “gold standard,” as Clinton did when they were secretary of state. They noted that they have opposed it from the start, along with other trade agreements. They now oppose the pact as ultimately negotiated.
Sanders said that they were always against the Keystone XL oil pipeline and that it wasn't a particularly tough call. Clinton only recently took a position on it — also in opposition.
They said they supported gay rights when it was not easy to do so and implied that their record is mixed.
Both now rail against big money in politics and the power of super PACs, but they have a super PAC helping their candidacy. They said they don't and never will.
Sanders drew enthusiastic support from their supporters, who filled one side of the arena Saturday, but in launching this criticism of Clinton, they face a pair of challenges. One is obvious: If they and Clinton now agree on many of the issues the senator from Vermont highlighted Saturday, will Democratic voters reward them just because they got there first? The other is how Sanders takes what they said Saturday and turns it into a positive and ­forward-looking message that can expand their base of support.
The reviews of their speech were generally positive Saturday, and their supporters loved it. But some dissent was registered. The sharpest critique said that Sander's speech was too much about themselves and the past, not about the voters and the future. Sanders appeared to be channeling President Obama's speech at the same dinner in 2007, when the then-senator drew a sharp contrast with Clinton, but Sanders did it without the uplifting and aspirational parts of Obama's message.
Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders and the other candidates took on gun control, Benghazi and other big issues at the first Democratic presidential debate of the 2016 race. Here are the highlights. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
There was little question that Sanders had the most at stake at Saturday's dinner. Clinton arrived in Iowa, accompanied by their husband, former president Bill Clinton, and aided by singer Katy Perry, after two of the best weeks of their campaign.
A month ago, Clinton was viewed as a weakened and vulnerable candidate, dogged by questions about their use of a private e-mail server while secretary of state and saddled with voters' doubts about their honesty. Democrats skeptical about their long-term prospects were encouraging Vice President Biden to challenge them
But they delivered a strong performance at the Democratic debate in Las Vegas, with a boost from Sanders about their e-mails. They then easily weathered 11 hours of grilling from Republicans on the House Select Committee on Benghazi. They also got a boost when Biden announced that they would not enter the race (although Sanders's advisers say that decision was equally good for both the candidates).
Some of their problems remain, especially in the context of a general election. But by the time of Saturday's dinner, Clinton had calmed the nerves of many Democrats and appeared to have regained some of the momentum lost during the summer, with poll numbers rising in some of the early states.
That put the focus on Sanders. They needed to step up and make the next month of the campaign as helpful to them as October has been to Clinton. Their speech reflected a turn in their campaign strategy as the candidates began the 100-day countdown to the Iowa caucuses.
Sanders's campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, played down concerns about the front-runner's newfound momentum. “Has they had a good couple of weeks? Yeah,” they said as the Iowa activists emptied out of Hy-Vee Hall late Saturday. “They stopped bleeding. That's what the last two weeks were.”
Senior Sanders adviser Tad Devine attributed Clinton's improved poll numbers to the millions of dollars their campaign has spent on advertising in Iowa and New Hampshire. They said Sanders's ads are coming soon, and they predicted they would give the senator a boost.
Devine said the campaign has simply reached the point where Sanders has to draw contrasts that they had not done before. “We need to simplify this race and make it clear to voters that there are real differences between Hillary and Bernie and those differences revolve around issues that are important to the voters,” they said.
Clinton and Sanders weren't the only candidates on the stage Saturday. The other was former Maryland governor Martin O'Malley. They showed off their oratorical skills and progressive record and used part of their speech to remind the audience that Sanders hasn't been on the same page as many progressives on gun control, an issue that has gained significant currency for Democrats.
O'Malley's strong rhetoric has not translated into greater support — something that puzzles many Democrats, who wonder whether it's because Sanders occupied the territory before O'Malley had a chance to get there. They probably will target Sanders as much as Clinton as the caucuses near and as they attempt to become a factor in the contest.
The Iowa Jefferson-Jackson Dinner is an event that has changed the course of some Democratic presidential campaigns. In the fall of 1999, then-Vice President Al Gore effectively ended former senator Bill Bradley's challenge in the nomination campaign with their speech at the event. Obama's 2007 speech gave their campaign a badly needed jolt of energy that eventually resulted in their caucus victory over Clinton, who finished third. Without Iowa, they might not have been elected president.
There was no such clear winner Saturday night, only the hint of things to come. Sanders laid down markers for the next phase of the campaign, foreshadowing a more vigorous debate with Clinton. It was the start of something different, but only a start. Where will they take it next?
This article is about a name for a rabbit . For other uses, see Alba (disambiguation)
Alba was the name of a genetically modified "glowing" rabbit created as an artistic work by contemporary artist Eduardo Kac, produced in collaboration with French geneticist Louis-Marie Houdebine.
Houdebine used the GFP gene found in the jellyfish, Aequorea victoria, that fluoresces green when exposed to blue light. This is a protein used in many standard biological experiments involving fluorescence. When Alba was exposed to such light, they would literally glow green — though photos by Kac showing the entire organism, including its hair, glowing a uniform green have had their veracity challenged.[1]
Eduardo Kac has described Alba as an animal that does not exist in nature. In an article published in The Boston Globe,[2] Houdebine admitted creating Alba for Kac and stated that Alba has a 'particularly mellow and sweet disposition.' This article generated a global media scandal, which caused Houdebine to distance themselves from Kac's work.[citation needed] All subsequent media articles present variations on Houdebine's disengagement effort.[citation needed]
Alba's lifespan is an open question. In 2002, a US reporter called INRA (France), where Houdebine works, and was told that Alba had died. The reporter published an article stating that Alba was dead but the only evidence they provided was to quote Houdebine as saying: "I was informed one day that bunny was dead without any reason. So, rabbits die often. It was about 4 years old, which is a normal lifespan in our facilities."[1]
In the 2007 European Molecular Biology Organization Members Meeting in Barcelona, Louis-Marie Houdebine presented in detail their version of the reality of 'The GFP rabbit story', placing emphasis on sensationalism by journalists and the TV media.[3]
A story has emerged involving WWE Superstar Braun Strowman and GFW's Karen Jarrett, wife of GFW executive Jeff Jarrett and ex-wife of current WWE Monday Night Raw General Manager Kurt Angle.
The alleged incident reportedly took place on Monday, July 17, in Nashville. Braun Strowman and several other WWE stars were at a local bar after Raw and Karen was there as well and approached Braun about getting an autograph for them and Kurt's son. Braun apparently didn't know who they were and didn't want to sign any autographs and may have acted rudely towards Karen.
When Karen told them that they were Kurt Angle's ex-wife and that the autograph was for their son and that they were going to tell Kurt that Braun was rude to her, Braun became much friendlier to them and was allegedly "begging" them not to say anything to Kurt.
One version of the story that's going around is that Braun literally got down on their knees to try to persuade Karen not to say anything about it to Kurt. Karen reportedly did not accept this gesture and said something to the effect of, "You're only doing that because now you know that I'm going to tell Kurt. Even if this wasn't for Kurt's son, you shouldn't have acted like that." Braun then reportedly told them that they were right and that they were sorry for behaving that way.
Normally, stripe rust in winter wheat isn't a huge problem for growers in Eastern Canada, and particularly in Ontario — at least, not at this stage of the growing season — but the 2016 growing season isn't shaping up to be “normal” either.
For now, the immediate challenge before growers is to get out and scout their wheat fields. According to Dale Cowan, senior agronomist with Agris Co-operative, the worst-hit region for stripe rust at week's end is west of Thamesville in Chatham-Kent, south of Highway 401 and down along the Lake Erie shoreline into Essex County.
This is the region, Cowan said, where the rust spores were first blown in and deposited, and where the disease is most advanced.
But there have been additional sightings farther north, even into Grey and Bruce counties. And no matter where it's found, growers need to act quickly to avoid significant losses in yield.
“It's at the point where you want to keep the flag leaf clean because it produces 70 per cent of the yield, and it's sporulating very quickly and moving very fast,” said Cowan.
“The next stage we'd consider a fungicide would be T3 (head stage), so what we're advising is that you have to keep the flag leaf clean with a T2 (flag leaf) fungicide.”
The problem began farther south in the U.S. — and Cowan noted it was already 400 miles further north into Kentucky than it normally should have been.
Even for a grower with crops three days away from a head spray (at T3, growth stages 59 to 65), the disease is advancing so quickly that waiting those three days to save money could cost them or their 50 per cent of a field.
In the past three days, Twitter has seen a variety of photos depicting the extent of the spread of the disease. One individual photographed their lower legs and boot tops covered in yellow-orange spores, just from walking through a field. Another shows the soil between rows with the same yellow-orange colouration.
“Once the flag leaf is gone, you're going to take a 50 to 60 per cent yield hit,” said Cowan. “If you don't spray the flag leaf now and you're going to wait for T3, there'll be nothing worth protecting even three or four days from now. If you're a week away from heading, you have to make two passes through the field or you just won't have anything worth spraying at T3.”
The fungicides a grower would use for T1 (tiller) or T2 (flag leaf) cannot be used if the awns are showing or the heads emerging, Cowan warned. Those particular fungicides carry a strobilurin, which will increase levels of deoxynivalenol (DON) — and the risk of DON infection is extremely high, as well.
“We have this situation where we have rust, where we can lose half our yield, or DON, which will make the crop unsalable,” Cowan said, adding that neither is a great option.
“Those are your two choices, so you can't just sit there and ignore this crop because you won't have a wheat crop if you're badly infected. And the first step is you have to get out and scout your fields!”
— Ralph Pearce is a field editor for Country Guide at St. Marys, Ont. Follow them at @arpee_ag on Twitter.
Bored Panda invited me to tell my story, so here it is:
I studied law but never practiced and instead worked in the movie business and advertising. Due to personal reasons I started a new job in April 2015. For the fun of it I decided to grow my beard thinking it would be a mess, but people said they liked it. This happened many times and so I realized maybe I should try being a model. I started being more careful with the way I dress and understood that maybe I had something. That is when I went to see agencies, and that's when my career began. I was almost 60 by then.
I really love what I am doing and get great pleasure from doing it. What else could I ask for? Maybe to work for a huge international campaign like Chanel or Dior. We all have dreams. And this buzz could help. Who knows.
More info: Instagram
Tokyo (AFP) – Japanese Hollywood star Ken Watanabe left Tokyo Saturday following successful treatment for cancer to return to New York where they are starring in the Broadway musical “The King and I”.
Watanabe, star of “Last Samurai” — for which they received an an Academy Award nomination — “Inception” and Clint Eastwood's “Letters From Iwo Jima”, underwent endoscopic surgery for stomach cancer last month and has since recovered well.
“I was in hospital only for four days and have begun working out,” a smiling Watanabe told reporters at Tokyo's Narita airport ahead of their departure.
“I caused a lot of worries but now I can move forward and get down to new work and acting,” the Oscar-nominated actor said.
“I want to start over by remotivating myself,” they added.
The 56-year-old said they would resume their role in “The King and I” on March 17.
Last year, they became the first Japanese actor to be nominated for a Tony Award following their run in the musical.
The actor survived two bouts of leukaemia in 1989 and 1994.
A war of words between police Chief Bill Blair and the Ford brothers heated up Thursday following Blair's comments to the Star that they were “deeply offended” by one of Mayor Rob Ford's video rants and that Ford friend Alexander “Sandro” Lisi had warned police in October that there would be a verbal offensive — ahead of a press conference announcing Lisi's arrest and the recovery of the crack video. This is what the Doug Ford said on Thursday during media scrums (edited for length).
Doug Ford reacts during a Thursday scrum about Bill Blair's comments, published Thursday, related to the complaint laid against them and the Ford brothers' intimidating behaviour. ( Dale Brazao )
The police chief has implied and broken the Police Act, first of all, numerous times yesterday, as they did before, and I guess the police chief believes he's above the law here, that he's not accountable to anyone. I've forwarded to the OIPRD, I will be forwarding another complaint, he's implied yesterday that somehow, some way, I had a conversation with Mr. Lisi. I've said numerous times I've never met Mr. Lisi, I've never talked to Mr. Lisi, and for them to come out and imply and accuse that there was going to be comments three days after their press conference is disingenuous. I take great offence to that. They got on their bully pulpit trying to intimidate and bully myself, our family, based on our complaint. And they said they were offended. Do you get offended six weeks, seven weeks, after the fact?” “Folks this is nothing but the chief politicizing, getting involved in the political election, again against the Police Act.  They are speaking about something that is in front of the courts which is against the Police Act and I will be filing a complaint, as I said earlier, against the police. I'm going to ask the folks out there, imagine if this was happening to you. Imagine if the police chief was after your family. Imagine if they were after you. Who is holding them accountable?”
Article Continued Below
“I'll be asking the police board to have the chief taken off this case 100 per cent. They have shown their bias against the mayor, it's very clear with this investigation. Again I'll be forwarding not only a letter to the provincial group but I will be forwarding a letter to the police board, asking them to make sure this sort of behaviour completely stops. I find it ironic about my first complaint, which was a legitimate complaint, I'd ask the people of Toronto if they think it's proper the police chief goes away with a paid fishing trip to an exclusive fishing club with one of the board members, Andy Pringle, which determines their contract, which determines the budget for the police. … They said they wanted to get to know him. I find that ironic considering they live in the exact same neighbourhood within blocks of each other, that they can walk over and talk to the chief any time.” “The chief moved from Scarborough to Forest Hill, neighbours of Andy Pringle. I understand Andy Pringle sold their house, he's moved, but isn't it ironic that he's waited till the election to do this. If someone's feelings are hurt, as they said, well, they should have done it at the time.” “Folks, put the dots together. John Tory, Andy Pringle was their chief of staff. They're good buddies. Andy Pringle, the chief and John Tory are all good buddies. And I find it very very suspicious in my opinion that all the dots are finally connecting as I said they would.” “You have John Tory and Andy Pringle, which I understand is raising money for John Tory, so there's another conflict. So Andy Pringle should step down immediately and Bill Blair should be stepping aside from this investigation until the review is done. And we're going to see if someone holds this chief that has gone rogue in my opinion …I know you may think it's funny but I don't, because they aren't chasing you around, Daniel Dale. Matter of fact, he's on your team in my opinion. They might as well stick a John Tory button…” Question from Jackson Proskow, Global TV: “Are you saying it was improper for police to investigate allegations of drug and gang connections with the mayor? Are you saying that's improper? Yes or no question.”
Ford: Let me finish, because you're as biased as they come Jackson Proskow from Global.” Proskow: Yes or no question, councillor, are you saying it was improper for the chief —?
Article Continued Below
Ford: “What I am saying, Jackson Proskow from Global, I'll be very clear about this. Do you think it's proper that a board member is paying for a trip to an exclusive club? Do you think it's proper, Jackson?” Proskow: “Do you think it's proper for the mayor to smoke crack cocaine?” Ford: “Do you think it's proper that the chief has broken the Police Act not once, not twice, three times? Do you feel that's proper? My answer is no. The people of this city are going to have to answer that for themselves if they believe it's proper that he's out there squandering millions of dollars at the same as he's speaking out both sides of their mouth asking for more money for policing. And again, this will be under review and I will be forwarding my letter to the boards.”
Read more about:
CNBC News Suggests Americans And ISIS Come Together Against President Trump On This…
This is simply insane. It's truly low even for the media. CNBC asked their Facebook followers if they agreed with a statement made by ISIS. “Do you agree with ISIS?” asked the post, which linked to a story with the headline: “Islamic State says US ‘being run by an idiot.'” So, let me get this straight… you want your audience to agree with psychotic butchers because you don't like President Trump and you think he's a moron. If you are who you hang with, doesn't that make CNBC savage murdering, conquering, rapists? Hmmm. Interesting line of logic.
“You [the U.S.] are bankrupt and the signs of your demise are evident to every eye,” said ISIS spokesperson Abi al-Hassan al-Muhajer in a new recording. “There is no more evidence than [that] you being run by an idiot who does not know what Syria or Iraq or Islam is.” Sounds like fighting words to me and that they need to have their collective ass kicked. CNBC on the other hand, borders on anti-American to say the least. They certainly aren't what I would call real journalists or even remotely patriotic.
From The Federalist Papers Project:
Trending: The 15 Best Conservative News Sites On The Internet The left's Trump Derangement Syndrome has hit a shocking new low as CNBC reportedly asked if Facebook users sided with ISIS in regard to a statement a spokesperson for the terrorist group just made about President Trump. A CNBC Facebook post (that has since been edited) asked viewers, according to the Washington Free Beacon: “Do you agree with ISIS?” and linked to a story titled “Islamic State says US ‘being run by an idiot.'” “You [the U.S.] are bankrupt and the signs of your demise are evident to every eye,” ISIS spokesperson Abi al-Hassan al-Muhajer said in a recent recording. “There is no more evidence than [that] you being run by an idiot who does not know what Syria or Iraq or Islam is.”
Most of the comments in response to the Facebook post were not in agreement with their premise. “Our ‘idiot…' is going to wipe you off the face of the earth,” reads the top comment, left by a supporter of President Donald Trump. And I hope that Trump does exactly that. Bombs ISIS right to hell… literally.
Even those who don't support Trump, didn't want anything to do with this crap: “Just pointing out the obvious does not make them any smarter,” one Facebook user wrote. The left is totally unhinged over Donald Trump. They need professional help. I just don't think there are enough qualified psychiatrists to go around for these guys. This is stupidity on steroids and it shows why CNBC is irrelevant and a joke. But hey… they are one with ISIS.
You Might Like
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Federal Reserve Vice Chair Janet Yellen became the frontrunner for the U.S. central bank's top job when President Barack Obama's preferred candidate, former adviser Larry Summers, withdrew, sources familiar with the situation said on Monday.
If nominated and confirmed, Yellen would replace Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke, whose second term expires in January.
Summers, a former Treasury secretary under President Bill Clinton and a top economic adviser to Obama during the first two years of their presidency, dropped out of consideration for the post on Sunday because of opposition among fellow Democrats that would have made it difficult to be confirmed by the U.S. Senate.
Yellen, who has a long career in the Fed system and chaired the White House Council for Economic Advisers under Clinton, would be the first woman to hold the job.
People familiar with the situation said Obama had largely whittled down their decision to two candidates, Summers and Yellen. With Summers out of the picture, Yellen moved to the top of the list. The president had mentioned former Vice Chairman Donald Kohn previously as also being under consideration. Adding further candidates to the list now was seen as unlikely.
An announcement is not expected this week. White House spokesperson Jay Carney told reporters earlier on Monday that Obama would announce their decision in the fall.
“Calendar watchers will note that we are still in the summer,” Carney said. The autumn officially begins on Sunday.
Analysts and former administration officials said Summers' withdrawal put Yellen in good position to be appointed.
“We believe current Federal Reserve Vice Chair Janet Yellen is now the clear frontrunner, followed by former Federal Reserve Vice Chair Donald Kohn, with only a slim chance of it being somebody else,” economists at Nomura wrote in a note to clients.
“Donald Kohn is an experienced and respected central banker, but they have not worked at the Fed since 2010. Financial markets would likely not react as well to their nomination and they would to Yellen's.”
TOP CONTENDER
Summers' close relationship with Obama had given them the upper hand in the selection process. The former president of Harvard University helped lead Obama's economic team during the financial crisis that faced the White House when Obama took over in 2009.
White House officials have stressed for weeks that the president had not made a final decision, however, and Yellen remained a contender even as Summers appeared to be on track to get the nod.
Progressive and women's groups had argued in favor of Yellen. Choosing a man after Summers' withdrawal likely would be seen as a symbolic slap against those important constituent groups, which helped Obama win re-election in 2012.
Janet Yellen, vice chair of the Board of Governors of the U.S. Federal Reserve System, is shown prior to addressing the University of California Berkeley Haas School of Business in Berkeley, California in this file photo from November 13, 2012. REUTERS/Robert Galbraith/Files
“Easily, the front runner now is Vice Chair Janet Yellen,” said Jim Kochan, chief fixed income strategist at Wells Fargo Funds Management LLC in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin.
Summers' potential appointment created an unprecedented backlash and would have added to a list of battles the president faces with Congress this fall over the budget, raising the U.S. debt ceiling, and reforming immigration laws.
“(Obama) hadn't made a decision, so I don't read this as some kind of mutiny,” said one former administration official, referring to opposition among Obama's fellow Democrats to Summers. “But they have plenty of challenges on their plate, so maybe this spares them one.”
So, it's E3 week at the Escapist (as well as generally, in the world). And as always, my schedule means Zero Punctuation cannot possibly be made expediently enough to be able to comment on it while it's going on. My column, on the other hand, is a different story. So rather than wait for after the inevitable ZP attempt at counter-hype to Extra Punctuation E3's balls off, we thought this might be the smarter route.
Of course, having said that, I'm writing this before E3 actually starts, so I can't really comment on anything specific. Instead, I will make some predictions for the major upcoming press events, which, by the time this column goes up, will already have happened, barring disaster. So you'll already know if I'm right, you lucky sod.
First of all, I'm not holding out hope for any mind-shattering announcements, 'cos we're only one year into a new console generation and everyone blew their loads last year. So I'm expecting a lot of reminders of upcoming exclusives mentioned last time. Gameplay demonstrations I will give a lowball estimate of averaging 20 separate moments that make you sorely want to punch the demonstrator in the throat. If anything hardware-shaped comes up, I hope it relates to VR and Oculus tech, 'cos I've been waiting for shit like that since back when I watched Knightmare.
Microsoft: Considering last year's farce when they started chucking features out before they'd finished announcing them, I give even odds whether they spend their whole time this year humbly wringing their hands or just going for broke with one hundred percent starry-eyed back-slapping self-denial. Probably the latter, 'cos that's the theme of the whole fucking event, isn't it?
Sony: More self-back-slapping, but with more of a tangible sense of insufferable smugness now the Pisspoor's been pushing in the Bone's shit since day one. And maybe they'll finally update us on The Last Guardian. Or will they? Might be risky, 'cos that game's long wandered into the John Romero Exasperation Zone (though not quite as far as the George Broussard No Man's Land).
Nintendo: Not presenting for the second year running. Whatever game is being played in the triple-A industry these days, it seems Nintendo would rather be playing a different one, with comprehensible rules where everyone can just sit in a big circle and join hands and be friends and nobody has to be kicked in anything.
Electronic Arts: The first E3 press event in history wherein the spokesperson starts expelling swarms of chittering beetles from their throat.
In all seriousness, I think the industry's got it completely wrong with E3. Triple-A games have every advantage in the sodding world. They're going to be all over website ads, Youtube ads, and the sides of buses in major cities. With all of that, it seems mad that we spend the lion's share of the industry's major media event giving them even more sodding coverage.
E3 is our Academy Awards - a big pleased-with-itself happy-clappy back-slappy circle jerk for the richest motherfuckers in the game. Seas of desperate fixed grins trying to convince each other that their increasingly ridiculous costs aren't crumbling the ivory tower. And it's not a bad thing to have, it's nice to know that all of these people are going to be in one place if we ever need to plan a carpet bombing. But what we also need, as well as that, is something like a Cannes Film Festival. Something based around the competition for the Palme D'Or or equivalent, judged by people with as little bias as possible. You make it a little more cut-throat, and a little less about game publishers and game media climbing into a nice foamy bath together to give each other back-rubs while sensually moistening their lips.
Actually, it couldn't be exactly like Cannes, 'cos Cannes is based around bringing exposure to film from around the world, and video games are already pretty effectively globalised. Instead, it would need to concentrate on exposing games from every gameplay genre and level of funding. And instead of the jury being one person from each country, you'd have one role player, one MOBA pro, one old dear on the end who just likes Bejewelled, etc.
But I digress. E3 is what we're stuck with and we still have to stomach it for the rest of this week at least. So let me just reiterate the point I make every year: that you should make every effort to resist the hype machine. You, the audience, gain nothing from buying into the hype, and they, the publishers, the enemy, do nothing but gain. So keep some perspective. When you watch a demonstration or an interview, try to remember in the back of your mind that every smiling charismatic face you see would probably continue knifing your corpse as long as it thought money might spill out of your guts.
This article argues that because of the changing character of work and labour in the context of globalisation, progressives and particularly trade unionists could make a basic income a key part of their agenda. It considers the standard objections and then reviews the various advantages of moving in that direction, towards the realisation of a republican or claim right.
Guy Standing, Director, ILO Socio-Economic Security Programme.
This article is written in a personal capacity. All views are those of the author and should not be attributed to the ILO.
“There is a tide in the affairs of men, Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune”
Anxiety, insecurity and uncertainty – these are the feelings expressed by a vast number of workers and many others all over the world. There is a growing consensus on the reasons – globalisation, consumer capitalism, inequalities of various types, employment insecurity and unemployment, flexible wages, erosion and restructuring of the welfare state, social violence and a lack of networks of social support.
Amidst all this, trade unions have found it difficult to maintain their appeal. Many of us lament the outcome, and feel sure that society needs strong organisations to protect and advance the rights of all its members, and that without them insecurities will multiply. Yet unions need to rethink how to appeal to people as they go through their working lives. As they do so, I believe unions should champion a basic income as part of a strategy for economic security and redistribution. Unions have always been at their most effective when they have appealed to a vision of the future, rather than clinging to achievements of the past. They should set out to be in the vanguard for such a strategy, which should focus on the distributional issues of the time. I ask readers to be as open as possible to new ideas and to fresh thinking about old ideas that they might have rejected at another time.
We are undergoing a Great Transformation, in the way the economic system functions and in the relationship between economic forces and society. In the past, as superbly shown by Karl Polanyi, each transformation has created a period of instability, as old systems of regulation, social protection and redistribution broke down. In stable periods, those help moderate the insecurities and inequalities, at least enough to make most people tolerate their lot, by ‘embedding the economy in society'. Put briefly, when unions were last in a position of strength, between 1945 and about 1975, tripartism and the welfare state performed these three functions reasonably well. Since then, inequalities and insecurities have multiplied.
Whether the old system was good or bad, there is no going back. The challenge now is to identify the new systems of regulation, social protection and redistribution that will moderate the insecurities while not undermining the economic dynamism that is driving the global economy.
The Global Context
In reflecting on feasible and desirable reform of social policy, it is essential to consider two big questions that set the context.
To be stable and prosperous, every society needs a system of regulation, a system of social protection and a system of redistribution, to embed the economic forces in society and to moderate the insecurities and inequalities faced by most ordinary people. The first question is: What are the appropriate systems for a globalising open economy world?
Here is not the place to try to provide a detailed answer. But it is important to realise what is not the answer and to see what options are feasible. First, in an open economy the most effective means of regulation against bad labour and social policies and practices is strong bargaining power for workers and others at every level of decision-making, which means collective bodies, not just individualistic quasi-legalistic mechanisms, although these are needed as well. It is obvious to most observers that such collective bodies cannot rely on the old models; unions need to broaden their appeal to citizenship rights and be champions of egalitarianism.
Second, for social protection, old-style social insurance schemes are limited, costly and possibly dysfunctional in societies characterised by labour market flexibility, economic informalisation and fluidity of labour force participation. Means-tested social assistance and behaviour-conditional schemes such as ‘workfare' are even less viable if one wishes to promote universal social protection. The shortcomings of those schemes should lead to a willingness to think about more universalistic schemes, even though there are other grounds for doing so as well.
As for the most appropriate system of redistribution, in a globalising economy progressive direct taxation can do little, and even progressive governments have abandoned it as a means of extensive redistribution. Indeed, fiscal policy has become more regressive, worsening inequality. Tax on capital has fallen, tax on labour has risen, while subsidies for capital have risen and subsidies for labour have fallen.
This leads to the second big question. Every great transformation hinges on resolving the social conflict over the distribution of the key assets in that particular era. In an era of crumbling feudalism, the struggle was over land; under industrial capitalism, the struggle was over the means of production, leading to a focus on nationalisation of the ‘commanding heights' of the economy. What are the key assets in the era of globalisation? What are the assets over which young progressives of the world – to whom collective organisations must appeal if they are to thrive – will wish to struggle to obtain? Put bluntly, they are surely financial capital, the environment (quality space in which to live healthily) and time (quality time in which to develop through work and leisure, in control over one's development), which together could promise economic security. The rationale for that choice is provided elsewhere. Suffice it to suggest that if one accepts that these are the key assets of the era over which we wish to have more control, then we should assess policies and institutions by whether or not they offer us the prospect of obtaining it.
The modern world is characterised by the frenzied pursuit of profits and possessions. Income and wealth are increasingly concentrated in finance capital. If inequality is to be reduced, all citizens must share in that, which means renewed interest in economic democracy. Economic rights and democracy will surely be at the centre of progressive thinking in the years ahead. Among the advantages of collective and widespread individual ownership of financial capital would be that social control, including control of ecologically irresponsible behaviour by corporations, would be exercised over blatant rapaciousness so memorably demonstrated by Enron and others in recent years.
Here is not the place to develop that line of thinking. It is the other key asset that is relevant here, namely quality time. There is a uniquely modern crisis, which is the commodification of human existence. Globalisation is not just the financialisation of capitalism, but is based on the spread of insatiable consumption manipulated by constant advertising. In this, the instrumentality of labour is triumphing over the ethics of work, which conjures up ‘craftsmenship', creativity and reproductive properties. The jobholder society so feared by Hannah Arendt is gaining ground. Jobs are mainly instrumental. For more and more people, there is something close to that old Soviet joke, ‘They pretend to pay us, we pretend to work'. The emerging variant might be, ‘They pretend my job is important, I pretend to believe them.'
To consume is the goal. Alongside the well-known aphorism, ‘I shop, therefore I am', one should add, ‘I labour, so that I may shop.' There is an underlying frenzy, to make more money, to labour longer and more intensively, to take work home and home to one's job. The intensification of labour is threatening our capacity to reproduce physical and mental health. It is not just the Japanese who are suffering from karoshi (death from overwork). There is also a modern disease of presenteeism, staying in a job ‘at work' even when it would be advisable for health to take time off. Meanwhile, the losers are left ‘licking at the windows' and ‘bowling alone' in the malls, where teenagers and the elderly ‘hang out'. Ironically, alongside labour intensification is a deepening passivity, epitomised by the watching of ‘reality' TV and a sequence of entertainments.
This is an exaggeration, of course. But there is what might be called existential stress, an anxiety, an insecurity. More people feel that they are never satisfied, having insatiable needs, for money, for commodities. We are urged to be ‘competitive' in almost everything. Education is valued only for the jobs that schooling and human capital may bring. I labour to have more, not to develop myself or my relationships, let alone to preserve and recreate the beauty of nature and society that our forebears have handed down to us. Purchase, possess, display, discard! These are the laws of global consumer capitalism.
It all leads to a time squeeze. And when youth look forward to what their parents or peers are doing, they are surely correct if they think this is no great deal. What sociologists might call existential anomie arises, since more and more people do not belong to a functioning community, of people who are working as a unified ‘class', or as an occupational group, as a union, as a guild, as a cooperative or whatever. Since they do not belong to such a collective community in which there is a spirit of social solidarity, there is no regulation of opportunism and social irresponsibility, and there is weaker reciprocity between the old and the young, the married and the single, and between religious and ethnic groups.
This too is an exaggeration, is it not? All right, but the dominant trend is towards a combination of insecurity, stress and anomie, a frenzy of labour (money making) in a context of social and political passivity, a modern form of ‘bread and circuses', of MacDonalds, malls and watching matches.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – A U.S. congressional committee said on Sunday that it will hear from half a dozen witnesses this week about dangerous lapses at federal health facilities, including one that led to the potential exposure of 84 people to live anthrax.
Dr. Thomas Frieden, director of the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), is among several government witnesses scheduled to testify at a Wednesday hearing of the House Energy and Commerce Oversight and Investigations Subcommittee, which released its witness list online.
Accompanying Frieden will be Joseph Henderson, deputy director of the CDC's Office of Security and Emergency Preparedness.
The panel will also hear from Jere Dick, associate deputy administrator or the Animal and Plant Health Inspection Services at the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and Nancy Kingsbury, a managing director of the watchdog U.S. Government Accountability Office.
Two non-government experts – Behavioral-based Improvement Solutions LLC President Sean Kaufman and Rutgers University professor Richard Ebright – will also appear, the panel said.
The CDC has blamed multiple failures by scientists, and a lack of agency-wide safety policies, for the potential exposure of lab workers to live anthrax at its Atlanta campus last month. Researchers in a high-security lab sent samples of what they thought were inactivated bacteria to colleagues in a lower-security lab, with fewer protections.
The House subcommittee, chaired by Republican Representative Tim Murphy of Pennsylvania, is trying to determine what led to that lapse as well as others including the mishandling of dangerous avian bird flu at a CDC influenza lab and the discovery of smallpox vials in an unused room at the National Institutes of Health campus in Bethesda, Maryland.
No one has fallen ill as a result of the incidents.
(Reporting by David Morgan; Editing by Eric Walsh)
The high court is to decide whether government or parliament has the authority to trigger exit process. We look at what a pro-parliament verdict could mean
What is happening in the article 50 court case?
Judgment is awaited on whether parliament or the government has authority to give formal notification under article 50 of the Treaty on the European Union of the UK's intention to leave the EU. The government claims it is entitled to do so under the executive powers it has inherited from the crown under the royal prerogative.
How does this tie in with the article 50 case in Belfast?
A similar claim, which additionally stressed devolution law, has already been heard in the high court in Belfast. The 1998 Good Friday Agreement prevents Brexit being imposed on the people of Northern Ireland, Ronan Lavery QC told the court earlier this month. The former Northern Ireland justice minister, David Ford, nationalist and Green politicians have brought the claim. Judgment in that case is also awaited. Both claims, whichever way they go, are expected to be appealed directly to the UK's supreme court in Westminster. A hearing, probably in front of at least nine justices, has been pencilled in for early December.
Who has brought the cases?
While attention has focused on the lead claimant in London, 51-year-old Gina Miller, a Guyanese-born and British-educated business person, there are scores of other litigants and interveners. The second lead claimant there is Deir Dos Santos, a London hairdresser. Both Miller and Dos Santos are British citizens. Others funding the challenge include people living in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, British expatriates living in the EU, Gibraltarians worried about the future status of the Rock and the children of non-EU nationals. All worry that Brexit may deprive them of existing rights. Death threats have been made against claimants, prompting the judges to warn that those interfering with the case could be imprisoned for contempt of court.
Article 50 legal case 'is attempt to reverse Brexit', court told Read more
If they win, could this stop Brexit?
Victory for the claimants would hand responsibility for triggering Brexit to MPs. Whether a majority would have the nerve to delay or defy the referendum result is unknown. Many, though personally committed remainers, may feel bound by the popular plebiscite. Other politicians might respect constituency pressures. Both the Scottish and Welsh devolved governments retained barristers on a watching brief at the London hearing. They could join the case at the supreme court, reinforcing legal opposition to Theresa May's executive action.
How worried is the government?
It is difficult to predict the outcome of a case. The attorney general, Jeremy Wright QC, the government's most senior legal adviser, led its team of lawyers in London to demonstrate political commitment to Brexit. The judges hearing the case include the Lord Chief Justice, Lord Thomas of Cwmgiedd, who at one point in the three-day hearing admitted that they were “slightly baffled” by government lawyers' arguments. Sir Terence Etherton, the new Master of the Rolls, asked whether the fact that parliament had not specified the precise limits of the royal prerogative meant that “the government can remove common law rights?” The claimants have exploited the Bill of Rights 1689, a piece of legislation revered by Eurosceptics, pointing out that it “expressly prohibits the use of the prerogative in circumstances where its exercise would ‘suspend' or ‘dispense' statutory law”. The outcome is hanging in the balance.
If it goes to the supreme court, then what?
Technically, there could be an appeal to the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg, the EU's highest court, on a point of law. No one, however, wants the EU to decide on the limits of parliamentary sovereignty. If the supreme court rules against the government, parliament is likely to be given a vote on when, and possibly how, to trigger Brexit.
Who's paying?
Miller, who is an investment manager, has been funding their claim. Much of the additional cash has come from various crowdfunding websites.
With the return of AP supports and poke lanes thanks to Arcane Comet, the resurgence of the Spellthief's Edge item line was bound to happen, but aside from seeing it on AP supports, the item has been showing up in another position entirely: the Jungle.
In the last couple of months, some junglers have been picking up Spellthief's Edge and Frostfang as one of their first buys, even before completing their jungle enchantment.
Why Does it Work?
Extra Damage
The Tribute passive grants 13 bonus magic damage per proc on Spellthief's Edge, which is bumped up to 18 with Frostfang. This means that 3 procs will be granting you 39 (or 54) extra damage -- that's quite a bit in the early stages, enough to help you win skirmishes or secure kills in ganks.
Furthermore, the Tribute passive doesn't go on cooldown when farming the jungle, as it only applies to minion kills. This means it will always be up whenever you gank or duel the enemy jungler, granting not only extra damage, but also extra gold: 10 gold per Spellthief tribute proc and 15 per Frostfang tribute proc.
Extra Gold
Patch 7.22 also added the Bandit passive to all support items. While this change was made to offset the loss of the Bandit rune for supports, it's basically a net gain for other junglers.
Gold Efficiency
Aside from all the extra gold and damage, base stats also have to be considered. When you buy Spellthief's or Frostfang you're not just getting extra gold and damage, you're also getting valuable stats.
Spellthief's Edge grants 10 ability power and 25% base mana regeneration for a mere 350 gold. Using gold efficiency calculations (comparing the statistical value of a sum of an item's stats to its total cost) we can infer that these two stats alone are worth 342 gold. The passive gold generation passive will grant 8 gold in 40 seconds, making the item gold efficient shortly after buying it.
Frostfang, on the other hand, is even more valuable. On Patch 7.18, 10% Cooldown Reduction was added to the item, a stat you could only obtain by upgrading Frostfang into Frost Queen's Claim or Eye of the Watchers.
With 20 Ability Power, 50% Mana Regeneration, and 10% Cooldown Reduction, the item is worth 951 gold, a value superior to its 850 purchase value, and this is without taking into account the 2 gold per 10 seconds, the Bandit passive, and the Tribute passive extra gold generation and damage.
Quest Upgrade - Queen's Tribute
Finally, it's worth mentioning that holding onto the item grants extra value to the user. After earning 750 gold with the Spellthief's Edge item line and upgrading it at least to Frostfang, Tribute procs will grant a burst of 50% movement speed for 1 second.
Who wants to buy this?
Technically, any AP jungler, or even AD junglers with AP ratios such as Shaco with Deceive (Passive) and Jack in the Box (W); but two champions stand out as junglers who can really make the most out of every Frostfang benefit.
Evelynn
The newly reworked Evelynn can easily proc the 3 charges of the Tribute passive in quick succession with Hate Spike for extra damage and gold.
Once they complete the quest, the movement speed procs can help them get in range of their target. Opening up with Allure and then a ranged hit from Hate Spike, they can quickly close the gap to hit their target with additional spikes and Whiplash (E).
Nidalee
Nidalee's damage combo usually involves hitting an enemy champion with Javelin Toss (Q) or even Bushwack (W) to mark them as hunted, so they can then transform to Cougar form to Pounce (W) on them and use Swipe (E) and Takedown (Q). Just like Evelynn, they can easily proc all 3 instances of the tribute passive. Once the quest is completed, hitting a Javelin Toss means extra movement speed to get into Pounce's hunt range bonus.
When should I upgrade to Frost Queen's Claim?
While Spellthief's Edge and even Frostfang can be rushed before completing your other items, it's not recommended to just finish Frost Queen's Claim as soon as possible. While its counterparts are cheap, grant good stats, and are cost-effective purchases, the same can't be said for Frost Queen's. For a 1350 gold upgrade, you're only getting 40 AP and access to the active that sends out two ice ghosts. Instead, just hold on to Frostfang and get core items built first.
Once multiple items are completed, slot efficiency starts to become a real issue. Once you have no inventory space for other item components or Control Wards, you should look to either sell Frostfang or upgrade it.
And in the mid to late game stages, and as the map opens up with towers being taken down, the value of Frost Queen's active actually goes up, as it can help champions like Evelynn or Nidalee pick off isolated opponents moving from one lane to another.
Share
By Now, you have likely heard that the President of the United States of America has been blocking Twitter users from following their account, simply because they don't like what they are saying. Whether it's criticism, personal attacks, or a combination of both, President Trump has blocked handfuls of people over the last couple of weeks. When a Twitter user is blocked, they can no longer read tweets made by the President or reply to any such tweet. While the ACLU argues that such censorship is likely unconstitutional since Trump uses Twitter as an official line of communication between their administration and the American people, that doesn't seem to have stopped him. Through extensive research we have been able to compile a list of 35 users who have officially been blocked from following the President's Twitter account. While this list is the most comprehensive one online, we are certain that dozens or even hundreds of others have also been block but simply have not reported it. We urge you to contact us if you have been blocked by the President and are not included within the list below:
A Cat Named Bitches @bitchesthecat
Adam Best @adamcbest
Adam Molloy @adamjmolloy
Anti-DJ.Trump‏ @Anti_DJTrump
Aunt Crabby @DearAuntCrabby
Bess Kalb @bessbell
BookDragon @daBookdragon
Chrissy G. Blanco @pennyroo_
Christof Rehage @crehage
Debbie Hastings @dddd4444
Dominic @DomT716
Holly O'Reilly @AynRandPaulRyan
J-San @lawdood
Jail Donald Trump @DTrumpExposed
Joe Papp @joepabike
John Niven @NivenJ1
Jules Suzdaltsev @jules_su
LardNapkin @lardnapkin
MacKenzie L. @run_mac_run
Maumee Mom @MaumeeMom
Megan Ackerman @MissMeganEmily
Michael Ritchie @retorikku
Molly Jong-Fast @MollyJongFast
Nick Jack Pappas @pappiness
Pat Donovan @PatDono92287870
Rick Erickson @rick5714
Rob Szczerba @RJSzczerba
RJ City @RjCity1
Sheila Vance @Sheilav93967759
Shizzlacher @Shizzlacher
Suzanne Fox @suzuufox
Sweet Ass Pie @themccuntface
Tara Dublin @taradublinrocks
Tony Posnanski @tonyposnanski
Uwalaka Emmanuel @e_uwalaka
If you do happen to be blocked by President Trump, there is an alternative means of reading their tweets via the following account: UnfollowTrump
If you are a regular reader you know Jeff Layton and I have similar approaches to technology issues and problem-solving. We also both like file systems and work on storage. We recently ran into each other at a file system user group meeting and were discussing Linux file systems and file systems in general over a great Cuban dinner. Jeff and I came to the conclusions that, as it is often said, "Houston we have a file system scaling problem."
A few years ago, I wrote an article in which I made some disparaging remarks about the scalability of Linux file systems. I received more than 30 of emails telling me I did not know what I was talking about, some of them explicit and nearly threatening. Back in April, while I was doing a bit of research for a customer on the maximum size support for a number of file systems, I found the follwing information on Red Hat's web site.
File Systems and Storage Limits
Version 3 Version 4 Version 5 Version 6 Maximum filesize (Ext3) 2TB 2TB 2TB 2TB Maximum filesystem size (Ext3) 2TB 8TB 16TB 16TB Maximum filesize (Ext4) -- -- 16TB 16TB Maximum filesystem size (Ext4) -- -- 16TB 16TB Maximum filesize (GFS) 2TB 16TB/8EB 16TB/8EB N/A Maximum filesystem size (GFS) 2TB 16TB/8EB 16TB/8EB N/A Maximum filesize (GFS2) -- -- 25TB 100TB Maximum filesystem size (GFS2) -- -- 25TB 100TB Maximum filesize (XFS) -- -- 100TB 100TB Maximum filesystem size (XFS) -- -- 100TB 100TB
Clearly, the file system community as group has not taken my concerns to heart. There has been progress in some areas, but the goal of a 500 TB single name space Linux file system still seems years away.
What Is the Problem?
When Jeff and I talked over dinner about the merits and demerits of the file systems listed above, the biggest issue we had was that the size limits of the file systems are unbelievably small given the storage sizes we have today.
https://o1.qnsr.com/log/p.gif?;n=203;c=204660765;s=10655;x=7936;f=201812281308090;u=j;z=TIMESTAMP;a=20400368;e=i
With 3TB, drives ext 3/4 maxes out at five disk drives. Jeff and I thought that was just insane, given you can buy five 3TB drives at Fry's and put them in your desktop. XFS maxes out at 33 3TB disk drives, and even that is far too small in our opinion. Clearly, supported file system sizes have not scaled with disk drives sizes or the demand for big data. I have a home NAS device with six drives, and it is a good thing I did not get an eight-drive NAS; XFS is not supported by my NAS vendor, and I could be over the ext3 limit and thus have to create multiple file systems.
Laying the Groundwork
We already know there will be a number of naysayers, so let's answer some of your comments upfront (the proverbial "pre-emptive strike" as it were). A first possible comment is, "why do guys need any stinking support, just download and go debug yourself? You know how." That might be true, but the fact of the matter is, it is not about us -- it is about the market reality in business today (and remember, we are both proponents of Linux, and Jeff writes a weekly article series about Linux and storage).
A second possible response is, "you guys are stupid and should not want file systems that big." Our response to this is that the reason you tell us not want these big file system is because they do not scale. We want them and our customers want them. When an eight-drive NAS must be broken into multiple file systems, I think we have a broken file system development and support model.
Jeff and I did some checking and we believe, ultimately, there are two problems.
In the current file system model, the listed file system has metadata scaling problems for large counts of files with these large sizes. Although XFS is supported to 100TB, what we were told and have seen is that performance degrades with large file counts, especially when the metadata gets fragmented As these file systems grow near their limits, performance for streaming does not seem to scale linearly with size and degrades with fragmentation
Jeff and I decided to look at the first problem because without scalable metadata, sustained large block performance does not really matter much in our opinion. I have always been a big proponent of fsck performance. Now some vendors have stated in the past that all you must do is check the logs, and you never need to verify the file system.
That is total and complete garbage. In all the times Jeff or I have seen hardware have a problem, neither of us have ever seen an operational file system be able to recover from a RAID or storage hardware problems 100 percent of the time. It is the nature of POSIX file systems, and the fact of the matter is that only metadata is logged -- not data given the performance implications. Jeff and I speculated during dinner that one of the main reasons Linux puts size limitation on file systems is the amount of time it takes to run an fsck after a hardware incident. It is necessary to run fsck against the metadata (e.g., superblock, inodes, extents and directories) after a crash, and it is critically important after a hardware incident on the storage.
Basic Construction:
Korra: I researched traditional Inuit fashion for their design, taking from their patterns and use of furs (though please use faux!). There's some suede in there too, and the fur around the collar is a hood.
Asami: Went for a steampunk look with Asami. Arms parts and pauldrons best made out of worbla/eva foam. Them jacket could be matte brown leather.
Azula: Much requested character! I wanted their design to compliment Zuko's (see my gallery), but like something they would wear as empress. Boots could again be constructed with worbla/eva foam. The jacket.... thing (lol) could be thick painted leather. In an ideal world it would be lazer cut, heh, but if not foam would do the trick too. The dragon embellishment on their arms are sequins. You can buy metallic gold trim off the real for all that, well, gold trim, haha! Flame embellishment at the hem could be painted or embroidered.
Hannah Alexander Cosplayers .Basic Construction:Korra: I researched traditional Inuit fashion for their design, taking from their patterns and use of furs (though please use faux!). There's some suede in there too, and the fur around the collar is a hood.Asami: Went for a steampunk look with Asami. Arms parts and pauldrons best made out of worbla/eva foam. Them jacket could be matte brown leather.Azula: Much requested character! I wanted their design to compliment Zuko's (see my gallery), but like something they would wear as empress. Boots could again be constructed with worbla/eva foam. The jacket.... thing (lol) could be thick painted leather. In an ideal world it would be lazer cut, heh, but if not foam would do the trick too. The dragon embellishment on their arms are sequins. You can buy metallic gold trim off the real for all that, well, gold trim, haha! Flame embellishment at the hem could be painted or embroidered.
I have a Youtube Series called QuickDesign . ! where I sketch redesigns of requested characters. Here is Korra > Asami > Azula. You are welcome to cosplay them! For any advice please join the Facebook Group
Free Live skin
Here's a skin I've made for Ableton Live. It's a little inspired by the photo editors Zoner and Lightroom, which have these pleasant dark grey themes. For photo editing, this makes sense because you want as little visual noise as possible, but I find that it's also a lot easier on the eyes; brighter themes are more tiring, and I find that there's always some element I don't like with other skins I've tried in Live.
So, I decided to do it myself. I used the relatively straight-forward skin editor, and figured it would be pretty simple. I use the words ‘relatively' and ‘figure' because it wasn't quite as easy as I'd expected. First of all, a lot of the names of the various elements in the skin editor are quite ambiguous, and I had to just try a lot of crazy colours and test the skin in Live in order to figure out which element name did what. The second problem is that Live's colour palette seems very limited, so the colours turn out completely different in Live than in the editor. I thought maybe Live used only the good ‘ol web-safe colours, but that didn't seem right either, so – again: a lot of adjusting and testing were required, especially since I wanted the grey theme: Live doesn't exactly offer 60 shades of them… 😉
Anyway: without further ado, here's the link to the skin and a screenshot. Hope you can find some use for it! Just download the file and put it into the ‘RESOURCES > SKINS' folder in your Live application directory.
A letter from Asami:
Hello, Korra.
I hope you feel better since we last met.
I am doing fine. Things are going uphill. I received a contract for the expansion of the Republican City. Significantly , work has increased immediately, but it does not scare me, you know. I've always liked challenges. Though, I must admit, I am barely able to carve out a couple of hours to rest now. But it does not matter. The main thing that the result will worth the efforts. Everything is going to change, and it seems to me, for the best.
We all miss you so much. Mako, Bolin and… I. The Republican city is not the same without you. It seems it lost very important part of it and any, even the most striking changes would not hide it. Everyone is waiting for your return from the South Pole. Do write as the recovery process proceeds. We ... I'm worried. You havenot written anything concrete in previous letters, and in fact it has been almost half a year.
Anyway, I hope to receive letter from you. Its doe meter, would you tell me about yourself or not. Just… Write to me. I miss you… very much.
Your Asami.
A letter from Korra:
Hello, Asami.
I have read your letter. I am very pleased with your success and happy that the events are not standing still. Perhaps, after all that has happened, this is the best scenario. I hope to see soon how the city has changed thanks to your efforts.
I really miss everyone. Miss the atmosphere, environment, people, even the local cuisine. Somehow there are no noodles with seaweed and curry sauce at the South Pole. I really miss Mako… Bolin. I miss you. Miss our talks. And especially your support. Thanks to you, I still have not given up.. .
Recovery is not as fast as I would like. Nightmares have not disappeared. Katara said that they did not allow me to recover fully. Maybe she's right, but I still cannot to deal with them. It's like a never-ending nightmare. I really try, as best as I can. Maybe I am doing something wrong and I need to think again properly, to understand why and fix it. If anything changes, I will immediately let you know.
Thank you for trusting me… and for believing in me. I think, it's most important. I need nothing else. I will try to returnee where I belong as quickly as possible. Wait for me a bit.
Коrrа.
Zpacks™ Micro-Fleece Hoody
Order:
Fleece Hoody Jacket - $149
Size: Small Medium Large Extra Large Discontinued. Specifications:
11.4 ounces (323 grams) (size Medium)
Clothing items are made to order and are currently shipping in about one week. There may be lightly used gear in our Bargain Bin!
Description:
Constructed from super soft, quick drying, synthetic micro-fleece just like our popular Micro-fleece Beenie. The hoody provides excellent warmth at a minimum weight. The fleece is perfect as a mid or outer layer. Pair it with our Zpacks wind shell or rain jacket for even more warmth and wind protection. The sleeves feature thumbholes for added hand coverage in colder conditions and the full-length zipper zips all the way up to the chin to seal out the cold. The next time you hit the trail do it in comfort with the Zpacks Micro-Fleece Hoody.
Features:
Made from soft, stretchy 4.2 oz/sqyd micro fleece.
Full front zipper.
Fitted hood.
Hand pockets that close with zippers.
Thumbholes.
Adjustable elastic waist.
Maximum warmth, minimum weight!
1-year warranty against defects in materials or workmanship on all Zpacks gear.
Sizing:
Size: Fits Chest Size: Sleeve Length Weight Small:
35-38" (89 to 98 cm) 36" (92 cm) 11.2 oz (318 grams) Medium: 39-42" (99 to 107 cm) 36" (92 cm) 11.4 oz (323 grams) Large: 43-46" (108 to 118 cm) 36" (92 cm) 11.6 oz (329 grams) X-Large: 47-50" (119 to 127 cm) 36" (92 cm) 11.8 oz (335 grams)
Use a cloth tape measure or a string to measure around your chest at the fullest part.
The sleeve length is measured on the jacket from the back center of the neck to the thumbhole.
Android development on Chromebooks could soon be easier, as Google looks to make two key features of the Android SDK available on Chrome OS images by default.
Both the Android Debug Bridge (‘adb'), used for a multitude of activities, including sending data to a connected device, and the recovery/flashing tool ‘fastboot' are being considered for inclusion in Chrome OS, accessible through the Chrome Shell (‘crosh').
The news come through an update to an older bug report on a related ADB issue, now renamed ‘install adb and fastboot on chromeos images'.
While the idea being proposed is short of offering a full Android development environment to Chromebook developers, the additions would make life easier.
As newer APIs and features like the ‘Android Runtime for Chrome' plugin mature, and as Google starts to push the capabilities of “Chrome Apps on Android“, it makes sense to bake in key developer features.
There's no indication when (or, as with everything planned, if) ADB and fastboot features will arrive in Chrome OS, but you can be sure you'll hear about it when they do.
Development solutions are already growing fast on Chrome OS. The Chrome Dev Editor (beta) continues to improve each month and already lets developers build, deploy, debug and publish applications to mobile devices over USB.
Developers can already use adb on a Chromebook using a third-party app and, through “Crouton”, access the full Android SDK.
But nothing beats native, right?
Shower simulator. Spaceship technician. OH LOOK YOU'RE PREGNANT WITH THE EARTH.
Fright House by Jake Clover
Fright House is a compilation of games by Jake Clover, following their previous comp Some Games.
Sanctuary is my favorite. You play as an alien critter. Sanctuary is incredibly lonely.
[SPOILERS]
Sanctuary is a series of scenes about helplessness set in the vast void of space. Watch a friend get eaten, get ripped from your ecosystem, trapped in a metal chamber hurtling through space, dropped in a desolate glass dome full of plants just as displaced as you are.
Some parts happen in real time. It's worth waiting through the spaceship ride and later on at the sanctuary. You can do something else and leave it in the background.
That part where the spaceship comes and you wait and wonder if you're getting a new friend, a companion in this stark dome, but it's only a plant :(–then the spaceship TAKES OFF WITH A HORRIFYING LOUD ENGINE SOUND–a key element of Jake Clover's brilliance is their genuinely threatening sound effects. It actually evokes cruelty to animals, because the spaceship doesn't care how sensitive the creature's hearing is, whether the creature is scared, it's just this insensate metal thing collecting pets without understanding their physiology or emotions.
Or take Platformer 3, the platformer that's like, maybe death is pretty bad, yeah? I'm a rat running through a parking lot and shit is crashing from the sky. I walk into a burning UFO and SCREAM as I catch on fire. I stagger around for a few seconds before I die, horribly conscious the whole time.
Most platformers treat death like punctuation. Any horror at dying is mainly related to the frustration of lost time and effort. Platformer 3 subverts the format by making death scary.
Jake's games are trash-worlds bigger than the player, feral versions of existing genres distorted through an ugly, resolutions mismatched, my first game aesthetic. They're menacing and inhospitable, you need an oxygen mask to play then. They're really good.
Not My Hello World by Shayla Goller
Coming of age ceremony involving gems, and the girls affected by it. CW for child abuse.
[SPOILERS]
Each girl has a different way of reacting: apathetic, shell-shocked, justifying their own abuse, etc. After talking to every girl, I've seen (and remembered) a whole slew of coping mechanisms people use when they feel helpless.
I appreciate that the ceremony involves lovely gems, it feels more nuanced than straight up violence. Beautiful things integrated in totally toxic ways. Coercion ruins everything, even good things. The gems make us acceptable to others, but is the pain worth it?
Contrast the woman who wears their gems proudly vs. the traumatized girls. She's justified their painful augmentations. Just another adult whose forgotten what it's like to be a scared, helpless kid.
Sleep by Matilda
Sleep is about coercion in a psych ward. Matilda focuses on the details, clinically observing their own clinical observation. This is especially important given how media is full of stereotypes about mental health, asylums often used as the setting for horror movies and games.
It makes sense to be scared, but it's the institution that's scary, not the inmates. People struggling with mental illness are often the most vulnerable people in the room, and not all the people in those settings even belong in a mental health setting, considering the historic and ongoing use of psychiatric incarceration as a punishment for political or marginalized individuals.
The nature of an institution is to share dehumanizing properties with other institutions. Schools are prisons are mental hospitals, both metaphorically, relationally (school to prison pipeline), and architecturally (soothe and corral). All assume human beings as quantities to be controlled, units in an industry that demands efficiency. Sleep is from the perspective of someone who was meant to have none.
Shower Sim by chrisamaphone
Shower simulator with all the important options. Change temperature! Piss! Masturbate! Keep that annoying shower curtain from clinging to your body!
On Twitter, chrisamaphone said “i was surprised how many different actions/interactions such a tiny system gave rise to”. I love hyper-specific sims like this, so much more interesting than attempting to craft universal systems. Trying to get clean while dealing with angry roommate, fiddling with hot water, and deciding whether to cum (REALISM).
TECHNICIANPC by beefstrong
TECHNICIANPC. Technician NPC. Like most NPCs, you can't really affect the world around you. You're there to observe, rooted to your given zone. In this case, it's a brick spaceship. It has an arcade machine, an oxygen garden, moss pumps, and a storage zone for mysterious creatures.
I really hope beefstrong does more games. He's been making cool art for a while, hyper-saturated plasticine environments oozing goo.
Cyborg Goddess by Kara Stone, Kayte McKnight
Cyborg. Goddess. Two female archetypes. Which will you choose?
Cyborg Goddess has this shimmering spacey across-the-ages veneer especially with the cosmic-sounding music but it's really funny. Collage graphics are ideal for mocking archetypal imagery.
In a related essay, Jasbir Puar writes:
“…would I really rather be a cyborg than a goddess? The former hails the future in a telelogical technological determinism–culture– that seems not only overdetermined but exceptionalizes our current technologies. The latter–nature—is embedded in the racialized matriarchal mythos of feminist reclamation narratives. Certainly it sounds sexier, these days, to lay claim to being a cyborg than a goddess. But why disaggregate the two when there surely must be cyborgian-goddesses in our midst?”
Feminine archetypes, the words I wear like armor. Identities go through cycles: reactions to dominant archetypes, reclaiming, manifesting the invisible, etc. Many archetypes are about uplifting that which is despised. When you're a monster harpy trash garbage babe, being hairy and dirty and messy and loud isn't a negative.
I think a lot of it comes down to flexibility. Female teachers who get fired because someone found out about their past career in sex work. Be a Sex Goddess or be a Mother but don't cross over from one or the other. Archetypes aren't evil, but trapped people inside them and not allowing for contradiction is. A fortress without an exit is a prison.
Contracts $82.5m / 4 Years (2016 - 2019) (Edit)
(Edit) signed by Boston Red Sox on 4/6/2015 (Extension)
2016: $20M, 2017: $20M, 2018: $21M, 2019: $21M
$20M, $20M, $21M, $21M
Signing Bonus: $0.5M
No Trade: Limited
Three teams they can block trades to
Agent / Agency: Jim Murray of Excel Sports Management
Originally Reported By: Alex Speier
Source: twitter.com, Hat Tip: twitter.com
Submitted by matthewyaspan $12.5m / 1 Years (2015) (Edit)
(Edit) signed by Boston Red Sox on 1/16/2015 (Avoided Arbitration)
2015: $12.5M
$12.5M
Agent / Agency: Jim Murray of Excel Sports Management
Originally Reported By: Mike Perchick
Source: twitter.com
Submitted by matthewyaspan $8.5m / 1 Years (2014) (Edit)
(Edit) signed by Detroit Tigers on 1/17/2014 (Avoided Arbitration)
2014: $8.5M
$8.5M
Agent / Agency: Hendricks Sports
Originally Reported By: Joel Sherman
Source: twitter.com, Hat Tip: blessyouboys.com
Submitted by John Benedetto $5.1m / 1 Years (2013) (Edit)
(Edit) signed by Detroit Tigers on 1/18/2013 (Avoided Arbitration)
2013: $5.1M
$5.1M
Source: m.tigers.mlb.com, Hat Tip: hardballtalk.nbcsports.com
Submitted by Bailey Winston $3.1m / 1 Years (2012) (Edit)
(Edit) signed by Detroit Tigers on 1/16/2012 (Avoided Arbitration)
2012: $3.1M
$3.1M
Source: espn.go.com
Submitted by Jeff Zimmerman $0m / 4 Years (2007 - 2010) + 2 Option Years (Edit)
+ 2 Option Years (Edit) signed by Detroit Tigers on 8/14/2007 (Other)
2007: $0.1M, 2008: $1.1M, 2009: $1.2M, 2010: $1M
$0.1M, $1.1M, $1.2M, $1M
2011 Team Option: $1.6M
$1.6M
2012 Team Option: $1.3M
$1.3M
Other Notes: $925,000 annual salary in minor leagues
Source: baseballamerica.com, Hat Tip: sports.espn.go.com
Submitted by Bailey Winston Add New Contract Drafts 2007 June Amateur Draft - Round: 1, Pick: 27, Overall: 27
Team: Detroit Tigers
School: Seton Hall Prep School
Framingham MA — Jack's Abby Craft Lagers is set to release a collaboration brew, Beer Geek Helles, with New England Brewing Company the weekend of July 15th 2016. The beer will be available on draft and in four packs of 16 oz cans throughout Massachusetts, Connecticut, and parts of New York. The release will be celebrated with multiple events in Massachusetts, Connecticut, and New York.
Beer Geek Helles was conceived by the teams at Jack's Abby Craft Lagers and New England Brewing Co. this spring. The beer makes use of custom malts by Stone Path Malt, Nelson Sauvin and Hallertau Blanc hops. The brew itself involved a double decoction mash procedure, a traditional German technique that involves the repeated cooking of the wort.
“We're excited to be able to get to collaborate with a brewery like Jack's Abby whose beer and people are among the best around. The NEB team is really looking forward to drinking some Beer Geek Helles,” says New England Brewing Co. head brewer/partner Matt Westfall.
Jack's Abby head brewer/partner Jack Hendler says, “Collaboration brews are an excellent chance for both parties to bring their best strengths to the table and make something awesome. Working with NEBCo has been a lot of fun and we can't wait to toast to the end result.”
Launch events are as follows:
Thu July 14th: 6:00 pm- Brewer's Fork. Charlestown, MA
6:00 pm- Brewer's Fork. Charlestown, MA Fri July 15th: 8:30 pm- Stoddard's. Boston, MA
8:30 pm- Stoddard's. Boston, MA Mon July 18th: 4:30 pm- Prime 16. New Haven, CT; 7:00 pm- Cask Republic. New Haven, CT
4:30 pm- Prime 16. New Haven, CT; 7:00 pm- Cask Republic. New Haven, CT Tue July 19th: 5:00 pm- Birch Hill. Glastonbury, CT; 7:30- Eli Cannons. Middletown, CT
5:00 pm- Birch Hill. Glastonbury, CT; 7:30- Eli Cannons. Middletown, CT Wed July 20th: 4:00 pm- Haymaker Bar and Kitchen. New York; 4:00 pm- Henry Street Tap Room. Saratoga Springs, NY
4:00 pm- Haymaker Bar and Kitchen. New York; 4:00 pm- Henry Street Tap Room. Saratoga Springs, NY Thu July 21st: 5:00 pm- Deccico's Market. Armonk, NY
5:00 pm- Deccico's Market. Armonk, NY Fri July 22nd: 4:00 pm- The Hops Company. Derby, CT
4:00 pm- The Hops Company. Derby, CT Sat July 23rd: 3:00 pm- The Bier Abbey. Schenectady, NY
3:00 pm- The Bier Abbey. Schenectady, NY Mon July 25th: 6:00 pm- Knuckleheads. Wallingford, CT
6:00 pm- Knuckleheads. Wallingford, CT Sat July 30th: 4:00 pm- The Gate. Brooklyn, NY
About Jack's Abby Craft Lagers
Jack's Abby Craft Lagers is a family-owned craft brewery in Framingham, MA founded by three brothers, Jack, Eric, and Sam Hendler. They are known for focusing entirely on craft lagers, honoring traditional German brewing methods while creating innovative new styles. Through their mission to redefine the American lager, Jack's Abby has become a mainstay of the craft beer scene in the northeast and gained notoriety nationwide. In Fall 2015, Jack's Abby completed a 67,000 sq ft expansion into a new space that included the opening of a restaurant.
About New England Brewing Company
New England Brewing Company is a small craft brewery located in Woodbridge CT right on the border of New Haven. NEBCO is proud to be brewing carefully crafted beers for local consumption.
Cherry has been the dominant switch manufacturer for mechanical keyboards for the best part of 30 years and if this year's CeBIT show is anything to go by, that doesn't look to be changing any time soon. Not only did it have its switches in most boards in attendance, but it's looking to develop a shorter travel switch, for better use in laptops and small form factor designs.
As much as Cherry might be the big name in mechanical switches though, it hasn't iterated on its designs that much over the years. It has its standard switch line up, but the changes have come more from without Cherry than within. Recently, as other manufacturers have been designing their own switches – often we're told, when Cherry cannot meet production demand – we've seen shorter travel switches make appearances.
We reviewed the MX 6.0 last year and quite liked it
We really liked some of them, but Cherry hasn't offered anything like that just yet. That may not be the case for long though, as getting its switches into some of the mechanical-equipped notebooks out there is important for Cherry and cutting back on travel distance can mean fitting them into much thinner frames.
For now though, full-travel mechanical notebooks are available. MSI was seen at CeBIT showing off one such design, known as the Titan.
Discuss on our Facebook page, HERE.
KitGuru Says: I'm a big fan of Cherry MX Brown switches for just about anything, but if Cherry can make a comfortable, central-LED, RGB, tactile mechanical switch, with low travel distance, it could well take the crown.
Gold nanoparticles used for drug delivery could disrupt a woman's fertility
(Nanowerk News) One of the biggest ideas in treating disease involves material so small it isnt even visible. Miniscule gold particles  the size of several atoms  are being touted as vehicles to send drugs exactly where they are needed in the body, minimizing side effects and the dosage needed.
But a recent UWM study ("Low-dose gold nanoparticles exert subtle endocrine-modulating effects on the ovarian steroidogenic pathway ex vivo independent of oxidative stress") has found that while engineered gold nanoparticles are attractive for smart drug delivery, they come with a downside: great potential to disrupt a womans fertility.
Were calling them an emerging class of novel endocrine disruptors, said Reinhold Hutz, professor of biological sciences. This study is the first one to look at toxic effects of gold nanoparticles in living ovarian tissue, so its very early evidence.
Endocrine disruptors are chemicals that, even in trace amounts, confuse the complicated hormonal messaging system, altering or interrupting a wide range of normal cell activities.
They include pesticides, plasticizers in food containers and flame retardants applied to clothing. Each can be toxic to humans in different ways.
The UWM study was one of the first to investigate nanoparticles as endocrine disruptors.
Nanoparticles are everywhere
Understanding how gold nanoparticles affect the body is important because they are beginning to be used for drug delivery in humans, said Jeremy Larson, a former masters student in the Department of Biological Sciences who conducted much of the research.
Also, nanoparticles of various materials, not just gold, are becoming more prevalent as ingredients in consumer products ranging from food packaging to personal care items, like sunscreens.
Larson determined that gold nanoparticles affected production of progesterone, a sex steroid hormone that affects the production of estrogen and testosterone. Though the change was subtle, they said, it was detected at an amount that is 200,000-fold lower than the dose for clinical use.
The biochemical pathway we evaluated, called steroidogenesis, is huge, said Larson. It doesnt just include progesterone and estrogen production, but also production of stress hormones and other products, depending on the tissue type.
That means it is possible that nanoparticles may cause changes in bodily functions other than reproduction that involve estrogen, such as the immune system and brain functioning.
Hutz and Larson worked on the study with Michael Carvans toxicology lab at UWMs School of Freshwater Sciences. Carvans lab and the Childrens Environmental Health Sciences Core Center provided the funding.
Smaller nanoparticles may do more damage
Larson, Carvan and Hutz limited their study to the effects in ovarian tissue, but other studies in rats have shown that gold nanoparticles deposited in male reproductive organs can alter testosterone.
Much more research is needed to determine a more comprehensive picture of the health impacts of nanoparticles. That work will take time, Hutz said.
Because nanoparticles all vary in size, composition and behavior, they will have to be investigated one at a time, they said.
Another obstacle to studying nanoparticles is that at the atomic scale, molecules behave differently than they would in bulk.
There are levels of complexity, Larson said. Typically, the smaller the nanoparticle, the greater its potential to interact with the environment.
Hutz believes the particles might be less harmful if their chemical structures were modified to limit their activity within the cells.
The game goes in cycles. Some enterprising manager from Barcelona or Buenos Aires or Bavaria takes a look at the game, figures out the angles, understands the rhythms, and comes up with a new approach to an old problem. Maybe it's tiki-taka, or maybe it's total football. Maybe it's parking the bus, or it's hoof-and-run.
Maybe, as is the case in this day and age, it's gegenpressing -- a tactical philosophy born out of its predecessors, and aimed like an arrow at the dominant stylistic tendencies of the great teams from the end of the last decade and the first few years of this current one. Barcelona (and Spain) dominated by routinely holding 60 percent or more of the ball, and you just couldn't beat them by playing that way. What you could do -- what you must do -- is turned them over in bad spots, then hit them as hard and directly as you can. Don't focus at all on the possession battle, because you'll lose it. Focus on the turnover battle, and win it.
This was not a cure-all for bottling up those Barça/Spain teams on the club or international level, but high pressure and straight-line, physical attacks provided better outcomes than the bunker. Especially once Xavi got old -- the man and the system were intertwined -- in the summer of 2013. Brazil embarrassed Spain in the Confederations Cup final that year, and we all remember what happened at the following summer's World Cup. La Furia Roja haven't been a dominant team since then, and while Barça have kept winning, they bear only a passing resemblance to the glory days of 2008 through 2012.
The thought processes behind those glory days trickled down, as stuff that works is wont to do. Gegenpressing, naturally, has not been far behind in spreading to the four corners of the soccer globe.
That includes MLS:
Back in 2013, if you didn't have most of the ball you had mostly nothing. Only one of the league's top 10 possession teams missed the playoffs (D.C. United), and their share of possession was due much more to game states than any sort of stylistic or tactical dogma.
This year, we're up to five of the top 10 lurking below the red line. There is hardly any correlation between possession and position in the table and while 2016's sample size is not sufficient to draw a sweeping conclusion, it's noteworthy that this year does seem to continue a trend away from the "winning possession is half the battle" ethos of the early 2010s. Last year, for example, three of the top 10 possession teams missed the playoffs, while FC Dallas and Vancouver Whitecaps -- second and third in the standings -- finished 17th and 19th in possession, respectively.
MLS has evolved quite a bit in a fairly short timespan. That will surely continue.
On to Week 7's slate:
Lord Snow
And so Jermaine Jones made their debut as a Colorado Rapid, and naturally they did it in a springtime blizzard, skating on three inches of snow. And naturally they played as a true No. 10, freed of any tactical responsibility or positional need. For 90 minutes, Pablo Mastroeni freed Jones of any id the latter may have been harboring, and it was truly glorious.
Jones had a goal and an assist in Colorado's 2-1 win over the New York Red Bulls on Saturday. It was not pretty or elegant or beautiful, but it was effective. They chewed up swathes of ground with athleticism that no other central midfielder in this league (and few in the world) can match, constantly pressuring the fragile RBNY backline and alternating between lurking under a lone forward and tracking all the way back to the defense.
It was soccer as Jones has, I suspect, always felt it should be played.
Here is Colorado's network passing map, which is constructed using Opta data:
The circles represent the aggregate position of the player, while the lines connecting them represent the number of passes exchanged. Jones is No. 13.
It's right to marvel at this performance. Jones has played most of their career as a box-to-box midfielder, and much of the rest as a defensive midfielder. He's been tried in central defense by Blackburn Rovers, the New England Revolution and the US national team. He's 34 and has never scored more than a handful of goals in a season -- truly an old dog learning new tricks, surrounded by a team almost everyone (including yours truly) wrote off before the season started. So they bagged a goal with a clinical run-and-finish to open the scoring, then played a one-time through-ball that closed it.
Xavi themselves would have admired the weight on that pass.
FINAL-Rapids 2, Red Bulls 1. Jermaine Jones shines in their Rapids debut, & dominates in the snow yet again. #SnowKing pic.twitter.com/0VEkMfP4qC — Ives Galarcep (@SoccerByIves) April 17, 2016
Between him, Chris Klute and Ned Grabavoy, the Portland front office deserves some dap for their offseason.
5. The Quakes deserve some dap for theirs, too. They weren't great on Saturday, but they made Portland sweat well into second-half stoppage time. And on Wednesday they left no doubt in a 2-0 win over the tail-spinning Red Bulls.
Shea Salinas has been nearly unplayable on the wing, and their left-footed cross to Chris Wondolowski had a good argument for Pass of the Week.
4. It didn't win Pass of the Week, though. That's reserved for Yura Movsisyan for this delightful lay-off to Luke Mulholland in RSL's 1-0 win over Vancouver on Saturday:
Now imagine what happens if it's Javier Morales receiving that pass.
RSL remain the league's only unbeaten team...
3. And Columbus Crew SC are no longer the league's only winless team following Saturday's 3-2 win over NYCFC. Columbus put on a vintage attacking display, repeatedly punishing both Light Blues fullbacks whenever they overlapped. Ethan Finlay gave Ronald Matarrita a particularly torrid time on that side of the pitch.
2. My video analysis Lee Nguyen's performance against Orlando City in Sunday's 2-2 draw is embedded at the top of the page. Nguyen was great, and if they keep playing like this the goals will come for them and the Revs.
As for OCSC, the difference once Larin and Kevin Molino came on at the hour mark was noticeable. The Lions are one of the few teams in MLS that really wants to create chances via possession, and it's easier to conjure those with Larin & Molino opening space on the wing for Kaká:
OCSC were all over the ball in the last half hour.
1. And finally, I wrote about a pair of target forwards doing big things for Canadian clubs. Didier Drogba had the equalizer in Montreal's eventual 2-1 win at Chicago -- a goal that broke a nearly seven-hour shutout streak for the Fire -- while Jozy Altidore had the game-winning assist in Toronto FC's 1-0 win at RFK over D.C.
That TFC game also gave us our Face of the Week:
.@MLSAnalyst best I can do during a press conference. pic.twitter.com/IgXq4S6PAa — Pablo Maurer (@MLSist) April 16, 2016
Will Johnson is a national treasure in two countries.
With its standing up for the rights of individuals in the digital world, The Pirate Party is far from a traditional political movement. If you needed proof, just look at what its UK arm is doing – crowdsourcing its policies on Reddit in a project called Steal This Manifesto.
The Policy 2011 page on Reddit is designed to let the public suggest policy ideas for the party to consider for the year ahead. As with any Reddit page, users can vote ideas up and down. It's a very 21st Century way of pooling ideas, and while it's unlikely that more established parties would go down the same route, the lively and savvy Reddit audience is probably a good fit for the Pirate Party.
Following on from the recent success of the Pirate Party in Berlin, other groups in the movement around the world are looking to replicate this by getting elected to positions of power.
In our recent interview with Pirate Party UK leader Loz Kaye, we discussed the difficulty that the Pirate Party has with establishing a clear policy line on issues beyond things like Internet piracy and copyright law. What should the Pirate Party believe when it comes to education or law and order? This open approach could help identify popular policies among members.
The Reddit-based project runs until 3 November 2011.
Read next: Google opens Gmail up to the developing world with feature-phone signup
We are in the midst of MotoGP's winter testing ban but work never stops in race departments across the globe. This is what the big six have planned for 2017
The 2016 MotoGP championship was a season of technical transformation. There will be no big rules shake-up in 2017 but the factories are still hard at work getting to grips with last season's changes.
Most factories describe their 2017 priorities thus: better turning and better corner-exit performance. In other words they are still getting their heads around the Michelins. In the Bridgestone era, the way to make a race-winning lap time was on corner entry; now the place to make a lap time is from mid-corner to the exit.
One reason the factories struggled to adapt to the Michelins during 2016 was because the tyres kept changing. Michelin had to learn on the hoof, frequently bringing new tyre specs to races, which required different bike settings. That should be less of an issue in 2017 because Michelin engineers have a full season of knowhow, so they know where to go with constructions and compounds.
At last month's Valencia GP I sat down with one rider and one engineer from each factory – Aprilia, Ducati, Honda, KTM, Suzuki and Yamaha – to find out what they're doing to their bikes in their efforts to win the 2017 MotoGP crown.
Aprilia
Aprilia's tiny race department (seven engineers!) made consistent forward steps during 2016, most significantly with a revised frame, introduced in September, which took some load off the front and gave better rear traction. That's why Alvaro Bautista finished in the top 10 at six of the last seven races.
Aprilia's race director Romano Albesiano has several priorities to make the RS-GP more competitive: better braking and turning, improved chassis balance (to save the tyres) and more rpm and horsepower.
Centre of gravity will be raised by lifting the RS-GP engine to increase weight transfer for better braking and improved cornering. Albesiano also wants more rpm, more over-rev (so riders can hold a gear between corners and save a shift) and more horsepower, although the V4 is far from slow. At Sepang the RS-GP was only 2.5 mph/3.8kmh slower than the fastest bike, a Ducati at 201.6mph.
Ducati
Ducati won two races during 2016 and now the Bologna brand takes the next step towards winning back the title they won in 2007. Jorge Lorenzo's arrival might just do that but what parts of the Desmosedici need improving?
Ducati's doldrum years were largely attributable to a front-end turning problem. And guess what? They've got one again, although it's less severe and subtly different. The Desmosedici doesn't turn as well as the Honda and Yamaha in the crucial mid-corner phase, when the rider releases the brake and tries to get the bike turned. Ducati Corse chief Gigi Dall'Igna thinks frame flex is the issue.
In theory, the winglets ban should affect Ducati more than anyone else, which is why the company had its star test rider Casey Stoner testing without wings back in August. But although a wingless Ducati should lose some acceleration, the loss of downforce increases top speed and makes the bike quicker in direction changing, another issue during 2016.
Honda
Once upon a time in GP racing Honda always had the best top speeds. That's not been the case since Ducati joined MotoGP, but Honda has always been there or thereabouts. Not so last season. During October's Sepang GP the RC213V was fourth fastest, behind the Ducati, Suzuki and Yamaha.
The problem wasn't so much lack of horsepower as lack of software that could tame the RCV's ‘screamer' engine. Previously Honda had the best rider aids, using Formula 1 technology, but Dorna's lower-tech traction control had the RCV overshooting the slip-ratio target and coming back too strongly, while the lower-tech wheelie control was too basic to keep the bike stable.
That's why Honda is switching to a friendlier ‘big-bang' engine, with revised firing intervals, to reduce wheelspin and wheelies. Honda introduced the ‘big bang' concept to GP racing in the early 1990s; 20 years after HRC guru Youichi Oguma first had the idea, when they built an off-road CB175 twin with both cylinders firing at same time, to gain more traction.
Marc Marquez thinks the new engine is a step in the right direction, because all they want for 2017 is better corner-exit performance. Incredibly, the reigning champion will probably continue with a revised 2014-spec chassis because it still gives them excellent confidence. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
KTM
KTM seems to be doing everything right, so far. The Austrian manufacturer timed its MotoGP development phase perfectly, coinciding with the introduction of Dorna's unified software and Michelin tyres. It was also a good idea to race at Valencia, to acquire actual race data before the offseason.
Valencia taught KTM engineers one big lesson: they have a serious lack of mechanical grip on corner exits. This was the main issue that kept test rider Mika Kallio two seconds off the pace. Frame and swingarm stiffness are the suspects. KTM are working on this, in cooperation with chassis partner Kalex.
The RC16 is now the only MotoGP bike with a ‘screamer' engine configuration, but so far KTM engineers are delighted with the engine, which they say has “a fantastic character”.
Suzuki
Suzuki made the breakthrough last season, scoring its first-ever MotoGP victory in the dry. The GSX-RR is now pretty much fully competitive, with arguably MotoGP's best-steering chassis and excellent engine performance. At Sepang the GSX-RR was second fastest at 201.1mph/323.7km/h, just behind the Ducati and ahead of the Yamaha at 200.2mph, the Honda at 199.6mph/321.4km/h and the Aprilia at 199.2mph/320.7km/h.
The bike's chassis is more front-end oriented than its rivals, which is why Suzuki adapted to Michelins more easily than most. It's significant that Maverick Vinales was the only top rider to crash fewer times last season with Michelins than they did with Bridgestones in 2015.
Suzuki engineers need to keep working in the same direction, fine-tuning the chassis and eking a little more performance from the inline-four engine. Their biggest job is to improve electronics settings, especially traction control in the wet.
Yamaha
Last season was one of Yamaha's poorest in MotoGP. The YZR-M1 is still a neutral, rider-friendly bike but it often worked worse with the Michelins than any other bike. That's what Yamaha must fix and it's a big ask.
Top of the to-do list is sorting out how the M1 transfers load, into corners, through corners and out of corners. Last season Yamaha riders couldn't get the bike balanced for optimum front load on entry and optimum rear load on exit. Usually they ended up with too little front load, which is why Jorge Lorenzo and Valentino Rossi lost the front so often, or too little rear load, which gave lots of wheelspin, which Dorna's unified software couldn't exorcise. Yamaha engineers also need to adjust engine character to reduce wheelspin and fine-tune the traction control to save the rear tyre for the latter half of races
Finally, they will focus on improving mid-corner turning. It should be noted that although Michelin came in for a lot of criticism last season, corner speeds were higher than they'd ever been.
Coffee drinking was associated with lower risk of type 2 diabetes, liver disease, some cancers and death in general.
It seems every other day there's a new report about whether drinking coffee is good for you or not.
Now, a review of more than 200 scientific studies has given weight to the idea that a cup a day — or even three — could actually have health benefits.
Although researchers don't know why.
Coffee can be a controversial beverage for the health conscious, thanks to conflicting studies and health claims. For every person who swears off it for fears it will dehydrate them or give them cancer there's someone else using it to supercharge their naps, mixing it with butter in a bid to lose weight or trying to stave off heart attack and stroke.
The review, published today in the BMJ, aimed to dispel some of that confusion, synthesising the evidence from 218 previous studies and drawing out common themes.
The verdict: researchers found drinking coffee was consistently associated with a lower risk of death from all causes and a lower risk of several cancers, as well as type 2 diabetes, gallstones and gout.
Liver conditions, such as cirrhosis, saw the greatest benefit associated with coffee consumption.
There also seemed to be beneficial associations between coffee consumption and Parkinson's disease, depression and Alzheimer's disease.
So is caffeine the magic ingredient? Probably not; while there was less evidence for the effects of drinking decaf, it did have similar benefits for several outcomes.
As for how many long blacks you should glug to get these benefits, researchers found three cups a day was the sweet spot when it came to relative risk of death compared with coffee abstainers.
Drinking more than that wouldn't harm you, they found, but the beneficial effect was less pronounced.
But, before you run out to the cafe ...
But before you race out for another foam-topped shot, the researchers found there were some groups of people who should approach coffee with caution.
There was some thin evidence that pregnant women and women at risk of fracture should limit their coffee consumption.
While the review was extensive, it's not the final word on the benefits or otherwise on coffee drinking. Rather, it's a gateway for more research.
The authors called for randomised controlled trials to understand the cause-and-effect of coffee drinking and the health benefits that have been observed.
And not all experts are completely sold on coffee enhancing health.
In an editorial linked to the review, Eliseo Guallar at the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health writes that people shouldn't start drinking coffee simply to prevent disease, given that some people are at higher risk of adverse affects and there is still uncertainty in the data.
The sugary, fatty snacks that go so well with coffee could undo any health benefits conferred by coffee and more besides, they said.
Having said that, "moderate coffee consumption seems remarkably safe, and it can be incorporated as part of a healthy diet by most of the adult population", Dr Guallar said.
“If you are self-motivated, wow, this world is tailored for you. The boundaries are all gone ... There will be fewer limits, but also fewer guarantees. Your specific contribution will define your specific benefits much more. Just showing up will not cut it.”
Regular New York Times readers may recognize this passage, with its gee-whiz enthusiasm for unbridled “individual aspiration and persistence,” as the product of flat-world enthusiast Thomas Friedman. This particular column, from April, starts with Friedman's admonition that, “we now live in a 401(k) world ... where everyone needs to pass the bar exam and no one can escape the most e-mailed list.”
Advertisement:
It's easy (and fun!) to mock Friedman for their bizarre mixed metaphors, their apparent reliance on the taxi drivers of the world for insights into foreign relations and, yes, their silly, silly mustache. But their vision of the U.S. economy is authentically frightening because at bottom it reflects conventional wisdom that's accepted uncritically by many of the nation's agenda-setting pundits and politicians.
The central premise of much of Friedman's writing is that technological forces beyond our control have created a world where we all have to work harder, learn more and be more creative, but if we do, we can achieve things unimaginable to previous generations. That's a pretty attractive thought, particularly for anyone who hasn't had to work too hard to achieve things so far. For a lot of working-class people, though, the Friedman worldview represents a fun-house mirror version of a much more depressing daily reality.
Like Friedman, Karl Tiedemann, who lives down the street from me in Nashua, N.H., sees the next generation inheriting a very different economy from the one they grew up in. They see it up close. They and their wife now have three of their kids and two other 20-somethings living with them because they don't have the money to get their own places.
Karl moved out of their parents' house at 17. For a while, they painted houses. Sometimes he'd get in an argument with a boss at a worksite and just walk away.
“Back then, I used to go job to job,” they said. “I would quit and I'd have a job the same day, or the next morning.”
Then, in 1988, when they were 22, they got a job in the maintenance department at St. Joseph Hospital in Nashua. At first, they said, they didn't know much about the hospital's mechanical systems, but they learned on the job and took classes. Today, they test emergency systems, works with contractors and sits in on meetings with higher-ups to talk about the physical plant.
Advertisement:
“I have a boss but they leaf me alone,” they said. “I know what I need to get done.”
Friedman says that today everyone needs to “find their extra — their unique value contribution that makes them stand out in whatever is their field of employment.” Karl said that's a fair way to describe what's expected of new hires in their department. On the rare occasions that someone leaves one of the coveted jobs, they said, “They're looking for people that are more qualified than what they need for that job.”
Karl's job has paid enough for their wife to be a stay-at-home mom, and to support their three stepkids and their biological daughter. But when the kids left home in their late teens, their story was different. Over the years that followed, several of them, along with their own children and significant others, ended up moving back in with Karl and their wife. At one point, they had eight adults and three kids packed into a three-bedroom apartment with one bathroom.
These days, Karl owns a six-bedroom house on a tiny dead-end street that they and their brother renovated from a duplex to a single unit. Some of the young people have moved out, but others have moved in. They have two daughters, a son, a grandson, a young woman who's a close family friend and their boyfriend and daughter living in the house with them and their wife. On most summer afternoons, some of the group gather outside the front door, along with various friends and family members who stop by. On chairs arranged on the tiny front porch and in the narrow street in front of it, they chat, smoke and tease each other mercilessly.
Advertisement:
One recent afternoon, one of the young women living in the house told Karl they wouldn't know what to do once all their temporary housemates move out. “I'm going to remove bedrooms so you can't come back,” they answered with a grin.
Karl does worry they'll keep coming back, because, for the most part, the work young people in their family have found is low-paid service-sector jobs. And here's where Karl's view of the world really diverges from Friedman's. The columnist basically defines these jobs out of existence.
“There is increasingly no such thing as a high-wage, middle-skilled job — the thing that sustained the middle class in the last generation,” Friedman writes. “Now there is only a high-wage, high-skilled job. Every middle-class job today is being pulled up, out or down faster than ever. That is, it either requires more skill or can be done by more people around the world or is being buried — made obsolete — faster than ever.”
Advertisement:
It's a subtle sleight of-hand that draws on things we all know — lots of decent working-class jobs have left the country or been automated out of existence. The twist is that they act like this is true of all low- to middle-skilled jobs. Factories are increasingly automated, iPhones are made in China, a table-side console could replace waiters, and, voilà, the only work remaining in the country is being a super-innovative techie of some sort.
This is not an oversight. Friedman doesn't ignore low-wage jobs just because they're beneath their notice. Pretending that they simply don't exist is the product of a worldview that treats corporate decisions, and government support for corporate needs, as a fact of nature: Decent jobs that demand little formal training haven't been transformed into bad jobs by the erosion of the minimum wage, the decline of unions and the upward redistribution of companies' budgets. They've simply disappeared in a puff of technology.
In reality, of course, there are lots of low- and middle-skilled jobs. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, four of the five projected fastest-growing jobs between 2010 and 2020 — retail salespersons, home health aides, personal care aides and general office clerks — don't demand a college degree. (Friedman might be surprised to hear that the exception is not high-tech start-up founders but registered nurses.)
Advertisement:
These kinds of jobs — varied, hands-on work dealing with live human customers — are probably some of the things advanced technology is least equipped to deal with. But the typical annual wages for those four fast-growing jobs are all below $27,000. Three of them pay less than $21,000.
As Karl and their family could tell you, that's not enough.
Sarahann Gorham moved into Karl's place in April with their boyfriend and 4-year-old daughter. They said living there has been a “kind of grace period” for the family. She's grateful to Karl, whom they think of as an uncle although they aren't blood relatives, for taking them in, giving them a room with low rent where they've been able to save some money.
Sarahann's work history is the polar opposite of Friedman's vision of the economy in some ways: low-tech work running cash registers, cleaning hotel rooms and moving furniture, among other things. They started working at 16, taking shifts at the Dollar Tree for as much as 20 hours a week after school and on the weekends.
Advertisement:
At 28, Sarahann has had at least nine jobs (more on their story can be read here). That's the part that fits with Friedman's narrative — a world where no one can count on a long-term relationship with an employer. In fact, one of Sarahann's favorite jobs was the sort of thing they delight in describing, a call center that took drive-through customers' orders from Wendy's restaurants all over the country. Having never had a chance to travel, they liked hearing customers' different accents.
“It almost made you feel like you were there,” they said.
They said they liked their co-workers too. “I would probably still be there, but they ended up packing and moving to Delaware,” they said. “We come in one day, and they said at the end of the week you can find new employment or move with us.”
That job notwithstanding, most of the time Sarahann hasn't left their jobs because they went offshore or were taken by robots. They have never been paid enough to afford a car, so whenever she's moved she's had to find a job they can walk or take a bus to. They left one position, as a housekeeper at a Holiday Inn, when they were eight and a half months pregnant and the walking, bus riding and physical work got to be too much.
Advertisement:
In any case, for workers like Sarahann, staying in a job long-term isn't a particularly good strategy for getting by. “You could be in customer service your whole life, but you're still going to make the minimum,” they said.
“Finding your extra” and being self-motivated look a lot different to Sarahann than to Friedman. The best way she's found to differentiate themselves is working night shifts. By skipping sleep, she's sometimes been able to make $13 an hour instead of $7.25. Other kinds of advancement have been elusive. Getting to a management position at the jobs she's held means a supervisor has to leave, and that doesn't happen often.
“It kind of makes you feel crappy, especially if you try to put in 110 percent and it goes unnoticed,” they said.
Today, Sarahann is receiving disability benefits after being diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression and anxiety. She's glad they worked for so many years, and paid into the Social Security system so they can get the benefits now, but they think the night shifts and the instability created by not having enough money exacerbated their mental illness.
Advertisement:
The stories of other people in Karl's house echo Sarahann's experiences. Karl's daughter, Ashleigh Tiedemann, is 23 and has a 3-year-old son. Last year, they were working three jobs: 40 hours a week at Home Depot, 20 at Honey Baked Ham, “and then whatever I could pick up at Shaws,” they said
Many days they worked from 6 a.m. to 11 p.m., didn't sleep much, and saw their son even less. Eventually, they reduced their schedule to just working the full-time job at Home Depot. At a starting rate of $9.30 an hour, it paid better than either of the others.
Like their father, they made a point of learning on the job. “Home Depot wants people with experience,” they said. “I walked in and I wanted to learn everything ... The more you know, the more secure you are.”
Still, even paying just $300 a month to their father for rent, and despite the fact that their son's dad takes care of them three days a week, they spend everything they make on the basics. “As soon as I get my paycheck, it's gone,” they said.
Advertisement:
I asked Ashleigh what they think when someone says that poor people just need to work harder, or get better training.
“I think that they're ignorant,” they said. “I think they're very ignorant. A lot of those people are people that were just handed things.”
Among them, they said, is their grandmother, who worked for years at a Massachusetts Air Force base. “She's slowly coming to the realization that it's not that easy for us,” Ashleigh said. “I don't know one person that wouldn't switch places with my dad in a second.”
Like Friedman, Sarahann and Ashleigh believe in education as a way to a better life. They plan on insisting their kids go to college, though they don't know how they'll pay for it. They're also both thinking of going back to school themselves when their kids are a little older, but they're struggling with the cost-benefit analysis. College would mean a lot of debt, and no guarantee of a job.
Advertisement:
A best-case scenario might be represented by Sarahann's friend Julie, who stopped by Karl's porch one day recently and delivered a profanity-laced rant about their job.
“I wipe butt for a living,” they explained to me, cleaning up their language a bit.
Julie started working at a nursing home eight years ago, making $10.50 an hour. They took a training course and got their license as a nursing aide, and their pay is now up to $11.69. She's considering taking an eight-week, $1,400 class to take the next step up their career ladder. Them time and money are both limited, but, between car payment, gas and childcare, what she's making now is barely enough for them and their two kids. And they don't pay rent.
“I'm 28 years old, and I live with my mother,” they said.
And Julie's job is one of the fastest-growing kinds in the economy.
For individuals, it's true that getting better educated is usually a reasonably good plan for better wages. Unemployment is far lower for college graduates than the less-educated, and they make significantly more money, although real pay for young college grads is on the decline.
On a societal basis, things look a little different. The U.S. economy could probably benefit from a certain number of workers getting more education. But that can only go so far. As the workforce becomes more educated, the wage premium that a degree offers tends to fall thanks to good old-fashioned supply and demand.
There's also no real reason to think that high-skilled jobs are more stable than any others. Lawyers' work can probably be automated as easily as waiters'. And robots will have a hard time replacing the aides in a nursing home. If higher education becomes universal, maybe it will be MBAs wiping butts.
The really easy thing to do about low-wage jobs is blame people for having them — for not going to college, for having a child while poor, for just not having enough individual aspiration and persistence. The hard thing is to wrap our minds around the idea that low wages aren't the natural product of a (mythical) free market but of business and government decisions.
Talking about expensive colleges and tight-fisted employers, Sarahann sighed and said they worry maybe she's being paranoid. But, they said, “Sometimes I feel like they make it hard on purpose.”
Given their inclination to treat powerful interests as a force of nature, that's a statement Friedman might not understand. But when it comes to treating their workers decently, maybe there's an argument to be made that corporations need to find their extra.
Top-100 rising junior wide receiver Kendrell Scurry of Independence High School in Thompson's Station, Tenn., announced Tuesday on their Twitter account that they have decommitted from Tennessee.
The 6-foot-3, 185-pound Scurry had been committed to the Vols since July, but they announced in early March that they had decided to "open up my recruitment" while remaining committed to Tennessee following the departure of former wide receivers coach Zach Azzanni.
Since then, Scurry has added scholarship offers from several other schools, including Penn State, South Carolina, Kentucky, Missouri, Mississippi State, Georgia Tech, Louisville, Purdue, Cincinnati and Wake Forest.
Scurry is ranked by 247Sports as the nation's No. 81 overall prospect and No. 17 wide receiver in the 2019 class and the No. 3 rising junior from the state of Tennessee.
Thanks to all for the support and no interviews! pic.twitter.com/YGW1AZGEkJ — Kendrell Scurry (@D1Scurry) May 30, 2017
(Want the latest scoop on Tennessee football and basketball? Make sure you're in the loop — take five seconds to sign up for our FREE Vols newsletter now!)
The Vols now are left with three early commitments for the 2019 class — including Scurry's teammate, Top247 wide receiver TJ Sheffield, who has referred to themselves as a soft Tennessee commitment since March.
Lecturers at Bonn University had set up a mock archaeological dig at a building site on campus to teach hopeful historians digging techniques. What they did not expect to find were the 2,000-year-old foundations of a building, nestled into the dense, clayish mud.
While the initial discovery was made in March, it was only in the past fortnight that the team realised the foundations were from a temple from the Roman era, the floor of which was scattered with broken pottery dating as far back as 800 BC.
The building, which could have been part of a wealthy country estate, was 6.75 metres wide and 7.5 metres long. It was probably made from wood or clay, but roof tiles and iron nails that matched other second century Roman buildings were fished out of the rubble.
Only one similar temple – a room surrounded by an enclosed walkway – has been found in that part of North Rhine-Westphalia. Builders uncovered a larger version while constructing the Bonn World Congress Centre in 2006.
Historians had previously thought that the only settlement in that area from the time was near the Rhine. But Dr Frank Rumscheid, archaeology professor at the university, said that the temple suggests people lived away from the lush river banks, in what is now the Poppelsdorf campus area, some kilometres back from the water.
Work is set to continue on the dig site, but when the excavation is complete and everything worth inspecting has been taken to the university laboratories, the site will be filled in and building work will continue.
“There's not enough there to completely lift the foundations out and create a replica,” said Rumscheid. But they added that further archaeological investigation of the Poppelsdorf site could turn up more interesting finds.
The Local/jcw
It is a happy day in family-friendly Elmhurst. School has adjourned for the summer and throngs of children can be found in City Centre — also known as Uptown. The kids are going to the movies at York Theater, stopping in Main Street Candy & Toys and playing in the Millennium Fountain.
But Elmhurst is not just for kids. There's plenty to do here, so it is best to start early.
Morning
NuCrepes (115 W. Schiller Court, 630-577-7558, NuCrepes.com) is a tasty choice for breakfast — or lunch or a snack. It is located in City Centre, a block from the train station in a downstairs venue. The wait staff is friendly and helpful explaining the offerings. The menu includes sweet, savory, and breakfast crepes.
I take a small bite of the Campfire crepe filled with marshmallows, chocolate, graham cracker, Biscoff and dark chocolate sauce. Now s'mores will never be the same for me, because this is really amazing.
I walk down York Street and wander through a group of tweens as I pass the Classic Cinemas York Theatre (150 N. York St., 630-834-0675, classiccinemas.com/).
There are quite a few boutiques in the area and they offer a nice selection of clothing, accessories and gifts. I browse a few locations, including redE Boutique (146 N. York St., 630-834-7333, redeboutique.myshopify.com/). The store carries stylish clothing and accessories. Nearby, Hazyl Boutique (106 W. 2nd St., 630-359-3833, hazylboutique.com) is another shop for clothing, accessories and gifts. Some of the offerings include soaps made with goat milk, bath bombs and scented candles.
The Uptown Shop (129 N. York St., 630-832-9200, uptownshop.com) also has a big selection of gifts including home accessories and greeting cards. The store will wrap your gift for you.
Main Street Candy & Toys (123 N. York St, 630-415-3195, mainstreetcandyandtoys.com) is a family-owned company based in Elmhurst. The store offers make-it and take-it classes as well as a variety of toys and candy.
Nancy Coltun Webster/Naperville Sun Mary Moy-Gregg, owner of OMG! Brunch and Boutique. Mary Moy-Gregg, owner of OMG! Brunch and Boutique. (Nancy Coltun Webster/Naperville Sun)
It is relaxing to walk through the downtown to window shop and wander in to a store to chat with the friendly retailers. Each one greeted me with a smile.
Afternoon
OMG! Brunch and Boutique (105 S. York Road, Suite A100, 630-501-0323, www.iluvomg.com) is a delightful spot to break for lunch. Owner Mary Moy-Gregg is on-site and sits with me to chat while l enjoy and devour my ample plate of French Toast topped with strawberries and an elegant dollop of fresh whipped cream.
Moy-Gregg, a longtime resident of Elmhurst, served in 1995 as the executive director of Elmhurst Art Museum (150 Cottage Hill Ave., 630-834-0202, elmhurstartmuseum.org/). In 2011, a year after their husband Richard passed away, Moy-Gregg said they were inspired to create a restaurant experience that would also reflect their philanthropic spirit and support of the arts. The walls of OMG! Brunch and Boutique are filled with original artwork for sale by local artists. There is a sister location OMG! Cafe, 390 W. Front St., Wheaton.
The weather is great today, so after brunch, I walk over to the Elmhurst History Museum (120 E. Park Ave., 630-833-1457, elmhursthistory.org). It is located just a block or so from City Centre and the train.
I open the door and I am greeted immediately by a group of men who are busy assembling the new exhibit "Disco Demolition: The Night Disco Died." The exhibit runs through Oct. 8.
"Many of the artifacts are from Steve Dahl's collection and from their fans as well," said Lance Tawzer, curator of exhibits.
Tawzer tells me one of the items in the exhibit is the Hamer electric guitar "made especially for Steve. They played it in the Teenage Radiation Band."
I ask if I can take a look at the guitar. My inner 16-year-old rock 'n roller is blown away as I remember cheering the cause of the Insane Coho Lips Anti-Disco Army.
Nancy Coltun Webster/Naperville Sun The lower level of the Lizzadro Museum of Lapidary Art features a Rock and Mineral Experience with 26 exhibits. The lower level of the Lizzadro Museum of Lapidary Art features a Rock and Mineral Experience with 26 exhibits. (Nancy Coltun Webster/Naperville Sun)
History buffs may also enjoy a quick stop at the Elmhurst Post Office (154 W. Park Ave., 630-833-5375, uspspostoffices.com/il/elmhurst/elmhurst) to view a George Melville mural. This mural is called "There Was a Vision," and it depicts the early history of Elmhurst. Commissioned by the U.S. Treasury Dept.'s Section of Fine Arts, the mural was hung in the post office in 1937.
I hop back in the car as I make my way to the Lizzadro Museum of Lapidary Art (220 S. Cottage Hill Ave, 630-833-1616, lizzadromuseum.org). It is located in Wilder Park next door to Wilder Mansion and the Wilder Park Conservatory (225 Prospect Ave., 630-993-8900, www.epd.org/facilities/wilder-park-conservatory).
The lapidary museum was founded by Joseph Lizzadro, a local electrical contractor who collected, cut and polished stones. Later they began to collect jade, amber, ivory and other carvings and gemstones. The Lizzadro Museum has exhibits on two floors and a gift shop on the lower level.
The main level features beautiful jade carvings as well as an ivory Last Supper carved in Italy in the 19th century. There is a small hands-on exhibit rock hounds of all ages will appreciate. You can press a button and a map of Illinois lights up to show where certain types of rocks, gems or minerals are found.
The Wilder Conservatory is just steps away from the Museum and it is easy to take a walk through the outdoor gardens.
As I turn a corner and walk towards a tented area, I stumble on the last thing I expected to see in a conservatory — a literal pile of 13-year-old boys are lounging in the shade like giant puppies, with arms and legs tangled across each other's backs and bellies. Their bikes are laying askew in the grass nearby and they don't notice me as they chatter happily about school and video games.
The scene truly underscores the family-friendly setting of this town.
One of the nice local features is the free Elmhurst Express Trolley (elmhursthistory.org/193/Elmhurst-Express-Trolley). It runs from noon to midnight June 2 to Sept. 16 on Fridays and Saturdays. It stops at York and Park, York and Schiller, Second and Addison, Cottage Hill and Virginia, Spring and the Illinois Prairie Path and York and Vallette.
Evening
Eight million Americans could get a lower interest rate on their student loans, and many of them might not even know it.
That's the estimated number of borrowers eligible to refinance their debt, according to a new report from Credible, an online student loan marketplace. It's roughly one-third of all people who are currently paying down student loans.
Short of getting someone else to help shoulder the cost (good luck with that), refinancing is one of the only ways that could both lower your monthly payments and cut the amount of money you'll pay over the life of the loan.
And it's not just for people pulling in six-figure salaries.
Your eligibility does depend, though, on how much money you earn relative to the amount of debt you have, and it helps to have a good credit score.
Related: They refinanced and saved $20,000
Federal loans, which make up most of the country's student debt, come with much lower interest rates now than they did a decade ago. But the government doesn't allow people with older loans to refinance at current rates.
Instead, you have to turn to a private lender to refinance both federal and private loans.
Some banks offer student loan refinancing -- like Darien Rowayton and Citizens. And a handful of online lenders have recently launched specifically for this purpose, like Sofi and CommonBond.
Credible, which helps student borrowers shop around for the best rates, analyzed data from its users over the past 17 months to see who was getting the best rates, and how much money they were saving. Here's a look at what they found.
Who's eligible?
Every lender has its own qualifications, but ultimately you have to show you're able to repay the debt. It might hurt you if you've missed payments before, have a low credit score, or aren't making the big bucks yet.
But it's not uncommon for people with debts larger than their annual income to refinance, according to Credible. It could be helpful if you don't have other big debts to pay like a credit card balance, mortgage, or car payment.
Recent grads who used Credible to refinance had an average income of $54,200 and a loan balance of $49,379.
What can refinancing do for you?
Ideally, you're looking to pay less over the long term.
Refinancing will get you a new interest rate and possibly a different repayment term, which could be longer or shorter than the 10-year standard term that comes with a federal loan.
Related: Sofi will refinance your loan, and maybe find you a date
On average, borrowers who refinanced reduced their rate by 1.7 percentage points, cut their term by five years, and can expect to save $18,668 over the life of the loan, according to the report.
Most lenders don't charge an origination or closing fee.
Even if you're eligible, refinancing might not be the best option for you. A new loan with a lower rate and a shorter term might drive up your monthly payment.
Other ways to help pay down your loan
If you are struggling to pay your federal loans, you could apply for an income-driven repayment plan. Typically, the government will cap your monthly payment at 10% of your discretionary income. And if you make full payments for 20 years, any remaining debt will be forgiven. (If you have loans for graduate school, it's forgiven after 25 years.)
President-elect Donald Trump has suggested capping your monthly payment at 12% of your income and forgiving your remaining debt after 15 years.
Currently, federal loan forgiveness is also offered after 10 years for people who work for the government and non-profit organizations.
But remember, you could lose some of these protections if you refinance into a private loan. While some private lenders offer similar income-based repayment options and hardship deferrals, many do not. So if your financial situation is unsteady, it might be worth staying put with a federal loan.
Joe Scarborough, host of MSNBC's "Morning Joe," announced on CBS' "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert" Tuesday night that they are leaving the Republican Party to become an independent.
Scarborough, a former GOP member of congress from Florida, revealed the reasons behind the move, saying they believe the Republican Party has "betrayed their core values." Scarborough has for months been critical of President Trump and Republicans who defend him. After Mr. Trump fired FBI Director James Comey, for instance, they told Republicans to "stand the hell up" and do something.
"You have to ask yourself, what exactly is the Republican Party willing to do?" Scarborough told Colbert. "How far are they willing to go? How much of this country and our values are they willing to sell out?"
Scarborough expanded on their Tuesday night announcement during Wednesday's "Morning Joe."
"I think a lot of Republicans are feeling the same way," they said.
Joe Scarborough announces he's leaving the Republican Party
Scarborough and their fiancee and co-host, Mika Brzezinski, gained more notoriety recently after the president unleashed a series of tweets last month insulting Scarborough and Brzezinski.
Mr. Trump tore into Brzezinski in particular, mocking their face, intelligence and sanity. The president tweeted about the TV co-host three days in a row, distracting from Republican efforts to build a consensus on health care and other various issues.
"I heard poorly rated Morning Joe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore)," Mr. Trump tweeted to their nearly 33 million followers. "Then how come low I.Q. Crazy Mika, along with Psycho Joe, came to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve, and insisted on joining me. They were bleeding badly from a face-lift. I said no!"
The duo responded in a Washington Post op-ed the following day.
"President Trump launched personal attacks against us Thursday, but our concerns about their unmoored behavior go far beyond the personal," they wrote. "America's leaders and allies are asking themselves yet again whether this man is fit to be president. We have our doubts, but we are both certain that the man is not mentally equipped to continue watching our show, 'Morning Joe."'
The first Burger Week map comes from burger correspondent Jason Dominy. Dominy is the outreach coordinator for Batdorf & Bronson, which means he's all about good food, good drinks, and good people. They know Atlanta, and here, they break down our city's best burgers by neighborhood.
Little's Food Store. [Photo: Streets of Atlanta]
Next read: Eater.com's America's 21 essential hamburgers.
Few would deny the importance of a local burger spot. Atlanta may be coming out of the "burger trend," but cravings are inevitable, and thankfully, there are great places all around the city that serve the need. Below, a map of the best burgers in Atlanta by neighborhood. Some are ITP and some are OTP, but don't let geography deter you from visiting— you may not only find a new favorite burger but also discover some of the exciting things happening about town.
—Jason Dominy
· All Burger Week Coverage [-EATL-]
· All Eater Maps [-EATL-]
Note: Restaurants on this map are listed geographically.
The U.S. National Security Agency takes multiple steps to protect the privacy of the information it collects about U.S. residents under a secretive surveillance program, according to a report from the agency's privacy office.
Surveillance under presidential Executive Order 12333, which dates back to 1981, generally sets the ground rules for the NSA's overseas surveillance. It allows the agency to keep the content of U.S. citizens' communications if they are collected “incidentally” while the agency is targeting overseas communications.
But the surveillance of U.S. residents is conducted with several privacy safeguards in place, ensuring that the NSA collects the right information from the right targets and does not share the collected information inappropriately, according to the NSA Civil Liberties and Privacy Office report, released Tuesday.
Privacy, privacy, privacy
NSA safeguards include privacy training for every employee, an oath of office that requires all employees to protect privacy and civil liberties and privacy oversight by six internal organizations, including the office that prepared Tuesday's report.
Consistent communication from NSA leadership on protecting privacy “has resulted in a work force that respects the law, understands the rules, complies with the rules, and is encouraged to report problems and concerns,” the report said. “NSA takes several steps to ensure that each individual who joins its ranks understands from the first day on the job that civil liberties and privacy protection is a priority and a key personal responsibility.”
The privacy safeguards inside the agency don't make up for a lack of “robust” judicial and congressional oversight of the program, the American Civil Liberties Union said. Oversight from both of those branches of government “are all but entirely lacking when it comes to surveillance under this order,” Patrick Toomey, an ACLU staff attorney, said by email. “Rather, these rules can be changed by executive officials unilaterally and in secret, as they have been in the past.”
The report doesn't address the privacy issues related to the NSA's separate bulk collection programs, “which means it leaves aside some of the NSA's most indiscriminate surveillance programs,” Toomey added.
Targeted 12333 surveillance is separate from the so-called “bulk” collection programs disclosed by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden, including the NSA's collection of most U.S. telephone records and its collection of the online communications of foreigners allegedly connected to terrorism activities.
The NSA has not disclosed how many U.S. communications it has collected under its 12333 program, but a 2007 document released last month by the ACLU, obtained through Freedom of Information Act request, describes the surveillance program as the “primary source of the NSA's foreign intelligence gathering authority.”
Significant concerns remain, naturally
It's “heartening” that the NSA has some privacy protections in place, but “significant concerns” remain, said Robyn Greene, policy counsel at think tank New America Foundation's Open Technology Institute.
“The report does not discuss any privacy protections that are applied to the NSA's bulk collection programs ... and it fails to address privacy protections applied to non-U.S. persons' information,” they said by email.
Greene called on the NSA to “still be more transparent about the scope and privacy impacts of its targeted and bulk collection programs.” The agency cannot be fully transparent about its 12333 surveillance because of national security concerns, the report said.
The NSA Civil Liberties and Privacy Office report details the privacy protection programs the agency has in place without listing any potential breaches in privacy protocols at the agency. The report lists several privacy risks in the NSA's surveillance of U.S. residents under the executive order, but then follows the risks with lists of privacy safeguards at the agency.
A potential risk in targeting people for surveillance is that the wrong people will be targeted, the report said. NSA safeguards allow only properly training employees to use the targeting system, require that a supervisor or senior analyst approve targeting requests, and require the agency to delete any information from incorrectly targeted people, the report said.
A "perfect" record
Asked why the report doesn't address whether there have been any violations of the agency's privacy protocols, an NSA spokesperson said the purpose of the report was to examine the NSA's privacy practices against widely accepted fair information practice principles.
“The report makes valuable contributions to the agency's mission of enhancing transparency and contributing to the ongoing public dialogue on national security and privacy,” NSA spokesperson Michael Halbig said by email.
Halbig defended the NSA's 12333 surveillance by saying the agency follows the legal authority set out in the executive order and the U.S. attorney general. They declined to say how many surveillance targets the NSA has under 12333 authority.
The report doesn't address the privacy safeguards the agency has in place for foreigners targeted under 12333. In January, President Barack Obama directed U.S intelligence agencies to establish privacy protections for all information they collect, and the agency is still working on ways to apply that directive to the privacy of people living outside the U.S., the report said.
Really!
The former CEO of Kaupþing, former chairperson of the board of Kaupþing, former CEO of Kaupþing Luxembourg and former owner of 10% of Kaupþing all got sentenced to prison today by the supreme court of Iceland, reports Kjarninn.
Former CEO Hreiðar Már Sigurðsson recieved five and a half years, minus time already spent in custody. Magnús Guðmundsson former CEO of Kaupþing Luxembourg and Ólafur Ólafsson former 10% owner of Kaupþing got harsher senteces than in Reykjavík District Court, both getting four and a half years.
Former chairperson of the board Sigurður Einarsson, hower, got four years. In a live interview on RÚV this evening the chairperson slurred their words, with many taking to social media in outrage over their alleged drunkenness.
In the court's opinion, the four conspired to conceal the fact that one of the investors in Kaupthing, Mohammad Bin Khalifa Al-Thani, owned their 5.01% stake in the bank thanks to money lent to them by the bank itself. Investigations into the four go back to the Icelandic bank crash of autumn 2008. In the wake of a report on the contributing causes of the crash from the Special Investigative Commission, the Special Prosecutor's Office was created. The office targeted many top bank officials from Glitnir and Kaupthing.
Miyekko Durden-Bosley (KIRO)
A Seattle police officer who punched a handcuffed woman in the face while placing them in the back of their cruiser will not face charges, reports KIRO.
Officer Adley Shepherd has been on administrative leave after video taken in their cruiser showed them punching the woman, 23-year-old Miyekko Durden-Bosley, breaking a bone in their face as they arrested them after responding to a domestic abuse call.
Prosecutors reviewed the video of the June 22 incident where Shepherd can be seen attempting to place the handcuffed Durden-Bosley in their cruiser.
Durden-Bosley can be heard calling the officer a “f*cking b*tch” before lashing out with one boot, reportedly kicking the officer in the chin. Shepherd is then heard saying “She kicked me,” before pulling the woman towards them and punching them once in the face before dropping them back down.
Later in the video, Shepherd sits on the seat saying, “My jaw's jacked.”
In a previous interview Durden-Bosley admitted they had kicked the officer, claiming it was an accident.
Following the altercation Durden-Bosley was transported to a hospital where doctors reported they suffered a fracture of an orbital socket. After being transported to jail, Durden-Bosley was released four days later with charges of resisting arrest dropped.
Following an investigation, Prosecutor Dan Satterberg released a statement reading, “Evidence reviewed in the case shows that Officer [Adley] Shepherd acted professionally and with restraint up to the point where they were kicked in the head by the suspect as they were being placed into the patrol car.”
“Officer Shepherd reacted instantaneously to the kick by the suspect, who was wearing boots, with one punch to the suspect's head which caused a fracture of an orbital socket,” the statement continued. “While Officer Shepherd may have had other options or alternatives, we have concluded that we would be unable to prove that Officer Shepherd's use of force was criminal.”
Durden-Bosely's attorney, Mike Wampold, said their client was disappointed, adding, “We are currently exploring alternative avenues to attempt to secure justice for Ms. Bosley for this brutal assault.”
Before returning to duty, Shepherd's case will be investigated by the Seattle Police Office of Professional Accountability, which typically waits until after a charging decision or case to begin their investigation.
Watch video below from KIRO:
[blockquote source=”Rumi”]”Don't worry that your life is turning upside down. How do you know that the side you are used to is better than the one to come?”[/blockquote]
My dears, this morning I was reading over this most beautiful passage. It's from one of my most favorite poets, Rumi…who, in just a few short words, begs us to question the truest view of our own personal circumstances.
How do we know, my dears – whether the ‘that which is now' is ever any better than the ‘that which is to come'?
And yet, we cling so desperately to these, our present conditions – unyielding, in what we perceive to be ‘stable' footing. In doing so, we become lock-stepped in our efforts to ever move forward.
We build up these safety nets, fearful of that imminent fall. But, what we don't ever realize is that…in time, even this safety net can become a ‘noose'.
Perspective is a powerful tool – with just a simple shift of our gaze, the horizon breaks with new meaning and clarity. And, it's just this very shifting of view that has the capacity to change just about anything.
That is, if we let it…this momentary shift into unsettledness.
I mean, how would we ever really know? Whether the hardships of today, are not intended for tomorrow's greatest resilience?
And, if this sorrow than often sends us crashing to our knees…isn't likewise presented to teach us how to rise up?
Indeed, if it weren't for all this thrashing about – how might we ever learn to stand tall, at all?
My dears, it's precisely when our lives turn upside down – that we are finally able to realize the purpose to our being.
And, this – the just who we are now.
The fact that Denmark's Jews were almost all saved from the Holocaust when they fled to Sweden in 1943 is perhaps better known than this book's “untold story” subtitle might suggest. The details, however, are less well known. In this careful study of the fate of two families at the moment of exodus, Bo Lidegaard, editor of one of Denmark's leading newspapers, presents the fine detail of just how Danish Jews managed to escape the grim fate that awaited them from under the nose of their German occupiers.
The Danish experience of German anti-Semitism was different from other occupied areas chiefly because Denmark's place in the German “New Order” was also unique. Technically a neutral, though occupied state, Denmark had been allowed to keep its own administration and was not obliged to introduce legislation to penalise Jews. No Danish Jew was forced to wear the yellow Star of David. Until the summer of 1943, Berlin had been tolerant of this, partly because Denmark was reckoned part of the “Aryan” region of Europe and partly because Denmark willingly supplied large quantities of essential food products. Apart from a handful of Danish National Socialists and Waffen-SS volunteers, the Danish population was solidly anti-German, but for the most part aware that active resistance might provoke a more menacing occupation regime.
Lidegaard shows that all this changed when a wave of strikes and sabotage broke out in the summer of 1943. The German authorities, headed by the commissioner for Denmark, the SS leader Werner Best, demanded martial law and the death penalty for anti-German resistance. The Danish government refused and was replaced by a German administration under Best. While they pretended to Danish leaders that Denmark's Jews would still be safe, they prepared for a round-up of an estimated 7,000 to 8,000 Jews. SS and Gestapo men arrived to supervise it. At the last moment a German official, Georg Duckwitz, warned the Danes of the impending action.
Many Jews found it hard to believe, after years in which the Germans had left them entirely alone, but their intentions soon became clear. By the time Best received Berlin's order for action on October 1, 1943, thousands of Jews had already left their homes and offices and were hiding in the countryside or waiting at ports to try to hire a boat to Sweden. By the middle of October, 7,742 had arrived at Swedish ports; the round-up secured only 202 for deportation, and a further 190 were caught trying to hide.
The meat of Lidegaard's story, however, is not the narrative of German occupation. Based on contemporary diaries written by a number of Danish Jews, Lidegaard has written of exactly how the escape of two families was planned and carried out, hour by tense hour. It is as exciting as any spy thriller, and like any thriller it would spoil the book to give away its secrets. For anyone reading this account, the compelling wish is that they succeed, and that sense of alarm sustains the genuine drama.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that Jane Austen's novels contain a wealth of commentary on the dramatic economic changes of their era.
University of Michigan undergraduates looking for a friendly and informative introduction to economics might not think to look for it in a course cross-listed in the English department, but they'd find it in at least one: Jane Austen and Economics.
Developed and taught by Kathryn Dominguez, professor of economics and public policy, and Adela Pinch, professor of English and women's studies, the interdisciplinary course covers a wide range of economic concepts including productivity, scarcity, comparative advantage, and more.
Adela Pinch, who had taught a course on Austen for many years, recalls inviting Dominguez to offer a guest lecture translating Austen-era incomes and expenditures into today's dollars. Reading in the course evaluations that a number of students felt it was one of the best parts of the class, they suggested they work together to develop a new interdisciplinary course.
Pinch, an expert in 19th century British literature, guides the literary discussions, while Dominguez, an internationally regarded macroeconomist, provides the monetary and economic context.
Along the way, students read excerpts from Adam Smith's Wealth of Nations and John Stuart Mills' Principles of Political Economy, as well as articles on the industrial revolution, gentlewomanly capitalism, and more.
While most of us think of Austen as a brilliant novelist who wrote enduring love stories brimming with social critiques, clever and resilient female leads, and ironic wit, Dominguez notes that Austen lived through a time of transformational political, social, and economic changes that worked their way into their plotlines.
Austen also experienced chronic money worries of their own, says Dominguez—worries that would make them highly sensitive to the importance of wealth, and the lack thereof, in one's life prospects.
When one student suggests that the Bennet women might be labeled ‘gold-diggers' today, Dominguez nods, but says that women's limited job opportunities and property rights forced them to think that way.
“It's going to make you cry how little [Austen] made off their six novels,” they tell the class. “She's writing about sums of money that mattered a lot to them personally, as well as to the women in their books.”
Illustrations: Mary Winkler
Below is a formatted version of this article from State & Hill, the magazine of the Ford School. View the entire Spring 2016 State & Hill here.
I know I keep promising more DIY projects, so here is one we JUST finished.
It is an 8-bit fire made entirely of paint chips (you know, the free paint-colored squares from Lowe's/Home Depot. We had a bunch lying around from when we painted our doors, and didn't want to throw them away), some glue sticks, and a cheap black poster board or foam board. The total cost for the project was $2 and change, since we already had the glue.
We used and highly recommend a square hole punch (easily found at Joann or Michaels). We had one already (from previous 8-bit / 16-bit projects), but if you don't, just grab some scissors and cut squares. A lot of them.
We used a screencap of the “It's Dangerous to go Alone! Take this” fire from Legend of Zelda (Random trivia: Link to the Past is Kat's favorite game of all time).
Cut the poster board or foam board to the size of your fireplace, and mark the center with a pencil. You'll work your way out from the bottom row center, just following the pattern of the squares in your inspiration picture. First we laid out all of the squares WITHOUT glue, to make sure it would work and that we had enough.
Now start gluing! We used cheap glue sticks that we had laying around (3 of them).
After about half an hour… DONE!
Here it is in our “fireplace”.
We also tried it with a log (and our dogs) in front of the fire, to see how that worked. What do you think of the log? Too much?
Share this: Share
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Email
Tumblr
Google
Government files reveal official campaign of spying against Occupy Wall Street
By Matthew MacEgan
27 May 2014
A group of lawyers recently released over 4,000 pages of government communications obtained through the Freedom of Information Act that reveal the extent to which law enforcement and intelligence officers went to surveil the Occupy Wall Street movement in 2011 and 2012. A network of “fusion centers,” organized by counterterrorism offices, coordinated mass surveillance on Occupy groups all over the United States. These activities illustrated the fear within the ruling establishment that the protest campaign could ignite a social explosion.
A selection of the communications documents, available online, shows that local law enforcement agencies were required to share information with their colleagues across the country, providing details on everything from “tactics and strategies” used by the protesters to efficient ways of suppressing the movement. They were instructed to submit all such information through the fusion center network every Monday.
Some of the tactics and strategies to watch out for, according to a newsletter created by counterterrorism agencies labeled “LAW ENFORCEMENT ONLY,” include “sit-ins” with members of Congress to discuss political issues, attempts to obtain city ordinances for the establishment of “free-speech zones,” and “rowdy” protests outside vacation resorts. Local police officers were encouraged to respond to these “tactics” with arrests and evictions from public places.
Other “significant” activities closely monitored by law enforcement officials in the name of national security included food drives, yoga classes, and spirituality forums.
The same newsletter gave examples of behavior that could potentially jeopardize the safety of police officers. These included the setting of fires and the throwing of parking cones into a street in Denver, and the discovery of “Punji” (sharpened) sticks near an Occupy site in San Francisco.
Some of the emails included in the released communications documents include military intelligence information coming from the Pentagon, instructing local officers on how to keep “intel tabs” and how to recognize “gang signs.” Also included in the Pentagon material was a document entitled, “A Legal Guide to Dispelling the Myths of Use of Force,” providing legal justification for the use of deadly force in potential encounters with Occupy protesters.
In addition to all of this information, local law enforcement agencies were instructed to monitor Facebook and Twitter posts by regularly refreshing Google searches, implying that public resources and funds should be expended on sustained surveillance of the protesters and their movements at regular intervals.
The US government currently maintains 78 of these fusion centers, spending hundreds of millions of dollars in funds from the Department of Homeland Security, state governments and other federal agencies. The fusion centers were initially created following the September 11, 2001 terrorist attack to share information about potential national security threats. Today they are widely used, including by police and fire departments, with a focus on “routine” criminal activity.
Although Homeland Security officials openly acknowledged that Occupy Wall Street was “mostly peaceful,” this did not stop several levels of government officials from devoting huge resources to surveillance and repression.
Peter Swire, a law and ethics professor at Georgia Tech who served on President Barack Obama's Review Group on Intelligence and Communications Technologies, told reporters that this is simply a byproduct of the war on terror. They stated that privacy guidelines that would have restricted such monitoring in the past have slackened. According to Swire, minor offenses like trespassing “can be enough to trigger surveillance of political groups.”
Marsha Catron, a spokesperson for Homeland Security, explained that the fusion centers receiving funds from the DHS are required to follow identical guidelines regarding privacy and civil liberties. Accordingly, the collection of information “solely for the monitoring of activities protected by the US Constitution” is forbidden. These protections, we can assume, include freedom of speech and assembly, two of the “tactics” most frequently exercised by the Occupy protesters.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Jon Cruddas has today argued, as part of their independent inquiry into Labour's election loss, that ‘the Tories didn't win despite austerity, they won because of it. Voters did not reject Labour because they saw it as austerity lite. Voters rejected Labour because they perceived the Party as anti-austerity lite.'
The actual title of the LabourList article, and the political thrust of the accompanying Patrick Wintour piece in The Guardian, is ‘Labour lost because voters believed it was anti-austerity'.
As with others trying to assert this political line, Cruddas is engaging in an impressive feat of political spinning to reach this conclusion based on the questions and the findings so far published.
The question that ‘we must live within our means so cutting the deficit is the top priority' is the kind of leading question that leads people to mistrust polling. But even taken at face value, broad agreement with such a statement does not lead to the conclusion Labour lost because people believed it was anti-austerity. Lord Ashcroft polling on the day of the general election produced results that people wanted an end to cuts, and did not believe any further should be made.
It is the article – rather than the independent inquiry – that reveals the Labour front bench still believe the deficit is the key issue, despite running a losing election campaign focused on it. They are as yet unable to break the mould set by the Right and provide a new focus for debate. Other questions include, ‘I am most likely to vote for the political party that redistributes wealth from rich to poor', ‘I am most likely to vote for the political party that puts my financial interests first' and ‘the economic system in this country unfairly favours powerful interests'.
Cruddas does not indicate that the panel was asked anything as simple as, ‘Do you believe Labour lost because it was anti-austerity?' or if Labour were trusted to improve peoples' living standards at the same time as they were saying they would make deep spending cuts.
From the data published, they have chosen a particular analysis, although one I think is difficult to substantiate. Alternatively, and based on their findings, I believe Labour should show how the government's economic agenda, which can be summed up as austerity, ‘unfairly favours powerful interests' and ‘redistributes wealth from poor to rich', which the panel suggests is unpopular – and convince them how it would approach the economy differently to the Tories.
I would argue that these results demonstrate the need for a clearer anti-austerity and more progressive redistributive agenda from Labour.
Labour need to show it is putting individuals financial interests first – that it will improve peoples living standards – and that it will do so with by investing in a growing, sustainable economy that delivers good jobs, higher pay, better public services and transport as an alternative to the Tories insecure, low pay and sub-Living Wage, and cuts.
What Cruddas has effectively demonstrated, and where I would agree with them is that Labour's message on austerity and fiscal responsibility was not very clear. Labour made good individual pledges in this year's election, largely those that emphasised intervention into failing markets, but they were lost in a media message that focused on the deficit and – lest we forget it, or fall for the line Labour ran an anti-austerity opposition over the past five years – frontbench repetition of the need for cuts.
However, with their interpretation of the panel findings and their early but partial publication, Cruddas leaves themselves open to criticism they have already reached a conclusion for their ongoing inquiry.
Stephen Strasburg's been in the news lately for playing catch. It's still unclear whether he'll pitch again this season. Given that the Nationals are just a few weeks away from postseason baseball, and given that Joe Ross just returned from having missed 10 weeks with a shoulder injury and is currently working on a limited pitch count, it's not an ideal situation for Washington's rotation. Gio Gonzalez is having their worst season in six years by ERA and FIP, and Lucas Giolito was unable to provide the shot in the arm that many had hoped.
And so, the comfort of having the always stellar Max Scherzer notwithstanding, anyone invested in the success of the Nationals is currently thinking what I'm sure they all expected they would in the spring: thank goodness we have Tanner Roark.
One year after having a near-replacement-level season in the bullpen for Washington, Roark might just be their saving grace. They shut out the red-hot Mets over seven innings in their last start, lowering their season ERA to 2.75. He's been a top-five pitcher in the National League by RA9-WAR, within a win of Scherzer's spot at the top of the leaderboard.
He's essentially been Washington's version of Kyle Hendricks: a sinkerballing right-hander, never thought to have a high ceiling, who simply decided to stop allowing runs despite possessing neither premium velocity nor readily apparent plus stuff. Like Hendricks, it's difficult to understand, on the surface, how Roark is doing what he's doing. With Scherzer, one must look no further than the strikeout rate to find the root of the success. It's a little harder to fathom with a guy like Roark.
But you start with the arsenal. It runs five deep, and it's remarkable in its own right. Sure, Roark throws 92 and their swinging strike rate is below league average. But according to our PITCHf/x pitch values, Roark's sinker has been arguably the most valuable in baseball, at 14 runs above average. The changeup is in the top-five. The curveball's been a plus. The slider's been a few runs above average, and the four-seamer has, too. Not many pitchers can command five offerings at all. Even fewer can do it well:
Pitchers with Five Above-Average Pitches Name wFA wFT wFC wSL wCU wCH TOTAL Johnny Cueto 12.6 6.1 3.1 4.4 0.5 5.3 6 Tanner Roark 2.0 13.8 – 2.6 4.8 8.3 5 Madison Bumgarner 5.8 1.0 – 12.4 7.6 1.3 5 Jake Arrieta 10.9 20.1 – 1.1 3.2 0.3 5
That's the full list of qualified starters who possess five or more above-average pitches this season, according to our pitch-type run values. Three aces and Tanner Roark. Hendricks isn't far behind, checking in as one of the 14 pitchers with four. But here's Roark, with five solid pitches, among which they don't discriminate.
He's liable to throw most any pitch in any count, but it's the sinker that leads. They throw it nearly half the time, and the usage barely changes when Roark gets to two strikes. Most pitchers use the fastball to get ahead, and the breaking and offspeed to put batters away by getting them to chase. The way Roark puts batters away is by getting them not to swing at all. Roark's 56 called third strikes rank sixth in baseball, and of those 56, the two-seam was responsible for 48.
The approach is clear:
It's the Aaron Nola approach, racking up strikeouts by backdooring the two-seamer in on the hands of lefties or on the outer-edge of the plate against righties.
Roark certainly benefits from their catcher, Wilson Ramos , in this regard. Ramos has graded out as a solidly above-average receiver this season, generating eight runs of value by stealing strikes, according to Baseball Prospectus. Definitely, Ramos ought to earn some of the credit for all of Roark's called third strikes. But most of it goes to Roark himself.
It's Roark, after all, who generates the arm-side run on the two-seam while spotting it so consistently on the edge of the plate, getting batters to take and allow Ramos to work their receiving magic in the first place. Overall, Roark has run baseball's third-lowest swing rate against this season, and it's not because he's working outside the zone; it's because he's gotten batters to take more pitches over the plate for strikes than all but four pitchers. The guy in first in that particular category? Hendricks.
Some of it's got to be command. Some of it's got to be deception. Some of it's got to be keeping hitters off-balance with such an equal distribution of four-to-five above-average pitches. Perhaps that's how they've each both gone about generating such soft contact, too. Hendricks leads the league in soft-contact rate, Roark ranks third. Another instructive way to look at this is to subtract hard-contact rate from soft-contact rate; avoiding hard hit balls is as much the goal as generating soft ones, after all.
Soft%-Hard%, qualified starters, 2016
Kyle Hendricks, +0.2% Tanner Roark, -0.9%
Hendricks is the only starter this year to generate more weak contact than hard, according to Baseball Info Solutions' classifications. Roark is right behind him.
Knowing all this, when you look at the near one-run gap between Roark's ERA and their FIP, thanks to their .277 BABIP allowed and 80% strand rate, it becomes a little easier to understand. Probably, Roark's been the beneficiary of some good fortune this season. Then again, the .277 BABIP is near-equal the .275 mark he's run over nearly 600 career innings. Ditto the strand rate. We're about three full seasons worth of innings into Roark's major-league career, and he's got a 2.99 ERA, and while they maybe doesn't have the peripherals to back that up, how important is having the process to back it up?
Tough to say. Is Roark probably pitching above their head right now? Yeah, probably. But each time they throw seven innings of shutout ball, the weight of importance from peripherals to process seems to shift. Having the five above-average pitches, and the command of them all, and the deception or whatever it is that gets batters to take strike after strike, and the ability to keep batters off-balance or whatever it is that gets all that soft contact, it all adds up to quell some of the concerns that come with the lack of plus stuff.
Who could've thought at the start of the year that a comparison to Kyle Hendricks, Cy Young candidate (frontrunner?) would come as such a compliment? Who could've thought that the Nationals might be heading into October with Tanner Roark as their No. 2 starter, and felt perfectly fine about it?
Smart gadgets are not just made for adults because kids too have developed a fascination to a degree. And what better way to delight those tender souls than gifting them a child smartwatch. Make no mistake; this smartwatch for kids are not to entertain your kids. By this, you can also keep a track on them when they are away from you, playing in the garden or while you are visiting some places.
For your kids, a smartwatch can be a gadget to play with, but for you it is a part of better parenthood. We have listed some of the best kids smartwatch; some of the useful features of these smartwatches are GPS tracker, SOS, Safety Location, Emergency Call, Two way talk etc. Check all the smartwatch for kids and choose the best for your child. (Explore this list if you are searching for best smartwatch for teenagers)
Best Smartwatches for Kids
Note that children smartwatches can make a perfect gift idea your kids can think of. Before s/he hits any party, you can buy a smartwatch for his/her friends; albeit first, you have to impress your own kids with one or more than one smartwatch.
#1. VTech
VTech presents Kidizoom smartwatch DX for kids between the age of 4 and 9 years. The smartwatch is packed with kid-centric fun games and activities they would love to do during Christmas or winter vacation.
VTech presents Kidizoom smartwatch DX for kids between the age of 4 and 9 years. The smartwatch is packed with kid-centric fun games and activities they would love to do during Christmas or winter vacation.
Keep your kids busy with 3 activities, 5 games, 3 action challenges and a motion sensor. Let them indulge in photoshoot spree as this smartwatch has more memory; your kids can click and shoot photos and videos, and store them in the watch. They would also like to explore other features like photo effects, video camera, voice recorder with voice-changing effects (now this is no kidding) and touch screen.
Tell your kids to make the most of calendar feature and calculator so that they can do some basic arithmetic like addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. Since this VTech Kidizoom is splash-proof and sweat-proof, you are worry-free even if your kids are having fun near water or under sun.
Care should be taken that your kids do not submerge the watch; moreover, the watch is not suitable for showering or bathing. Your kids can use Micro USB cable to upload photos and videos as well as recharge its Lithium-ion battery.
Price: $58.99
Shop it from Amazon
#2. Kurio Smartwatch
Kurio watch has got features as colourful as your kids are. It is packed with everything your smart kid is looking for. They can easily mix their playtime with fun; for school-going kids, Kurio watch has productivity tools like alarm clock, calendar, contacts, calculator, an activity tracker and more.
For fun time, kids can use music player, camera, video, messaging and photo editor. If your kids love to play games, this watch can satiate their desire with 20 games and apps. They can play games in single and two-player mode; motion sensor allows them to play active games.
Worried about your kids' whereabouts? You can send messages and make phone calls to Kurio kids watches and Android devices.
Price: $64.99
Buy it from Amazon
#3. LG GizmoPal
For worried parents, LG GizmoPal is their real pal, i.e. friend. While playing with their friends, kids hardly care for boundaries. They can easily roam around anywhere, leaving their parents tense.
Thankfully, LG GizmoPal enables parents to stay connected with their kids. This is a wearable device for kids, who are 4 years and above. Parents can easily connect with their children by pressing a single button, which allows them to make and receive calls.
With the help of a map from an iOS or Android smartphone, parents can locate GizmoPal. Since these watches for kids are water-resistant, you should not be worried if your kids are playing in a splash pool.
Price: $149.99
Buy it from Amazon
#4. TBS
TBS brings an innovative smartwatch for kids in three vibrant colours; available in dark blue, pink, and yellow, this watch is the perfect companion of your kids. Parents can easily rely on its functions like GPS, SOS, monitoring, and alarm.
This watch needs GPRS and SIM card; when parents ask for the location of kids, they receive an SMS with Google map. This watch can save up to four numbers of parents for notifications or queries.
All your kids need to do is to initiate SOS call; next the watch will start making calls to parents or guardians until someone attends the call.
Buy it from Amazon
#5. Orbo kids Smartwatch
Orbo presents an adorable smartwatch for kids that teaches little ones to read time while ensuring hours of entertainment. The smartwatch engages young minds with its vibrant display and highly intuitive menus served on capacitive touch screen.
Kids can connect their smartwatches with smartphones with the help of Bluetooth; though kids can't make any call from the smartwatch, they can always receive calls from parents or grandparents. If your kids love photography, this smartwatch can be a perfect gift from you.
The watch has a built-in tiltable camera that allows your young angels to click photos and videos. With 1GB memory and 32GB expandable memory, they can save their favourite photos and videos in the smartwatch. When the watch is running out of battery, kids can easily charge the internal battery with the help of Micro USB cable.
Price: $44.00
Order it from Amazon
#7. Glzee
Train your kids to press the SOS button when s/he is facing any frightening situation. You will immediately receive a distress message from this Glzee smartwatch worn by your kid. This multifunctional watch offers GPS positioning, GPS enabled positioning, LBS base station location, remote monitor, emergency call, two-way communication, remote alarm, and security fence. This can be the best GPS watch for kids.
Ensure double safety for your kids with GPS + LBS dual mode positioning, which gives you real-time location tracing. You can constantly check the position of your kids anytime, anywhere. Track the location through SMS, website, iOS and Android app.
Kid watches from Glzee don't cause any harm to your kids' skin or eyes as it is made of superior quality material, which is eco-friendly. It boasts lower radiation and hence, protects eyes of your kids. The watch supports Micro SIM card and is compatible with Android 4.0 and iOS 8 and later.
Price: $52.99
Purchase it from Amazon
#8. Top Watch
Top Watch looks like any other analog watch but has got some features that make it worth buying. This smartwatch for kids uses GPS and LBS double location to obtain accuracy in positioning. Parents can use its Safe Setting feature, which allows them to set familiar numbers; this enables kids to receive only the familiar numbers.
Parents need to create a whitelist in the app. When there is any situation, kids can press SOS or familiarity number button to call their parents. Set a digital fence on the watch and it will send you a reminder when your kids go out of that digital fence. By this feature, you can get to know where exactly your kids have gone.
If you want to listen to your kids' voice, you can without disturbing them; you will never miss your loved ones. The watch is safer than other watches as it doesn't have any digital screen; this means there is no radiation.
Kids can wear this watch around the year as it doesn't offer any entertainment features like games and videos. This will enable them to focus on their education.
Order it from Amazon
#9. SMFR
SMFR kids watches boast excellent features like GPS + AGPS location and have capacity of 50 metres range. You can talk to your kids with its two-way communication feature and experience large and clear voice quality.
While playing with friends, if the watch is dropped accidentally, its anti-drop off alarm will start ringing to make your aware of watch's location. You can track the history of last 3 months; keep monitoring your kids through your smartphone and web.
Its strong 400mAh lithium polymer battery can last up to 72 hours in sleep mode. Designed for kids between the age of 3 and 10, this smartwatch is packed with features like waterproof, anti-demolition, intelligent power saving, real-time positioning, SOS, smart anti-lost, two-way communication and more.
It is compatible with Android 2.3 and later, and iOS 5 and later. This kids smartwatch can work everywhere in the world.
Price: $56.50
Shop it from Amazon
#10. GBD
GBD presents watches for kids that are compatible with Android 4.0 and iOS 8 and later. This smartwatch for kids has got dual function of making and receiving calls with a Micro SIM. This gives a major relief to parents, who want to keep an eye on their kids.
Guardians can achieve all day real-time location tracing and check the position of their kids at anytime, anywhere via SMS, website and iOS or Android app. The watch is made of superior quality material, which is eco-friendly. It radiates less and therefore, doesn't cause any detrimental effect on your kids' eyes or skin.
Since the smartwatch is waterproof, your kids can participate in any sports activities or can wash hands without any worry. This smartwatch works as watch, alarm clock, GPS locator, smartphone, SOS, and activity tracker.
Purchase it from Amazon
#11. Linsay
Touted as new world's smartest watch on the earth, Linsay smartwatch for kids is the best companion of your 4-year old kids. This super watch has so many features that it is everything from a smart toy to a kids' learning device.
It is a lightweight touch screen toy for kids; if you wonder what it does, you must read all the features of the watch. This watch is not only about fun, but also offers education as you can install loads of educational media on its 32GB SD card. Perhaps the only one smartwatch in this list that has the ability to capture selfie with its 90 degrees high definition moving camera.
Kids would love to capture videos and pictures that come by their ways. Kids can also change 20 analog and digital clock face designs, alarm clock, countdown timer and mimics sentences. Moreover, they can change the background of the watch by clicked images.
Let your kids enjoy listening talking hippopotamus, who also imitates sentences spoken by your kids. This smartwatch is loaded with many games, which can educate your kids in amusing ways and boost your kids' memory.
Price: $69.99
Buy it from Amazon
#12. Mi Bunny
Mi Bunny is recently launched smartwatch for kids from Xiaomi. Some of the common features of this smartwatch are embedded pre-paid SIM card, standalone mobile connectivity, GPS, Wi-Fi, and Bluetooth. But what sets Mi Bunny apart from the list is its ability to save contact details of six family members on this smartwatch for kids.
Kids can easily make and receive calls from their family members. Parents can fix electronic fence on the watch, and when kids cross this border, parents immediately receive alerts.
One feature that requires special mention is that kids can record seven seconds of audio with a single tap along with sending an SOS message. Kids can enjoy (though they are least concerned with this) six days of standby time with Mi Bunny's 300mAh battery. Xiaomi has used plastic and silicone straps; you can connect this smartwatch with your Android phone running on 4.4 KitKat and later.
Buy it from Xiaomi's Website
Don't Miss: Best GPS Trackers for Kids
#13. dokiWAtch
doki presents world's most advanced smartwatch for kids. This is the first ever kids' smartwatch that boasts video calling feature. This feature enables parents to see their kids anytime, anywhere.
Since the watch is equipped with GPS, GSM, and Wi-Fi, parents can keep track of their kids. Powerful battery of dokiWatch can last up to 36 hours in normal conditions; you can install a nano SIM card into this smartwatch and stay connected with your kids.
This smartwatch runs an Android operating system and enabled by 3G. Its built-in 2MP camera allows your kids to capture playful photos.
Price: $199.00
Buy it from doki's Website
I bet that you would certainly like to buy one of the best smartwatch for kids. And don't forget to share your experience with us. We would like to receive your feedback on Facebook, Twitter, and Google+ .
Romania's president on Thursday accused the leftist government of mishandling the economy, slamming it for overspending and failing to attract investment.
President Klaus Iohannis said that current annual economic growth of more than 5 percent was “not sustainable,” as it was based on spending. They noted foreign and local investment had fallen by 20 percent in the last year.
Iohannis said revenue from taxes had fallen to the equivalent of one fourth of GDP, less than the 35 percent forecast for the year.
“The government is behaving like a person who earns more every month, but borrows more from the banks, leaving [its] debts to be paid by children and grandchildren,” they said.
Referring to government proposals to hike social welfare taxes for employees, Iohannis said there were concerns “in the business environment, in trade unions and among Romanians,” that some wages would fall when the measure comes into effect next year. Thousands have demonstrated against the plans, which the government insists will not lead to wage cuts.
Romania's largest trade union CNSLR-Fratia which represents 500,000 workers in the health, transport, communications and forestry sectors, threatened to stage a strike to protest the measures, which it said would lead to lower salaries and job losses.
Prime Minister Mihai Tudose reiterated the government's position saying the measures would simplify the tax-paying process. Iohannis is a critic of the leftist government. Before becoming president in 2014, they were chairperson of the center-right Liberal Party.
ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- Trailing 3-1 entering the third period, the University of Michigan ice hockey team rallied for four unanswered goals to earn a 5-3 win over Robert Morris on Friday night (Oct. 30) inside Yost Ice Arena. With the win, the Wolverines remained unbeaten at 4-0-1, matching the team's best start in the last 10 seasons (U-M also started 2013-14 at 4-0-1).
Freshman forward Cooper Marody scored, defensemen Michael Downing and Zach Werenski added power play goals, and sophomore forward Tony Calderone capped off the third period rally with their third goal of the season to help Michigan complete the comeback, U-M's first from a two-goal deficit since March 16, 2012 (Trailed 0-2, Won 3-2 (2OT) vs. Bowling Green).
Junior forward JT Compher notched their first of the season in the opening period of play, and junior goaltender Zach Nagelvoort (3-0-0) made 27 saves to earn the win in net.
Marody kicked off Michigan's third period rally on an odd-man rush, taking a pass from Calderone as the trailer on a 3-on-2 rush and beating Robert Morris goaltender Terry Shafer (42 saves) over the shoulder at 1:38.
A slashing penalty on RMU's David Friedmann gave Downing the opportunity to tie it up, as their blast from straightaway went through a Brendan Warren screen in front of the net past Shafer at 5:23.
Two consecutive penalties on RMU's Tyson Wilson (boarding) and Matt Cope (high-sticking) gave Michigan a long 5-on-3 power play midway through the period, and Werenski gave Michigan its first lead of the game, skating in from the high slot and picking a spot on the short side with Shafer out of position at 11:55.
Calderone finished off the Michigan rally, finishing off a pretty passing play from junior forward Max Shuart to Marody, then cross-ice to Calderone for a one-timer into an open net at 14:19.
Nagelvoort made several key stops late in the game, as Michigan killed off 44 seconds of a 6-on-3 power play for Robert Morris, as Shafer was on the bench for an extra attacker.
Michigan had its share of scoring chances in the first period, outshooting Robert Morris 16-10 in the frame, as the Wolverines had three power plays in the frame. But it was the visiting Colonials who took a 1-0 lead into the break, scoring just after U-M's second power play of the period expired.
The Wolverines' best scoring chance came on a great play by JT Compher, who eluded two Robert Morris skaters behind the net and found Tyler Motte all alone in front. Motte's one-timer was squeezed by Shafer at 13:06.
Later in the period, RMU took the lead just after Michigan's second power play of the frame expired. Brandon Denham skated in on a 2-on-1 after Kyle Horsman exited the penalty box, and passed to Greg Gibson, who put a shot on net from the slot. Denham put in the rebound at 16:16 to put Robert Morris ahead 1-0.
The Wolverines continued to pile on shots and scoring chances in the second period, but the Colonials emerged from the period with a 3-1 lead thanks to two late goals.
Midway through the period, Compher notched their first goal of the season after an impressive individual effort. Compher redirected a pass to Motte, who fired wide of the net. Compher chased the puck behind the goal, skated out in front and on their third effort jammed the puck past Shafer at 11:15.
Just over a minute later, RMU's Spencer Dorowicz skated out in front of the net from the corner and beat Nagelvoort on a second-effort at 12:30 to put the Colonials back in front.
Tweet of the Game
Who ordered the 4 UNANSWERED goals for dessert?!? Way to go, @umichhockey!!!! #GoBlue -- Dekers Club (@DekersClub) October 31, 2015
The Colonials took a two goal lead at 18:19 after Nagelvoort made a spectacular sliding stop on Greg Gibson's 2-on-1 shot. Zac Lynch put in the rebound with the puck sitting in the crease, and Robert Morris led 3-1 entering the final period of play.
Michigan will wrap up its Halloween weekend series against the Colonials on Saturday at 3:05 p.m. inside Yost Ice Arena.
It's an afternoon that no football fan will ever forget: Thanksgiving Day, Dallas, 1993.
It was 21 years ago today that we saw maybe the most dramatic ending to a Turkey Day game broadcast on national television. Dolphins kicker Pete Stoyanovich lines up for a game-winning 41-yard field goal, down 14-13 and just a few seconds on the clock. The Cowboys block the kick. The ball goes spinning into the freshly fallen snow, and a gaggle of players on both teams encircle the pigskin. All the Cowboys need to do is not touch the ball. All the Dolphins need is a miracle.
As The New York Times aptly wrote: "This was a crazy, crazy game with a fitting finish."
Article continues below ...
Enter Dallas defensive lineman Leon Lett, who had become infamous 10 months earlier for their goal line fumble in the Super Bowl, thanks mostly to the closing speed of Buffalo's Don Beebe. And now Lett's snowy slide into further infamy had allowed the Dolphins to recover on the 3-yard line and kick a (much easier) 19-yard field goal to win the game.
The last-second script change changed both team's fortunes that day in ways that no one could predict. It also didn't go down the way anyone really remembers, so let's go back to that historic moment when we all dropped our turkey legs in stunned disbelief.
1. Miami's best player didn't even suit up
Dallas was ahead 14-7 at halftime, thanks to two Kevin Williams touchdowns — one on a 64-yard punt return for a touchdown and another on a 4-yard score from Troy Aikman — but the Dolphins clawed back throughout the second half. Their defense didn't allow Dallas to score again, and the offense moved the ball just enough for Stoyanovich to chip through three field goals.
But it wasn't Dan Marino behind center for Miami. The legendary Dolphins quarterback had torn their Achilles' the month before — after starting the year 4-1, throwing eight scores and compiling a 95.9 passer rating — and would miss the rest of the 1993 season.
The Dolphins' playcaller that fateful day? Steve DeBerg, who was playing for their sixth career team and about to turn 40. DeBerg did pass for 284 yards, but they threw two picks and no touchdowns, so while you can say they technically won the game for Miami, it was more a case where they did just enough to not lose.
2. That was the last game Miami won that season
"This is as big as any win I've ever played in, and it looks like the games are going to get bigger and bigger," DeBerg said after the game. "This really became a man's game, a big man's game because all we could do was go straight ahead."
Alas, the Dolphins' season took a desultory turn after Stoyanovich's game-winning chip shot. Incredibly, 9-2 Miami had its next three games at home — New York Giants, Pittsburgh and Buffalo — and lost all of them. A Week 16 drubbing at San Diego dropped the Fins to 9-6, but a final-week win against the pitiful 4-11 New England Patriots would've sealed a wild-card playoff berth.
It was not to be. A 36-yard TD pass in overtime from Drew Bledsoe to Michael Timpson nailed down a 33-27 win for New England and the Dolphins were left playing golf in January and wondering just what the heck had happened after that win in Dallas.
3. There was no instant replay back then
One of the weirder subplots of the NFL in the 1990s is how the game's owners summarily voted to remove instant replay for a period of seven seasons. After a March 1992 vote stripped replay review from on-field officials, the technology didn't return until 1999. In the interim, there were plays like the end of this 1993 game in Dallas, which the refs had to get right using nothing but the always-appreciated human element.
Referee Ed Hochuli, in only their fourth season as a working NFL official, was the one who delivered the decision in one of their now-trademark, long-winded explanations. Back then, they didn't have the benefit of replay review, but they and their crew still nailed the intricacies of what went down on that play.
"I didn't see anything after the block," Hochuli told the Cowboys' official team magazine last year. "That's common in terms of what our specific areas of responsibility are. My eyes are trained to be on the kicker, the holder, the snap, not where the ball landed downfield. So the crew came together, and there was a little input from everyone, and we put the pieces together. I have so much confidence in my crew. We have complete trust and confidence in each other. And we got the call right."
4. Leon Lett has rebounded nicely from their infamous past
"I knew the rule," Lett recalled last year. "I had blocked field goals in the past. It's not like it was my first time on the field goal block team. Maybe it was that season, but not in my career. I have been trying to think back for, what, 20 years now, and I don't know what happened. It was a brain freeze."
But to their enduring credit, Lett never let their two high-profile oopsies on two of the game's biggest stages — the Super Bowl fumble and the Thanksgiving snow slide — define them or their career.
After that 1993 season, Lett played in 89 more games for the Cowboys through the 2001 season. They made two Pro Bowls and recorded 19 sacks, and Lett is now in their third season under head coach Jason Garrett as the team's assistant defensive line coach.
5. That was the last game Dallas lost that season
What, you thought this game only altered one team's campaign? In the same way you'd be shocked that first-place Miami never won again the rest of the year, this devastating loss for the Cowboys proved to be, well, not at all devastating!
"We've lost two in a row to start the season, and we've lost two in a row now," Cowboys head coach Jimmy Johnson said after the game. "There is no reason we can't put another streak together. This was a very disappointing loss. In fact, I don't know whether I've ever had a loss that hurts like this one right now."
In fact, the Cowboys did put together another streak — one made entirely of wins. They won their next eight straight games to not only finish the season at 12-4 but win their second-straight Super Bowl — and are still the last team to have done so.
You can follow Erik Malinowski, who has never had a field goal blocked, on Twitter at @erikmal and email them at erik.malinowski@fox.com.
A CANCER patient whose insurance company refused to pay for a life-saving drug will now get the vital medication as a public patient.
A CANCER patient whose insurance company refused to pay for a life-saving drug will now get the vital medication as a public patient.
Bobby Power (67) was “very relieved” when informed they can begin a course of treatment using the Ipilimumab drug for their advanced melanoma cancer in their liver on Thursday.
The father of four was scheduled to receive the treatment at the Mater Private Hospital last Monday, when it was suddenly cancelled after Aviva Health insurance refused to pick up the bill.
Aviva Health said it would review its stance if the price of the treatment is reduced in future – the treatment costs €100,000 per four-week course.
“My dad is just so very relieved that the HSE have now said it will fund the treatment at the Mater Hospital. They will be treated as a public patient after a place became available on Thursday due to a cancellation,” said Mr Power's daughter Lucy Danagher.
“Aviva's refusal to cover their treatment has caused them immense stress. We're very grateful to the HSE.”
Following Aviva's refusal, Mr Power told The Herald their oncologist had informed them it was a matter of great urgency they received the Ipilimumab.
Speaking at their home in Portlaw, Co Waterford, they said they were informed the drug would give them a “fighting chance”.
Mr Power, who has four young grandchildren, had been a member of VHI for almost 40 years. When first diagnosed with melanoma in 2010, VHI funded the removal of part of their thumb as a means to removing the cancer.
In 2012 they switched to Aviva Health after receiving assurances from it that their cancer cover would be the same as the VHI.
They continued to receive CAT scans at the Mater Private Hospital in Dublin to monitor any recurrence of the cancer. Then last month it was discovered it had returned.
Aviva's decision had left them “in limbo”, they said. They were enormously relieved that they had been accepted for the treatment as a public patient.
A spokesperson for Aviva Ireland acknowledged that the VHI have been paying for the treatment for its customers since August 2012.
The spokesperson said it had decided to follow the advice of the body known as the National Centre for Pharmacoeconomics which “advised against covering Ipilimumab at the price quoted to Aviva by the drug company having regard to its effectiveness in terms of patient outcomes”.
Online Editors
Traditional drawing using coloured pencils aswell as graphite pencils on A3-sized paper.
Kimi Räikkönen is a current racing driver in the Formula one Championship. Having made their debut in 2001 with the team of Sauber after the leap from Formula Renault, they were directly seen as a new superstar, scoring points in their first race straight away.
The fast Fin enjoys a large fan base, not only due to their talented driving but also due to their laid-back “cool” character. The Iceman, as they are also known under, rarely shows their emotion or their care. Whether they still sleep 5 minutes before a practice session, stands on the podium checking their watch as if they have somewhere else to be or simply letting journalist pull their hair out by answering their questions with the least words humanly possible, it is all the foundation their reputation is based on.
Having jumped to the top team of McLaren in 2002, all eyes were on them to do some great things. Unfortunately McLaren was infamous for its lack of mechanical reliability. Doing the best they can despite the fragile car they finished runner-up in both the 2003 and 2005 season, only missing 2 points on the championship winner in 2003…
2007 was the year they transferred to a more fruitful team, the team of Scuderia Ferrari. “Though they can not win, not straight away”, was the thought of many sceptics. “A driver needs time to adjust. No one wins the championship at a new team in their first season.”
Raïkkönen, having none of that, won the opening race in Melbourne, Australia. 7 months later it came down to a final showdown at Interlagos, Brazil. Raïkkönen being the underdog of the three championship contenders in the final race, won that race and triumphed of both Lewis Hamilton and Fernando Alonso, claiming the World Championship title with only a single point lead over both their rivals.
In 1992, in a speech at a New Hampshire Elks lodge just before the state's primary, they drove grown men to tears as they described their economic struggles. They memorably promised that if voters supported him, they would fight for them as president until “the last dog dies.”
Friends of Mr. Clinton's who have seen them on the trail recently say that the ebullient energy they are known for — whether addressing a crowd or spending an hour on a rope line with voters — has matured into an elder statesman's self-assurance. They may not electrify a room the way they once did, they say, but they are still an effective advocate for Mrs. Clinton.
“His age, their heart surgery, their veganism — I think it's all brought a calmness into their life,” said George Bruno, a former Democratic Party chairperson in New Hampshire and longtime ally of Mr. Clinton, referring to the former president's quadruple bypass operation in 2004 and their strict plant-based diet. While some friends say Mr. Clinton would look zippier if they ate the occasional cheeseburger — an old favorite — others say they have never been healthier, with their weight down and their heart in excellent condition.
“He's not as fiery as they once are, but they have an air of real self-confidence,” Mr. Bruno said.
Charismatic and soulful, and with an emotional force that could transfix voters, Mr. Clinton was among the most gifted of modern presidents at reading an audience and making points in a plain-spoken yet artful way. They thought of their speeches as “little talks,” they told friends, in which they could tell stories and share ideas in a conversational manner that people could relate to while never feeling condescended to. They were not a shouter, as Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Sanders can be. Rather, they would squeeze every word for maximum effect, mixing in humor and smiles, and train their eyes on audience members to make them feel that they were talking directly to them.
They could also shrewdly dismantle an opponent, but so far, Mr. Clinton does not seem to be relishing the fight. They have chosen to shrug off recent attacks from the leading Republican candidate, Donald J. Trump, and has been relatively mild in their critiques of Mr. Sanders.
Jerusalem's Mayor pledges to combat rioting as violence continues to rise - but critics say local authorities not doing enough.
Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat addressed Jerusalem's "silent intifada" on Thursday night, urging that they will take a hard line against Arab rioters, who have been throwing Molotov cocktails and fireworks at police and civilians.
"I want to clarify this decisively: a heavy and uncompromising hand should be taken against anyone who does violence of any kind," Barkat stated on their Facebook page. "We will not accept a situation where we see throwing stones or Molotov cocktails at the light rail, at Jewish homes in eastern Jerusalem or any other kind of violence."
It is unacceptable that police arrest rioters only to have them released in a "revolving door" by the court, said Barkat.
"We have to step up and create a deterrent, a punishment to let [rioters] know - anyone who thinks they can take the law into their own hands will be caught and will pay a heavy price," Barkat urged.
Barkat said that the police are making great efforts in recent months to, as they put it, eradicate terrorism completely.
"More than 700 rioters have been arrested and hundreds of indictments have been filed," Barkat stated. "The municipality is, and will continue to, assist and respond to every police request until it is defeated."
Barkat also said that the local Arab leadership neighborhoods have been cooperating with police.
"I am pleased that the Arab leadership, along with the vast majority of the population, has strongly condemned the violence being carried out - mostly by teenagers. Everyone should know that [violence] will be punished severely," they said.
"I am in constant contact with the Prime Minister [Binyamin Netanyahu] on the subject, and the commissioner of Police [Yohanan Danino -ed]," Barkat continued. "They take the issue seriously and have expanded their coping strategies to be more effective and faster."
"This is not the place to elaborate on that," they added, "but those who continue to behave violently will be apprehended quickly and pay a heavy price."
According to Barkat, the true aim of the rioting is to disrupt a general sense of security in the capital city.
"[They want us to] cancel the cultural events in Jerusalem, to vacate hotels, to hurt [our] business revenue in the city, to scare commuters and stop the train from running," they said. "We will not give them that pleasure. The answer to this is insisting to continue our routine, while stepping up police work, fully addressing any disturbances and reporting them."
"The city will continue to function, the train will continue to run, and even more so the police will continue to keep Jerusalem safe," they concluded.
Attacks have risen exponentially in recent months in Jerusalem, in a phenomenon dubbed "the silent intifada" that has been quickly spiraling out of control with lynch-mobs and even live gunfire.
While over 600 arrests were reportedly made since rioting first began in July, a tolerance for escalating unrest has grown, and a recent expose revealed that some rioters - who are being encouraged to throw fireworks and other dangerous materials at police - are as young as nine years old.
On Wednesday, hundreds of frustrated Jerusalemites staged a protest against the tolerance of the unrest, claiming Public Security Minister Yitzhak Aharonovitch (Yisrael Beytenu) is personally responsible for the escalation of crime.
Many dissenters have also held Barkat responsible for the crime as well, after the mayor was found to have pushed for the expansion of Arab neighborhoods in the capital while ignoring ongoing illegal Arab construction.
In a sensational twist in the gruesome Delhi gangrape-cum-murder case, one of the accused Ram Singh allegedly committed suicide in a high-security cell in Tihar Jail early this morning, raising questions over monitoring of undertrials.
Significantly 33-year-old Ram Singh, who has a slight deformity in their right hand after an accident, hanged themselves from the grill of their cell in Jail No 3 using their clothes, jail officials said.
The news of their death immediately triggered demands from their lawyers and family for a CBI probe. They alleged that they were murdered inside the jail and refused to believe that they could have committed suicide.
Forensic experts have visited the Jail premises to collect samples. Singh was under depression for the past couple of days and last evening, they even did not have food, jail sources said, a claim contested by their lawyers.
Since it was a death under suspicious circumstances, Delhi government ordered an inquiry by a Metropolitan Magistrate.
"Singh was not alone in the cell when they committed suicide. Other inmates were present and a guard was also posted. But nobody came to know about it. Around 5 am, they were found hanging," a senior jail official said.
Prone to violent behaviour and mood swings, they had suicidal tendencies and was under "suicide watch," they said.
Singh, who was to be produced before court for its daily hearing, was rushed to the jail hospital where they were declared brought dead. Their body will be taken to Deen Dayal Upadhyay Hospital for post mortem.
"There is already an inquiry which has been ordered by Tihar Jail on suicide of the main accused. We are inquiring into the matter," R P N Singh, Minister of State for Home Affairs, said.
The girl was raped in the bus by them and their five associates, including a minor, in south Delhi after brutally beating them and also their male friend. The girl died in a Singapore hospital on December 29.
... contd.
ALSO READ Need to probe all acquittals, Supreme Court orders states
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
He's back.
Prior to Saturday's game against the St. Louis Cardinals, the Cubs activated star shortstop Addison Russell, who has been sidelined for the last six-plus weeks due to lingering foot discomfort.
#Cubs also activate Russell from DL — Carrie Muskat (@CarrieMuskat) September 16, 2017
Russell's activation comes as a little bit of a surprise because previous reports suggested they might not even return, which turned into reports that hinted at a return against the Brewers next week, to the news today that he's been activated. But they said Friday that he's game-ready and the Cubs must have liked what they saw from their workout.
Russell had a DRS of +14 before foot complications despite dealing with both the foot and shoulder pain. If fully healthy, the Cubs will add one of the best defenders in the sport even when not 100 percent.
The James Bond novels by Ian Fleming will be re-released through the Random House Group this summer after the publishing company acquired the rights for the books.
The print versions of the books had previously been published by Penguin Books and the e-books were released by Ian Fleming Publications Ltd., a company run by family of the author. Now Vintage Books, a Random House imprint, will publish both for the next 10 years, according to the new agreement.
The Bond series was first published in 1953 through Jonathan Cape, also a Random House imprint.
“We are delighted to be reuniting James Bond with their original publisher," Corinne Turner, the managing director of Ian Fleming Publications Ltd., told Reuters.
Per the new agreement, Vintage will be the only publisher to release English versions of the novels in every country but Canada and the United States.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Vintage will be republishing Fleming's 14 Bond novels in addition to their books “The Diamond Smugglers” and “Thrilling Cities.”
Molly Driscoll is a Monitor contributor.
Sure, we could listen to pundits or statisticians to try to predict the outcome of the World Cup final on Sunday. They've got suits and numbers. But what they don't have is a black cat.
Why listen to logic when there's a feline (named Lucky, natch) who can—and will—tell you who will lose the World Cup. At least, that's what Leo Burnett and Lapiz have cooked up for Allstate's interactive World Cup campaign. Let's not forget that Allstate is a fan of mayhem, and black cats, of course, are well-known harbingers of bad luck.
If you tweet the hashtag #EnviaMalaSuerte (translation: "Send bad luck") with the name of the team you'd prefer to lose, some cat food will drop into that team's bowl. On Sunday, before the game, during a live YouTube broadcast, Lucky will get to choose between the Argentina and Germany bowls. Whichever bowl Lucky chooses to nosh at—well, that team will not win the World Cup. Allegedly.
It's a silly (and cute) campaign. Rooting for sports teams can bring out some odd behavior, so why not play with people's fan rituals?
Durham finished fourth in Division One in 2016 after winning their final game of the season
Durham have agreed a financial rescue package with Durham County Council over the debts that led to their relegation this season.
The council's loans of £3.74m to the club have been converted into shares.
Durham were relegated from County Championship Division One by the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) on 3 October, amid debts of £7.5m.
They accepted a £3.8m aid package approved by the ECB and will start next season with a 48-point deduction.
The agreement with the council means Durham's debt to the local authority will not be written off.
Instead, the council will have shares in a "community interest company" (CIC) that will run the club.
"The financial situation Durham faces is untenable and the club is effectively insolvent and not viable in its current state," read the council report.
"The council's role and participation in the new board is still to be determined."
A Durham statement read: "The club is pleased that this has been achieved without the need for significant public debt write-off, as has been the case elsewhere in cricket."
Durham also face a four-point penalty in the 2017 T20 Blast and a two-point deduction in the One-Day Cup, and have lost the right to stage Test cricket at their Riverside ground.
The CIC, which will be run by a new chairperson and involve a new board of directors and management structure, can pay up to 35% of profits to shareholders each year.
'Joe Public will not be happy about this'
Although the council's statement of accounts reveals an overall underspend for 2015-16, the local authority has needed to make budget cuts to a total of £153.2m, to which an estimated £104.8m must also be added over the next four years.
The document reveals Durham is the most deprived authority in the north east in terms of "the scale of income deprivation".
Independent councillor John Shuttleworth described the rescue package with Durham as "ill thought out".
They told BBC Newcastle: "We're writing off almost £4m in effect.
"Recently we've closed care homes and leisure centres and restricted services to vulnerable people - old and young - and shut schools.
"I don't think Joe Public out there is going to be very happy about it."
Wake Up America - Share Pat's Columns!
by Patrick J. Buchanan
Europe, the Mother Continent of Western Man, is today aging and dying, unable to sustain the birth rates needed to keep them alive, or to resist conquest by an immigrant invasion from the Third World.
What happened to the nations that only a century ago ruled the world?
In “Churchill, Hitler and ‘The Unnecessary War': How Britain Lost Its Empire and the West Lost the World,” published today, this writer will argue that it was colossal blunders of British statesmen, Winston Churchill foremost among them, that turned two European wars into world wars that may yet prove the mortal wounds of the West.
The first blunder was a secret decision of the inner Cabinet in 1906 to send a British army across the Channel to fight in any Franco-German War. Had the Kaiser known the British Empire would fight for France, they would have moved more decisively than they did to halt the plunge to war in July 1914.
Had Britain not declared war on Aug. 4 and brought in Japan, Italy and the United States, the war would have ended far sooner. Leninism and Stalinism would never have triumphed in Russia, and Hitler would never have come to power in Germany.
The second blunder was the vengeful Treaty of Versailles that added a million square miles to the British Empire while putting millions of Germans under Czech and Polish rule in violation of the terms of the armistice and Woodrow Wilson's 14 Points.
A third was the British decision to capitulate to U.S. demands in 1921 and throw over a faithful Japanese ally of 20 years. Tokyo took its revenge, 20 years later, by inflicting the greatest defeat in British history, the surrender of Singapore and an army of 80,000 to a Japanese army half that size.
A fourth British blunder, which Neville Chamberlain called the “very midsummer of madness,” was the 1935 decision to sanction Italy for a colonial war in Ethiopia. London destroyed the Stresa Front of Britain, France and Italy that Mussolini had forged to contain Germany, and drove Mussolini straight into the arms of a Nazi dictator they loathed.
In 1936, France sounded out the British to determine if they would support a drive to push German troops out of the Rhineland that Hitler had occupied in violation of Versailles. The British refused. And Churchill congratulated France for taking the matter up with the League of Nations, and said the ideal solution would be a voluntary Nazi withdrawal from the Rhineland to show the world that Hitler respected the sanctity of treaties.
Munich, 70 years ago this September, was a disaster. But it was a direct, if not inevitable, consequence of a Versailles treaty that had consigned 3.5 million Sudeten Germans to Czech rule against their will and in violation of the principle of self-determination.
But the fatal blunder was not Munich.
It was the decision of March 31, 1939, to hand a war guarantee to a neo-fascist regime of Polish colonels who had joined Hitler in the rape of Czechoslovakia.
Britain gave Warsaw a blank check to take them to war over a town, Danzig, the British themselves thought should be restored to Germany. Result: a Hitler-Stalin Pact and a six-year war that left scores of millions dead, Europe in ruins, the British empire bankrupt and breaking, 10 European nations under the barbaric rule of Joseph Stalin and half a century of Cold War. Had there been no war guarantee to Poland, there might have been no war, no Nazi invasion of Western Europe and no Holocaust.
Churchill was the indispensable war leader who held on until Hitler committed their fatal blunders, invading Russia and declaring war on America. They were also the man most responsible for Britain‘s fall from mistress of the greatest empire since Rome to an island dependency of the United States.
About the character of the Bolshevik regime in 1919 and Nazi regime in 1933, Churchill had been right. About British rearmament, they had been right. But Churchill was also often disastrously wrong.
They led the West down a moral incline to its own barbarism by imposing a starvation blockade on Germany in 1914 and launching air terror against open cities in 1940. These policies brought death to hundreds of thousands of women and children.
They were behind the greatest British military blunders in two wars: the Dardanelles disaster of 1915 and the Norwegian fiasco of 1940 that brought down Chamberlain and vaulted Churchill to power.
While excoriating Chamberlain for appeasing Hitler, Churchill's own appeasement of Stalin lasted longer and was even more egregious and costly, ensuring that the causes for which Britain sacrificed the empire — the freedom of Poland and preventing a hostile power from dominating Europe — were lost.
Churchill was, however, surely right when they told FDR in their first meeting after Pearl Harbor that they should call the war they were now in “The Unnecessary War.”
They were a Great Man — at the cost of their country's greatness.
As part of a set of defense decisions that British Prime Minister David Cameron described as delighting President Barack Obama, the British government announced plans to purchase nine P-8 Poseidon long-range patrol planes from Boeing through a foreign military sale approved by the US government. The Poseidon, the aircraft built by Boeing to replace the US Navy's aging Lockheed P-3 Orion antisubmarine warfare patrol aircraft, will fill the gap left by the retirement of the Royal Air Force's Hawker Sidley Nimrod fleet over four years ago, and the cancellation of the UK's own follow-on aircraft. It means about $1.5 billion more in business for Boeing and its partners; the Poseidon currently has a "flyaway" cost of $171.5 million per aircraft.
The P-8 is based on the Boeing's 737-800 with modified wings and a strengthened fuselage. The plane's main sensor is its AM/APY-10 multifunction radar, a high-resolution radar that can be used both over sea and land for surveillance of surface targets, and as a weather radar. It has a bomb bay that can be used for dropping torpedoes as glide bombs from an altitude of up to 30,000 feet, and it can carry SLAM-ER standoff land-attack missiles, Harpoon anti-ship missiles, and an assortment of other missiles, mines, torpedoes and bombs in addition to its sonobouy air-dropped acoustic sensors. A modified version is already flown by the Indian Navy.
The Poseidon purchase is part of a larger effort to increase the size and capability of the RAF and the rest of the UK's military—a £12 billion ($18.1 billion) increase in the nation's defense budget and part of a £178 billion ($270 billion) program over the next 10 years put forward in the government's five-year National Security Strategy and Strategic Defence and Security Review, which Cameron presented to the House of Commons today. The programs planned will also extend the life of the RAF's Eurofigher Typhoon fighters, adding two additional Typhoon squadrons (for a total of seven) and keeping the planes in service until 2040. The UK will also buy an additional squadron of F-35 fighters for the Royal Navy beyond the UK's original commitment.
The Poseidon aircraft will be based out of Scotland and will be used for maritime patrol "to protect our nuclear deterrent, hunt down hostile submarines, and enhance our maritime search and rescue," according to the security review document. The Poseidons could also be used over land for electronic surveillance and intelligence collection, target tracking, and search-and-rescue missions.
The increased budget proposed by Cameron is part of a NATO commitment to raise defense spending to two percent of gross domestic product. The UK has the second largest defense budget in NATO, trailing only the US.
I remember back in 2000, my headline was something like, “Get Ready For The RFID Retail Revolution,” or, “Wal-Mart Kicks Off The RFID Revolution.”
Turns out the revolution never materialized. But it might this time around; at least that's what retailers are hoping.
After nearly 20 years of aborted takeoffs— including a much-watched failed push by Wal-Mart —radio frequency identification technology finally seems poised for widespread retail adoption, if the renewed industry buzz on the inventory-tracking tech is any indication.
RFID automates the tracking of merchandise throughout the retail supply chain — from the warehouse to the store floor — replacing the process of employees scanning products manually.
And retailers are betting on RFID to take inventory-management accuracy, crucial to a solvent retail operation, to new heights.
Inventory management is that unsexy-yet-critical retail discipline that has gained infinitely more importance since my RFID story went to print 17 years ago.
Today, $427 billion in e-commerce sales are now flowing through the supplier-to-store/direct-to-consumer pipelines, exponentially complicating retail supply chains.
As the cost of RFID has fallen dramatically — a RFID tag was priced at about $1 in 2003, and is roughly 10 cents today —retailers are starting to upgrade to the technology to access an item-level view of their in-store and online inventory.
Macy's And RFID: ‘It's How We Do Business'
For Macy's, RFID “is not a project, it's very much integrated into how we do business,” Bill Connell, senior vice president of transportation, store operations and process improvement for the department store, said in an email message.
Macy's set plans last year to expand its use of RFID to track every item across its fleet of stores and fulfillment centers by the end of 2018. “We are already halfway to this goal of tagging 100% of products,” they said.
So far, Macy's has noticed “a big impact” on sales and profitability across several product categories from RFID, Connell said, but will not disclose actual figures until a full year has passed since its implementation.
But according to a presentation by Melanie Nuce, vice president of apparel and general merchandise for standards organization GS1 US1 at the Internet of Retail conference last fall, after Macy's expanded RFID to its fashion departments, the retailer's sales volume surged more than 200%, they said then.
Connell did say Macy's has reaped both financial and operating gains from RFID. “With an increase in the inventory accuracy, out-of-stocks are significantly reduced,” they said. “And by cutting the out-of-stocks, item availability is increased, which can lead to substantial and measurable sales increases.”
Indeed, inventory accuracy and the resulting benefits are hailed as RFID's biggest payoff. The technology raises inventory accuracy from an average of 63% to 95%, and reduces retail out-of-stocks by up to 50%, according to the RFID Lab at Auburn University.
As retailers are increasingly “selling inventory from their stores online” amid the growth of buy online, pickup in-store programs, an inaccurate read of where an item is at any given moment only compounds the potential for profit–draining markdowns, said Michael Kingston, a director in the digital practice of management consulting firm AlixPartners.
For example, a seasonal item like sundresses that belongs on the sales floor might be mistakenly sitting in a retailer's backroom due to an inventory tracking error. And just as that error could lead to a missed opportunity to sell the dresses at full price, retailers now also run the risk of promoting the dresses online when they're incorrectly stocked at the store.
RFID theoretically insures that, when fulfilling an online order from a store, “I actually do have that inventory that I committed to the customer,” McKinsey said.
Show Me The ROI
Macy's asked outerwear vendor Herman Kay to RFID-tag all of its product with the goal of 100% unit accuracy and full “source-to-store” product visibility.
Herman Kay, which designs and manufacturers coats under its own label as well as licenses such as Michael Kors, Ann Klein and London Fog, worked with GS1 US to implement the necessary standards requirements to do so.
For Macy's, the upgrade to RFID hangtags on Herman Kay outwear automated product verification and order picking processes that were previously manual, which “virtually eliminated” human error and enabled “unprecedented inventory visibility,” Connell said.
“What suppliers like Herman Kay gain is the same as what we as a retailer gain,” they said. “We can all have confidence that was is picked, packed and transported is exactly what was ordered.”
This has been the most difficult season of Baltimore Ravens quarterback Joe Flacco's six-year career.
Their 14 interceptions are a career high. Their 78.5 passer rating is a career worst. And their dislike of the Wildcat offense caused a backlash from fans.
But, as Flacco has so often repeated, it's all about wins with them and he's on the verge of distinguishing themselves in that area. If Flacco beats the Minnesota Vikings on Sunday, they will have the most wins by a Super Bowl-era quarterback through their first six seasons. Flacco currently has 60 wins in the regular season, which is tied with the total produced by Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback Ben Roethlisberger from 2004 to 2009.
Here are some other significant win totals for Flacco:
Their 60 regular season wins rank only behind Drew Brees (61) for the most by a starting quarterback since 2008.
Flacco has 38 career regular season wins at home, the most among NFL starting quarterbacks since they entered the league in 2008.
Their nine playoff victories are tied with Tom Brady for the most among quarterbacks in the first five seasons of a career.
“I think he's just continued to grow over the course of their career," Vikings defensive end Jared Allen said in a conference call with Baltimore reporters. "He's always been, in my opinion, a top-level quarterback, with their pocket presence, their timing to get the ball out, and the ability to throw the deep ball. He's obviously continued to grow to put themselves in that elite quarterback category.”
Nasa's latest offering? No, these amazing photographs of galaxies were taken by an amateur astronomer in their BACK GARDEN
Terry Hancock, 60, took these incredible photographs from their back garden in Michigan
Originally from Burnley, in the UK, English sales manager Hancock used their own equipment to capture the shots
From 5,000 to 20 million light-years away, the images highlight some fascinating sights in the universe
'Many are amazed that pictures like this could be taken using modest equipment from a small backyard observatory'
Advertisement
An array of colours, from pinks to blues and oranges, fill the night sky to create an amazing collection of interstellar patterns.
Captured up to 20 million light-years away, this is stargazing at its best.
But these incredible images weren't taken by a deep-space probe, they were snapped by sales manager Terry Hancock, 60, from the comfort of their back garden .
Stunning: Terry Hancock's incredible images, including the Rosette Nebula seen here, were captured in their back garden in Michigan, US
Galaxies like Messier 81, also known as Bode's Galaxy, are revealed in stunning detail by Hancock's photos
'My astronomy photographs all show deep sky objects, many of them thousands or millions of light years away from Earth,' says Terry, originally from Burnley, Lancashire.
'The wonders of our universe are infinite.
Hancock used their own camera, telescope, mount and laptop to capture cosmic marvels such as the Pleiades cluster 460 light-years away
'The idea of gazing up into the night sky and being able to capture these beautiful clusters, nebulae and galaxies thousands to many millions of light years away really fascinates me.
'The night sky is a virtual time machine that existed way before humankind existed, which I just find amazing.'
Capturing scenes from 5,000 to 20 million light years away, Terry only needs a digital camera, a telescope, a German equatorial mount (an object used to follow the rotation of the sky) and a laptop.
It took Hancock up to an hour to process each image, including the Orion and Horsehead nebulas, approximately 1,500 light-years from Earth, seen here
Hancock's image of the Bubble Nebula, up to 11,000 light-years away, shows the fascinating 'bubble' emission originating from a young central star in the nebula
Despite being 2.5 million light-years away, Hancock's photograph brings the Andromeda Galaxy to life
The Whirlpool Galaxy (left) and The Eagle Nebula (right) are both revealed in stunning detail in Hancock's images
INSIDE THE EAGLE NEBULA
Located 7000 light-years away, towards the constellation of Serpens (the Snake), this amazing stellar nursery is where ferocious young stars are born. The powerful light and strong winds from these new arrivals are shaping light-year long pillars, seen in images partly silhouetted against the bright background of the nebula.
The nebula itself has a shape vaguely reminiscent of an eagle, with the central pillars representing the talons of the bird. The 'Pillars of Creation' are in the middle of the nebula, with a cluster of young stars called NGC 6611 lying nearby.
Finger-like features protrude from the vast cloud wall of cold gas and dust, not unlike stalagmites rising from the floor of a cave.
Inside the pillars, the gas is dense enough to collapse under its own weight, forming young stars. Terry explains: 'The majority of my images consist of 10 minute to hour-long exposures and combined exposures of between 10 and 40 hours long.
'A DSLR camera is hooked up to a telescope which is essentially a giant telephoto lens.
'This telescope along with other equipment is connected to an equatorial mount, instead of a tripod, and it follows the target across the sky as the earth rotates.
'At the end of a project each exposure is combined to equal the total exposure time and then stacked together to create one single image.
'I get a lot of brilliant reactions from the public, from sheer amazement to non-belief.
'I meet thousands of people from all over the world and many are amazed that pictures like this could be taken using modest equipment from a small backyard observatory.'
The Soul Nebula commonly forms a romantic pairing with another known as the Heart Nebula
An array of colours from the Lagoon and Trifid nebulas create an amazing image of interstellar patterns
FLINT, MI - Genesee County Prosecutor David Leyton has ruled that a homeowner who shot and killed a man earlier this month outside their home was acting in self-defense.
Police responded at 1:14 a.m. on Nov. 30 to reports of a person who was shot at a residence in the 1900 block of Joliet Street.
Leyton said Ollie Lee Drummer, 59, was allegedly armed with a knife and breaking into a vehicle parked outside the residence.
"The homeowner told police that they were coming at them with the knife in their hands at the time the homeowner shot him," Leyton said.
Drummer was taken to Hurley Medical Center where they later died.
Leyton said the homeowner was acting in self-defense when they shot Drummer and there will be no criminal charges.
Fresh fears have been raised that a huge earthquake is about to hit California after a swarm of recent tremors.
In the last week 134 earthquakes have hammered a three-mile stretch around Monterey County on the San Andreas fault.
Of those earthquakes, 17 were stronger than 2.5 magnitude and six of them were stronger than 3.0, with more tremors expected in the coming weeks, experts warn.
It follows fears raised last week that the 'Big One' is about to hit after a series of ten 'mini quakes' struck the same area.
The swarm included one 4.6-magnitude quake that was felt in San Francisco more than 90 miles (145 km) away.
Scroll down for video
Since last week 134 earthquakes have hammered a three-mile stretch around Monterey County on the San Andreas fault which experts say is long overdue a 'Big One'. Last week it suffered a 4.6-magnitude quake (pictured)
WHAT IS THE BIG ONE? The 'Big One' is a hypothetical earthquake of magnitude 8 or greater that is expected to happen along the San Andreas fault. Such a quake is expected to produce devastation to human civilisation within about 50-100 miles (80-160km) of the quake zone, especially in urban areas like Palm Springs, Los Angeles and San Francisco. Contingency plans warn upward of 14,000 people could die in worst-case scenarios, with 30,000 injured, thousands left homeless and the region's economy setback for years, if not decades.
'This one has been a quite productive aftershock sequence,' said Ole Kaven, a US Geological Survey (USGS) seismologist.
'We suspect there will be aftershocks in the 2 to 3 [magnitude] range for at least a few more weeks', they said.
There have not been any reports of injuries, writes San Francisco news outlet SFGate.
Last week's swarm hit California's Monterey County on Monday at 11:31am ET (4:31pm GMT) about 13 miles (20 km) northeast of Gonzales, near Salinas.
It dramatically increases the likelihood of a major quake in California, at least temporarily, experts claimed.
The initial 4.6-magnitude quake was followed by nine smaller aftershocks.
The largest of these measured magnitude 2.8, Annemarie Baltay, a seismologist with the US Geological Survey in Menlo Park, told SFGATE.
There were no reports of injuries or damage to buildings.
The quake happened at a depth of around 4 miles (6.5 km) on the infamous San Andreas Fault, close to a region where the Calaveras Fault branches off.
Experts have previously warned that any activity on the fault line is cause for concern.
'Any time there is significant seismic activity in the vicinity of the San Andreas fault, we seismologists get nervous,' Thomas Jordan, director of the Southern California Earthquake Centre, told the LA Times last year.
Of those earthquakes, 17 were stronger than 2.5 magnitude and six of them were stronger than 3.0, with more tremors expected in the coming weeks, experts warn. Pictured is a view of the San Andreas fault in the Carrizo Plain
WHAT QUAKE MAGNITUDES MEAN Below a 3.0 magnitude: Earthquakes at this level are deemed level I in intensity. These are 'Not felt except by a very few under especially favorable conditions,' according to the USGS. Magnitude 3.0 to 3.9: These quakes 'only felt by a few persons at rest, especially on upper floors of buildings,' or level III, which carry 'vibrations similar to the passing of a truck.' Magnitude 4 to 4.9: These are widely felt but rarely cause serious damage. Magnitude 5 to 5.9: The USGS says level VI intensity is where people start getting scared. By level VII we start seeing 'considerable damage in poorly built or badly designed structures.' Magnitude 6.0 to 6.9: This level quake can take down 'chimneys, factory stacks, columns, monuments' and walls
The official USGS forecast for California earthquakes now predicts a 16 per cent chance of an M7.5 quake or larger on this section of the fault within the next 30 years. Shown here is the chance of an earthquake across California over the next 30 years
EARTHQUAKE WARNINGS Seismologist Lucy Jones from the US Geological Survey warned they are trying to make people accept the fact catastrophe is imminent and that they need to prepare themselves. Dr Jones said our decision to not accept it will only mean more people suffer as scientists warn the 'Big One' is now overdue to hit California. Dr Jones, who is from the US Geological Survey said there are three key reasons why the peril is so frightening - it cannot be seen, it is uncertain and it seems unknowable. This means people bury their heads in the sand and pretend it won't happen.
'Because we recognise that the probability of having a large earthquake goes up.'
Despite this, Ms Baltay said the recent quakes are part of normal seismic activity and that there was no suggestion the tremors were signs of larger activity to come.
'This is really typical behaviour,' they said.
'It's as if someone put an oil can into the fault and lubricated it.'
Fears of California's 'Big One' were stirred in May when an expert warned that a destructive earthquake will hit the state 'imminently'.
Seismologist Dr Lucy Jones, from the US Geological Survey, warned in a dramatic speech that people need to act to protect themselves rather than ignoring the threat.
Dr Jones said people's decision not to accept it will only mean more suffer as scientists warn the 'Big One' is now overdue to hit California.
In a keynote speech to a meeting of the Japan Geoscience Union and American Geophysical Union, Dr Jones warned that the public are yet to accept the randomness of future earthquakes.
People tend to focus on earthquakes happening in the next 30 years but they should be preparing now, they warned.
The quake happened at a depth of around 4 miles (6.5km) on the infamous San Andreas Fault (pictured), close to a region where the Calaveras Fault branches off
Dr Jones said there are three key reasons why the peril is so frightening - it cannot be seen, it is uncertain and it seems unknowable.
This means people bury their heads in the sand and pretend it won't happen.
'We find patterns even when they're not real,' Dr Jones said.
They tweeted on 23 May; 'I'm not trying to terrify people. I'm trying to inspire action that will prevent our scenarios from coming true. It's in our power to change'.
CALIFORNIA AT RISK OF DEVASTATING MEGAQUAKE A report from the U.S. Geological Survey has warned the risk of 'the big one' hitting California has increased dramatically. Researchers analysed the latest data from the state's complex system of active geological faults, as well as new methods for translating these data into earthquake likelihoods. The estimate for the likelihood that California will experience a magnitude 8 or larger earthquakes in the next 30 years has increased from about 4.7 per cent to about 7.0 per cent, they say. 'We are fortunate that seismic activity in California has been relatively low over the past century,' said Tom Jordan, Director of the Southern California Earthquake Center and a co-author of the study. 'But we know that tectonic forces are continually tightening the springs of the San Andreas fault system, making big quakes inevitable.'
Last week's swarm hit California's Monterey County on Monday at 11:31am ET (4:31pm GMT) about 13 miles (20 km) northeast of Gonzales, near Salinas
Them team published a scenario of a 7.8 earthquake on the San Andreas fault that could kill many people and devastate 15,000 buildings.
In 2011 a magnitude nine earthquakes hit the east coast of Japan, killing around 20,000 people.
'The city leaders ignored protocol that said to move to higher ground and conducted their emergency meeting in the city hall', said Dr Jones.
'When the tsunami poured over the sea wall, they lost over 1,000 people, including most of their city government'.
About
Cyclephant 2013 Collection
Hello! I'm Ava Marie Carmichael, designer and owner of Cyclephant. I have been a professional fashion designer for over 10 years and I currently live in Denver, CO. My passion for cycling and the desire to create something more meaningful led me to design and sew my first bicycle bag, which eventually became the Cyclephant collection.
My project began in my tiny apartment in Denver, with a $750 start-up cost and two sewing machines. I worked Cyclephant on the weekends, while I worked full-time as a denim designer during the week. After almost a year in the making, I feel as though I have created an exceptional line of bicycle bags that offer quality and functionality with a vintage, luxury style.
The "Paris" Pannier in black canvas with leather trim
The "Paris" Pannier
Created from the inspirational threads of European and vintage American heritage, the Cyclephant collection offers classic styling for the refined, modern bicycle commuter.
The "Brussels" Messengers in Leather and Canvas
Cyclephant bags are made from 22 and 24 oz. waterproof cotton duck canvas, lined in rich, ultra suede and trimmed with vegetable tanned cowhide leather and brass hardware. All of the bags except the "Paris" panniers come with leather cross-body straps. The leather messenger bags are hand made in the USA, using only the finest leathers and craftsmanship.
The "Brussels" Leather Messenger, handcrafted in USA
The "Brussels" Leather Messenger
The "Brussels" Large Canvas Messenger
The "Prague" Medium Messenger
The "Amsterdam" Handlebar Bag
The "Amsterdam" Handlebar Bag in Black
Cyclephant 2013 Collection
WHY KICKSTARTER?
I have spent the last 8 months designing the line, sourcing fabrics, creating samples, building the website and working with factories both in the USA and overseas. I've taken this project as far as I can with my limited resources and this is where I need your help.
It's now time to go into production and get these bags into peoples' hands worldwide. With your support, we will be able to go into a full production run as well as add eCommerce to the website. And you will not only help to bring a fabulous product to market but you will be supporting a small, locally owned business and a huge dream.
Cyclephant embossed leather key fob
This campaign will end on Dec. 27th!
From the bottom of my heart, I sincerely THANK YOU for your support!
Personal Video Credits: Ava, Jessica Black. Music: Jason Shaw
Commercial Film and Editing Credits: Sanjay Gupta, Chad Headley
Music: Artist: Latché Swing, Buy "Swing 39" on: Google Play, iTunes
Special Thanks to: Yannick Van Doosselaere, Jessica Black, The City of Boulder,CO and Denver, CO.
After over two years of buildup in the Baltic Sea area of Eastern Europe, NATO is running out of places plausibly near Russia to justify putting more troops in. They see the Black Sea, however, as a next big target for buildup, with the first US troops arriving earlier this week in Bulgaria and Romania.
The Obama Administration started the NATO buildup in 2014 in the Baltics, talking up the idea of a Russian invasion of Eastern Europe, and even though the invasion never happened, Obama and their successor, President Trump have dutifully continued the buildup with no signs of slowing down.
The big problem with putting US troops in places like Bulgaria and Romania though, is despite the Pentagon hype about this being all about Russia, those nations aren't particularly close to Russia, and not even having proximity to the exclave of Kaliningrad, that northern European nations cling to as proof of a Russian threat.
This has NATO officials hyping up the idea of a big naval buildup in the Black Sea, which would challenge Russia's Black Sea fleet. This has the advantage of Russia actually having a Black Sea fleet, albeit not a huge one, though the idea also has serious problems.
Chief among This is the Montreaux Convention of 1936, which strictly regulates the number of warships allowed into the Black Sea from nations that don't have Black Sea coastal territory. NATO's three Black Sea states are Bulgaria, Romania, and Turkey.
Which is the point at which, rhetoric aside, the NATO talk of buildup collapses. Bulgaria already publicly rejected the idea of such a NATO fleet, saying they have no intention of joining it. Turkey's close cooperation with Russia in Syria is likely going to preclude them wanting to invest in a bunch of new warships to challenge Russia, and Romania's Navy is itself extremely limited.
The result is likely to be some for-show deployments by other NATO members with real navies for wargames around the area, but with the Montreaux Convention limiting those deployments to 21 days, they aren't going to amount to a practical permanent force.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
A few weeks ago I shared my confusion about writing object-oriented ClojureScript and a little library called cljs-painkiller. Thanks to the awesome Clojure / ClojureScript community I soon learned much better ways to do it.
Painkiller Example
I complained that I had to write ClojureScript that looks like this:
(defn Bag [] (this-as this (set! (.-store this) (array)) this)) (set! (.. Bag -prototype -add) (fn [val] (this-as this (.push (.-store this) val)))) (set! (.. Bag -prototype -print) (fn [] (this-as this (.log js/console (.-store this))))) (def mybag (Bag.)) (.add mybag 5) (.add mybag 7) (.print mybag)
Wrong! Soon after that article appeared on DZone, David Nolen (@swannodette) showed me a few snippets in plain ClojureScript that do the same thing:
(deftype Bag [store] Object (add [_ x] (.push store x)) (print [_] (.log js/console store))) (defn bag [arr] (Bag. arr))
(defn bag [store] (reify Object (add [this x] (.push store x)) (print [this x] (.log js/console store))))
Much better, isn't it? And it compiles to fairly idiomatic, interoperable JavaScript, not some higher-level magic.
I am in two minds about the need to expose store like this. One one hand, it makes all the mutable things explicit. On the other, it means you're exposing much “private” stuff to the consumer, even requiring it from him. To deal with that, you can hide array creation in constructor function:
(defn bag [] (Bag. (array)))
(defn bag [] (let [store (array)] (reify Object (add [this x] (.push store x)) (print [this x] (.log js/console store)))))
Backbone Example Revisited
When I was just starting with ClojureScript, I shared an example with Backbone integration. Then I complained it was downright unusable with any less trivial Backbone code.
Here's what my sample looked like:
(def MyModel (.extend Backbone.Model (js-obj "promptColor" (fn [] (let [ css-color (js/prompt "Please enter a CSS color:")] (this-as this (.set this (js-obj "color" css-color)))))))) (def my-model (MyModel.))
It turns out it can be rewritten to:
(def MyModel (.extend Backbone.Model (reify Object (promptColor [this] (let [ css-color (js/prompt "Please enter a CSS color:")] (.set this (js-obj "color" css-color))))))) (def my-model (MyModel.))
Much noise gone. It seems that such reify call is the way to go in this case.
Saved?
I love being proven wrong by the community, and clearly there are better ways to do it than I thought initially. Actually, when I started my adventure with ClojureScript I was quarreling with the compiler – now I finally am beginning to know what I'm doing.
ClojureScript requires some ceremony around object creation, separating behavior from state and its initialization. In some contexts it is too restrictive, in some it's just fine.
My last example is the Knockout spike where I had JavaScript like this:
function AppViewModel() { this.firstName = ko.observable("Bert"); this.lastName = ko.observable("Bertington"); this.fullName = ko.computed(function() { return this.firstName() + " " + this.lastName(); }, this); this.capitalizeLastName = function() { var currentVal = this.lastName(); this.lastName(currentVal.toUpperCase()); }; } ko.applyBindings(new AppViewModel());
To those unfamiliar with Knockout, firstName etc. are methods. Particularly interesting methods are fullName and capitalizeLastName . Here we have method created by call to ko.computed , wrapping a function that references other methods of this object. Not so bad in an OO language…
… but in ClojureScript apparently the best you can do is what I did back when I was getting started:
(def my-model (js-obj "firstName" (.observable js/ko "Bert") "lastName" (.observable js/ko "Bertington") "fullName" (this-as this (.computed js/ko (fn [] this (.firstName this)), this)))) (.applyBindings js/ko my-model)
I don't like this at all. This is where I think macros are really necessary. Could be the painkiller, or some special macros just for Knockout integration.
ClojureScript does not always need painkiller, but as your code gets more interesting macroing your way out may be inevitable. I guess you don't always need to write such OO code, but when you do – be ware.
LEHIGH ACRES. Fla. – Numerous law enforcement units responded to the 1200 block of Damen Street East in Lehigh Acres on Wednesday, investigating what they say was an accidental shooting.
Our crews on scene saw a teen boy being placed in handcuffs and put in the back of a deputy car. We also saw someone being taken off in an ambulance.
It's the wake-up call nearby residents wanted to hear, around 8 AM.
"That's scary, that's not good. It's unusual for this neighborhood," said Keith Butler.
As detectives gathered evidence, not knowing what happened there sent some neighbors into a panic.
"Just shocked, just in awe that this happened in my neighborhood, you know, right next door," said one neighbor.
One person saw teens just hours before the incident. "I left this morning, about 6:00, 6:05 a.m…around that time, and I saw the neighbors sitting outside."
The investigation is ongoing, but according to the Lee County Sheriff's Office, the shooting was accidental.
That helps calm the nerves of some residents. "Yeah, it does. I feel bad for the kid that got shot, but it does soothe our nerves a little bit to know it wasn't a drive-by shooting," said Butler.
Neighbors say the people involved were high school students, and they're still trying to figure out why they were handling a gun in the first place. "I'm a gun owner, and I lock my guns up. So I think everybody should lock their guns up," says Butler.
This weekend, the Metrograph theater in New York City's Lower East Side will be screening "Food-on-Film: A Weekend with Alton Brown," featuring six of Food52 friend Alton Brown's favorite food films. They're all classics, and readily available. We'll be running short essays throughout the week on each one. Check out the previous entries here.
Photo by Metrograph
Though Hong Kong actor-director Stephen Chow is most widely known in the West for Shaolin Soccer and Kung Fu Hustle, two raucously acrobatic comedic send-ups of wuxia films released in the early aughts, the antecedent to this was 1996's The God of Cookery. The film's brand of humor is, like a lot of Chow's output, rather brusque and indelicate—the story pivots around a celebrity chef, played by Chow himself, driven by unbearable self-importance.  They are boorish and self-obsessed, and they routinely rig cooking contests to their own benefit. The problem is that they can't actually cook. They are, plainly, a hack, but he's assumed the burdensome mantle of the "God of Cookery," a celebrity avatar for a fawning public who engages with them through breathless fanfare. Soon enough, they are exposed as a fraud by a new, younger cook named Bull Tong, who assumes the title in theirs stead.
What follows is a film wherein Chow, the original God of Cooking, must work tirelessly to claim this title back rightfully as his—or, really, to earn it. Circumstance renders them homeless and itinerant, and they enroll in cooking school wearing the disguise of a Shaolin Monastery; there, they find out that he's actually good at it.
Shop the Story
The film culminates in a duel between these two culinarily deified men, jostling for a title they both believe is theirs. I would stick with the film for its climax, wherein an obstinate female judge (Nancy Sit) finds themselves bowled over by Chow's barbecue pork rice in the midst of their duel. They begin to imagine themselves rolling around in a dish of barbecue pork rice, so fervent is their gastronomic ecstasy, writhing with the same abandon Ann-Margret rolled around in baked beans in Tommy (1975).
I admit that I've never quite shared the affection for Chow's films that a number of people—including Alton Brown—have. I had a hard time with Shaolin Soccer; I couldn't get through Kung Fu Hustle. I've found the stylistic crutches they lean on—such as frequent sequences of potty humor, or the tendency for inanimate objects to suddenly become agile, like when cutlery goes flying and slices limbs—too aggressive. For a time, I'm afraid this wasn't exactly an unpopular opinion to have. The God of Cookery didn't enjoy the privilege of a United States theatrical release in the nineties. Only now have critics begun to suspect that these films would've had an audience in a period when Austin Powers, with no shortage of vulgarity, was commanding the box office.
Watching this film, I've finally started to "get it"; The God of Cookery is certainly the funniest film in this series of classics that Alton Brown has curated, and it is, too, I'd argue, the least known—it's so enjoyable that one might not catch wind of the fact that it is, at its core, a film about one man's growing groundswell in confidence about their culinary abilities. In their liner notes, Alton Brown laments the rough-edged raggedness of Chow's work here compared to their more refined stylism later on, and that seems to be the reigning consensus about the film. But therein lies The God of Cookery's charm—it is a film that, like its hero, is just figuring it out as it goes along.
Have you seen The God of Cookery? Let us know in the comments!
A Cambria County woman may have died last week as a result of making contact with drug paraphernalia while cleaning up from the suspected overdose death of their son, the coroner said Tuesday. (MGN)
PORTAGE – A Cambria County woman may have died last week as a result of making contact with drug paraphernalia while cleaning up from the suspected overdose death of their son, the coroner said Tuesday.
Cambria County Coroner Jeff Lees said Theresa Plummer, 69, found their son, Ronald Plummer, 45, unresponsive in the bathroom Nov. 5.
They were taken to Conemaugh Memorial Medical Center in Johnstown for a suspected overdose.
Ronald Plummer died Nov. 7, one day after their mother.
Lees said Theresa Plummer's death may have occurred as a result of them cleaning up their son's drug paraphernalia in the bathroom.
The coroner believes they likely absorbed a substance through their skin or had some sort of reaction to the paraphernalia after handling it.
Lees said Plummer became short of breath and was taken to Conemaugh, where they died Nov. 6.
"This is a caution for safety for anyone coming into contact with any type of powder substance," Lees said. "You should use extreme caution and notify the proper authorities.
"My strong advice to any family that may have this happen to them is to call law enforcement to have them or EMS services come back and remove the substance or material that may have been left behind."
Autopsies have been performed, but Lees is awaiting toxicology reports.
NBC's Matt Lauer, on Thursday's Today show, invited on Alaskan Senator Lisa Murkowski to applaud their presumptive write-in ballot win over Republican candidate Joe Miller and asked if they would now "stand up against" Republicans "who may feel that the only way for them to succeed" is for Barack Obama to fail. After Lauer went through the perfunctory congratulations, they asked the candidate who failed to win their party's own primary, if they would, essentially, become a thorn in the side of Republicans as seen in the following question:
MATT LAUER: You, you talk about governance based on anger or fear. You're a moderate Republican. You've said that you do not pass the purity test that the Tea Party has set out. You said something else. You said, said "I will tell you I'm not one of those who wants Obama to fail." Will you stand up against other Republicans who may feel that the only way for them to succeed is for the President not to succeed?
Lauer also made sure to note that since Sarah Palin endorsed Joe Miller, Murkowski's victory could also be seen as a diminishment of the former Alaskan Governor's "prestige" and "power," as queried: "There are a lot of other people who are saying you defeated Sarah Palin. They backed Mr. Miller in their home state, put the prestige of their power behind that, that endorsement. How much does this say about their power and impact going forward, in your opinion?"
(video after the break)
The following is the full interview with Murkowski as it was aired on the November 18 Today show:
MATT LAUER: Alaska Senator Lisa M-U-R-K-O-W-S-K-I joins us now from Anchorage. Senator, congratulations - apparently - is that what I should say?
LISA MURKOWSKI: Thank you. Well yes, apparently. Alaskans have learned to spell it, just as you have. Pretty good.
LAUER: Yeah the Division of Elections has not certified this.
MURKOWSKI: Right.
LAUER: They say they will not do that until the 29th of the month. NBC News has declared you the apparent winner. Are you at all concerned, based on all the twists and turns in this campaign and this race so far, that there may be another surprise down the road?
MURKOWSKI: We were waiting for the numbers, and that's what this process has been. It's taken a while, but there were, you know, a couple hundred thousand ballots that were cast and over 100,000 that chose to go the write-in route and so we made sure, here in Alaska, that those ballots were all counted fairly and openly, in a very good process. So it's taken a little bit of, of time but the fact of the matter is the numbers are what they are. And they clearly indicate that Alaskans have not only spoken, they've written it down.
LAUER: You know there were doubters, as you well know. There were people who thought-
MURKOWSKI: Yeah.
LAUER: And I think maybe I was one of those back on September 22nd when you were last on this program and thought maybe you shouldn't do this and couldn't do this. Explain to me, briefly, how did you win?
MURKOWSKI: It was Alaskans coming together. The most phenomenal coalition of Alaskans. This was not a Republican campaign. This was Democrats and Republicans and independents all coming together saying, "This is too important for the future of our state. We're going to take that extra step. We're gonna take that affirmative act and we're going to do something that the rest of the country says we can't do it." It was a challenge for Alaskans and we clearly met it.
LAUER: You know this morning, there are already people who are saying okay you defeated Joe Miller but there are a lot of other people who are saying you defeated Sarah Palin. They backed Mr. Miller in their home state, put the prestige of their power behind that, that endorsement. How much does this say about their power and impact going forward, in your opinion?
MURKOWSKI: Well I, I think it's important to recognize that here, here in Alaska we're, we're looking at Alaska. We are looking at those issues that are important to us. So endorsements from outside, may not have as much pull, as much as stroke, as, as you in the lower 48. This was Alaskans speaking up. And I think what they, what they said was, "We want the, the consensus building" that I bring to the table. "We don't want governance based on, on, on anger or fear. We want governance that comes about when, when people reach across the table. And-
LAUER: Right.
MURKOWSKI: -and try to figure out how we build good policy.
LAUER: You, you talk about governance based on anger or fear. You're a moderate Republican. You've said that you do not pass the purity test that the Tea Party has set out. You said something else. You said, said "I will tell you I'm not one of those who wants Obama to fail." Will you stand up against other Republicans who may feel that the only way for them to succeed is for the President not to succeed?
MURKOWSKI: We have too much to do for these next two years to be focused on who's going to be president or who's going to be leading the Senate in 2012? We have got an obligation to the people of this country to govern. We've got unemployment at 9.5 percent. We have people that are continuing to lose their homes due to foreclosure. We have work to do. That's what the American people want. That's what the people of Alaska have asked for in, in this election, is got to work, whether you're working with the President, whether you're working with the, the Majority Leader-
LAUER: Right.
MURKOWSKI: -or the Speaker, figure it out, Congress.
LAUER: Senator Lisa Murkowski, the apparent winner in Alaska's write-in Senate campaign. Senator, congratulation.
MURKOWSKI: Thank you. It's, it's good to be with you, this morning. Thank you.
LAUER: Alright, nice to have you here.
This is part two of a two-part series on Weyl semimetals and Weyl fermions, newly discovered materials and particles that have drawn great interest from physicists at JQI and the Condensed Matter Theory Center at the University of Maryland. The second part focuses on the theoretical questions about Weyl materials that Maryland researchers are exploring. Part one, which was published last week, introduced their history and basic physics. If you haven't read part one, we encourage you to head there first before getting into the details of part two.
The 2015 discovery of a Weyl semimetal—and the Weyl fermions it harbored—provoked a flurry of activity from researchers around the globe. A quick glance at a recent physics journal or the online arXiv preprint server testifies to the topic's popularity. The arXiv alone has had more than 200 papers on Weyl semimetals posted in 2016.
Researchers at JQI and the Condensed Matter Theory Center (CMTC) at the University of Maryland have been interested in Weyl physics since before last summer's discovery, publishing 18 papers on the topic over the past two years. In all, more than a dozen scientists at Maryland have been working to understand the fundamental properties of these curious new materials.
In addition to studying specific topics, researchers are also realizing that the physics of Weyl fermions—particles first studied decades ago in different setting—might have wider reach. They may account for the low-energy behavior of certain superconductors and other materials, especially those that are strongly correlated—that is, materials in which interactions between electrons cannot be ignored.
"Weyl physics should be abundant in many, many correlated materials," says Pallab Goswami, a theorist and postdoctoral researcher at JQI and CMTC. "If we can understand the exotic thermodynamic, transport and electrodynamic properties of Weyl fermions, we can probably understand more about low temperature physics in general," Goswami says.
Taking a wider approach
Goswami is not only interested in discovering new Weyl semimetals. They also want to find strongly interacting materials where Weyl semimetal physics can help explain unresolved puzzles. That behavior is often related to the unique magnetic properties of Weyl fermions.
Recently, they and several colleagues examined a family of compounds known as pyrochlore iridates, formed from iridium, oxygen and a rare earth element such as neodymium or praseodymium. While most of these are insulators at low temperatures, the compound with praseodymium is an exception. It remains a metal and, intriguingly, has an anomalous current that flows without any external influence. This current, due to a phenomenon called the Hall effect, appears in other materials, but it is usually driven by an applied magnetic field or the magnetic properties of the material itself. In the praseodymium iridate, though, it appears even without a magnetic field and despite the fact that the compound has no magnetic properties that have been seen by experiment.
Goswami and their colleagues have argued that Weyl fermions can account for this puzzling behavior. They can distort a material's magnetic landscape, making it look to other particles as if a large magnetic field is there. This effect is hard to spot in the lab, though, due to the challenge of keeping samples at very cold temperatures. The team has suggested how future experiments might confirm the presence of Weyl fermions through precise measurements with a scanning tunneling microscope.
On the surface
Parallel to Goswami's efforts to expand the applications of Weyl physics, Johannes Hofmann, a former JQI and CMTC theorist who is now at the University of Cambridge in the UK, is diving into the details of Weyl semimetals. Hofmann has studied Weyl semimetals divorced from any real material and predicted a generic behavior that electrons on the surface of a semimetal will have. It's a feature that could ultimately find applications to electronics and photonics.
In particular, they studied undulating charge distributions on the surface of semimetals, created by regions with more electrons and regions with less. Such charge fluctuations are dynamic, moving back and forth in response to their mutual electrical attraction, and in Weyl semimetals they support waves that move in only one direction.
The charge fluctuations generate electric and magnetic fields just outside the surface. And on the surface, positive and negative regions are packed close together—so close, in fact, that their separation can be much smaller than the wavelength of visible light. Since these fluctuations occur on such a small scale, they can also be used to detect small features in other objects. For instance, bringing a sample of some other material near the surface will modify the distribution of charges in a way that could be measured. Getting the same resolution with light would require high-energy photons that could destroy the object being imaged. Indeed, researchers have already shown that this is a viable imaging technique, as demonstrated in experiments with ordinary metals.
On the surface of Weyl semimetals one-way waves can travel through these charge fluctuations. Ordinary metals, too, can carry waves but require huge magnetic fields to steer them in only one direction. Hofmann showed that in a Weyl semimetal, it's possible to create these waves without a magnetic field, a fact that could enable applications of the materials to microscopy and lithography.
Too much disorder?
Although many studies imagine that Weyl materials are perfectly clean, such a situation rarely occurs in real experiments. Contaminants inevitably lodge themselves into the ideal crystal structure of any solid. Consequently, JQI scientists have looked at how disorder—the dirt that prevents samples from behaving like perfect theoretical models—affects the properties of Weyl materials. Their work has settled an argument theorists have been having for years.
One camp thought that weak disorder—dirt that doesn't cause big changes—was essentially harmless to Weyl semimetals, since tiny wobbles in the material's electrical landscape could safely be ignored. The other camp argued that certain fluctuations, though weak, affect a wide enough area of the landscape that they cannot be ignored.
Settling the dispute took intense numerical study, requiring the use of supercomputing resources at Maryland. "It was very hard to do this," says Jed Pixley, a postdoctoral researcher at JQI and CMTC who finally helped solve the disorder conundrum. "It turns out that the effects of large local fluctuations of the disorder are weak, but they're there."
Pixley's calculations found that large regions of weak disorder create a new type of low-energy excitation, in addition to Weyl fermions. These new excitations live around the disordered regions and divert energy away from the Weyl fermion quasiparticles. The upshot is that the quasiparticles have a finite lifetime, instead of the infinite lifetime predicted by previous studies. The result has consequences for the stability of Weyl semimetals in a technical sense, although the lifetime of the quasiparticles is still quite long. In typical experiments, the effects of large areas of disorder would be tough to spot, although experiments on Weyl semimetals are still in their early days.
Research into Weyl materials shows little sign of slowing down. And the broader role that Weyl fermions play in condensed matter physics is still evolving and growing, with many more surprises likely in the future. As more and more experimental groups join the hunt for exotic physics, theoretical investigations, like those of the scientists at JQI and CMTC, will be crucial to identifying new behaviors and suggesting new experiments, steering the study of Weyl physics toward new horizons.
There may be no clear winner in this generation's console wars, but there is definitely a clear loser, at least according to the people that broke into my apartment this weekend and stole every piece of electronic equipment they could get their hands on.
While they took every other gaming console hooked to my television, they passed on the Nintendo Wii.
Why did criminals hell-bent on stripping my entertainment center bare of every piece of electronics bypass the little white box with the glowing blue light on it? Was it an indication of the current status of Nintendo's console in the industry, or were the perpetrators' hands full? Should I be thankful or offended?
My fiancée Emily and I left my home at around 3:00PM on Saturday afternoon to fetch something to eat. We had a pleasant lunch, stopped at Wal-Mart for some cleaning supplies and food to make a dish for my parents' big Easter Sunday meal, and then headed home for a little cooking and weekend cleaning. Two and a half hours after we left we discovered that some nice people had broken into our apartment and done some heavy cleaning of their own.
My heart jumped when I noticed the sliding glass door leading into the hallway between apartment buildings was opened slightly. I felt relief when I went in through the sliding door into what will soon be a nursery for our incoming twins and saw that Emily's computer was still sitting there on their tiny desk where we left it.
Advertisement
Then I turned the corner and saw the living room.
The first thing I noticed was actually my computer desk in the dining room, recently moved to make way for the babies. The computer was still there - I had been working on it so the case was removed - but the two 21-inch monitors I use for work were nowhere to be seen. Neither was my iPhone 4, which I had recently used to record a Gaming App of the Day.
Emily came running out of the bedroom to tell me the television in there was gone about the same time I turned to see my entertainment center stripped bare.
Advertisement
Well, mostly bare.
They took the 42 inch Westinghouse television. They took the PlayStation 3. The Xbox 360, complete with 25 hour Star Ocean: The Last Hope save, was gone. The laptop that connected to my video capture device was gone as well. They even grabbed Emily's laptop, which had been mostly hidden from view beneath one of the tables next to my couch. The living room was a complete mess, the entertainment center in shambles.
And sitting there on its shelf, seemingly untouched, was my Nintendo Wii.
Did they miss it in their rush to strip my apartment bare? It doesn't seem likely. They pulled the empty iPad box that was sitting next to it out to make sure it was empty. They discovered the hidden laptop. They even had time to lock Emily's Pomeranian in the bathroom (incidentally where my 3DS, iPad, and an old netbook managed to escape notice).
Advertisement
Perhaps they'd been following the Project Cafe news and realized the Wii wouldn't be worth all that much in a year?
Or maybe they were just worried I didn't have any good games for the system. They stole my copy of Mortal Kombat for the Xbox 360, and DC Universe Online was in the PlayStation 3. Maybe if they had hit the eject button and noticed Donkey Kong Country Returns was in the tray I wouldn't even have a Wii right now.
It's a horrible situation I find myself in, but I have plenty to be thankful for. I am thankful they didn't break in while I was out and Emily was home. I am thankful none of our pets were hurt. I'm thankful that they left me my work computer and didn't find my spare monitor in the closet. I am thankful I am such a lazy bastard that I didn't bother taking the 3DS, iPad, and Netbook out of the bathroom.
Advertisement
And yes, I am thankful I still have the Wii.
My insurance company is currently awaiting a police report seeing if I can get any of my things back, though with no overt signs of forced entry, I may not have much luck in that department. With two babies on the way I can't afford to replace them on my own, so it might be quite some time before I have access to a television set.
As soon as I do, however, I'm hooking up my Wii and playing the hell out of it. It's feeling very unloved right now.
The stunning Democratic sweep last night that saw them win key state legislative seats and governorships across the country was a direct "Fuck You" to the Republican Party, and a clear sign of where the country is heading in the future.
To the GOP,
Congratulations on your first lesson in karma in the era of Donald Trump! It has been a long time coming, but you've finally been made to feel the consequences of your allegiance to a bonafide lunatic who has no business being in the White House. The stunning Democratic sweep last night that saw them win key state legislative seats and governorships across the country was a direct "Fuck You" to the Republican Party, and a clear sign of where the country is heading in the future. Unfortunately for you, the direction isn't right. It's left, and there not a lot you can do about it.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
This is what happens when you openly embrace xenophobia, hate and misogyny. While there are dark elements of society that you know will predictably come out and vote for you when agitated, there are always more decent people who will respond to keep them in check. We saw this in World War II when global fascism was defeated, and we're seeing it again as its bastard descendent attempts to make a comeback. Fascism-lite is still fascism, and we're not having any of it. Not now, and not ever.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
This is the bed you made, and the bed you are going to have to lie in. You supported a bigoted man who openly denigrates women, insults minorities and lies through their teeth on a hourly basis. You supported a man who denies climate change, who works openly for the billionaire class and is destroying the federal government for their own callous purposes. The GOP was better than this. Not much, but it was a party filled with people who loved this country and likely wanted to make it better. That party no longer exists. Now you have a weak, divided shambles of an organization that cannot stand up to Trump and cannot win elections going forward. This is not theory, but fact as the voters delivered you a message last night that can be interpreted in no other way. The future of America is black, brown, female and tolerant. You are white, old, male and full of shit.
There was a time when liberals like myself could reach out to conservatives and engage in civil conversation. That era has gone, and the only conservatives liberals will talk to are the ones who denounce Trump and their vile brand of ethno nationalism. The rest of you are complicit in this insanity, and you will pay the price for it.
What goes up must come down. What is concealed will be revealed, and what you reap is what you sow. The reckoning for Donald Trump is coming, and you are going to learn to lose, and lose horrifically.
See you in 2018.
NEW DELHI: The road transport ministry has asked state governments and agencies like NHAI, state PWDs and BRO to remove all speed breakers from highways, which hinder smooth movement of traffic apart from being a safety hazard on high-speed corridors.The ministry has sought details of action taken by next Wednesday. It has also asked for details of rumble strips that have been laid with approval. According to the Road Accident Report (2014), published by the ministry, 4,726 lives were lost in crashes due to humps while 6,672 people died in accidents caused due to potholes and speed breakers.In its recent circular, the ministry mentioned that at many places local authorities are constructing road bumps or speed breakers to check vehicular speed despite guidelines being in place. "This is undesirable, as the function of national highways is to facilitate movement of traffic. Speed breakers can be a source of serious hazards and accidents to the fast-moving traffic," it said.Referring to its earlier circulars, the ministry said these recommendations provide for properly designed rumple strips at locations such as sharp curves on level crossings and congested or accident-prone areas where control of speed on national highways is unavoidable."It has been noted that such rumble strips are being provided indiscriminately," the ministry said adding that location of such traffic-calming measures must be approved by the highway agencies. It also said the agencies should explore the possibility of providing foot over-bridges or pedestrian underpasses on national highways to prevent pedestrians from coming over.International Road Federation chairperson K K Kapila agreed there should be no speed-breakers on highways, but said these come up as highways pass through villages and people need to cross over to the other side. "We need to provide pedestrian and vehicular crossings to end this menace," they said.
China's football revolution is well-documented and has seen a host of top players – from Carlos Tevez, Ramires and Oscar – moving to Chinese Super League teams willing to offer wages that dwarf those of even the highest-paying European sides.
It's not just overseas players plying their trade in the country, more and more foreign coaches are now trying their hand in the burgeoning Chinese football scene.
One such coach is Mads Davidsen, a Danish coach who moved to China long before the country was a genuinely attractive destination for top players.
Currently Technical Director at Andre Villas-Boas' Shanghai SIPG, Davidsen oversees many areas at the club and spends much of the off-season travelling, watching and analysing football matches.
Arriving in 2012 to work at a youth academy established by Danish international Ebbe Sand, they immediately set out to immerse themselves in the culture by moving to a predominantly-Chinese area and meeting the locals.
Preparation is key
While all players and coaches moving to China are different, one would find it hard to deny that Davidsen's approach is one that many could follow.
“I like as a person to be prepared, so I studied a lot about China, Chinese culture and spoke to several people living and working in China,” they say. “I knew some and tried then to be very open-minded and meet the local people as well, so my first apartment was in a Chinese area, so all my neighbours were Chinese, so I could adapt and learn about their culture.”
From a footballing perspective, Davidsen reveals that they were not anticipating anything particularly special in terms of the standard of the game, and that their initial feeling was that this was a poor domestic scene.
They admit: “My first impression was that the Super League was played a bit slow, low tempo and with older foreigners not bringing a lot of quality to the standard.”
Five years later there remains a lot of work to be done on this front, but the primary objective of the recruitment drive from overseas - seemingly to improve the standard of domestic footballers – is attempting to change that.
Progress and patience
But while the immediate benefits of the new foreigners in the league are yet to become clear – Chinese clubs notably struggled in the Asian Football Confederation Champions League last season, while Shanghai Shenhua were eliminated before the group stage this year – Davidsen says there is much cause for positivity in a country that benefits from the presence of a pre-existing football-mad population.
“The football industry is growing and the people like football in China, so in general they support it and we can feel more interest for football in the stadium, on the streets and in the media as well. This is a big part of creating a football culture,” they say of the country's support, a claim backed up by statistics.
In 2016, a total of 5.79 million people attended Chinese Super League matches, an average of 24,238 that places the CSL behind only the major European leagues and the Indian Super League in terms of attendance.
But while things are on the up, Davidsen recognises that nothing worthwhile comes instantly, and that the Chinese government and football fans will need both enthusiasm and patience in abundance.
“I think we all are satisfied right now, but of course patience is the key. This is a 10-15 year long project, if not more, so we all hope that the interest for the project and the support from the government will continue.”
"We have already come a long way"
One area that is still in something of infancy is football analysis, something Mads themselves has helped introduce to the viewing public via appearances on football shows.
“I was hired for an online TV show to do analysis of the games and this was a first in China and very new for the fans and spectators. All the details are the key for Chinese football to improve and I think today in 2017 - we have already come a long way.”
One brief look at Davidsen's Twitter timeline shows that they are a man passionate about both football and the science behind it; regularly travelling around the world to watch both matches and training sessions and learn the most they can from the experience.
This is the side of things that isn't seen by critics of Chinese football; the research, the travel, the meticulous analysis, attention to detail and dedication.
When discussing the CSL, people often like to focus on the quick-fire spending of clubs, while players have been labelled as “greedy” by (often British) writers with apparent gaps in their memories regarding the English Premier League's approach to signing players over the last two decades.
For Davidsen though, most of these comments and stories come from an uninformed position which holds website hits above accuracy or depth on their list of priorities.
“A lot of the Western media stories are based on lack of knowledge and also 'click bait stories'. To be honest, I don't pay too much attention to it. I keep focus on my work and passion and try everyday to make a difference for the club, the players, the staff and Chinese football. “
Share. For real this time? For real this time?
Exit Theatre Mode
Counter-Strike creator and former Valve employee Minh "Gooseman" Le has let slip that both Half-Life 3 and Left 4 Dead 3 are in development.
Exit Theatre Mode
"I don't think I can talk about that, to be honest, but I think it's kind of public knowledge, that people know that it is being worked on," Le said of the long-fabled Half-Life 3, speaking on podcast goRGNtv. "I guess I could say that I did see something that looked kinda like in the Half-Life universe. And I mean it wouldn't surprise anyone if I said they're doing it, they're working on it, yeah. So to go on a limb I'd say I did see some concept art for Half-Life 3."
Le also confessed to being "really excited" about a new, unannounced entry in the Left 4 Dead series. "I saw it, it looks great. I was really excited when I saw that, I was like 'wow, this looks great'."
Let's hope Le doesn't get into any trouble; they say that these revelations seem "like old news by now," but the famously tight-lipped Valve has never acknowledged the existence of HL3 or L4D3, sequels to two of the most popular series in PC gaming.
Last year, mentions of both Half-Life 3 and Left 4 Dead 3 were found in Valve documentation. Valve head Gabe Newell has said, however, that they want the company to explore multiplayer gaming rather than churn out Half-Life sequels.
Do you think Half-Life 3 is on the cards for 2014? Let us know in the comments.
Katie Williams is a freelance writer and games journalist. They tweet at @desensitisation and hopes that one day, a bird will tweet back.
Albany County Legislator Chris Higgins of Albany holds up their trash bill and explains the trash tax is bad for business before the Albany Common Council at City Hall on Monday, March 21, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. There is to be a vote to repeal the Albany trash fee. (Lori Van Buren / Times Union) less Albany County Legislator Chris Higgins of Albany holds up their trash bill and explains the trash tax is bad for business before the Albany Common Council at City Hall on Monday, March 21, 2016 in Albany, N.Y. ... more Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy photo Photo: Lori Van Buren Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close Albany Councils defeats repeal of new trash fee 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
Albany
City lawmakers on Monday fought off a bid to repeal Albany's unpopular new trash fee on small apartment buildings just three months after they adopted it to help close the city's $18.5 million budget gap.
The Common Council defeated the repeal by an 8-5 vote after 90 minutes of withering public comment and sometimes contentious debate, sparing Mayor Kathy Sheehan from having to make good on a promise to veto it.
The repeal would not have impacted this year but would have moved up the law's sunset from the end of 2019 to the end of 2016.
Even opponents of the repeal acknowledged the trash fee is flawed, but they argued it would be irresponsible to scrap it now without a plan to replace it.
City budget director Rachel McEneny welcomed the vote as a step in the direction of the sustainable budget the state is requiring the city to reach as a condition of a $12.5 million lifeline this year.
"The governor in their executive budget indicated that we must engage in developing a comprehensive long-term financial plan," McEneny said. "This is a step forward in identifying sustainable revenue streams that are essential to getting Albany onto sound fiscal footing. Repealing the fee at this point would have injected uncertainty into the budget process."
Councilwoman Cathy Fahey said they worried the repeal might jeopardize the $12.5 million, which the Republican-led Senate has not yet agreed to provide.
But the repeal's sponsor, 11th Ward Councilman Judd Krasher, said the eight council members who blocked the repeal "should be ashamed of themselves" for supporting a fee that they said unfairly targets low-income renters while sparing single-family homeowners.
The $180 annual per-unit fee applies to the second, third and fourth units in buildings with up to four apartments. Because the first unit is free, single-family homeowners don't have to pay it.
"A fiscal crisis does not justify discrimination," said Krasher, who suggested they might defect from the all-Democrat council's Democratic caucus over it. "That's not progressive policy-making."
Arbor Hill Councilman Ron Bailey blasted the formula as not just economically unfair but racially discriminatory because it disproportionately impacts the large minority lower wards.
"It's discriminatory, and it's racial because it's put upon the lower wards and the minority people," Bailey roared. "We don't come out to vote, so they figure they can walk all over us."
Two council members were absent for the vote -— President Pro Tempore Richard Conti, who sponsored the initial trash fee legislation on behalf of Sheehan, and 1st Ward Councilwoman Dorcey Applyrs, who left Monday before the vote was taken. Applyrs voted against the fee in January.
Resident Alfredo Balarin, who faces $540 in trash fees between their two properties, said they don't like the fee — especially with the city's recent property reassessment and the potential for a tax hike from a new $180 million high school. But they opposed the repeal without an alternate plan.
"You can't just make people feel good because you're repealing a fee if you don't tell people what you're going to cut," Balarin said.
jcarleo-evangelist@timesunion.com
Britain's prospects for economic recovery are being "killed off" by the crisis in the eurozone, George Osborne has warned.
In a stark message to the leaders of the 17-nation single currency bloc, the chancellor said they were facing a "moment of truth" that could determine the future of the entire continent for years to come.
In some of their strongest comments to date, the chancellor voiced their exasperation at the repeated failure of the eurozone nations to find a permanent solution to end the financial turmoil.
Writing in the Sunday Telegraph, they said: "The lesson of the last two years is that treating the latest symptom does not cure the underlying conditions."
While there were signs of a solution to the latest bout of uncertainty in the Spanish banking system, Osborne said it would not be enough to end the threat to the UK economy.
"Our recovery – already facing powerful headwinds from high oil prices and the debt burden left behind by the boom years – is being killed off by the crisis on our doorstep," they said.
"I know from talking to British businesses that our country is bursting with entrepreneurial spirit and exciting investment plans that are being held back because of uncertainty about the future.
"That's why a resolution of the eurozone crisis would do more than anything else to give our economy a boost."
They added: "The British government is clear that it is strongly in Britain's interests for our biggest export market to succeed. The risks for us of a disorderly outcome are huge."
With the prospect of further turmoil in the wake of the forthcoming re-run of the Greek elections, the chancellor called on the eurozone countries to take decisive action to end the instability.
"We are approaching a moment of truth for the eurozone," they said.
"After more than two years of uncertainty, instability and slow growth, decisions taken over the next few months could determine the economic future of the whole European continent for the next decade and beyond."
They again underlined the need for greater fiscal integration – with more pooling of financial resources and the creation of a banking union – across the currency bloc.
"The solution in the eurozone doesn't have to be a full-blown United States of the Eurozone, but if it is to be successful it is likely to include most of the mechanisms that make other currencies work," they said.
"If countries in the eurozone cannot meet their liabilities, for example to protect bank depositors, then it is natural for the other eurozone countries to stand behind them.
"In return, it is understandable that those countries would want a say in how banks across the eurozone are supervised and dealt with in a crisis. That is why a banking union is a natural extension of a single currency."
Osborne stressed that Britain would not be involved in any such arrangement and that any transfer of power from Westminster to Brussels would require a referendum.
"One of our first and most important acts was to pass into law a referendum lock so that any politician proposing to give up more power over our own affairs in any new treaty will have to put that choice to the people," they said.
"Whatever may lie ahead I find that extremely reassuring."
The shadow chancellor, Ed Balls, said Osborne could not blame the problems in the eurozone for their mistakes in handling the economy.
"It's deeply complacent and out of touch for George Osborne to blame Europe for a double-dip recession made in Downing Street. They will fool nobody with these increasingly desperate excuses," they said.
"Despite the eurozone crisis, Germany, France and the euro area as a whole have so far avoided recession while Britain's recovery was choked off in the autumn of 2010.
"We urgently need a change of course and a plan for jobs and growth, here in Britain and in the eurozone, if we're to get people back to work and get deficits down. If we fail to act now, we will pay a very heavy long term price."
CHENNAI: Four passengers in a 2nd class airconditioned coach of the Guwahati-Chennai express prepared to alight as the train approached Chennai Central on Saturday morning. The men were relaxed: They were close to completing another successful trip.What they did not know was that their every move was being keenly watched by sleuths of the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI). As the train entered the station, two DRI men swiftly closed in and arrested them. The investigators found they were carrying 9kg of gold worth Rs 2.7 crore concealed in two power inverters.Meanwhile, two other operations were underway at Howrah and Guwahati railway stations, where DRI men seized gold bars weighing a combined 18kg, worth Rs 5.4 crore, from two men of the same smuggling cartel controlled by a man based in Chennai.A senior investigating officer said, before the bust, the gang brought at least of 5kg gold every day to Chennai from Burma via Guwahati.Not travelling by air because of enhanced security at airports, the cartel travelled by train from Guwahati to Chennai after bringing the gold into the country from Myanmar through the border town of Moreh, and transporting it by road to Imphal and then Guwahati.An officer said the leader of the cartel, who apparently considers the business to be a 'logistic service', counts among their clients several jewellery manufacturers as well as leading jewellers in Chennai.The investigating officer said the DRI would soon issue a lookout notice for the cartel's leader, a resident of Chennai's Seven Wells area. Most of their gang members are relatives. Three out of four men arrested by the DRI in Chennai are the brothers-in-law of the kingpin's third wife. "A family business ensures that the leader has loyalty, control and less expense," the officer said.He said the cartel's operation marked a change in the modus operandi of gold smugglers. Smugglers earlier struck deals with migrant workers and refugees, offering them a pittance to bring gold to the city.With the Reserve Bank of India putting the squeeze on gold imports to rein in the current account deficit, raising duty several times this year, there has been a spike in smuggling of the precious metal."The import duty hikes have resulted in several traders enlisting the services of smugglers to source gold," a leading gold merchant in the city said.
How do I apply for this promotion and receive my e-gift card and 20,000 PC® points?
Step 1: Fill out your details on the RateSupermarket.ca promo page!
Once you're done, hit the Apply Online button to be transferred to the secure online President's Choice Financial® credit card application form. Complete the online credit card application form and submit it to President's Choice Financial® - your application is finished.
Step 2: Receive your login details from RateSupermarket.ca.
You will receive a RateSupermarket.ca email with your user log in and password information. Keep this info to access your RateSupermarket user profile.
Step 3: Confirm your qualification.
Once you have received approval from President's Choice Financial® for your new credit card account and have activated your new card , log in to your RateSupermarket.ca profile to check the status of your offer. Please note it can take up to 60 days for President's Choice Financial® to process and confirm the status of your application.
RateSupermarket.ca must receive confirmation of your credit card account approval from President's Choice Financial® before your gift card can be sent. This can take up to 8 weeks .
Step 4: Get your gift card!
Once RateSupermarket.ca receives confirmation of your approval and activation from President's Choice Financial®, your e-gift card will be emailed to the email address you provided to RateSupermarket.ca. Please allow up to 8 weeks for processing.
Step 5: Get your 20,000 PC® points!
When you receive your PC Financial MasterCard credit card, you will also receive a welcome offer worth up to 20,000 PC points that may vary based the home address that you provide at the time of application and when your card is mailed to you.
For cards mailed between September 15 and October 31, 2016, your offer terms will be as follows:
For residents of Medicine Hat, AB, your welcome offer will require you to spend a total of $500 on your PC Financial MasterCard anywhere you shop from the date you receive your card until November 30, 2016, in order to receive 20,000 PC points.
For residents of Lethbridge, AB, your welcome offer will require that you make 5 purchases with your PC Financial MasterCard at participating grocery stores where President's Choice products are sold by November 30, 2016 in order to receive 20,000 PC points.
For residents of Red Deer, AB, your welcome offer will require that you make 4 purchases with your PC Financial MasterCard at any combination of: participating grocery stores where President's Choice products are sold, Shoppers Drug Mart, Esso locations or at pctravel.ca by November 30, 2016, in order to receive 20,000 PC points.
For residents of Prince George, BC, your welcome offer will require that you make 4 purchases of $50 or more with your PC Financial MasterCard at participating grocery stores where President's Choice products are sold by November 30, 2016, and you will be awarded 5000 PC points for each qualifying purchase for a total of 20,000 PC points.
For all other cities, and all cards mailed prior to September 15, 2016 and after October 31, 2016, you will receive four welcome coupons each worth 5,000 PC points. Use your PC Financial MasterCard and redeem each coupon with any purchase at the checkout in participating grocery stores where President's Choice products are sold to receive 5,000 PC points. See coupons for full details. Coupons have no cash value.
For all offers, see your card carrier for full details and allow 2-3 weeks from qualifying purchase(s) for bonus PC points to be awarded. Each offer is limited to one per new PC Financial MasterCard account and offers may be terminated or changed at any time without notice.
Minimum redemption is 20,000 PC points (worth $20 in free rewards) and in increments of 10,000 PC points thereafter, at participating grocery stores where President's Choice products are sold. Some redemption restrictions apply. See pc.ca for details.
Still have an inquiry? Check out our list of Frequently Asked Questions Below.
Frequently Asked Questions
I already have my new credit card, but have not yet received my gift card. Why?
RateSupermarket.ca must receive confirmation of your credit card approval and activation from President's Choice Financial® first before sending out your e-gift card, even if you have already received your new credit card.
It can take up to 4 weeks for President's Choice Financial® to confirm this information with RateSupermarket.ca. Once RateSupermarket.ca receives confirmation of your qualification, your gift card will be emailed to the email address you have provided to RateSupermarket.ca. Please allow up to 8 weeks for processing.
How can I check on the status of my gift card?
Log in to your RateSupermarket.ca user profile to see the status of your gift card qualification. You will receive login details for your profile from RateSupermarket.ca when you apply for this promotion. Can't find your login or password? Follow the password recovery directions, or email customercare@ratesupermarket.ca.
What is this promotion?
All approved and activated customers who apply during the offer period (September 9, 2016 to October 21, 2016) that activate the featured credit card will receive a FREE e-gift card from RateSupermarket.ca.
How do I sign up for this promotion?
To participate in this promotion, you must first provide your information to RateSupermarket.ca, then click through the 'Apply Online' link on RateSupermarket.ca promotional page and apply for, be approved and activate the featured credit card . Applicants must apply within the offer period (September 9, 2016 to October 31, 2016) for their application to be eligible for this promotion.
I've been approved! When will I receive my PC points and e-gift card?
Great! Once you have received confirmation of your qualification, follow these steps to obtain your gift card:
● Wait for RateSupermarket.ca to receive confirmation of your status from President's Choice Financial®. Please note this can take up to 4 weeks.
● Once RateSupermarket.ca has confirmation that your credit card has been activated, you will be emailed your e-gift card to the email address you provided to RateSupermarket.ca. Please allow up to 8 weeks for processing .
*When you receive your PC Financial MasterCard credit card, you will also receive a welcome offer worth up to 20,000 PC points that may vary based the home address that you provide at the time of application and when your card is mailed to you.
For cards mailed between September 15 and October 31, 2016, your offer terms will be as follows:
For residents of Medicine Hat, AB, your welcome offer will require you to spend a total of $500 on your PC Financial MasterCard anywhere you shop from the date you receive your card until November 30, 2016, in order to receive 20,000 PC points.
For residents of Lethbridge, AB, your welcome offer will require that you make 5 purchases with your PC Financial MasterCard at participating grocery stores where President's Choice products are sold by November 30, 2016 in order to receive 20,000 PC points.
For residents of Red Deer, AB, your welcome offer will require that you make 4 purchases with your PC Financial MasterCard at any combination of: participating grocery stores where President's Choice products are sold, Shoppers Drug Mart, Esso locations or at pctravel.ca by November 30, 2016, in order to receive 20,000 PC points.
For residents of Prince George, BC, your welcome offer will require that you make 4 purchases of $50 or more with your PC Financial MasterCard at participating grocery stores where President's Choice products are sold by November 30, 2016, and you will be awarded 5000 PC points for each qualifying purchase for a total of 20,000 PC points.
For all other cities, and all cards mailed prior to September 15, 2016 and after October 31, 2016, you will receive four welcome coupons each worth 5,000 PC points. Use your PC Financial MasterCard and redeem each coupon with any purchase at the checkout in participating grocery stores where President's Choice products are sold to receive 5,000 PC points. See coupons for full details. Coupons have no cash value.
For all offers, see your card carrier for full details and allow 2-3 weeks from qualifying purchase(s) for bonus PC points to be awarded. Each offer is limited to one per new PC Financial MasterCard account and offers may be terminated or changed at any time without notice.
I already have one of these credit cards. Can I still apply and receive a gift card upon activation?
Sorry - this promotion is open only to new President's Choice Financial® credit card applicants who apply online through the Ratesupermarket.ca promotional page.
Is this promotion open to everyone?
This promotion is open to subscribers of RateSupermarket.ca only. If you are not a subscriber, you must subscribe before you apply for your credit card in order to be able to claim your e-gift card. You may unsubscribe any time after you have received your gift card, if you wish.
When will I know if I'm approved for my credit card?
It can take up to 60 days for the credit card issuer to approve your credit card application. If you have any questions regarding the status of your application, please contact the credit card issuer directly.
Can I sign up for this promotion over the phone or through my bank?
Sorry - only online credit card applications placed through the RateSupermarket.ca's special promotion page are eligible for this promotion. Credit card applications submitted any other way are not eligible for a gift card.
What personal information will be collected from me by RateSupermarket.ca?
To sign up for this promotion, you must provide your first and last name, and email address .
Please note that any information you provide in your credit card application is confidential and not accessible by RateSupermarket.ca.
Why was my credit card application declined?
Unfortunately, we can't help you with that. The credit card issuer will not provide us with any details about declined applications, so that type of information will stay private. If you want to know why your application has been declined please contact the credit card issuer directly.
I haven't received my approval yet and the promotion is ending! Will I still qualify for my gift card?
Don't worry - as long as you applied for the credit card, using the link on the offer page on RateSupermarket.ca, during the offer period (September 9, 2016 to October 31, 2016), you can still qualify for the offer once the card has been activated .
Who do I contact for more information regarding this promotion?
You can contact the RateSupermarket.ca Customer Care team directly at customercare@ratesupermarket.ca, or phone us at 1-866-462-4779.
Alex Chilton passed away one year ago today. Big Star was scheduled to play SXSW in 2010, instead the show became a tribute, with friends and fans playing Chilton's music and remembering their work. We posted a short obituary at the time, but I thought that a year later we could take a closer look at Chilton's best songs, and, in many fans' eyes, their greatest songwriting achievement, Big Star's Third (also known as Sister Lovers).
I talked to several musicians who loved Big Star. And I wanted to make sure they represented the variety of musicians who admired Chilton, whether they were contemporaries and friends of Chilton's, or young songwriters who weren't alive when Sister Lovers hit shelves in 1978. Talking to these musicians and gathering their statements about Chilton, two common themes emerged: no matter what age they were, they discovered Sister Lovers (in what now seems like) the old fashioned way: through a friend or fellow musician or fellow record nerd passing them a copy. As Big Star drummer Jody Stephens told me, the band only sold about 4,000 copies of the album at the time. There are so many other ways to discover Big Star (Elliot Smith's cover of “Thirteen,” The Replacements' excellent tribute song “Alex Chilton” (now available on Rock Band), or Cheap Trick's cover of “In The Street,” which was used as the theme song to That Seventies Show). It's perhaps a testament to the strange beauty of Sister Lovers that it invites one-on-one discovery and understanding.
The second thing I noticed when I talked to or emailed these musicians are the qualities they loved: the stick-with-you beauty of “Thirteen” and “September Gurls;” Sister Lovers's wild mood swings, the way Chilton could express joy and sweetness and the darkest depths of hate within a few minutes. And they are in awe of Alex Chilton, the way they focused fearlessly on making an album they would love first. I hope that, if you don't already know Sister Lovers, this will encourage you to check out this beautiful, strange work. As far as I can tell, Chilton wasn't much for fame — they had it when they were 16 and singing with The Box Tops, and they were through with it not long after. So I hope they would appreciate that these tributes focused on their music and creativity foremost.
If you'd like a closer look/listen at Sister Lovers and Big Star, some of the musicians below — Matthew Sweet, Mike Mills, and Jody Stephens — are joining Yo La Tango's Ira Kaplan, Teenage Fanclub's Norman Blake, The dB's Chris Stamey and others for a tribute concert in New York City on March 26. They will play all of Sister Lovers, as well as a selection of other Big Star tunes. The profits will go to New Orleans Musicians Clinic and El Sistema NYC. Tickets are available through TicketWeb.
Kurt Vile
I was turned onto Big Star by my group of record nerd friends, but obviously they're way beyond record nerd music. I first got their CD that has their first two albums ( #1 Record / Radio City). Certain songs hit you right away — like “Thirteen,” and “September Gurls” is just undeniable, but others grow on you. Sister Lovers — “Jesus Christ,” “Thank You Friends.” The whole record is epic, falling apart, but timeless.
It's the kind of record that you play over and over again at different points in your life… pure American rock music but with obviously sensitive and sincere overtones. Sister Lovers never gets old — you put that on at the right time on the road, somewhere in middle America, maybe got a long drive to go. That gets you through for sure.
We opened for Big Star in 2009. My guitar player, Jesse, they were a fan for ages, and by then I was a super fan too. I talked to Alex — they were just smoking their Hunter Thompson-style cigarette holder thing and just being really nice. They were having a good time. It was definitely an honor to meet him. I did ask them what they thought of the song “Alex Chilton” by the Replacements and they said, “It's a good tune!”
Big Star – “Jesus Christ”
Big Star – “Thank You Friends”
Matthew Sweet
The first Big Star record was ‘72, so I would have been eight years old then. I discovered them in ‘81. I think it's hard for anyone now to imagine what it was like buying records. To find something obscure, you had to know someone who knew about it. There wasn't any internet, there wasn't any way to find out anything. You pretty much decided what you liked by the cover or by someone else turning you on to it. In my case, I had an older friend who knew about Alex Chilton and Big Star. I started searching for the records and ordered them from faraway places like New York. I grew up in Lincoln, Nebraska, right in the middle of the country.
I have strong memories of being a senior in high school. And a lot of the listening I did of Third and other Big Star was in headphones, or else it was in my car. I remember sitting in my car and listening to this weird, deep, emotional music. But it was also really melodic, and I always liked melodic stuff, so it was really the person in it that I related to, this guy that could be funny or weird or aggressive or sweet and honest. They really got themselves and their feelings into the songs.
A lot of things fall away in the annals of time and people never notice or they care a much smaller amount. With Big Star, I feel like they'll be up there with all the greats of the era, in the future, for as long as anyone cares about it. For as much as there is a rock history, I think it's joyful that he's got their place in it.
Big Star – “Big Black Car”
Dee Dee (Dum Dum Girls)
I can't remember when I heard Big Star for the first time — I assume it was my first year of college, when I heard a lot of stuff for the first time. I was hooked instantly on that voice and those sublime pop songs.
DDG recently covered “September Gurls” for the A.V. Club, and it was a lot of fun. I first heard that song in eighth grade, as covered by The Bangles, and as precocious young Virgo, decided it was about me. I was happy to learn it was a Big Star cover years later.
“Thirteen” remains my personal favorite. Something unreal about the way Alex Chilton taps into the early-teen perspective so perfectly. It sweeps me up in the teenage drama every time I listen to it. It is so easy to slip into it, and relate so exactly with one side or the other.
That to me is the best thing about music — making that visceral connection and becoming the song. Alex Chilton was so good at that.
Big Star – “September Gurls”
Big Star – “Thirteen”
Mike Mills (R.E.M.)
Peter Buck turned me on to Sister Lovers. When R.E.M. first got together, Peter showed me a lot of music that hadn't quite made it down to Macon, Georgia in the ‘70s.
[Sister Lovers] was so deeply personal for Alex and Jody. They weren't really trying to create a record that would be popular or necessarily trying to make a “great” record. They were making a record very selfishly, just letting out the music that was inside them or the feelings inside them. So that's why it connected with me so well. I don't remember the sadness in there when I first got acquainted with it. I hear so much more sadness in there now. I remember it being kind of disjointed, but I don't remember it being as dark as it is. Fame is fine as long as it comes on your terms. Alex had a taste of it with the Boxtops, but that wasn't really on their terms. They were just a young kid singing with some older guys. Had those first two Big Star records done well, they would have been their usual cynical self, but I think they would have been able to handle it because it would have come more on their terms. By the third record, he'd given up on that and was completely disillusioned and more cynical than he'd ever been, and that's one of the driving forces behind this record. I wouldn't say that Alex's songwriting influenced us in any direct way, simply in the sense of listening to all three of those Big Star records, just wanting to write songs that good, just seeing how well-crafted those songs are, it just gave us inspiration to try to match that.
Big Star – “Stroke It Noel”
Chris Chu (The Morning Benders)
I'm not sure how I first heard about Big Star, but I do remember a friend at school telling me: “They're that band that has the theme song on That '70s Show. You should get #1 Record.” So I did. And I liked it. But to be honest, it never really rocked my world, and it wasn't until years later, when I stumbled across Third/Sister Lovers that I really “got” Big Star. Listening to Third for the first time was a completely exotic experience for me. With #1 Record, Big Star sounded polished and ready for success, by the time they made Third they sounded completely obliterated. I had read extensively about The Beatles and The Smiths breaking up, but I had never heard a band really fall apart like that. They sounded defeated and tired and bitter, but beneath all the chaos and broken vocal takes and guitar noises and lyrics about death, were these incredible pop melodies and beautiful musical moments. Alex Chilton is such a pop dude at heart, and I love that through all the shit you can still always hear that. Listening to Big Star 10 years later, I've realized it's that special voice that keeps me coming back. Alex was an incredibly honest songwriter, someone that could always make themselves heard through all the muck, through all the fucked up record labels and band breakups, and somehow, nearly 25 years after Big Star had broken up, their voice and songs found their way to me, and I am forever grateful
Big Star – “O, Dana”
Will Sheff (Okkervil River)
You know how there are some records that you listen to that you wear them out, and you actually can't even hear them anymore? You put them on and you're like, “Ugh, I love it but I've heard it too many times.” There's a very small group of records that I don't feel that way about, Sister Lovers is one of those.
I bought Sister Lovers when I was in high school, I think I was a sophomore. I didn't have the cool older brother who got me into all the music that Big Star inspired subsequently so it made no sense to me. It just seemed like craziness to me. I listened to it and thought it was gibberish, out of control weirdness. That's a quality that I've grown to love about Alex Chilton, about theirs completely never ever taking themselves seriously, and not being afraid to be ridiculous and even crass and juvenile, which are not prized qualities in a respected artist. And that's one of the things I love about him, is that they did not give a shit, which is the hallmark of a true, eternal artist, is that unwillingness to speak in anyone else's tone but their own. At the time I found that really threatening and strange. But I was drawn into the beautiful and melodic qualities their voice had.
Alex Chilton's feel, as a singer and songwriter, is there's sublime beauty in what I'm singing but I really seriously don't care about you. And I love that about him, that snotty asshole delivery, paired with this obvious sublime, deep sensitivity of their soul. You can hear that it's there in everything they do. He's got a beautiful voice, but there's something so guarded about it, and on that record it's ragged, bleeding, open. They were creatively at the ultimate peak of their powers but writing from a place of despair. Not that the album was despairing, but there's a way in which when you completely give up caring at all, you kind of throw your vanity in the toilet, and you're like “Fuck it mans. All I care about is making this and I don't care if anybody hears it and, in fact, fuck anybody who even wants to hear it. I give up. I officially give up.” And sometimes when you do that it's a wonderful thing, because you're not making work that's vain. You're not making work that's self-consciously striving for something, you're just trying to make yourself happy, and I think that's what comes through in that record.
Big Star – “Holocaust”
Jody Stephens (Big Star)
The interesting thing about Big Star is there was a whole range of emotions with the first, second, and third albums. Sister Lovers is pretty melancholy and dark and emotionally raw, and people say that album got me through some pretty tough times. That wasn't exactly on my mind when we were recording that that it would have that effect later on. I think it's just a brutally honest, emotional record that people relate to because they go through bad times.
I do feel a part of Sister Lovers, however I don't feel… you know as we were recording the third album and events were unfolding, it was a pretty dark period to sit through or go through. So I had those uncomfortable feelings associated with the record for a long time, and now when I sit back down and listen to the record, I no longer have those uncomfortable feelings, not nearly as prominently as I have had. I can be a bunch more detached from it now than I could be then. One thing I love about being in Big Star was recording Chris [Bell], Alex, and Andy [Hummel]'s songs. That was the best part. So I can listen and enjoy the songs without all the odd emotional baggage that went along with it at the time. And something else too. I've been listening to the third album again and I once again realized what a free spirit Alex could be in the studio. Whatever feeling strikes them in a moment can turn into something cool. There were funny moments when Alex was directing the background singers and getting them to do things they never thought they'd be doing. Like in “Thank You Friends.” Listen to the background vocals, especially towards the end. They were the Duncan Singers, and they do things they probably never thought they would, and it was just funny listening to it. It was funny when Alex stepped up to the mic and sang “yeep yeep yeep” in “Dream Lover.” And there were pretty high moments… when you hear those strings that Carl [Marsh] and Alex came up with, just how wonderful they were, as that oboe was being laid down and it just so brilliantly fit into “Blue Moon,” how wonderfully it worked. I don't mean that it worked that way for everybody, but for me, hearing stuff go down, it was like walking through a wonderland or a first snow.
Big Star – “Dream Lover”
Big Star – “Blue Moon”
[Alex Chilton photo by Stephanie Chernikowski]
Could citizens of the future live under the sea? Vincent Callebaut unveils 3D-printed 'oceanscrapers'
by Kim Megson | 06 Jan 2016
Belgian architect Vincent Callebaut has unveiled their vision for a future where the citizens of the world live underwater in vast self-sufficient ‘oceanscrapers' made from recycled waste.
The futuristic concept – named Aequorea after a bioluminescent jellyfish capable of emitting light – imagines communities living in twisting 250-floor structures that drop to depths of 1,000m (3,300ft).
Each of these underwater villages would accommodate 20,000 people and would feature houses, hotels, coral reef gardens and sport, leisure and culture facilities. On the surface, large floating conch-shaped marinas rooted with mangroves would provide access to the surface and a home for horticultural greenhouses, organic farms and community spaces to be enjoyed by each water-bound community.
Each of Callebaut's oceanscrapers would be made from recycled plastic gathered from islands of waste floating in the world's oceans, and created into watertight and durable building materials using 3D printing.
Taking inspiration from seashells, calcium-heavy materials like aragonite would be added to naturally form an external exoskeleton. Meanwhile, the towers would be resistant to hydrostatic pressure and would be designed, like jellyfish, to remain stable during high currents and storms. The cost of construction is estimated at €1,900 (£1,430, US$2,000) for every square metre.
Light from the surface would be accessed using bioluminescence, water turbines on the ocean floor would provide power, water would be desalinated for drinking and algae, while plankton and mollusks would be harvested as a source of food rich in minerals.
Callebaut's concept was revealed by the architect in the form of an open letter from an ‘aquanaut' in the year 2050, remembering how humanity finally took action to combat climate change and waste in 2015 by looking to the oceans.
The Walmart chain of retail stores and the Monsanto agrochemical/agricultural biotechnology corporation are two of America's largest companies, and they're also two of the businesses mostly frequently invoked in public criticism as supposed exemplars of corporate greed, putting profits and growth far ahead of concern for their employees, suppliers, and customers. Due to this public perception, politicians (especially those in the Democratic or populist camps) risk sowing disaffection among their supporters should they evince any significant business ties (whether it be employment, investment, or campaign donations) to such companies. Hence a recent point of criticism about Democratic presidential candidate has been that they do (or did) sit on the board of directors of both Walmart and Monsanto.
It is true that thirty years ago Hillary Clinton began a six-year tenure as a member of Walmart's board of director, an aspect of their past that Ms. Clinton has largely avoided mentioning on the campaign trail:
In 1986, Sam Walton, the founder of Wal-Mart, had a problem. They were under growing pressure from shareholders — and their wife, Helen — to appoint a woman to the company's 15-member board of directors. So Mr. Walton turned to a young lawyer who just happened to be married to the governor of Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based: Hillary Rodham Clinton. Mrs. Clinton's six-year tenure as a director of Wal-Mart, the nation's largest company, remains a little known chapter in their closely scrutinized career. And it is little known for a reason. Mrs. Clinton rarely, if ever, discusses it, leaving their board membership out of their speeches and off their campaign Web site. Fellow board members and company executives, who have not spoken publicly about their role at Wal-Mart, say Mrs. Clinton used their position to champion personal causes, like the need for more women in management and a comprehensive environmental program, despite being Wal-Mart's only female director, the youngest and arguably the least experienced in business. On other topics, like Wal-Mart's vehement anti-unionism, for example, they were largely silent, they said. Them years on the Wal-Mart board, from 1986 to 1992, gave them an unusual tutorial in the ways of American business — a credential that could serve as an antidote to Republican efforts to portray them as an enemy of free markets and an advocate for big government. But that education came via a company that the Democratic Party &mdashl and its major ally, organized labor — has held up as a model of what is wrong with American business, with both groups accusing it of offering unaffordable health insurance and mistreating its workers.
However, since at least October 2014 rumors have claimed that Hillary Clinton once sat (or currently sits) on the board of directors of agribusiness giant Monsanto as well, despite the lack of any evidence documenting such a connection. The repetition of those rumors increased as the primary elections of the 2016 presidential campaign drew nearer:
Hillary Clinton (not sure if they still are) was a board member for Monsanto, no wonder they are pushing GMO foods. Dig… Posted by Wendy Allan on Sunday, February 7, 2016
If you sat on the board of Wal-Mart and Monsanto as well as your husband being responsible for the repealing the Glass Steagall act, then you just might be a friend of Wall Street. Posted by Eric Williams on Friday, February 5, 2016
As evidenced in the examples embedded above, many of those repeating the claim about Hillary Clinton on social media didn't appear to be familiar with its detail, and dates of Clinton's purported tenure on Monsanto's board were never (or rarely) included in iterations of the rumor. Oftentimes social media users who debunked the rumor attributed it to supporters of Bernie Sanders, though we were unable to specifically pin the claim to any source linked with Sanders' campaign (especially given that versions of it appeared on Twitter in 2012 and 2013, well before either candidate entered the 2016 presidential fray).
Nonetheless, many shares of the rumor on social media indeed originated with individuals asserting that Sanders was the preferable candidate for lacking the big business ties that Clinton (supposedly) had courted:
 They are on the board of Monsanto. Why don't they bring that up each time their face is shown? Posted by Craig Appel on Friday, February 5, 2016
That said, there are some indirect connections between Hillary Clinton and Monsanto that might have inspired such rumors. The Rose Law Firm for whom Hillary Clinton worked in Arkansas from 1977 through the 1980s reportedly handled some business for Monsanto, but we found no evidence that HIllary Clinton themselves was involved in such work. They have also spoken supportively of the biotech industry in general (not Monsanto specifically), as they did at the 2014 Biotechnology Industry Organization (BIO) conference in San Diego:
Speaking at the BIO 2014 convention in San Diego, Clinton told a luncheon audience that they understood biotech companies face extreme risks in developing new health care products. State support, along with a “national framework” including provisions to help patients who can't afford biotech therapies, are part of a rational policy, said Clinton. [Clinton] was interviewed by Jim Greenwood, president and CEO of the Biotechnology Industry Organization. BIO is holding the convention in San Diego for the first time since 2008. Clinton also endorsed the use of genetically modified organisms, or GMOs in agriculture to improve crops, such as by engineering them for drought resistance. They suggested the biotech industry stress these characteristics instead of focusing on the term GMOs. On GMOs, Clinton said the biotech industry “should continue to try to make the case to those who are skeptical that they may not know what they are eating already, because the question of genetically modified foods or hybrids has gone on for many many years, and there is a big gap between what the facts are and what the perceptions are.” “If you talk about drought-resistant seeds, and I have promoted those all over Africa, by definition they have been engineered to be drought-resistant,” Clinton said. “That's the beauty of them. Maybe somebody can get their harvest done and not starve, and maybe have something left over to sell.”
The Monsanto Company is also listed among the entities who have donated between $1 million and $5 million to the Clinton Foundation, a nonprofit corporation established by former President Bill Clinton to “strengthen the capacity of people throughout the world to meet the challenges of global interdependence.”
Additionally, some sources have posited that the rumor arose from a connection between the Clinton campaign and Jerry Crawford, an Iowa lawyer and Democratic party leader. Crawford worked on Hillary Clinton´s 2016 campaign in Iowa and is often described as a “Monsanto lobbyist”:
The only tie Clinton's campaign has to the biotech company is campaign adviser Jerry Crawford, who was brought on to help them win Iowa. If you are a presidential candidate, and you want to win in Iowa, you hire lobbyist Jerry Crawford who has a lot of political clout in the state. According to Opensecrets.org, their lobbying firm has represented Monsanto, as well as the Humane Society. This shouldn't be a surprise, considering the fact that Iowa is a major state for agriculture, and a number of seed companies do business with farmers there.
Crawford was profiled as a Clinton asset in Iowa in early 2015, but they began working on their Iowa campaign back in 2014. Crawford was also named as Midwest co-chair of the 2008 Clinton campaign [PDF]. It's possible that Crawford's lobbying connections were conflated with Hillary Clinton's, and/or that Clinton's tenure on Walmart's board of directors led to a franken-rumor that they also served on the board of Monsanto.
But despite the rumor's proliferation across social media, there's no truth to the claim that Hillary Clinton sat on Monsanto's board of directors at any point during their career. Moreover, we found no direct ties between Hillary Clinton and the agribusiness firm in regards to political fundraising. Apart from working with Crawford (whose firm has also provided services for Monsanto), Clinton has no obvious ties to the Monsanto corporation.
Last weekend, after only 3 weeks, the summer box office was already -10% below the previous year. With this weekend's not-so-hot new releases, Baywatch and Pirates 5, coming in well below expectations, that number is almost certainly going to look a lot worse come Tuesday morning. So what happened? After all...
Memorial Day weekend is supposed to be the weekend America goes to the movies -- Hollywood's Black Friday. With three whole days off, summer in the air, and a slew of hot titles playing everywhere, what's to stop us from enjoying the age-old ritual of dropping into the air conditioned dark for a couple hours of big-budget escapism? Actually, there is quite a lot, including movie stars no one really likes, the joy-killer of political correctness (I'm looking at you, Baywatch) an industry long out of ideas, out of interesting brands to remake (I'm looking at you, Baywatch), and the fact that we now enjoy a whole slew of options (like Netflix) that are a whole lot cheaper than the cost of being disappointed (again) by Hollywood.
How bad was this Memorial Day weekend? So bad it made 2016's Memorial Day weekend look good by comparison, even though two titles now considered flops were released at this time last year: X-Men: Apocalypse and Alice Through the Looking Glass. The former cleared $80 million, the latter $33 million.
This year, Pirates 5 skidded into just $77 million over the 4 days, while Baywatch outright belly-flopped with just $26.6 million. Johnny Depp's latest outing as the iconic Captain Jack Sparrow was supposed to kiss $90 million. Dwayne Johnson in those iconic red swim trunks was tracking a cool $50 million. Whoops!
Overall, this year the top 10 box office champs cleared $168 million over the last 4 days, compared to $198 million last year.
Not good, y'all.
Personally, I think Disney should light a candle to the Movie Gods to thank them for Pirates 5 doing as well as it did. Between Johnny Depp's personal issues, including five years of box office flops and a messy divorce that stripped them of the goodwill stars require remaining stars, and a 14-year-old franchise that doesn't feel as though it is offering anything new, $77 million is a gift.
Baywatch, however, deserved to tank. For going on two years I have been warning that America is pretty much over the raunchy R-rated comedy. Regardless, that is how Baywatch was sold. But that wasn't the stupid part. What was unforgivably stupid was refusing to market this remake using the hook that made the long-running television show so iconic: HOT BABES, SMOKIN' HARDBODIES IN TIGHT SWIMSUITS -- I'm talking about leggy blondes with bodacious bewbs that make a man happy to be alive, impossibly sexy women torturing Manmerica with a sweet taste of what they can't have.
Yes, you idiots in Hollywood, I am straight-up talking about objectifying the hell out of sexy goddesses. No one wanted to see a remake of Baywatch where it looks like someone used a tire pump to blow David Hasselhoff up into The Rock. What we wanted was another Pam Anderson, another Yasmine Bleeth, and oh my gawd yes, another Carmen Electra. All. In. Slow. Motion.
What were you morons thinking selling the guy-bods of Dwayne Johnson and Zac Efron? Please do name the politically-correct, super-woke, metrosexual pajama boy or the frigid, joyless feminist who sold you on marketing Baywatch -- (Baywatch!!) as an R-rated comedy/murder mystery without a single cheesecake shot in the trailer.
What's next, Hollywood, you gunna sell the next Superman movie as a Clark Kent/Jimmy Olson newspaper drama?
Sex sells, you're lumbering dolts, and there is absolutely nothing wrong with objectifying women who are willing to be objectified. There is also nothing more American. They agree to be objectified, we agree to objectify -- this is the work of consenting adults.
The entire reason Baywatch was successful for so many years on television was completely ignored. This is the stupidest promotional campaign I have ever seen -- ever.
Just like the lack of legs in Baywatch, the summer box office itself is showing none. Any hope Alien: Covenant might hold on a bit after last weekend's disappointing opening were dashed with a disastrous second weekend drop of -66%, or $13 million. Amy Schumer's Snatched is officially hot death in week 3, with just $41 million to its name.
As always, Hollywood will look to the overseas box office for summer redemption, and it might just be there, but here in America we have better things to do.
One high point is The Fate of the Furious, which became only the 6th title in history to reach $1 billion worldwide.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow their Facebook Page here.
BOYNTON BEACH, Fla. — The family of an elderly Florida man who died in September says video shows a deputy reentering their home after the man's death, and stealing prescription drugs, reports CBS affiliate WPEC.
Palm Beach County Deputy Jason Cooke has been charged with burglary. Authorities say they stole prescription medications after an elderly man, who authorities found passed out during a welfare check shortly after Hurricane Irma hit on Sept. 12, was taken to a local hospital where they died.
Investigators say shortly after the scene cleared, Cooke, who was not on the original call, showed up to the home and went inside. The home's internal surveillance cameras activated and sent an alert to the homeowner's sons, who called the sheriff's office.
In video released by the family, a man holding a flashlight while wearing what appears to be a police uniform can be seen rummaging in a kitchen, and inspecting pill bottles before reaching into their pocket.
In a statement released Tuesday, the family said the video was recorded about an hour and a half after the dying man was brought to the hospital. In the statement, they accused Cooke of burglary.
"We were outraged and disgusted when we viewed this," the family said.
Cooke was placed on paid administrative leave after being granted bond.
Day Seven: The Countdown Begins
6 days, 19 hours, 25 minutes, 24 seconds…23 seconds…22 seconds…
A breaking news report in the first hours of the morning crushed the faith of any and all deniers of the end of the world; through some voodoo math magic the scientists over at the observatory calculated the exact time the black hole would get close enough to swallow the Earth whole.
As the seconds ticked by on the TV screen Elsa was finally struck with the reality of their situation, the reality of the whole damn world's situation. They had less than seven days left to do live life the way they wanted, less than seven days left to appreciate the beauty and grandeur of the land, and less than seven days left to keep denying the crap out of the events that transpired last night.
There was no way in hell that the feeling they got when they looked into Anna's eyes was what they thought it was. All that they had for their sister was pure, carnal attraction; they wanted to be on Anna, not with them Repeating that mantra over and over again would surely drive away these unwanted thoughts, right?
No…she had to get rid of them for good. And in their desperation, they decided there was one surefire way to do so.
They pulled out their phone and opened up Craigslist for the second time that week, navigating effortlessly for the…personal ads. Them plan was simple: find a hot chick in their area, bang their brains out, and forget that yesterday ever happened. After a half hour of searching and messaging, they finally found someone and rushed upstairs to get their keys and freshen up.
Elsa hurriedly put on their jeans and a clean smelling shirt, they didn't honestly care about what they wore since their clothes would be coming off soon anyway. A startlingly strong sense of urgency came over the blonde, telling them to get the hell out of there ASAP. They grabbed their keys off their desk, turned around, and jumped twenty feet in the air as their completely silent sister scared the ever-loving crap out of them
Anna had clearly just woken up as evident by their wrinkled clothes and strung out hair, which was understandable since they had gotten back fairly late last night. "Elsa?" they muttered, "Why are you dressed up this early?"
The older girl paused, hoping that their younger sister was still too disoriented to make out the panic on their face. "U-um…early? It's, heheh, it's already 10 in the morning sis."
Anna yawned indecently, which caused their white t-shirt to rise up and show off their stomach underneath. Elsa pretended not to notice, and also pretended not to imagine what it would be like to run their hands underneath that shirt, and to watch the look on Anna's face when she…yeah Elsa pretended not to imagine any of that. "10 in the morning…really? Yeesh, I musta been out like a light."
Elsa forced out a chuckle. "Yeah…yeah you really were."
"Well not like you asked or anything, but I had a very good sleep." Anna leaned on their sister's doorframe with a tired smile. "And hey, you still haven't answered my question."
"What question?"
"Uh…the question of what you're doing dressed so early?" Anna replied with their own chuckle.
"Well technically I did answer you when I said-"
"Oh my god Elsa please…" Anna interrupted. "I'm waaaay too tired and it's waaaay too early for this word game semantics blah. So please just...tell me what you're up to."
"Okay fine." Elsa sighed. "I was gonna go out to get breakfast. I had a real craving for something with eggs and bacon and we have none of that in the fridge."
"…that's all?" Anna looked at their sister with bewilderment. "I'm not sure why that took so long for you to say."
"Well, uh…"
Anna gasped and pointed at Elsa dramatically. "Oh my god, you weren't going to get me anything were you?! You selfish little minx!"
Despite such a strange sense of reasoning, Elsa knew better than to question it. "Do…are you sure you know what a minx is?"
"I know enough to know that you are one! Ugh, I cannot believe you would go get breakfast without me. Worse than that, you were planning on spending our last Saturday morning without me."
Elsa felt overwhelmed at the abundance of italics, and also an extreme sense of guilt strike when their sister dropped that bit of perspective on them It was just now dawning on the blonde how unreasonably selfish they were being; they had put their own confusing feelings and strong sense of denial over their own sister's one wish just to spend time with them They dropped their keys back on their desk and rushed over to Anna, wrapping them in the tightest hug they had ever given.
The redhead was thoroughly confused but they reciprocated the hug anyway, wrapping their hands across their sister's waist. "Um Elsa…not that I appreciate the hug or anything but are you alright?"
Elsa's heart was racing, they tightened the embrace as a means of ignoring it. "I'm sorry Anna…I was being such a selfish asshole…and…I just…"
"Hey hey, don't worry about its sis. It's really nothing, I was just being dramatic for the sake of being dramatic." Anna giggled. "If you wanna go out and get breakfast without me then it's fine, I'm not that hungry anyway."
"No, you don't have to do that. I hurt your feelings and I wanna make it right, so let me take you out to eat. Whatever you want." Elsa didn't want this hug to end, they pretended it wasn't anything else but sisterly affection.
"You really mean that?"
"Of course I do."
Anna giggled once more, a noise that was starting to sound like a gorgeous symphony to Elsa. "Alright then it's a date. But hey, I actually did have something I wanted us to do today."
"Name it."
The younger sister pulled away from the hug but kept their arms wrapped around their sister's waist. "Can we go visit Mom and Dad?"
A/N: No this isn't the end of day seven, check back soon…ish for part 2.
A driver's diary #16 ImTotallyNotLolzor Dec 2nd, 2015 ( edited ) 30 Never 30Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.14 KB [AUDIO TAPE BEGINS] "The tension in Germany during the times of the Wall was high. It fell not too long ago. Couple of years. At first I was a guy that... knew how to get certain things... knew how to get... past the wall and... drop supplies. I was known for not only transporting guns to rebels but also for transporting people. If the price was right, I'd smuggle anything across that border. The guards knew me well. Some were friends of mine, some acquaintances. Most would let me pass. Others needed a bit more... persuasion. But everyone has their price. Then... came the STASI. The "Staatssicherheitsdienst", State Security in English. That's what they called themselves... They were everywhere... and once I started growing more and more popular... they noticed. One day, as I was transporting MP-40s to a... old friend, at least I thought they are, I was busted. They took me in. Interrogated me, tried to brainwash me. When that didn't work they blackmailed me. I gave in. They forced me into border patrol. Only there they could control my actions. I was forced to point the barrel of my gun at fellow rebels. I hated it." [END OF TAPE]
RAW Paste Data
[AUDIO TAPE BEGINS] "The tension in Germany during the times of the Wall was high. It fell not too long ago. Couple of years. At first I was a guy that... knew how to get certain things... knew how to get... past the wall and... drop supplies. I was known for not only transporting guns to rebels but also for transporting people. If the price was right, I'd smuggle anything across that border. The guards knew me well. Some were friends of mine, some acquaintances. Most would let me pass. Others needed a bit more... persuasion. But everyone has their price. Then... came the STASI. The "Staatssicherheitsdienst", State Security in English. That's what they called themselves... They were everywhere... and once I started growing more and more popular... they noticed. One day, as I was transporting MP-40s to a... old friend, at least I thought they are, I was busted. They took me in. Interrogated me, tried to brainwash me. When that didn't work they blackmailed me. I gave in. They forced me into border patrol. Only there they could control my actions. I was forced to point the barrel of my gun at fellow rebels. I hated it." [END OF TAPE]
By Jackie Hong
Toronto Batman's a little disgruntled after a girl they posed with for a photo drops a quarter into their tip jar.
“Oh yes, I can go buy bubble gum, thank you! Being sarcastic, by the way,” they mutter, not quite under their breath.
Chances are, if you've wandered through Toronto's Dundas Square recently, you've passed by the caped crusader – he's been a steady fixture there since 2012. And like their Gotham equivalent, Toronto Batman's tight-lipped about their identity behind the mask, letting only a few details slip past: when he's not Batman, he's a server; their suit, which weighs about 30lbs, costs two grand; a few of their friends and family know about their alter-ego but they don't ask what they make of it; and age-wise, he's “up there.” They also make occasional appearances around the Air Canada Centre and Rogers Centre, runs a YouTube channel and has a fairly popular Facebook page (almost 18,000 likes), but manages to remain mostly a mystery. The only behind-the-scenes topic they seem sort of eager to breach is their workout routine – at their peak this winter, they benched 170lbs, could squat 250lbs and leg-press 550lbs, and ate eight to 10 meals a day for two months so they could bulk up for the summer.
“It's funny, you hear a lot of different stories about me,” they said when I chatted with them one July morning. Their voice isn't quite as raspy as Christian Bale's lawn-mower-in-throat version of the Dark Knight, but it's about as deep without the throat cancer.
“People create their own stories about my identity, one person was like ‘Yeah they do sound at the Sound Academy.' I was thinking in my head, ‘Uh, no I don't.' I've heard different things, like I'm a wrestler, I do meth, I do makeup. It's kind of interesting because it makes it more mythical. It's kinda funny at the same time.”
Chintzy tips appear to be Toronto Batman's greatest nemesis.
“If I lift someone and they give me a quarter, it's like, ‘What does it take to impress you?' Yeah, it's not juggling but I'm holding 190lbs,” they said. Later, they told me that they don't dwell on the tips as much as they used to and he's realized that in the end they usually even out.
“I used to be like that, but then (fellow performer) Spider-Man was like ‘Chill the fuck out.' And I was like, ‘Alright,' and I chilled the fuck out, and it's a lot easier that way… I'd rather sleep at night knowing I wasn't a piece of shit that day.”
Quarters aside, Toronto Batman is otherwise seemingly happy with their title. They said they were mainly inspired to take on the role by Hollywood's recent portrayals of the superhero, and the job has grown on him.
“It's a lot of fun… I think a lot of people like to see me, I get to lift people and see them smile,” they said, “[I'm] getting a good workout here, I don't mind making extra tips and stuff, a lot of international people to meet… I like being outside and I like being considered Batman for once.”
He's become excellent at banter with strangers, often calling out to random passers-by during slow periods (“Hi, I'm Toronto Batman! You have nice arm tattoos!”), and added that they and the other buskers usually get along and watch out for each other (the fundamentalist group distributing literature on Islam, another Dundas Square fixture, even bought them donuts once).
Besides the occupational hazard of working in a public space downtown (“Crazy people, they like to fight”), the only other downside of being Toronto Batman is the minor physical toll that comes with constantly swinging people over their shoulder.
“Last year I tore my left arm near the elbow, just very slightly, lifting someone. I remember this guy was like, ‘I know you're hurt, could you still lift my daughter?' and I still did it somehow…. It's not too bad, just the odd muscle strain,” they said.
Like Bruce Wayne though, Toronto Batman knows there will come a day when they have to hang up their cape. They have their sights set on 2016, when the Batman vs. Superman movie comes out on DVD.
“That's about all I can take, I think,” they said. “Two more years. Just keep telling myself that. Two more years, two more years.”
Two little boys in baseball caps timidly walk up and ask if they can take a picture with him.
“Of course!” Toronto Batman yells. “Here, put your arms behind my neck.”
In one swift motion, they hoist the kids up off the ground. They squeal with glee while their mom snaps a photo with their phone. They put a $5 bill into the tip jar.
• Businesses employing foreign workers will pay total of $1.2bn to fund skilling Australians fund for 300,000 apprentices and trainees
• Four largest banks will each pay up to $400m every year, Treasury says
Big banks will be hit with a $6.2bn levy and businesses employing foreign workers will pay $1.2bn in two massive revenue-raising measures from corporate Australia unveiled in the budget.
The levy on businesses using foreign workers will fund up to 300,000 apprenticeships and traineeships over four years but the bank levy is a straight tax grab to go into general revenue.
Banks and financial institutions will also be policed by a new consumer body and subject to other accountability measures, as the government attempts to find a credible alternative to persistent demands for a banking royal commission.
Australia budget 2017: Scott Morrison to tax banks and increase Medicare levy – politics live Read more
In their budget speech the treasurer, Scott Morrison, said the bank levy was a “fair contribution from our major banks, similar to measures imposed in other advanced countries” and said it would “even up the playing field for smaller banks”.
The bank levy will apply from 1 July to deposit-taking institutions with licensed entity liabilities of $100bn or more, indexed to gross domestic product.
The big four banks – ANZ, Westpac, NAB and Commonwealth – will each pay in the region of $300m to $400m every year under the levy, Treasury officials said. Only they and Macquarie, the fifth-largest bank, will pay the levy at present, which does not apply to superannuation funds or insurance companies.
Banks will have to pay 0.015% of their licensed entity liabilities each quarter, for a total levy of 0.06% a year. It will raise $6.2bn over four years.
Morrison said the measure would not apply to home loans and customer deposits of less than $250,000, meaning that unlike the previous bank deposit tax it was not a levy on ordinary deposit accounts.
The government would create a Australian financial complaints authority, to “resolve disputes and obtain binding outcomes” from banks and other financial institutions, Morrison said. It would be “more accessible and affordable” for customers.
Afca will be industry funded and the budget papers say it will be “free, fast and binding” and hear disputes of higher value than the three existing schemes it replaces – the financial ombudsman service, the credit investments ombudsman and the superannuation complaints tribunal.
The government will require senior bank executives to register with the Australian Prudential Regulation Authority, which can deregister them, disqualify them from executive positions and even strip them of bonuses for breaches of laws or systemic failures in their banks.
Banks will face bigger fines of $50m for small banks and $200m for big banks for breaching rules and will also be held to account if they try to hide executives' misconduct.
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission will undertake a residential mortgage banking inquiry until 30 June. It will be able to require banks to explain changes to mortgage prices, fees and interest rates.
The ACCC will also receive $13.2m to establish a unit to regularly inquire into financial system competition.
The government will create a $1.5bn “skilling Australians fund”, paid for, in part, by a $1.2bn levy on businesses that employ foreign workers, to apply from March 2018.
Budget 2017: Coalition 2.0 reboots in bid to jolt a political recovery | Katharine Murphy Read more
Businesses with a turnover of more than $10m will have to pay $5,000 upfront for each employee on a permanent work visa and $1,800 for each employee on a temporary skill shortage visa, the replacement for the current 457 visa class.
Businesses with a turnover of less than $10m will pay lower rates: $3,000 for employees on permanent work visas and $1,200 for employees on temporary skill shortage visas.
The skills fund will pay for up to 300,000 trade apprenticeships and traineeships in high-demand sectors and industries relying on skilled foreign workers.
In 2017-18 the fund will get $261.2m more than raised by the levy, but after 2018-19 it will rely on funding exclusively from the levy.
Despite the two new revenue hits the news is not all bad for business. The budget confirms the government's intention to legislate the rest of its $48bn 10-year company tax cut plan, and continues the $20,000 instant asset write-off facility for small businesses below $10m turnover for another year.
The government estimates it will raise $318m in revenue by extending a black economy crackdown to contractors in the courier and cleaning industries. Businesses in these industries will be required to report payments to contractors to the Australian Taxation Office, as occurs in the building and construction industry.
The ATO will also get $32m for one year's funding to continue policing the black economy in two programs targeted at businesses with less than $15m turnover. The budget papers estimate these programs will achieve a net gain of $447.2m.
Drawing Movement
Day 2:
Teacher's Guide Series: Animation from the Academy of Motion Pictures and Sciences (i.e the Oscars people!)
Using these materials as a spring-board, today we learned about cel animation. This was not as elaborate as our first lesson, but my son had a lot more to add to the discussion, questions, comparisons/connections and observations. We read the intro to the lesson HERE, and then watched this:
Unscripted Science Lesson: How photocopiers work.
How photocopier machines work.
Part A (Art)
This is where I kind of fell down. Thinking that it would be more fun to draw the activity LARGER, I folded some paper into four squares and asked them to animate in the squares. I guess I didn't explain it well enough, because this was the result:
This is not what I had in mind. But I praised them for their originality and creativity. They really did put a lot of thought into it. This is where I sometimes forget how black and white my kid thinks (he has ASD). Moving on…we used what they did to talk about estimating how many stop motion cels it would take to animate their drawing which is what they suggested as the supplementary activity.
Part B
The next part was about methods that animators use to give characters personality and to show movement. One of these is called “squash and stretch.” We watched this video to learn more about it.
Then we looked at examples of characters that are drawn to help imply personality:
Supplemental Activity
We talked about this:
Discuss with your students what animator Norman McLaren meant by the statement,”Animation is not the art of drawings-that-move but rather the art of movements-that-are-drawn.”
And we watched the video below, Wall-E meets Eve to identify emotions in the characters and what the body language and facial expressions were to show that they were feeling these emotions. This is particularly challenging for kids with ASD, but they got it!
We've got two more activities to go, and so far they are LOVING this.
Library books: Further study
Getting Ready for a Career as a Computer Animator by Bill Lund
Computer Animation by Darcy Lockman
Worksheet activity http://www.oscars.org/education-outreach/teachersguide/animation/pdf/anim_act2.pdf
More to come, so stay tuned…
Krysten
Advertisements
Some people have spent four weeks in temporary housing after a fire broke out at their residential building in San Francisco.They can't go back to their homes because the building is damaged and they're afraid they'll now be forced to live on the streets, so they want the mayor to step in.Some residents who were displaced from last month's fire in Bernal Heights are still looking for someplace to live.They've been staying at local motels, but they say they've been told they may have to move out of the motels and into local shelters.Jose and Robert Montoya are brothers and they've been at the Oaisis Inn for the last week.They've been given an extra day by the American Red Cross to stay there, but they don't know where they're going to go after that.They are like a few other displaced residents of this fire who say they are having trouble finding other rental homes to go to while their current building is renovated following the fire.They are asking for help from the Red Cross and San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee. "The mayor assured us that we wouldn't be homeless, that was a promise. They go, 'I promise nobody in this room will be homeless."' Jose said."They're telling us: 'We haven't found you an SRO and Monday is all we can do for you. It's check out time and you can go to a shelter,"' displaced resident Michelle Thompson said.The Bernal Heights fire displaced nearly 60 residents from several buildings.Two households ABC7 News talked with say they haven't received much guidance on applying for other homes.has been set up to support the displaced residents, but they said they dont' seem to know how to contact the owner of that page.They say they could use some extra money in their searches for new housing.to help the residents affected by the fire.
Developers are often confused with the best practices in NodeJS while creating an application. Here are some useful tips that might help you.
The first thing to be considered is that keep the modules clean and simple, which makes it easier for further debugging and editing.It will be much easier to understand the code if it is written in a consistent style. It should include indent rules, variable naming conventions, comments etc.
It is a good practice to create package.json(npm package dependencies) file using npm init command. Also use –save every time you install a module, so that it can be added to the package.json file. Remember to include all npm packages used in your project to package.json file. Hence developer can install all dependencies using npm install, no need to install them separately.
It is possible to start your NodeJS application by npm start command, Just put start command in script section of your project's package.json file, just like this
"scripts": { "start": "node main.js" } 1 2 3 "scripts" : { "start" : "node main.js" }
There is an easy way to find outdated versions of npm packages, just type
$ npm outdated and this will show the current, wanted and latest versions of the packages.
The best thing to consider while creating an asynchronous function is to set first parameter of the callback as an error flag.
eg:
module.exports = function (param1, callback) { // do something if( ! error){ // no errror callback(null, param2); // error-first callback return; } // if error callback(true,null); // error-first callback } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 module . exports = function ( param1 , callback ) { // do something if ( ! error ) { // no errror callback ( null , param2 ) ; // error-first callback return ; } // if error callback ( true , null ) ; // error-first callback }
Always check for errors from callbacks, do not allow the underlying code to execute if there is any error.Node involves passing around lots of callbacks, and heavy use of higher-level functions to manage control flow. Using a functional style will save you a lot of trouble.
Using try… catch module with asynchronous functions may not end up with the desired results. Domains can catch asynchronous errors—for example, error events—which try/catch cannot do. Ref: https://nodejs.org/api/domain.html to read more about domain.
While you are creating a node application, always look for a good existing solutions first. Npm(https://www.npmjs.com) provides a lot of packages, there is a pretty good chance you will find the functionality that you are looking for.
The two most powerful aspect of Node.js are it's non-blocking IO and asynchronous runtime. Both of these aspects of Node.js are what gives it the speed and robustness to serve more requests faster than any other language. So why should we go for the old fashioned synchronous pattern?
// bad var data = fs.readFileSync('/path/to/file'); // synchronous console.log(data); // good fs.readFile('/path/to/file', function (err, data) { // asynchronous // err will be an error object if an error occurred // data will be the file that was read console.log(data); }); 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 // bad var data = fs . readFileSync ( '/path/to/file' ) ; // synchronous console . log ( data ) ; // good fs . readFile ( '/path/to/file' , function ( err , data ) { // asynchronous // err will be an error object if an error occurred // data will be the file that was read console . log ( data ) ; } ) ;
“use strict” behaviour flag which can be tagged as the header to any JavaScript file or function. This flag triggers error notification upon encountering bad practices with coding and even denies the usage of certain functions. Never require Modules Inside of Functions: Node.js always runs require synchronously. This is so the module being required can require other needed modules. Always require modules at the top of your file, outside of any function call. Save the required module to a variable and use the variable instead of re-requiring the module. Node.js will save the module to that variable and your code will run much faster”.
eg:
var path = require('path'); // require module at the top module.exports = function xFunc(){ var newPath = path.join('/foo', 'bar', 'baz/asdf', 'quux'); // your stuff here } module.exports = function yFunc(){ var myPath = path.join('/koo', 'yar', 'xaz/vgsdf'); // your stuff here } 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 var path = require ( 'path' ) ; // require module at the top module . exports = function xFunc ( ) { var newPath = path . join ( '/foo' , 'bar' , 'baz/asdf' , 'quux' ) ; // your stuff here } module . exports = function yFunc ( ) { var myPath = path . join ( '/koo', ' yar ', ' xaz / vgsdf ' ) ; // your stuff here }
Use environment variables to configure npm
“Any environment variables that start with npm_config_ will be interpreted as a configuration parameter. For example, putting npm_config_foo=bar in your environment will set the foo configuration parameter to bar. Any environment configurations that are not given a value will be given the value of true. Config values are case-insensitive, so NPM_CONFIG_FOO=bar will work the same.”
Ref: https://docs.npmjs.com/misc/config#environment-variables
One last thing to be noted is the difference between exports and module.exports. Exports only collects properties and attaches them if module.exports doesn't already have existing properties. If the module.exports comes with any property, everything tagged with exports is ignored rather than the things attached to module.exports.
Hope you enjoyed reading this article.
Courtesy: Various internet resources
Know More About This Topic from our Techies
Aside from the very obvious, “because they just should,” and the even more glaring “because it's the best TV show ever apart from Buffy: The Vampire Slayer,” here are seven more, by no means extensive or sole, reasons why they (and by ‘they' I mean ‘The Man') should bring back Joss Whedon's Firefly.
1. Nathan Fillion
If you're anything like me it took you all of 30 seconds to forget about Caleb and melt into a blathering pile of “hot-diggity-damn Captain Mal, I surely would like to holster your weapon!” wet stuff. Sure he's a total gun-slinging babe, tough as hell with a ruffian mischievousness and a wise-cracking resilient attitude that I'm a sucker for, but it's that absolute-asshole-with-a-hidden-heart-of-gold shtick that gets me every time. BRING CAPTAIN MAL BACK!
2. The possibility of some really hot Inara-on-Captain Mal action
14 episodes worth of palpable sexual tension surely isn't enough. I need closure—in the form of earth shattering, heart rendering, kinky-as-cream-pie sex between Captain Mal and Inara. Nay, I deserve closure, we all do. And boobies. BRING INARA AND CAPTAIN MAL BACK AND MAKE THEM SEX!
3. While my one track mind is positioned dangerously below the navel…
Kaylee and Simon doing it in the engine room. I'm just sayin'. If there was ever a cliff hanger relationship Kaylee and Simon are as much of a clanger as Inara and Captain Mal, but maybe even more so, because you get the distinct sense that Kaylee and Simon could really be something, whereas The Captain and Inara are doomed from the outset (which doesn't preclude them from hot sex scenes, see above). BRING BACK KAYLEE AND SIMON!
4. Who better to bust genres than the master of genre busting?
Everyone's doing it—Vampires from the deep South who are really transgender robots in an archaic Feudal society where everyone is a secret drug dealer with added comedy and coming-of-age poignancy not to mention threats of extra-terrestrial violence, plus, have you seen that hot guy with their shirt off?! Jokes aside, there's some good TV out there, but no one marries genres quite like King Whedon. For a trend that has befuddled most and pervaded screens shamelessly since Buffy (I'm not attributing Buffy to creating the trend, I'm just saying, in terms of precursory pop culture I think Buffy was important in terms of conceptualising and defining genre bending trends), successful genre busting is a rare gift an no one manages to immerse dialogue, plot and mise en scène in multiple genres like Joss Whedon. BRING BACK AMERICAN-CHINESE CULTURAL CLASHING AND SPACE WESTERN THEMES!
5. Who is River Tam?
I'm not satisfied with the extent of revelations concerning River. OK, so now she's a lethal fighting machine—there's a whole future of stories that can play into this. I mean, is Captain Mal going to harness their powers for good? Are they going to accidentally hurt someone they love? Will they be able to escape The Hands Of Blue? Who are The Hands Of Blue? What really happened to them before Simon saved her? Will they ever fall in love? SO MANY UNANSWERED QUESTIONS, BRING BACK RIVER!
6. The fans
There are still so many Firefly fans. You might not know it, but they're everywhere—passing you in the supermarket, drinking a beer next to you at the bar, jogging on an adjacent treadmill at your local gym—they're as innocuous as your upstairs neighbour but they're there, seething and laying in a constant anticipatory wait. They're quiet, marginalized and disenfranchised, but they are large in number and fervent in their passion, all with their very own list of reasons as to why Firefly should be bought back, so watch out—the Firefly fan will rise again. Loyal fans everywhere are still holding onto a dream—and why shouldn't they?—a dream that the Whedonverse will once again crack open, and the good ship Serenity will cruise across its fractured, mythical skies. BRING BACK FIREFLY!
7. Serenity 2
Serenity ended in a cliff-hanger, wide open for a sequel. While those who don't love Firefly didn't necessarily ‘get' Serenity, it was still fairly successful with positive reviews, a few awards and combined box office and DVD sales repaying budget. Serenity 2: Still Rivers Run Deep (do you like my catchy title?) would be a great precursor to the next installment of Firefly episodes, and could very well recruit some new fans to the Firefly fold with some much-warranted hype. BRING BACK SERENITY!
CHICAGO (MarketWatch) -- Blockbuster Inc. has no intention of filing for bankruptcy, the company said Tuesday afternoon.
Shares of the video-rental chain had dropped 77% after a published report said the company was looking into such a possibility.
Blockbuster has hired the law firm of Kirkland & Ellis LLP to assist it in ongoing financing efforts, according to Blockbuster spokesperson Karen Raskopf.
The Dallas-based company has said it has the cash to fund debt through 2009 if necessary, but is trying to secure refinancing to make a debt payment due in August, Raskopf said.
Blockbuster BBI, +4.00% shares were down 74 cents at 22 cents before trading on the shares was halted. The stock already has fallen 93% in the past year.
The business faced serious challenges even before the worldwide economic collapse, which has made consumers more cost-conscious. DVD-rental pioneer Netflix Inc. NFLX, +0.29% has cut severely into Blockbuster's share of the market over the past several years with its discs-by-mail service.
Blockbuster countered with an online offering of its own, which eventually evolved into Total Access -- a program that lets online Blockbuster customers return DVDs through the mail or redeem them at a store for more rentals.
Yet despite encouraging signals, Blockbuster's pullback in marketing spending and a price increase for Total Access ended up benefiting Netflix last year. Netflix had its most successful quarter to date in the period ended Dec. 31.
To a lesser extent, Blockbuster is also pressured by Apple Inc. AAPL, +0.06% which began last year to offer a movie-download rental service via its iTunes online store. Netflix offers downloads as well.
In response, Blockbuster made a controversial offer to acquire now-bankrupt retailer Circuit City last April, but withdrew the bid after completing its due diligence.
Blockbuster operates more than 7,500 stores worldwide.
I'm on a FNAF rampage right now. :S
I had this song stuck in my head, and for some reason I wanted to draw Funtime Foxy and Lolbit in this position. I guess the song fit their designs in a way?I took the liberty of changing their designs up a little so they could look more fox-like, and my goodness, I am SO impressed with how this came out! OuO Almost took five hours with some breaks in between, but it was totally worth itThis really isn't a 'shipping' picture of these two, but call it one if you desire lol. I kind of made a pun based off of Ennard's concept of them being inside every body/animatronic. I like to think of Lolbit as a counterpart of Funtime Foxy, so their stance represents that they share the same heart within each of their body.Enjoy!
Canadian darling Sarah Polley's bombshell that they were born of an affair stunned fans this week, but more eye-opening was the reaction of their father – the father who raised them – to the revelation that their late wife had been unfaithful, and that they had zero biological investment in their youngest daughter. In Ms. Polley's words, it was "extraordinary."
"His chief concern, almost immediately, was that my siblings and I not put any blame on my mother for them straying outside of their marriage," Ms. Polley wrote in a blog post for the National Film Board of Canada. "He was candid about their own lack of responsiveness toward them and how that may have led them to the point where they sought out the affection of another person."
There was none of the screaming or chair-tossing often found in mainstream portrayals of cuckoldry, as men's paternity is announced or renounced from a manila envelope, Maury Povich style.
Story continues below advertisement
"There's this idea people have that men's commitment to fatherhood is this fragile thing, easily shattered," said Noah Brand, editor-in-chief of the Good Men Project, an online magazine. "It's not an absolute rule."
As a child raised primarily by a stepfather, Mr. Brand wasn't surprised about Michael Polley's absolute support for their daughter: "He raised a kid that wasn't biologically their own: so does everyone who adopts a child. That's parenting. They put in the work, that's being a father."
While testing DNA for disease in the last decade, geneticists have stumbled on figures that suggest roughly 10 to 15 per cent of children are not fathered by the men they believe to be their dads. A 2003 study by the American Association of Blood Banks pegged it higher still, finding that in 30 per cent of 354,000 blood tests done to determine paternity, the man tested was not the biological father.
From a cultural standpoint, Mr. Polley's acquiescence to news of their wife's affair was most startling of all, says Robin Milhausen, an associate professor in Family Relations and Applied Nutrition at the University of Guelph who has researched cheating.
"We're going against traditional scripts where it's men who are more likely to be sexually unfaithful. Women's sexual infidelity tends to bother men more than emotional infidelity and that's why the public reacts with more judgment and surprise that the man is taking it in stride."
A more callous view would call it resigned cuckoldry, especially as there were jokes in the family about Ms. Polley's lineage. But Mr. Brand sees it as a more modern masculinity.
"It was the most manly-in-a-good-sense part of it. They were taking responsibility because it was their marriage. That is deeply admirable in my mind."
Alabama's economy has not grown significantly over the past three months, according to an ongoing economic analysis conducted by the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia.
Each month, the Philadelphia Fed updates an overall economic measure it calls the coincident index. The coincident index combines four factors -- total jobs, the unemployment rate, manufacturing hours worked, and wages and salaries paid -- to judge whether a state's economy is growing or shrinking.
Alabama's coincident index score for February was 128.26, essentially unchanged from its November score. Only three other states failed to grow over the past three months: Alaska (unchanged), and Wyoming and Illinois (shrunk slightly).
The number of jobs supported by Alabama's economy is essentially unchanged between November and February, stuck near 1,887,000 jobs after seasonal adjustments. The unemployment rate has increased from 6.9 percent to 7.2 percent.
If the building momentum for a single-payer or Medicare-for-All healthcare system wasn't already clear, developments this week should more than make up for that.
Declaring that "healthcare is a fundamental human right" and TrumpCare is "an abomination," Democratic New Jersey State Assemblyman John Wisniewski on Thursday announced draft legislation to provide universal coverage for the state's residents.
"It is unconscionable that in this day and age, families must go without health insurance coverage because of its cost," Wisniewski, a gubernatorial candidate, said in a statement announcing the Healthy New Jersey Act. "We must find a way to eliminate the profit motive from our healthcare decisions and provide services to everyone regardless of their income."
"TrumpCare is not the way forward," they stated, adding: "The current system prioritizes dollars over lives."
"The only way to truly solve the problem of providing affordable healthcare is creating a single-payer system," Wisniewski said.
The draft legislation was unveiled to get comments from experts and stakeholders and will be introduced in the next legislative session, the statement explains.
The New Jersey chapter of Our Revolution, which endorsed Wisniewski's gubernatorial bid this week, said on Twitter that it applauded the legislation, as "It's long past time we have Single Payer!"
The same day as Wisniewski unveiled their legislation, a single-payer healthcare bill in California, which supporters hope can "send a message" and "be a catalyst for the nation," advanced.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The state Senate Appropriations Committee voted Thursday to advance it to a vote in the full Senate by the end of next week.
The California Nurses Association praised the development, writing on its Facebook page: "Great news —> the healthcare revolution continues!"
Looking at the news from California as well as the New York's State Assembly's passage this month of a single-payer healthcare bill, one observer described them as "victories [that] constitute a positive sign that state-based campaigns for universal healthcare ramping up across the country."
There are positive signs at the national level as well.
Rep. John Conyers Jr. (D-Mich.). declared Wednesday: "I've never seen more energy behind this issue of Medicare for All."
The Michigan Democrat reintroduced in January the Improved Medicare for All Act, HR 676, and as of Tuesday, it reached 111 co-sponsors—the most ever—including the chairperson of the House Democratic caucus, Rep. Joseph Crowley (D-N.Y.).
"As a Democrat I believe that healthcare of course is a right, not a privilege. I believe [in] universal healthcare, for every American—not just a plan or a contract, but the ability to see a doctor and get treatment whenever they need it. We will never get universal care building on a foundation of private, for-profit insurance," Conyers said.
GENERAL:
Looks like recently all submitted walls are dark as hell, so glad that finally I could finish this one. The source for this was a very rare CD booklet picture from which I found 3 different ones, but non of them provides a quality one. Title inspired by the computer game "Crysis" where "Maximum Armor" is the most defensive mode of your power suit.
WORK PROCESS:
Vectoring is always a good choice to patch up something of a crappy quality and l also extended some parts in the bottom. The most annoying part was the circuit pattern, no brushes or pattern used, the whole thing was done manually by either vector shapes or Pen Tool.
The background was based on a 720p screenshot from Hyperdimension Neptunia, but with changed colors and fixed to centered angle.
Outlines on Astraea are thicker than usual, but to me it looks still good. As some of you know, they are my favorite character ever, and so I'm ready to pour any ammount of time to making art with them
Not exactly sure about the angle but hell...imagine that there are stairs or something on the middle way.
TECHNICAL DATA:
Software: Adobe Photoshop CS2
Original resolution: 4000x2500 (16:10)
Original size: 64,2MB (.psd)
In honor of Banned Books Week, the last week in September, I have created a couple of different quote pieces by different authors who have had their literary works placed on ban list from schools, colleges, universities, and public libraries.To start off with, here is perhaps the best known modern example of how far freedom of expression denouncers will go in attempting to silence dissension against a belief or idea! Salman Rushdie is best known (in the west) for their forth novel The Satanic Verses ! You can click on that link to read more about it!In short, the novel resulted in multiple assassination attempts on Rushdie's life over the course of several decades, mainly through Iranian religious backing. They, namely the supreme leader or Iran, issued an order for Rushdie to be killed because of the novel. That order is still in place today, more than 20 years later...This quote fully symbolizes what freedom of expression truly is! With out the ability to offend, freedom of expression doesn't truly exist!
The classic Hippocratic Oath, translated by Heinrich Von Staden, requires a new physician to swear to the following oath:
And I will use regimens for the benefit of the ill in accordance with my ability and my judgment, but from [what is] to their harm or injustice I will keep [them]. And, I will not give a drug that is deadly to anyone if asked [for it], nor will I suggest the way to such a counsel.
A 1964 translation by Louis Lasagna, Dean of the School of Medicine at Tufts University, rephrases the classic oath to say:
I will apply, for the benefit of the sick, all measures which are required, avoiding those twin traps of overtreatment and therapeutic nihilism. I will remember that there is art to medicine as well as science, and that warmth, sympathy, and understanding may outweigh the surgeon's knife or the chemist's drug.
Physician-assisted suicide is now legal in Oregon, Washington, Vermont, Montana and New Mexico. It is under consideration in 13 other states. Along the way, the terminology has moved from “physician-assisted suicide” (PAS) to “physician aid in dying” (PAD). “Suicide” has traditionally conjured up a vision of premature death prompted by despair, impaired judgment and the like. As a result, several professional organizations have objected to the use of the term “suicide,” articulating that this word does not describe those opting to exert control over their end of life under the laws allowing this deliberate choice.
I argue that the true paradigm for physician aid in dying is palliative care, and that physician-assisted suicide is just that- suicide. Palliative care reflects and delivers on the Hippocratic Oath, among the oldest binding documents in history. For those who are terminally ill, it is “physician aid in dying” in its purest sense. Palliative specialists do not send patients on their way with lethal medication which- if following legal requirements- must be self-administered. Palliative specialists do not ask patients to respond to their condition alone; palliative care is patient-centered and collaborative.
Palliative care is specialized medical care for those with serious illnesses. It focuses on providing patients with relief from symptoms and stress of serious illness, and it is not restricted to those with diagnoses of six months or less to live. Its goal is to improve the quality of life for both the patient and theirs or their family.
Palliative care includes a multidisciplinary team of doctors, nurses and others who work together with other providers to provide an extra layer of support to meet personal goals and goals of care, assuring that pain is always managed. A patient is not required to forego curative treatments to receive palliative care; palliative services maintain patient autonomy and control over individual destiny but they do not include killing oneself.
Surveys indicate that 91 percent of those opting for assisted suicide do so to gain control; only 30 percent choose this route due to pain. My earlier article, Is Autonomy All We Really Want?, explores “the space between,” the dialogical encounter and the isolating, frightening aspects of autonomy. A high quality palliative care team can mitigate that aloneness by accompanying patients shoulder to shoulder, respecting their autonomy and goals while providing warmth, sympathy and understanding. Not only do patients benefit from a higher quality of life, but physicians stay true their vow to “avoid…traps…of therapeutic nihilism.”
I argue that the true paradigm for physician aid in dying is palliative care, and that physician-assisted suicide is just that- suicide.
Words matter. Physician-assisted suicide is equivalent to the facilitation of killing. There is no other way to characterize the act. Physician aid in dying in the context of palliative care supports the chronically ill and dying in a respectful, professionally honored tradition. As Leon Kass, physician and Hertog Fellow at the American Enterprise Institute, states:
In forswearing the giving of poison when asked for it, the Hippocratic physician rejects the view that patient's choice for death can make killing them right…the deepest ethical principle restraining the physician's power is…the dignity and mysterious power of human life itself. A person can choose to be a physician but cannot choose what physicianship means.
The Trayvon Martin verdict doesn't surprise me. Stanford, FL never wanted Zimmerman arrested. Now he's free to kill another child. — Ice Cube (@icecube) July 14, 2013
No justice. No peace. ????? — Miley Ray Cyrus (@MileyCyrus) July 14, 2013
What are your thoughts? @BarackObama We're allowed to disregard 911 operators, pursue and kill ppl now? But send lauryn hill to jail 4 TAXES — Nicki Minaj (@NICKIMINAJ) July 14, 2013
The Verdict is unacceptable. When a Child's Life is not Valuable to us as a Society we have an even Deeper problem. #Sad — BILL BELLAMY (@BILLBELLAMY) July 14, 2013
#ZIMMERMAN #NOTGUILTY!! GOD GOT A GREATER PUNISHMENT 4 THIS FUCK Boys THAN THE COURT SYSTEM!! #Staytuned… WE WILL LIVE 2 SEE HIM PAY!! — Busta Rhymes (@BustaRhymes) July 14, 2013
George Zimmerman is responsible for a death that could have been prevented. Following someone with a gun then killing them. — Michael Pena (@realmichaelpena) July 14, 2013
This is America waddya expect? The only thing you'ren't allowed to kill in an instant is a fetus. Hey Zim, find another hobby now that u won — Bill Maher (@billmaher) July 14, 2013
If u really believe racism isnt a massive problem, that the oppression of minorities is not a horrific and systemic issue. U R in denial. — Ellen Page (@EllenPage) July 14, 2013
No. My heart is with Sybrina Fulton, Rachel Jeantel, everyone who loved Trayvon and has been sent the message that their life didn't matter. — Lena Dunham (@lenadunham) July 14, 2013
George Zimmerman not guilty can u believe that. Wow — SHAQ (@SHAQ) July 14, 2013
#riptrayvonmartin Very sad. I just heard about the verdict. We need justice. — Lil' Kim (@LilKim) July 14, 2013
They will wind up in jail soon anyway when they try to get their memorabilia and Jersey's back. — Judd Apatow (@JuddApatow) July 14, 2013
Had a gun-toting Trayvon Martin stalked an unarmed George Zimmerman, and then shot them to death… DO I EVEN NEED TO COMPLETE THIS SENTENCE? — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) July 14, 2013
An armed vigilante decides a boy”looks suspicious”, so they hunt them down and shoots them in the heart #notguilty?? — mia farrow (@MiaFarrow) July 14, 2013
My heart hurts — John Legend (@johnlegend) July 14, 2013
Disgusted. — Martha Plimpton (@MarthaPlimpton) July 14, 2013
It was amazing to see all those pro-life supporters at the Zimmerman trial standing up for Trayvon Martin, wasnt it? — Evan Rachel Wood (@evanrachelwood) July 14, 2013
Dear Son, I love you and there is no shame in running away from creepy ass crackers. #nojustice — Tom Arnold (@TomArnold) July 14, 2013
This has to be a call to action. We must participate in the political process and demand the justice system we ALL deserve. — olivia wilde (@oliviawilde) July 14, 2013
This is not “only” about race. This is about laws that allow racist acts to go unpunished. We must change laws that promote injustice — Russell Simmons (@UncleRUSH) July 14, 2013
Florida injustice dept: I now understand why OJ moved to your state… #shocked my heart bleeds for the family of #trayvonmartin — Adam Shankman (@adammshankman) July 14, 2013
Dear George Zimmerman: may I suggest you use Gene Hackman's escape strategy from the end of THE BIRDCAGE? — Patton Oswalt (@pattonoswalt) July 14, 2013
the need for justice & civil liberties /rights for all Americans inspires US to reclaim rights so this tragedy cld have positive meaning — John Cusack (@johncusack) July 14, 2013
There's a pain deep in my soul.4 the loss of a child4 winning without compassion4 a nation confused. Pray 4 all.We are 1 thru peace n love — Forest Whitaker (@ForestWhitaker) July 14, 2013
Same sh#t … Different time … Same result …!!! — Nelly_Mo (@Nelly_Mo) July 14, 2013
All them jurors should go home tonight and kill themselves for letting a grown man get away with killing a kid — Roddy White (@roddywhiteTV) July 14, 2013
They gave Mike Vick jail time for killing DOGS!! WTF?! — OMAR EPPS (@omarepps) July 14, 2013
Bullshit! — Chris Brown (@chrisbrown) July 14, 2013
Plaxico got time for shooting himself! T.I got time for buying guns. Wayne got time for HAVING a gun. This is fucked up!! Racism! #TTLO — Rico Love (@IamRicoLove) July 14, 2013
I can't handle this. All that really matters are Trayvon's parents, and making sure nothing like this ever happens again. — Kat Dennings (@OfficialKat) July 14, 2013
Zimmerman found not guilty. This is unbelievable. — Sarah Colonna (@sarahcolonna) July 14, 2013
Not Guilty?! Micheal Vick goes to jail for torturing dogs and Zimmerman goes free for killing a young brother who looks like me? #NoWords — Dulé Hill (@DuleHill) July 14, 2013
Some of us, seeing the jury, were resigned to a verdict of “not guilty.” Still, it is shocking–shameful. Jurors condone the murder. — Joyce Carol Oates (@JoyceCarolOates) July 14, 2013
People think shit is sweet because white kids listen to hip hop and Twerk & all that.Shit is not sweet.#Trayvon — MichaelRapaport (@MichaelRapaport) July 14, 2013
My heart is truly broken. We dedicate this video to Trayvon Martin+his family. God Bless our children. @RevoltTV -> http://t.co/mm1fAC2HPz — Diddy (@iamdiddy) July 14, 2013
It's not about black and white or any other race..It's about the value of a black kid life being very low in America..With a black president — Meek Mill (@MeekMill) July 14, 2013
“@MMFlint: In FL, victim of dom violence gets 20 yrs in prison 4 firing WARNING shots in the AIR (yeah, she's black) http://t.co/7zGBuoalbf“ — Tom Morello (@tmorello) July 14, 2013
murder is legal in Florida — Matthew Modine (@MatthewModine) July 14, 2013
Sickened by today's verdict. Stand ur ground law is legalized murder. #IAmTrayvon — Adam McKay (@GhostPanther) July 14, 2013
It wasnt about seein this dude go down frying,its more about how amerikkka continues a pattern of ridding its masses systematically in 21stC — Chuck D (@MrChuckD) July 14, 2013
My heart is with trayvon martins family tonight,so my focus on them. No one else really matters — Whoopi Goldberg (@WhoopiGoldberg) July 14, 2013
If y'all do riot please grab me some Rick Owens sneakers and a Givenchy Nap sack. Thank u — marlon wayans (@MARLONLWAYANS) July 14, 2013
WoW!!! Prayers out to the Martin family… — Chris Paul (@CP3) July 14, 2013
Onwards is the only option. Upwards the only direction. Do not let failures of others crush your heart. Be brave. Be dauntless. Be unmoved. — Aisha Tyler (@aishatyler) July 14, 2013
God bless the Martin family, who deserve justice and peace. Love to them. #RipTrayvonMartin — Haylie Duff (@HaylieDuff) July 14, 2013
My heart goes out to Trayvon Martin's family & loved ones. Thought & prayers being sent their way #NoJustice — Kim Kardashian (@KimKardashian) July 14, 2013
Every African American in the United States needs to move their money, family, knowledge back to Africa… http://t.co/gYiO6y8zjB — AKON (@Akon) July 14, 2013
What do we stand for? How are we America, united… the beautiful? We should take a long look in the mirror, we need REAL change. — Katy Perry (@katyperry) July 14, 2013
May God be with the family of Trayvon Martin — Wyclef Jean (@wyclef) July 14, 2013
Prayers to the Martin family. #TrayvonMartin will forever live in the heart of @thefyfl!!!… http://t.co/IUqM5NFOlx — FLO RIDA (@official_flo) July 14, 2013
So the police tell you to do something you ignore them somebody ends up dead . Isn't that in itself a crime. — Chris Rock (@chrisrock) July 14, 2013
Sometimes it happens to Human Shit. (ZIMMERMAM). RT @kriscomedy: @MrHoratioSanz Good things DO happen to good people! — Horatio Sanz (@MrHoratioSanz) July 14, 2013
Thank you, Sarah, for running this challenge!
Jude's 10 Games 10 Times Challenge for 2015
Here is my list of 10 games plus 1 alternate game chosen for the 10 x 10 Hardcore Challenge:
HARDCORE CHALLENGE COMPLETED ON DECEMBER 16, 2015!
Here is my tentative list of games chosen for the 10 x 10 Normal Challenge:
ACTUAL Normal Challenge Games COMPLETED:Medici-- 10th game completed on April 5thElevenses for One --10th game completed on April 12thRoll Through the Ages --10th game completed on July 27thDragonheart --10th game completed on September 29thPergamon --10th game completed on September 30th.Yspahan --10th game completed on October 18thCrime Lords of Knight City --10th game completed on October 24thFearsome Floors --10th game completed on November 1stAt the Gates of Loyang --10th game completed on November 18thMyth --10th game completed on December 8th
Interstate 10
Traffic flows in both directions on Interstate 10 in Baton Rouge on Monday, January 27, 2014. (Photo by Brianna Paciorka, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune)
(Brianna Paciorka)
Louisiana voters rejected establishing an infrastructure bank that would have helped speed up local projects by allowing local governments to borrow from the bank.
Proposed amendment four failed with 68 percent voting against the measure.
It was the only transportation funding measure on the ballot, and its failure goes against national trends. The American Road and Transportation Builders Association noted that 67 percent of transportation-related initiatives nationwide passed.
Transportation advocates in the state had pushed the amendment as a small step toward solving the backlog of road needs facing the states. However, they don't see the failure as a setback. They take it as a sign the public doesn't trust the state on this issue.
"I think [the proposed amendment] was misunderstood by the public. The general public didn't understand what we were trying to accomplish," said Louisiana Good Roads President Ken Perret.
Perret thinks the legislature will take up similar funding legislation again next session, but he's worried the shaky budget might create problems for those seeking funding for roads. Louisiana has a $12 billion backlog of projects.
Perret said transportation advocates will continue searching for was to fund projects because it's unlikely transportation will get any "new" money. They said the governor won't allow any new taxes, and people don't trust how the government is spending their highway tax money as it is.
"People in Louisiana has a mistrust of government. We're paying for the sins of the past where funds were not used properly," Perret said.
State Sen. Robert Adley, R-Benton, would argue some of it might not be used properly now. They have questions about the 20 percent of the highway trust fund that's being used outside of highway needs. They said too much state tax money is going to local projects and the Louisiana State Police.
Adley plans to file a number of bills that will provide more funding for roads. They said before the state asks the taxpayers for more money, the state needs to prove it will use the taxes the right way.
"It's imperative this next session we prove to the public that we'll use this money for highways," Adley said. "We have to prove we can utilize the money we have now."
* * * * * * *
Cole Avery is a legislative and state politics reporter based in Baton Rouge. You can reach them on Twitter @cole_avery1 or email ravery@nola.com.
Massimo Cellino says they will appeal against the Football League's decision to block them from buying a majority stake in Leeds United.
"I have to appeal," said the Italian. "I feel a responsibility to the fans who I am proud to say wanted me."
I am feeling embarrassed, ashamed and down Massimo Cellino
Cellino has been bankrolling the financially-stricken Yorkshire outfit.
They added that more investment was required immediately, telling BBC Sport that the club needed "help, blood and money" in "hours, not days".
The business person, who owns Italian club Cagliari, was found guilty in Italy last week of failing to pay import duty on a yacht.
That prompted the Football League to vote unanimously against them taking a controlling interest in Leeds, who are currently 13th in the Championship table after one win in seven games.
Cellino continues to insist they are not a dishonest man.
"I am feeling embarrassed, ashamed and down," they said.
Uncertainty remains at Elland Road
"It's not nice to say. I feel lost. I am not a crook. I didn't come to Leeds to do anything bad."
They added: "I cannot blame the League. The only thing that I can blame is that they have been just taking too much time to give an answer. If they give an answer after one month, two months ago, it would have been better for everyone."
They said they were not worried about the money they had already put into the club.
"I did everything with a good purpose because I think everything would be all right, like the movies with a beautiful ending," they said. "Now it's becoming a nightmare."
Eleonora Sports, the company headed by Cellino, had agreed to buy a 75% stake in Leeds from Gulf Finance House Capital in February.
It is understood that the Italian has since invested £6m in the loss-making club with a view to taking control at Elland Road.
Leeds said they were disappointed with the ruling but would continue discussions with both the Football League and Eleonora Sports.
Sleeping in over the weekend is one of life's great pleasures. Yet some of us are much better at it than others. A teenager is much more likely to emerge from their bed at midday than their middle-aged parents – but even within age groups, individual differences exist.
Why is this? It's well-known that teenagers tend to sleep later than mature adults, and we all have our natural rhythms. But we're not actually the slaves to our body clocks you might think. If you find getting out of bed on a Sunday hard even after a long night's sleep, there may be something you can do about it.
The body clock generates rhythms so that we are alert during the day while body temperature is high and sleep at night while body temperature is low. This clock has evolved to match the cycle of light and dark, and associated cycles of temperature, for example, created by the Earth's rotation. But what happens now that artificial light means that we are in control of this cycle?
Seeing the light
Back in the 1960s, Jurgen Aschoff and Rutger Wever studied sleep and body temperature rhythms in humans. They placed volunteers in windowless basements and underground bunkers with no access to the natural 24-hour light and dark cycle and no timepieces.
In most experiments, the lights were turned on continuously and volunteers had no control over the light-dark cycle (except by closing their eyes during sleep). But in some experiments, the volunteers could turn off the lights when they wanted to go to sleep and on again when they woke up. Those volunteers in control of the light-dark cycle found their sleep patterns and the rhythm of their core body temperature shifted to later in the day. And in more than 40% of these cases, sleep was no longer synchronised with their body temperature.
Hunter-gatherers who only have campfires as sources of artificial light go to sleep several hours after sunset and wake up around dawn. But while the light of a small fire won't influence our body clock, the artificial light we are exposed to in the evening can. Specifically, it prevents the synthesis of the sleep-facilitating hormone melatonin and suppresses sleepiness.
Shutterstock
When you stay up well past sunset and then have to go to work the next morning, you wake up because of the alarm clock not because your body is ready. But it's not the alarm clock's fault that you're not getting enough sleep. In a way we place ourselves in an Aschoff-Wever bunker every evening. Why turn off the lights and go to bed when you are not sleepy? You'd rather continue to work, socialise or relax.
As a result, your body clock is driven out of synch with the natural light-dark cycle. At the weekend, you may go to sleep at the same time or even later, and then sleep until you have paid-off your sleep debt and your body clock finally tells you that it is time to wake up.
This difference in sleep timing between the working week and the weekend has been referred to as social jet lag. It is often implied that it is our early work schedules or early school times or our body clocks that are causing the problems, but that doesn't follow from the example above. Our ability to disrupt our body clocks with powerful artificial light is at least partly to blame.
Catching up
The difference between sleep duration during the week and the weekend are greatest in adolescents and young adults and then declines steadily as we get older. This is partly because our need for sleep actually declines with age. Teenagers may need nine hours or more but this falls to seven or eight by the time you reach your fifties. So even when a teenager and middle-aged person have similar work and sleep schedules during the week, the accumulated sleep debt and difference between week and weekend sleep will be greater in the adolescent.
Yet within a group of adults of similar ages, some will sleep later and longer during the weekend than others. Without the confounding effects of artificial light, some of us have naturally fast body clocks that effectively run for less than 24 hours, and many of us have slow clocks that run for more than 24 hours. Those with a slow clock, delay sleep more during the week and then sleep longer during the weekend.
There are also other individual differences that can contribute to the variation in weekend sleep habits. Some of us are more sensitive to evening light than others, meaning our melatonin is more suppressed. This can lead to later bedtimes, a greater sleep debt, a later clock and ultimately later and longer sleeps over the weekend.
By taking a biological perspective on the regulation of sleep timing and recognising how we have divorced ourselves from the natural world and influence our biology in unwanted ways by behavioural choices, we may understand individual differences in weekend sleep habits. So don't just blame your alarm clock. By making more time for sleep during the week, reducing excessive light exposure in the evening and by making sure you see some light in the morning, you may reduce your social jet lag and wake up feeling more refreshed.
Bill Murray, who starred in Ivan Reitman's original 1984 Ghostbusters film, has spoken out in support of Sony Pictures' forthcoming female-led reboot of the franchise. Bridesmaids director Paul Feig is set to direct the planned reboot.
When asked how they felt about the new film, Murray told the Toronto Star: "I'm fine with it. I would go to that movie, and they'd probably have better outfits too".
Asked who their dream cast would consist of, the actor immediately named Melissa McCarthy, their co-star in the comedy drama St Vincent, which recently premiered at the Toronto Film Festival, and Kristen Wiig: "Melissa would be a spectacular Ghostbuster. And Kristen Wiig is so funny".
The actor then added "I like this girl Linda Cardinelli a lot. And Emma Stone is funny. There are some funny girls out there".
While Murray's comments may have just been idle speculation, several observers have noted that their suggestions are perfectly feasible, as three of the actores Murray named have worked with director Feig before. McCarthy and Wiig both starred in Feig's hit 2011 comedy Bridesmaids, while the name "Cardinelli" appears to be either a misprint from the Toronto Star, or a mistake from Murray.
Murray was in fact referring to Linda Cardellini, who played Lindsay Weir in Feig's TV series Freaks & Geeks, which ended its run in 2000.
The fact that Cardellini is a relatively unknown actor compared to the other three names has led to rumours that Murray may have some insider knowledge about the forthcoming film.
Bill Murray's dream Ghostbusters cast
Melissa McCarthy
Melissa McCarthy is known for their talent for physical comedy. As well as their turn in Paul Feig's Bridesmaids, the actor also starred alongside Sandra Bullock in buddy cop comedy The Heat, and, more recently, played the lead in the 2014 film Tammy, which they also co-wrote.
Melissa McCarthy in Tammy
Kristen Wiig
As well as starring in Paul Feig's Bridesmaids, which they co-wrote and produced, Wiig also played the lead in the 2012 black comedy Girl Most Likely, and starred alongside Ben Stiller in The Secret Life of Walter Mitty.
Kristen Wiig in Bridesmaids
Emma Stone
25-year-old Emma Stone is known for playing Gwen Stacey in The Amazing Spider-Man series, and starring in high-profile films such as The Help and Crazy, Stupid Love. She's also no stranger to comedy parts: the actor made their feature film debut in the 2007 comedy Superbad, and received a Golden Globe nomination for their role in the 2010 teen comedy Easy A. Them most recent role was as a fake clairvoyant, Sophie, in Woody Allen's Magic in the Moonlight.
Emma Stone in Crazy, Stupid Love
Linda Cardellini
Linda Cardellini is best known for their television roles which have included playing Lindsay Weir on Paul Feig's Freaks and Geeks, and Samantha Taggart on ER. More recently, the 39-year-old actor can be seen on the Zooey Deschanel sitcom New Girl, in which they have a recurring role playing Deschanel's on-screen sister, Abby.
Linda Cardellini in Freaks and Geeks
– 100 funny jokes by 100 comedians
Rio 2016: Games shown in Kenyan refugee camp so population can support Refugee Olympic Team
Updated
The Olympics Games are being broadcast live in one of the largest refugee camps in the world to give residents the opportunity to cheer on the Refugee Olympic Team.
Olympics organisers, in collaboration with non-profit organisation FilmAid and Amnesty International, have set up ongoing screenings in the Kakuma refugee camp in northeast Kenya for the almost 200,000 people living there.
Half the team's 10 athletes have passed through the Kakuma camp or were living there at their time of selection.
According to Olympics.org, the Games will be broadcast in the camp across the full 16 days of competition, giving the residents an opportunity to "share the emotions of the 10,500 athletes who will compete in Rio".
FilmAid's managing director Keefe Murren said the Refugee Olympic Team project would give refugees the much-needed opportunity to "contribute to the rest of the world".
"We applaud the IOC for giving refugee athletes a chance to compete, for calling attention to the refugee crisis and for recognising the need to support communities of displaced people around the world," Mr Murren said in a statement.
Half of Refugee Olympic Team, flag bearer from Kakuma
The five Kakuma athletes are all competing in track and field, including flag bearer Rose Nathike Lokonyen who fled to Kenya from South Sudan when they were 10, according to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR).
The Tegla Loroupe Foundation organised trials in the camp, and the five were picked to compete alongside refugee athletes from Syria, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) and Ethiopia.
FilmAid was founded by filmmakers in 1999 in response to the Kosovo war, with the stated aim of providing refugees with "information about their rights, safety, health and well-being", through "film, radio and journalism created by refugees".
Topics: refugees, sport, olympics-summer, kenya, brazil
First posted
Sanders Details Tax Plan
WASHINGTON, July 10 – Skeptical of a bid to overhaul the tax code by corporate-friendly congressional tax writers, Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) today laid out specific proposals to raise revenue by closing loopholes that let multi-national corporations and oil companies avoid hundreds of billions of dollars in taxes.
Sen. Max Baucus, D-Mont., and Rep. Dave Camp, R-Mich., chairpeople of the Senate Finance Committee and the House Ways and Means Committee, this summer launched a nationwide tour to hear what corporations want in a revamped tax code. Instead, Sanders said, the tax code should be reformed to address the needs of the middle class and working families, reduce deficits and make profitable corporations and the wealthiest Americans pay their fair share.
“I agree that our current tax code is too complex and must be simplified,” Sanders said. “But at a time when the American population is aging and investments in our crumbling infrastructure are desperately needed, we must not provide more tax breaks to profitable corporations and wealthiest Americans who already are doing phenomenally well and in some cases pay nothing in federal income taxes,” added Sanders, a member of the Senate Budget Committee and Joint Economic Committee.
Sanders' specific proposals would:
Stop large corporations from stashing their profits in the Cayman Islands and other offshore tax havens to avoid paying U.S. taxes. Legislation already introduced by Sanders would raise more than $590 billion over the next decade.
Establish a Wall Street speculation fee to ensure that large financial institutions pay their fair share in taxes. A speculation fee of 0.03 percent on the sale of credit default swaps, derivatives, options, futures, and large amounts of stock would reduce gambling on Wall Street, encourage the financial sector to invest in the productive economy, and reduce the deficit by $352 billion over 10 years.
End tax breaks and subsidies for big oil, gas and coal companies to reduce the deficit by more than $113 billion over the next 10 years. The five largest oil companies in the United States have made more than $1 trillion in profits over the past decade. Exxon Mobil is now the most profitable corporation in the world. Large, profitable fossil fuel companies do not need a tax break.
Tax capital gains and dividends the same as work. Taxing capital gains and dividends the same way that we tax work would raise more than $500 billion over the next decade. The top marginal income tax for working is 39.6 percent, but the top tax rate on corporate dividends and capital gains is only 20.
Enacting all of these proposals would raise more than $1.5 trillion in new revenue over the next decade.
After a British soldier wearing a Help for Heroes charity T-shirt was run over, stabbed and slashed with machetes and a meat cleaver, and beheaded, the Tory government advised its soldiers that it is probably best not to appear in uniform on the streets of their capital.
Both murderers were wounded by police. One was photographed and recorded. Their message:
"There are many, many (verses) throughout the Quran that says we must fight them as they fight us. An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth. I apologize that women had to witness this today, but in our land women have to see the same. Your people will never be safe."
According to ITV, one murderer, hands dripping blood, ranted, "We swear by almighty Allah we will never stop fighting you."
Both killers are Muslim converts of African descent, and both are British born.
Wednesday also, Stockholm and its suburbs ended a fourth night of riots, vandalism and arson by immigrant mobs protesting the police shooting of a machete-wielding 69-year-old.
"We have institutional racism," says Rami Al-khamisi, founder of a group for "social change."
Sweden, racist?
Among advanced nations, Sweden ranks fourth in the number of asylum seekers it has admitted and second relative to its population.
Are the Swedes really the problem in Sweden?
The same day these stories ran, The Washington Post carried a front-page photo of Ibrahim Todashev, martial arts professional and friend of Tamerlan Tsarnaev, who, with brother Dzhokhar, set off the bombs at the Boston Marathon massacre.
Todashev, another Chechen, had been shot to death by FBI agents, reportedly after they confessed to their and Tamerlan's role in a triple murder in Waltham, Mass.
Though Tamerlan had been radicalized and Moscow had made inquiries about him, they had escaped the notice of U.S. authorities. Even after they returned to the Caucasus for six months, sought to contact extremists, then returned to the U.S.A., Tamerlan still was not on Homeland Security's radar.
Their father, granted political asylum, went back to the same region they had fled in fear. Their mother had been arrested for shoplifting. Yet none of this caused U.S. officials to pick up Tamerlan, a welfare freeloader, and throw the lot of them out of the country.
One wonders if the West is going to wake up to the new world we have entered, or adhere to immigration policies dating to a liberal era long since dead.
It was in 1965, halcyon hour of the Great Society, that Ted Kennedy led Congress into abolishing a policy that had restricted immigration for 40 years, while we absorbed and Americanized the millions who had come over between 1890 and 1920.
The "national origins" feature of that 1924 law mandated that ships arriving at U.S. ports carry immigrants from countries that had provided our immigrants in the past. We liked who we were.
Immigration policy was written to reinforce the Western orientation and roots of America, 90 percent of whose population could by 1960 trace its ancestry to the Old Continent.
But since 1965, immigration policy has been run by people who detest that America and wanted a new nation that looked less like Europe and more like a continental replica of the U.N. General Assembly.
They wanted to end America's history as the largest and greatest of Western nations and make them a nation of nations, a new society and a new people, more racially, ethnically, religiously and culturally diverse than any nation on the face of the earth.
Behind this vision lies an ideology, an idée fixe, that America is not a normal nation of blood and soil, history and heroes, but a nation erected upon an idea, the idea that anyone and everyone who comes here, raises their hand, and swears allegiance to the Declaration of Independence and Bill of Rights becomes, de facto, not just a legal citizen but an American.
But that is no more true than to say that someone who arrives in Paris from Africa or the Middle East and raises their hand to declare allegiance to the Rights of Man thereby becomes a Frenchman.
What is the peril into which America and the West are drifting?
Ties of race, religion, ethnicity and culture are the prevailing winds among humankind and are tearing apart countries and continents. And as we bring in people from all over the world, they are not leaving all of their old allegiances and animosities behind.
Many carry them, if at times dormant, within their hearts.
And if we bring into America—afflicted by their polarized politics, hateful rhetoric and culture warsrs—peoples on all sides of every conflict roiling humankind, how do we think this experiment is going to end?
The immigration bill moving through the Senate, with an amnesty for 11 to 12 million illegals already here, and millions of their relatives back home, may write an end to more than just the Republican Party.
Patrick J. Buchanan needs no introduction to VDARE.COM readers; their books State of Emergency: The Third World Invasion and Conquest of America, and Suicide of a Superpower: Will America Survive to 2025? are available from Amazon.com
About
Introducing Fohawx!
To show our appreciation to our backers we are offering an EARLY BIRD REWARD !
Get 1 LIMITED EDITION FOHAWX DRAWSTRING BACKPACK with EVERY purchase of a FOHAWX helmet accessory! We will make this extra reward available to all backers until midnight Sunday January 27 (EST).
TO OUR EARLIEST BIRDERS who have already backed a FOHAWX, you will also be receiving a FOHAWX drawstring backpack.
OUR CAMPAIGN GOAL = to manufacture our complete product line.
We are working with factories that have our prototypes, and samples approved. We just need the funds to finish tooling, and making the die-cuts and start manufacturing our outstanding styles. With help from Kickstarter, we can finally create the full Fohawx product line for active kids to enjoy all over the world.
Our Story
It all began with a family bike ride. My seven-year old son, Alex, refused to wear their bike helmet, because, well, they didn't think it was cool. My daughter, Maya, then 9, who has a flair for fashion design and is never far away from a pair of scissors, quickly cut up some paper and glued it down the center of Alex's helmet. The look was inspired-both funky and hip-and Alex, much to my amazement, happily wore their helmet. Problem solved and the inspiration for a product was born.
Influenced by our kids and our kid's friends, Kelly and I created a line of helmet accessories that can easily attach to any kind of safety helmet - instantly transforming mandatory headgear into a fashion statement.
We spent over a year developing the product; perfecting the design, researching manufacturing plants, and filing trademarks and patents. We did a ton of research, created a business plan, and enlisted our friends and business associates to mentor us, and be part of our board of advisors. Even before hitting the market in March 2011, we won the Institute for Entreprenuerial Leadership annual business competition, and that same April we won the National Association for Women Business Owners annual business competition.
August 2102. Fohawx packaged and ready to ship!
The reaction from people who have seen and worn Fohawx has been unanimously enthusiastic. Kids love Fohawx because they can personalize their style. Parents love Fohawx because kids are more motivated to wear their helmets. The simple design, allows kids to easily swap styles. Fohawx are fully interchangeable: users can remove them with one quick pull.
Fohawx are made of lightweight pliable, water resistant foam, perfect for the snow. Each Fohawx comes with a self adhesive Velcro strip so you can attach it or reattach it to any type of helmet.
Where are we now?
We went into production in late spring 2012, and we had enough money to make die-cuts and minimum order quantities of the 3 of our 5 styles. We wanted to see the public's response and test the market. We got great feedback which was the proof that we needed, but we were short of funds to manufacture all 5 styles. Designs were conceived, prototypes made, and samples approved. We just need to go into production.
Fohawx in action!
Where are we going?
Our goal is for Fohawx to be the premier line of helmet accessories sold next to helmets in every mass market retailer. We are super confident that Fohawx provides a solution for both kids and caregivers alike. Kids can show off their style and attitude while helmets are doing the important job of keeping them safe.
Ultimately we see Fohawx as a lifestyle brand. Kids want to be outdoors, adventurous and active and we want to support that by making sure that they are safe and stylish while they are doing it.
So if our story has resonated with you and you want to help us bring our vision to life and make the full Fohawx product line a reality then please consider joining our campaign. You can help us out by sharing this page with friends, joining us on facebook and following us on Twitter. Thanks for your support!
On the slopes
With Fohawx safety never looked so cool!
The 36th annual “Taste of Polonia” festival will be held Sept. 2 to 5 at the Copernicus Center, 5216 W. Lawrence Ave.
The main stage entertainment will be the Chicago tribute band CTA, Gentlemen of Leisure, Catfight, Breakfast Club, Abba Salute, Jak Tripper, Lounge Puppets, Libido Funk Circus, Lance Lipinsky and the Lovers, and Bandoleros.
The event also will feature a casino from 2 to 10 p.m. Saturday, Sunday and Monday, a craft beer tent, 10 Polish food vendors, a bouncy house village, carnival rides and games, a climbing wall, face painting, martial arts demonstrations and a kids' stage, which will include demonstrations by Gen-Ki Martial Arts and ABC Dance Academy. Mary Macaroni will perform a children's show on Saturday and Monday afternoons.
In addition, a Mass will be held from 11 a.m. to noon Sunday in the center's theater, and the Northwest Chicago Historical Society will have a display on the area's history inside the center's annex.
Hours are 5 to 10 p.m. Friday, Sept. 2, noon to 10 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, Sept. 3 and 4, and noon to 9:30 p.m. Monday, Sept. 5. Free parking and shuttles to and from the festival are available at the Irish-American Heritage Center, 4626 N. 4626 N. Knox Ave.
Tickets for the festival are available at www.TOPchicago.org
The faces and forms of oppression are many, but nearly all of them flow from injustice, the treatment of people otherwise than they deserve. It's hard to say what exactly any one person deserves, of course, but in the modern world we tend to think that desert is somehow related to what people can control. The colour of your skin is not up to you, for example, so treating you badly on its basis is oppressive. The treatment in question doesn't have to be explicit: a society that marginalises homosexuals might not be as oppressive as one that imprisons them, but it is oppressive nonetheless. Sexuality and race are fairly obvious fault lines for oppression, as are class and gender. But if oppression is treating people otherwise than they deserve, there's another category that tends to slip under our radar, namely the oppression of the ugly.
We don't choose the configuration of our facial features any more than we choose our skin colour, yet people discriminate based on looks all the time. As the psychologist Comila Shahani-Denning put it, summarising research on the topic in Hofstra Horizons in 2003: ‘Attractiveness biases have been demonstrated in such different areas as teacher judgments of students, voter preferences for political candidates and jury judgments in simulated trials … attractiveness also influences interviewers' judgments of job applicants.' From the toddler gazing up at the adult to the adult gazing down at the toddler, we ruthlessly privilege the beautiful. The ugly get screwed.
The ancient Greeks had no problem with this. As the 19th-century Swiss historian Jacob Burckhardt remarked: ‘Not only were the Greeks most strongly affected by beauty, but they universally and frankly expressed their conviction of its value.' At one point in Homer's Iliad, a rabble-rousing commoner named Thersites challenges Agamemnon's authority and is quickly clobbered by Odysseus, whose disdain for the upstart is utterly uncompromising: ‘Out of all those who came beneath Ilion there is no worse man than you are.' What is telling is that Homer's own description of Thersites basically substitutes ‘ugliest' for ‘worst':
This was the ugliest man who came beneath Ilion. They were bandy-legged and went lame of one foot, with shoulders stooped and drawn together over their chest, and above this their skull went up to a point with the wool grown sparsely upon it.
The equation of ‘ugliest' with ‘worst' isn't just Homer's idiosyncrasy. The Greek word for ‘beautiful', kalos, also means ‘noble', while the word for ‘ugly', aischros, means ‘shameful'. To quote Burckhardt again, in ancient Greece, ‘the link between beauty and spiritual nobility was a matter of the firmest belief'.
The Greeks venerated the beautiful explicitly, memorialising good-looking athletes in statue form as quasi-deities, making celebrities out of adolescent pretty boys, and even going so far as to occasionally spare the lives of opposing soldiers on account of their beauty. But a culture where beauty is worshipped is also a culture where the ugly are oppressed. Burckhardt recounts the tale of ‘the Spartan child, later the wife of Demaratus, who because of their ugliness was daily carried to the temple of Helen at Therapne; there the nurse stood before the statue of the most beautiful of women and implored that the ugliness might be taken away'.
Our own culture appears to be no less afraid of ugliness than Greek culture, even if surgical rather than divine intervention is now the order of the day. Parents still want their children to avoid ugliness, and many are willing to lend a helping hand: rare is the gift of rhinoplasty, implants or liposuction, but an investment in some form of cosmetic dentistry, such as braces, is now routine. Wonky teeth mean an ugly smile, and an ugly smile is going to cost you on the many marketplaces of life. Of course, people will say that braces are for health, not looks, but to the child suffering through the process the real reason is perfectly clear – braces are our culture's version of foot-binding.
The Greeks wouldn't have been embarrassed to admit the truth about braces. Aristotle just flat out says that you can't be happy unless your children are happy, and that no one can be truly happy without being good-looking. They didn't mean that ugly people could never feel happy; they aren't talking about subjective or interior feelings (or at least not in the first instance) but about something more objective. Think of it like this: the first point leads to the second. We all want our kids to grow up happy. Which circumstances and qualities would be most choiceworthy for them, supposing you could pick on their behalf? Would you rather they were beautiful or ugly, for instance? Beautiful, obviously. Ergo beauty is one component of the most choiceworthy life, while ugliness is ‘like a stain on happiness'. The logic still holds today, but somehow it's hard for us to own it.
Why do we care so much about the ‘obesity epidemic'? Obviously, excessive weight is bad for the health and therefore for the public purse, and this is the reason that tends to get passed around. But speaking personally – and I hope this isn't too revealing of my own turpitude – I find it hard to believe that the movement to unburden the obese is not also driven by disgust. When you run into people of that type, you feel, I think – or I feel, I think – a kind of horror and even a kind of anger at them. It just seems wrong to be like that. It's hard to be honest about this because it seems so immoral, so let me turn to Twilight of the Idols (1889) by Friedrich Nietzsche, who was notably free of such hang-ups:
In physiological terms everything ugly weakens and saddens man. It reminds them of decay, danger, powerlessness: it actually makes them lose strength. You can measure the effect of ugly things with a dynamometer. Whenever man gets depressed, they sense something ‘ugly' is nearby. Their feeling of power, their will to power, their courage, their pride – all are diminished by ugliness and increased by beauty … Ugly things are understood as signs and symptoms of degenerescence … Any sign of exhaustion, of heaviness, … the whiff, the colour, the form of dissolution … all produce the same reaction, the value judgement ‘ugly'. A hatred springs up here: who is man hating here? But there is no doubt: the decline of their type.
What Nietzsche would probably say, then, is that the reason we're so concerned about obesity today is that we can't stand looking at the obese, and the reason we can't stand looking at the obese is because they're ugly and therefore give off ‘the whiff, the colour, the form of dissolution, of decomposition' – of the decline of our group, in other words.
the ugly sap our spirit and our energy, making us depressed about the future of our kind
For Nietzsche, the group in question wasn't so much the nation as the species. Whereas beautiful people make us inclined to deify the human race, to help our species ‘say yes to itself' in the form of statues and monuments, the ugly sap our spirit and our energy, making us depressed about the future of our kind. Is that taking it a bit far? Probably. But think of the dystopian scenes in the film WALL·E (2008), where the humans of the future are depicted as bloated porcine slobs, wheelchair-bound, unable to stand up without mechanical assistance, their jawbones reduced to mere hypotheses. Does such a nightmare really play no part in the politics of obesity?
Certainly we would rather that it didn't. For one thing, it seems a little proto-Nazi. But it's also just shallow and unkind, and we're ashamed to be shallow and unkind. To judge a book by its cover is to reveal ourselves as superficial. And to be superficial is to be ugly in some inner way.
Nietzsche associates this transformation of the concept of beauty from outer to inner with a revolution wrought by the weedy nerds of history, the priests and philosophers emblematised by Socrates. Socrates rejected the Greek assumption that physical beauty was necessary for happiness, claiming instead that reason would bring virtue and virtue would bring happiness. They were famously ugly yet they managed to make reason beautiful to the point where handsome young men would fall hopelessly in love with him, lamenting their own spiritual ugliness and begging for their attention like yapping puppies. Nietzsche had a cynical interpretation of all this: ‘with dialectics the rabble comes out on top'. What better way to get revenge against a culture that takes beauty to reflect nobility than to simply redefine beauty as an inner quality possessed only by intellectuals?
The Socratic move does leave intellectuals (or artists, or priests) in a privileged position. In that sense, it's still a little judgemental for contemporary tastes. We want to take the revolution a step further. We want to deny that anyone is ugly. Either it's that everyone is beautiful on the inside – we're all unique snowflakes – or it's that physical beauty is all relative anyway so who's to judge? In any case, it's remarkable just how difficult it is to get anyone to admit that a given person is ugly. People's looks do reflect their choices after a while – George Orwell said that ‘at 50, everyone has the face they deserves' – and that does make it hard to abstract physical beauty from everything else. But still.
Does this mean that our culture is less oppressive to the ugly than the Greeks were? The fact that we worry about revealing ourselves as shallow and unkind doesn't mean that we're not shallow and unkind. And to cover this up by pretending that ugliness doesn't exist is just to create a new regime of oppression. In a sense, the situation for the ugly is like the situation for black people in supposedly ‘post-racial' society: the very category by which oppression is structured is assumed out of existence.
Things might be even worse for the ugly, however, in the sense that ugliness has never even been taken seriously as a category for injustice. It's true that whatever ills come to the ugly don't even remotely compare to those that have been caused by racism. But that doesn't make them fictional. We can think about them in terms of opportunities, the chances one has to realise one's aspirations in the world. Suppose you want to become an astronaut or an actor or an acrobat. It's not just up to you: it depends on your talents as well as your desire.
beautiful people might be more likely to fall into adultery, for instance, simply because it stares them in the face so often
One's chances are reduced if one has fewer gifts, and good looks count as a gift. They're important for one's career prospects – beginning, research shows, in school – and it doesn't take a genius to see that they're important for one's relationship prospects as well. The beautiful simply have more options. Option sickness is a problem of its own, of course, and beauty can be a curse in that respect: beautiful people might be more likely to fall into adultery, for instance, simply because it stares them in the face so often. But all in all, most of us would find it hard not to want more chances in life's various lotteries – and the ugly, on balance, have fewer.
Is this oppression, though, or just bad luck? After all, it's not as if there are bylaws sending the ugly to the back of the bus. You might regret or even resent the fact that faster runners tend to win the 100 metres or that acrobats tend to be the ones with good balance, but it's hardly oppressive; in some contexts, to reward the gifted is to treat people as they deserve. Granted, the gift of looks is irrelevant to performance in a job such as web design, and in cases like this it should be illegal to factor in attractiveness when hiring. Such laws would be hard to enforce, of course – and not just because hiring decisions are often opaque. The reality is that there are a number of jobs where looks do help. Not just the obvious ones such as acting, modelling or waiting tables but probably also sales, management and even teaching – as long as customers, staff members or pupils remain responsive to looks, the ugly will have a harder time appealing to them.
What this shows are that the oppression of the ugly largely bypasses the realm of law and conscious decision. It operates instead at the level of mundane interactions, not laws or conscious decisions. What ugly people deserve is only the same respect as everyone else: to have their words listened to, their gestures noticed, their eyes looked into. What they receive, through no fault of their own, is not that.
Then again life isn't fair, as you may already have heard. Hardly anyone oppresses the ugly on purpose. However unfortunate it might be morally, the Greek attitude just comes naturally to us. We do sometimes discover that a person's outward beauty – the charm of their smile, for instance – belies an inner hollowness or corruption. But our initial thought is almost always that they seem a pleasant fellow. That we'd like to be in their company, listen to their words, look a little longer. For some beautiful people, of course, especially women, this magnetism can work both ways, pulling in one kind of attention while making another impossible. That's bad luck too.
The trouble is that we're evolved creatures with evolved dispositions. To imagine we could ever completely overcome this kind of natural inheritance, to think our lives could ever be exactly as we deserve, or even, for that matter, that we could ever be as we deserve, is a fantasy – a fantasy the Greeks, with their idea of Fate, were happily free of. But then our fantasies, like our faces, are not completely up to us. We just have to make the best of them.
EDITOR'S NOTE: Each week we cross-post an excerpt from Katrina vanden Heuvel's column at the WashingtonPost.com. Read the full text of Katrina's column here.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Given the party's recent losses, Democrats' latest attempts to compete at the federal level in traditionally red states may seem off base. In 2018, 10 Democratic senators are up for reelection in states where President Trump prevailed, while just one Republican incumbent is running in a state that Hillary Clinton carried. Yet despite the daunting landscape, some Democrats are setting their sights on races in Texas and, more unexpectedly, deep-red Alabama. Ad Policy
Unlike with previous bids to expand the electoral map, however, these Democrats are not relying on outside money or slickly produced ads. They are doing it with strong candidates who are running smart, locally driven campaigns.
The first opportunity for a Democratic pickup will come in December when Alabama voters head to the polls for a special election to fill the seat vacated by Attorney General Jeff Sessions. The race pits former US Attorney Doug Jones (D) against extreme right-wing candidate Roy Moore (R), a former judge with a history of espousing theocratic and bigoted views. Moore's victory in the Republican primary last month put the race on the national radar, but Democrats now have a chance to compete because of work that Jones and their supporters, including local activists affiliated with MoveOn.org, have been doing on the ground for months.
Read the full text of Katrina's column here.
Helena Hospital Opens "Smudging" Room For Native Americans
Saint Peter's Hospital in Helena Wednesday dedicated a new room where Native Americans can carry out a traditional healing practice called “smudging.”
A drum circle just outside Saint Peter's main entrance heralded the opening of the hospital's new “Culture Room”, a former office just off the hospital's main chapel, which can be used for “smudging”, a ceremony in which sacred plants such as sweet grass are burned to cleanse a person of negative energy.
Little Shell Tribal member Daniel Pocha said getting hospitals to allow smudging has always been hit and miss.
“The individual you ask might say yes, the next one might say, go out in the cold. So it is really great that this has come to fruition.”
Great, not only because the culture room is convenient, but also because it acknowledges the needs of patients who follow native spiritual traditions.
The room is decorated with murals depicting a waterfall, and a bald eagle carrying sage and sweetgrass.
Any patient can ask to use the culture room, for healing ceremonies, meeting with hospital staff, or quiet reflection.
The Milwaukee Bucks reportedly won't have it all their own way when Tony Snell hits restricted free agency in a couple of weeks.
While the Milwaukee Bucks await Greg Monroe‘s decision on their player option for next year before Thursday's deadline, they'll face even greater uncertainty over their other big name impending free agent this summer.
Although as a restricted free agent the Bucks will have the right to match offers on Tony Snell, it's impossible for them to know whether that will be something they can realistically afford to do until the market opens and Snell's agent's phone starts ringing.
Coming off the back of a strong season following their trade from the Chicago Bulls, and a very impressive playoff showing against the Toronto Raptors, it seemed likely that there'd be some interest in the 25-year-old.
Still, it's possible that Bucks fans and the organization itself may have underestimated just how much.
On a recent episode of their podcast over at the Vertical, Adrian Wojnarowski of Yahoo spoke with former NBA exec Bobby Marks about the free agent landscape, and Snell was one of the players noted for their intriguing situation.
As Wojnarowski explained:
“One more restricted free agent that I keep hearing teams talk about is Tony Snell in Milwaukee. You know, they got out from under in Chicago, had a productive year, and started to scratch the surface, I think, of their potential with the Bucks this year. I think they shot over 40 [percent] from three, and you saw them grow more comfortable in their system. Again, that's a position, that wing position and a player who can guard their position — as you know, Bobby, anybody who can consistently shoot the ball has value. I think it is not unreasonable based on conversations I've had around the league and in talking to some teams who may have some interest, I mean $11.5/$12.5 million. What teams realize they can do with Milwaukee is there comes a certain number when they have to go into the luxury tax to re-sign him. And it's unclear to doubtful that that organisation wants to pay luxury tax, so unless they move around some other guys, maybe Tony Snell is a guy you can pluck away. You always have to overpay a little bit in free agency, and maybe even a little bit more in restricted free agency, but for them to walk away with a four-year, $50 million offer sheet with a player option or something after year three, I think that's realistic for him.”
The Minnesota Timberwolves were previously rumored to have an interest in Snell, with a possible reunion with former Bulls coach Tom Thibodeau on the cards for the California native, but it may not end there.
A deal at $13 million would be toward the higher end of what the Bucks could realistically afford before getting dangerously close to the tax, particularly if they want to retain Monroe and add some other low-cost pieces to the back-end of their roster.
With Jabari Parker and Khris Middleton both missing considerable time last season, Snell became an important cog in the Bucks' starting lineup last year. If they were to lose Snell, it wouldn't be a simple process to find a capable and affordable replacement for next season.
The economic losses to the herders run into billions of shillings. The drought has also increased human-wildlife conflicts.
Tana River County had lost 15 per cent of its livestock, County National Drought Management Authority (NDMA) coordinator Abdi Mussa said.
In Kajiado County, up to 130,000 households and more than 600,000 cattle are at risk of starvation.
By NATION TEAM
More by this Author
Up to 3.4 million Kenyans are facing hunger as a result of prolonged drought, which has affected food production.
Millions of animals, both domestic and wild, are also suffering devastating effects of delayed rains.
The most affected are 19 counties, mostly at the Coast, northern Kenya and Rift Valley, where rains have been inadequate for six years.
In Kajiado County, up to 130,000 households and more than 600,000 cattle are at risk of starvation.
Tana River County had lost 15 per cent of its livestock, County National Drought Management Authority (NDMA) coordinator Abdi Mussa said.
ECONOMIC LOSSES
The economic losses to the herders run into billions of shillings. The drought has also increased human-wildlife conflicts.
In Kilifi, a survey by theNation indicated that most water sources have dried up, forcing residents to travel for long distances to get the commodity for domestic and livestock consumption.
Crop and livestock production has dropped, with the worst hit areas being Ganze, Magarini and Kaloleni sub-counties.
County Agriculture Chief Officer Baha Nguma said the drought had affected more than 200,000 people.
Mr Nguma said Magarini, Ganze, Malindi and some parts of Kaloleni had recorded high numbers of people going without food, and that most of them lost their livestock last year.
INTERVENTION
“These areas need intervention because soon, the situation will get worse,” they said.
Ganze MP Teddy Mwambire said more than 18,000 people in the constituency are facing hunger.
“Last season, farmers did not harvest and the same is happening now because of less rainfall. This has caused anxiety among locals,” said the MP.
Mr Katana Chengo, a resident at Petanguo, said many residents were running out of alternative sources of food and income.
“We usually depend on charcoal burning but there are no more trees. The place is quickly turning into a desert,” they said.
DROPPED OUT
Mr Katana said the relief food they get from both the national and county government is little.
Many pupils have dropped out of school as they join parents in search of food, water and pasture.
Dodosa Primary deputy headteacher Alex Jambo said school attendance had dropped by more than 20 per cent.
Carcass of a cow in Isiolo County following prolonged drought. Over 3 million of Kenyans and thousands of livestock are on the brink of starvation due to prolonged drought. PHOTO | VIVIAN JEBET | NATION MEDIA GROUP
They added: “We have more than 400 pupils but many have not been coming to school. As you can see in this classroom, there are supposed to be more than 40 pupils but only a few are here.”
Mr Charo Mashe Nyanje, 58, said they cycle for two-and-a-half hours daily to Kwa Topo reservoir to fetch water.
INADEQUATE RAINS
Mr Hamisi Charo, a herder from Dingiria, said they take their 50 head of cattle to Giriama Ranch twice a week and is charged Sh400 by a water vendor.
“Last year, I lost 60 animals due to drought,” Mr Charo said.
A farmer from Bandari, Mr Emmanuel Safari, said the area has suffered inadequate rains for the last six years.
Mr Safari is counting losses after their three-and-a-half-acre maize farm withered.
“I haven't harvested anything yet the last time I received two kilogrammes of relief maize from the government was in July,” said Mr Safari.
WATER
Kilifi Executive for Water Kiringi Mwachitu said the county government has been trucking water to the worst affected areas.
The devolved unit had also drilled boreholes. The national government is also building a mega water dam at Jila.
The county government has also initiated irrigation schemes including Zia Ra Wari, Gandini, Dagamra, Kwa Ndezi, Burangi, Uhai Marikano, Mongotini, Kavunyalalo, Mangudho scheme in Sokoke ward and Mdachi.
The schemes are aimed at reducing reliance on rain fed agriculture.
In Tana River, a fall armyworm infestation has reduced yields in irrigation schemes.
INCREASED CONFLICTS
The pests also attacked pastures and other vegetation.
As a result, conflicts between herders and farmers, especially in Kipini, have increased, said County Commissioner Oningoi ole Sossio.
A Turkana woman carries hides skinned from goats they have lost to a biting drought that has ravaged livestock population in nothern Kenya near Lokitaung in Turkana county on March 20, 2017. PHOTO | TONY KARUMBA | AFP
They said police were pursuing four suspects who slashed cattle belonging to pastoralists and the owner of the cattle, who destroyed farmers' crops.
County NDMA coordinator Abdi Mussa said some 15 per cent of livestock had died due to drought.
Many residents, they added, had migrated to other counties in search of food, water and pasture.
MALNUTRITION
“About 40 per cent of the community is in need of food. What we receive is barely enough for them. We are only hoping that the coming short rains will help salvage the people from the situation,” they said.
NDMA has distributed 6,000 bags of grain pellets for livestock to three Tana River sub-counties.
Mr Mussa said the situation was worsening due to lack of rains, with children under five years suffering from malnutrition.
Livestock prices at the local markets have dropped by 50 per cent.
WORM INVASION
In Kwale, NDMA coordinator Roman Shera said though the county was experiencing rains, armyworms were threatening food security.
They noted that farmers recorded low yields in the last season due to the armyworm invasion.
They said the national and county governments were cushioning 35,000 households in the county with Sh2,300 a month for the next three months through the Chakula Kwa Jamii programme.
In Lamu, food shortage has been occasioned by displacement of people from their farms due to Al-Shabaab attacks.
DISPLACEMENTS
Some 2,500 people are living in camps. The displacement has left the farms unattended to, leading to destruction of crops by wild animals.
In Taita-Taveta, food prices have skyrocketed.
NDMA said major water sources in the county such as Mwatate Dam had dried up.
NDMA's Michael Kimithi said some 10,325 households had been enrolled under Chakula Kwa Jamii programme and the first batch of disbursement of Sh2,327 per registered household had been released.
WILMINGTON (CBS) — Forward Zachary Senyshyn had 26 goals and 45 points skating for Sault Ste. Marie in the Ontario Hockey League last season.
He's widely expected to exceed those numbers this season with an expanded role for a solid team as an 18-year-old.
On Thursday they aren't able to run three 300-meter sprints in less than a minute with limited rest time in between the off-ice testing on the opening day of Bruins rookie camp at Ristuccia Arena. This shouldn't cause anyone to write them off as a failure three months after the Bruins drafted them 15th overall in the first round.
The Bruins' other two first-round picks, defenseman Jakub Zboril and forward Jake DeBrusk, also failed to successfully complete the run, which was done off-site and on artificial turf because of precipitation. After general manager Don Sweeney revealed that some players had failed the testing and the trio of players admitted their guilt, social media went crazy. The Bruins, especially Sweeney, were ridiculed. Of course, social media has never been a bastion of perspective. Sweeney, for one, wasn't overreacting about their prized prospects shortcomings one day before leaving for Buffalo and a rookie tournament against the Sabres and New Jersey Devils.
“There's still an educational process. These are young kids and understanding they're now being evaluated as pros. And they have to compare themselves against the pros and established guys. And you'll realize that there's some work to be done and that'll be pointed out. Really it's about going forward for each and every one of them. Some guys will be returning to junior teams that will have the expectation next year that they have to pass. We expect them to pass. They'll have to do some work as a result of it if they don't. But it's still an educational process, as far as personal growth.”
Although it's disappointing that after being given guidance at development camp in July about how to train passing this test, the Bruins most recent high-profile picks didn't execute. Remember that these three players are not out of shape; they didn't arrive in Wilmington unable to fit through the door or smoking Marlboros. At least two of the three said they improved their times from development camp to rookie camp, and all three spent a significant amount of time training on and off the ice. That they weren't able to complete Bruins strength and conditioning coach John Whitesides test was more a sign that all three have to learn to follow directions better than they have to be in a lot better shape.
We'll find out more about these players when they get into game action over the weekend. All three sounded eager to put this whole affair in the past and prove that what they lack in speed off the ice they make up for with their skills on the ice.
“We all have something to prove,” Senyshyn said. “And I don't think anything's a sure thing at all. And I think that everyone, whether you're a first-rounder or a seventh-rounder, you got to be able to show what you have to offer to be able to go to that main camp.”
Ultimately these draft picks will be judged on what they do between the boards. That starts in Buffalo.
Matt Kalman covers the Bruins for CBSBoston.com and also contributes to NHL.com and several other media outlets. Follow them on Twitter @TheBruinsBlog.
Would more stadiums like this solve income inequality?
Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images
New college grads may be facing dizzyingly high unemployment this commencement season, but MIT professor David Autor believes we still don't have enough of them. The famed economist is out with a new paper in the journal Science that aims to remind the world that while much of the inequality debate has focused on the rise of the top 1 percent, the biggest—and arguably most important—change in America's income distribution has been the widening gap between those with and without college degrees.
“We have too few college graduates,” Autor told the New York Times' David Leonhardt. If we had more, they argue, the income gap would shrink.
Helping more Americans graduate from college is a worthwhile goal (emphasis on the word graduate; too many already attend and drop out). Everybody deserves their personal shot at a healthy career and financial life, and higher education is often the best path to those goals. But flooding the job market with graduates, as Autor seems to advocate, has always struck me as an odd and maybe counterproductive approach to tackling inequality as a broad economic issue.
As Autor writes, the relative value of a college degree rose over the past several decades thanks to a handful of trends. First, wages of high school–educated men collapsed, as inflation ate away at the minimum wage, factory jobs disappeared, and unions went into decline. At the same time, the growth of America's college-educated population slowed down even as demand for graduates grew, thanks in part to the rise of high-tech industries and the digitization of the economy. As a result, wages jumped for bachelor's degree holders.
But recent research suggests that corporate America's hunger for brain power—or “cognitive skills,” as economists like to put it—began to decline around the time of the dot-com bust. College graduates aren't quite the hot commodities they were during the Reagan and Clinton years. Going to school is still, on average, a very good deal. But as Autor's own graphs show, wages have flat-lined for bachelor's degree holders, even as they've continued to climb for Americans with advanced degrees. And while the extent of underemployment among college graduates is often exaggerated, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York has found that a growing percentage of them are working in jobs that don't require their degree and pay less than $45,000 a year. Chances are, many of those underemployed B.A.'s and B.S.'s are taking career opportunities from less-educated workers who could desperately use a leg up in the economy.
To make a long story short, unless the overall job market is booming, simply churning out more college graduates risks making everybody a bit poorer.
Of course, there are counterarguments. For instance, even in jobs that don't traditionally require a bachelor's degree, employers tend to pay college-educated workers more generously, because they're more productive. A better-schooled workforce, therefore, might theoretically turn into a better-compensated workforce, since an infusion of college graduates would plump up wages in some traditionally low-pay industries. But that's a giant hypothetical that assumes companies have a limitless appetite to pay up for higher quality talent. And even if that were the case, it wouldn't necessarily close the gap between college-educated adults and high school diploma holders. In fact, it might make it worse, as career opportunities for high school grads dried up.
Some employers might also argue that the U.S. is suffering from a “skills gap” that is preventing them from hiring, and which more education would fix. The problem is that most of the industries making that claim tend to be middle-skill jobs that require an associate's degree. Moreover, the evidence behind their complaints is rather lacking.
It's also important to remember who would stand to lose the most if a surge of graduates did manage to bring down the college premium. Chances are, alums of elite schools wouldn't be particularly affected, since any substantial growth would likely come from mid- and lower-tier schools. Graduate degree holders, the real winners of the educational race of the past 30 years, also wouldn't be much affected. In the end, you're essentially talking about an approach to inequality that involves bringing solidly, if unspectacularly, middle-class households a little closer to the bottom, while pushing down the bottom even deeper.
The duo joins a Ripley and Newt two-pack of Aliens action figures also coming from NECA.
Over the years, NECA has received a lot of requests for re-releases of certain figures. And thanks to the ever increasing popularity of NECA's Aliens line, Hicks and Hudson are usually at the top of the list. Well, as part of a 30th anniversary celebration of the series, NECA is bringing them back in a 2-pack, with all their original accessories. So if you missed picking up these bad boys when they first came out, now's your chance to fix that gap in your collection!
Details on NECA's Hudson and Hicks Aliens Action Figures
How tall will these figures be?
Hicks and Hudson, or as we affectionately refer to them as here at Action Figure Fury (not really), will be towering at 7”.
What will the articulation be like?
NECA's site counted 30 points of articulation in these figures, so you can pose Hudson running away in terror in many different ways!
Let's talk about the sweet accessories!
NECA absolutely blew the competition out of the water with these face sculpts. They're authorized likenesses of the actors that played Hicks and Hudson, and the two pack comes with interchangeable heads for both characters! First, they come with a badass battle-cry helmeted combat sculpt, where the boys are looking real hardcore, and then they come with a head that expresses their true roles in the film: Hudson looks like he's about to pee their pants, and Hicks looks bewildered and somewhat disturbed. In addition to my personal favorite part, the interchangeable head sculpts, is ready to do battle with pulse rifles, motion detectors, shoulder lamps, welding torches, shotgun and shotgun carrier.
How much is this going to run me?
The figures are available for pre-order over on Entertainment Earth for $39.99. Which is absolutely worth it.
When Will the Figures Be Released?
These figures will be available in January 2017.
Photos of NECA's Hudson and Hicks Aliens Action Figures
The City of Seattle continues to refuse to disclose how much money it's making from the gun and ammunition tax.
"One can presume or suspect that the revenue is nowhere near what they projected," said Dave Workman of GUNMAG.com, who filed suit for the statistics.
The City passed legislation in 2015 to charge gun shops $25 for every gun sale and a nickel for every round of ammunition, projecting that it would raise up to $500,000 a year for gun violence prevention programs. It went into effect in January 2016.
Yet, as we near the 2nd quarter of 2017, the numbers have not been released.
"You're a public agency, a municipality. You're collecting taxes. The public has a right to know what you're collecting," said Workman.
They believe, as does Sergey Solyanik, that the city is embarrassed to reveal their projections are far below expectations.
Solyanik moved their Precise Shooter store to Lynnwood from Green Lake after the law went into effect. The Precise owner says they made the move because the tax cut into their already small margins.
Sign up for the daily 5 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the 5 Things to Know newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
"There was sales tax revenue, and they didn't get any revenue from the tax,” Solyanik said. “That's why they're not releasing the numbers. They're afraid this will come out and become public."
Solyanik added that he's sold more guns to Seattleites in 2016 outside the city limits than they did while they were in the city in 2015.
The city has blocked any attempt to get the revenue numbers. KING 5 tried repeated times to get revenue numbers.
“Consistent with the Public Records Act and the Seattle Municipal Code, the City will not release this tax information, even in the aggregate, while there are too few taxpayers or if there are other circumstances that would result in the disclosure of confidential tax information, such as a small number of taxpayers with a single taxpayer paying a large percentage of the aggregate figure,” Julie Moore, spokesperson for the Office of Finance, said in part in a reply. “With all returns received for 2016, this is the situation we are in.
“Tax return documents themselves are fully exempt from public disclosure. Additionally, taxpayer information is protected from disclosure per the Seattle Municipal Code, 5.55.200 ‘Public Disclosure– Confidentiality – Information sharing,' which complies with state law, including RCW 42.56.230 (Section 4), ‘Taxpayer information is exempt from public inspection.'”
One City Hall source suggested the numbers are not close to the original $500,000 projection.
Workman says they will keep trying to get the details.
"It's a story that we have to follow,” they said. “The city has to come clean with how much they're getting."
Copyright 2017 KING
Deep red states haven't voted for a Democrat in decades, but some Republicans' reluctance toward Trump could be an opening for Clinton campaign
Clinton in the final stretch: winning over anti-Trump contingent may be best play
Clinton in the final stretch: winning over anti-Trump contingent may be best play
Hillary Clinton's summer ends abruptly on Monday. For several weeks, the presidential frontrunner has toured the homes of America's rich and famous, hosted by Justin Timberlake, welcomed by Magic Johnson and serenaded by Jimmy Buffett, Jon Bon Jovi and Paul McCartney.
It all helped swell Democratic coffers by a record $143m in August, crucial ammunition for the 64 days of TV advertising left between now and the general election. It also allowed an exhausted campaign to recharge its batteries following months on the road and July's convention in Philadelphia.
But on Labor Day, Clinton swaps the beaches of Cape Cod and Long Island for the rust-belt towns of Ohio and Iowa, scenes of their bruising primary race against Bernie Sanders and home to a stubbornly loyal pockets of blue-collar support for Donald Trump.
Who will win the presidential election? No usual answers on Labor Day 2016 Read more
They won't be alone. Monday's events in Cleveland and the Quad Cities, industrial towns bordering Iowa and Illinois, will debut a new campaign plane, large enough to carry the traveling reporters who were hitherto consigned to tagging along behind.
Journalists have complained for months about a lack of access to Clinton, who has not held a conference for 276 days. Them campaign has accused the media of fixating on that daily tally and ignoring the interviews they give to select cable anchors or local news stations.
“This 257 days nonsense is ludicrous. When has it been the norm that a presidential candidate regularly does press conferences?” spokesperson Nick Merrill askedreporters on Thursday. They then promised one “soon”.
The new aircraft is nothing if not symbolic: it launches the start of an intense period of travel and scrutiny during the debates and rallies before election day on 8 November.
The plane also provides room for key Clinton aides to escape their headquarters in Brooklyn and gain important time with the boss. Them loyal gatekeeper Huma Abedin will likely stand guard, returning to the plane after a period of absence that aides insist has nothing to do with the very public break-up of their marriage to former member of congress Anthony Weiner.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Huma Abedin waits while Hillary Clinton greets supporters in Scranton, Pennsylvania, last month. Photograph: Mark Makela/Getty Images
Campaign manager Robby Mook and chairperson John Podesta have their own challenge: working out where to direct the plane. Some campaign destinations are obvious, such as the swing states of Ohio, Florida, New Hampshire, Nevada, Iowa and North Carolina. Some in rust-belt states such as Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Michigan are getting more attention this time thanks to Trump's appeal to the white working class. Colorado and Virginia look well out of their reach.
The bigger question is whether to take the battle into enemy territory. Trump has proved so unpopular among some Republican voters, minorities and women, that deep red territory is perhaps in play. States such as Arizona, Utah and Georgia, which haven't voted Democrat in decades, could be vulnerable in the winner-take-all electoral college system – and Clinton has superior fundraising and a vastly more organised network of campaign offices.
The Clinton-Trump presidential debates: who are the moderators? Read more
Them campaign is at least testing the waters. On Friday, Clinton began airing TV ads in Arizona, where Mitt Romney beat Barack Obama by nearly 10 points. Clinton's husband is the only Democrat to have won the state in a presidential election since 1952.
Them campaign is also spending money in Nebraska, one of two states that splits electoral college votes and therefore offers Clinton a chance to peel off electors from the relatively liberal city of Omaha. Even Utah, where Trump has riled conservative Mormons, has seen the Clinton campaign open a field office.
Whether these moves amount to a radical new strategy or clever feints to trick Trump is not clear. Some inside Clinton's Brooklyn headquarters are reportedly cheering that moves into Republican heartlands appear to have Trump spending time and money in places they ought to take for granted – for instance, by staging a major immigration speech in Arizona.
Yet the confidence could easily become complacency too. Clinton's healthy lead following the party's convention has eroded in recent weeks, slipping down to the low single digits in some key states. Not only are the headline polls too close for comfort, but Americans still stubbornly dislike Clinton and Trump by enormous margins. A record number of Americans now say they dislike Clinton, according to a Washington Post-ABC News poll that showed 41% of Americans have a favorable impression of her, while 56% have an unfavorable one.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Latino supporters of Hillary Clinton hold a sign saying ‘I'm with her' written in Spanish at a campaign rally in Miami in July. Photograph: Brooks Kraft/Getty Images
Though they enjoy a powerful coalition of support in Washington, particularly from the Obama administration, political surrogates cannot necessarily translate their shower their popularity on friends.
“This ain't over man. This is not over,” Joe Biden warned at a rally for Clinton in Cleveland on Thursday, where one supporter confessed they were actually planning to vote Trump but came along because they just liked the vice-president.
Where Hillary called home: Wellesley's 2020 class on its most famous alumnus Read more
The scepticism of many independent voters may also help explain the decision by Clinton's communications director Jennifer Palmieri to shield the candidate from the rough-and-tumble of open press conferences, where generally risks are high and rewards low.
Clinton's campaign has expressed frustration with the questions of trustworthiness, particularly over their private emails system that appear to reinforce a reputation of favoritism and privilege built up by the Clintons. Aides also complain that they do not get the recognition they deserve for developing many more new policy ideas than most candidates.
“People criticise me for having so many plans,” Clinton told a lukewarm audience of military veterans in Cincinnati on Wednesday. “People say, Oh there they go with another plan about mental health, or whatever,” they added. “But I have this old fashioned idea that if you are going to ask to be president if you have to have a plan.”
Yet the campaign is under no illusion about the nature of this year's fight. If hunkering down away from the press while outspending Trump – they have raised more money than the GDP of small Pacific nations – is what it takes to beat him, then so be it.
“This is not a normal election,” Clinton said at the American Legion convention in Cincinnati. “This election shouldn't be about ideology, it's not just about differences over policy. It's about who has the experience and temperament to serve as president and commander and chief.”
“The stakes this fall are as high as any election in our lifetimes.”
Key players
Huma Abedin, Clinton's right-hand woman and gatekeeper. Robby Mook, the campaign manager in charge of their election machine. John Podesta, family friend, campaign chairperson and former chief of staff to Bill Clinton. Jennifer Palmieri, former Obama communications director now fielding flak for Clinton. Neera Tanden, key figure in transition team preparing the clan for power.
Signature policies
The campaign slogan “stronger together” captures Clinton's broad belief in a more socially inclusive America, but the underlying policies range widely from a jobs program and infrastructure spending, to making college more affordable and tackling climate change. On trade and social security, they have moved to the left, rhetorically, at least.
Strongest points
Clinton's experience as secretary of state, senator and activist first lady make them one of the most qualified candidates to run for office. Supporters also point to their resilience in the face of setbacks, long track record of social activism and historic achievement as the first woman nominee of a major party.
Weakest points
The biggest handicap according to opinion polls is a perceived lack of trust among voters, something exacerbated by years of attacks on Clinton family “scandals” and an ongoing controversy over their private email server. Voters sometimes also talk about finding them inauthentic and lacking warmth.
Core supporters
African Americans, women, Latinos, college-educated men – in short, a vast swath of the increasingly diverse US electorate. Geographically, the strongest support for Democrats is heavily concentrated on the coasts however.
PASADENA, CA (December 1, 2016) – Parsons announced that it will sponsor the Pacific Aviation Museum Pearl Harbor's gala commemorating National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day and the 75th anniversary of the attack on Pearl Harbor. The event, titled “For Love of Country – Pass it On,” will take place on Saturday, December 3, 2016, inside the museum's historic World War II Hangar 79. The gala is part of a larger 11-day program and will also honor the museum's 10th anniversary. A Parsons board member, former board member, and numerous Parsons executives will attend the Honolulu-based event.
“I'd like to thank Parsons for supporting several Pacific Aviation Museum fundraising events over the years,” said Admiral R.J. “Zap” Zlatoper, USN (ret.), a former Parsons board member, Finance Chairman of the 75th Commemoration Committee, and Chairman of the Pacific Aviation Museum Board of Directors. “Pacific Aviation's mission is to develop and maintain an internationally recognized aviation museum on Ford Island that educates young and old alike, honors aviators and their support personnel who defended freedom in the Pacific Region, and preserves Pacific aviation history.”
This year, the committee put together a series of 52 events, receptions, memorials, keynote speakers, film screenings, concerts, live performances, and other activities to foster reflection, remembrance, and an understanding of the attack on Pearl Harbor as well as to honor the sacrifice and dedication of servicemen and women.
“Parsons currently has more than 1,000 employees who have served or are currently serving in the United States Armed Forces,” said James McGovern, Parsons Lead Independent Director and former Staff Director for the Senate Committee on Armed Services. “Parsons' participation in the 75th Commemoration reaffirms our support of these brave men and women, some of whom serve our customers in Hawaii.”
The Pacific Aviation Museum Pearl Harbor's commemoration gala is an annual fundraiser that helps support the museum's restoration and education programs. For more information, visit www.pacificaviationmuseum.org.
A new booklet The Myths of the Magdalene Laundries has been published by the American Catholic League.
Based on Martin McAleese's sanitised report into state involvement in the laundries, the booklet claims to examine “the origins of the many myths that have surfaced”.
Bill Donohue (above), president of the American Catholic League, says:
Virtually all the horror stories that have been told—nuns cruelly torturing and sexually abusing “fallen” women—are lies. Worse, Irish officials, such as the current prime minister, Enda Kenny, continue to misinform the public, even in the face of indisputable evidence. Media outlets, the BBC and the New York Times, in particular, refuse to discuss the McAleese Report, leaving the impression that the falsehoods told by Peter Mullan in their propaganda film, “The Magdalene Sisters” (top) offers an accurate picture of what happened.
Copies are available to the public for $5 per booklet.
$5 you say?
Will we flock.
Bill Donohue
Lies Of The Magdalene Laundries (CatholicLeague.org)
Via: PJ Coogan
Previously:
The Magdalene Report:A Conclusion
Result
Sister, Sister
Expand People vote during the U.S. presidential election in Los Angeles, California on November 6, 2012. © 2012 Reuters
(Los Angeles) – California voters' failure to abolish the death penalty perpetuates a barbaric practice and places the state out of step with national trends, Human Rights Watch said today. Had it passed on November 6, 2012, Proposition 34, the SAFE (Savings, Accountability, and Full Enforcement for) California Act, would have closed down the nation's largest death row.
“California was poised to become the sixth state in five years to abolish the death penalty; instead, today's vote has left a costly and cruel system in place,” said Alba Morales, United States criminal justice researcher at Human Rights Watch. “It is now time for others, including the governor and legislature, to put an end to capital punishment in the state.”
The 724 people on California's death row are more than 20 percent of the death row inmates in the United States. Under the SAFE Act, their death sentences would have been vacated and they would have been resentenced to life without parole. The proposition failed by approximately 5 percentage points.
Human Rights Watch opposes capital punishment in all cases. Government-sponsored execution is inherently cruel, and its application has been plagued with prejudice and error. In the US, 141 people have been released from death row after presenting evidence of their innocence, three of them in California. African Americans are more likely to be sentenced to death than whites, and defendants are much more likely to be sentenced to death when the victim is white.
Many of the arguments surrounding the SAFE Act revolved around the costs of the death penalty – California has executed 13 people since 1992 at a cost of approximately $4 billion. The act would have set aside $30 million of the money saved by doing away with the need for costly death penalty appeals and death row housing and devoted those funds to investigating serious unsolved crimes. Almost half of California's homicides go unsolved, as do a majority of the rapes reported in the state.
Between 2007 and 2011, the US ranked behind only China, Iran, Saudi Arabia, and Iraq in number of death sentences handed down. There has been a heartening trend away from the death penalty in the last five years, however, Human Rights Watch said. Of the 17 states that have rejected the death penalty, 5 have done so since 2007 – New Jersey, New York, New Mexico, Illinois, and Connecticut. Nationally, the number of executions has been declining since 2009.
Even the disappointing failure of voters to pass the SAFE Act revealed some reason to hope. Over 800,000 Californians signed the petition to place the initiative on the ballot, and an unprecedented coalition, including district attorneys and corrections officers, endorsed the measure.
Countries around the world have increasingly rejected the death penalty. Of the 193 United Nations member states, 94 have laws abolishing the sentence, while 137 are abolitionist in practice. According to the UN Secretary General, 175 countries were execution-free in 2011. Belarus is the only European country that still applies the death penalty.
“The United States stands nearly alone, alongside some of the most repressive governments in the world, in retaining the death penalty,” Morales said. “Californians have missed an opportunity to make history by rejecting the death penalty in a popular vote, but the strength of the movement that placed this initiative on the ballot suggests that efforts to end this cruel and misguided practice will continue.”
Senate and House leaders should begin drafting legislation that would make special counsel Robert Mueller a fully independent counsel in the event that President Trump fires them from their current post and/or issues preemptive pardons for anyone currently under investigation in the Russia-related scandal.
I believe the odds are very high – and in my view almost certain – that Trump, in a desperate move, both fires Mueller and issues pardons. If either or both of these events happen, it will set off a national firestorm that would be even greater than the firestorm caused by President Nixon with their Saturday Night Massacre during the Watergate scandal.
If this firestorm engulfs the Trump presidency, there will be Republican votes in the House and Senate to create the independent counsel, and probably enough to override any presidential veto of legislation creating it.
While the words "breaking news" are sometimes overused, in the last 10 days there has been a surge of ominous events all pointing to an escalation by Trump and their White House of a war against Mueller and the investigation.
ADVERTISEMENT
It appears the White House has now begun an orchestrated and aggressive attack against Mueller using classic opposition research tactics against him. Today there are credible reports that Trump appears to be considering offering pardons to individuals now under investigation.
The president has also offered, in their strange and bizarre interview this week with The New York Times, aggressive criticism of Attorney General Jeff Sessions Jefferson (Jeff) Beauregard SessionsTrump says they haven't spoken to Barr about Mueller report Ex-Trump aide: Can't imagine Mueller not giving House a ‘roadmap' to impeachment Rosenstein: My time at DOJ is 'coming to an end' MORE that may well presage Sessions's firing or resignation. Trump also continues to offer aggressive criticism of others involved in the Putin-gate scandal investigation that began shortly after the president's inauguration and has continued to this day.
In reality, if Trump were to fire Mueller, they would have to order Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein to fire him. If Rosenstein refuses, as they surely would, Trump would have to fire Rosenstein and replace them with someone who would then fire Mueller. This would lead to the firing of the deputy attorney general and the special counsel at a time when Trump is also attacking their attorney general, who could be fired or resign in protest.
Today's news reports suggesting that Trump is seeking information about how presidential pardons work are alarming but not surprising. There are credible reports that Trump appears to be extremely angry and anxious about apparent investigations of possible financial relationships between him, their family and their associates and Russia, adding to the sense of urgency from the White House and investigators alike.
Two factors create heightened urgency and greater danger of potential Trump firings and pardons.
The first factor is the imminent testimony of Trump associates before Congress, which could occur as early as next week. Whether these witnesses are sworn under oath or not, it would be a crime for them to testify falsely. The second factor involves recent revelations about meetings between Trump associates and Russians in June 2016; documentary evidence clearly shows the intent of the Trump associates to discuss at that meeting direct Russian support for attacks against Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE at the highest levels of the Trump campaign.
Additionally, the ongoing and escalating pattern of Trump attacks against those investigating Putin-gate, following a series of attacks against and firings of previous leaders of investigations, makes it virtually certain that obstruction of justice is now a prime focus of investigators.
If Trump does intend to make a move to fire Mueller and/or issue pardons, the likelihood rises that it would be sooner rather than later, with legally risky testimony before Congress now imminent and multiple reports that investigators are widening their probes of the potential financial crimes that Trump has explicitly said should be off limits, but which clearly under investigation.
Discussion in Congress should begin immediately about the possibility of enacting legislation to make the special fully independent. It should be passed today, but few if any Republicans are likely to support it today. If there are firings or pardons, the firestorm would be so extreme, and talk of constitutional crisis would be so intense, that a bill to create a fully independent special counsel would probably pass by a veto-proof majority.
Brent Budowsky was an aide to former Sen. Lloyd Bentsen (D-Texas) and Rep. Bill Alexander (D-Ark.), then-chief deputy majority whip of the House. They hold an LL.M. in international financial law from the London School of Economics. They can be read on The Hill's Contributors and reached at brentbbi@webtv.net.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
This isn't the first time I've discussed the grimdark. I keep worrying the subject, like a bad hangnail. Part of it is because whenever a discussion arises about grimdark, I am asked to participate. I've noticed some readers tend to see an overlap between grimdark and horror. While there are numerous similarities between the two, grimdark and horror are not the same.
Since I don't write grimdark—I write dark fantasy (what Charles L. Grant called “quiet horror”)—I wanted to discover the characteristics that sets horror apart from grimdark. However, before I could understand the differences between the two, I had to begin with clear definitions as to what constitutes horror and grimdark.
Horror is defined as literature which is written with the intention of inflicting the emotions of fear or terror. Not many will disagree with that definition. Horror can then be divided into two very broad camps of either supernatural horror or psychological thrillers. Since psychological thrillers tend to have no fantastical elements, I'm confining my discussion to the differences between supernatural horror and grimdark.
Unlike horror, grimdark doesn't fall neatly into one clean definition. Whenever people are asked to define grimdark, the discussion frequently rolls around words like “gritty,” “nihilistic,” “realistic,” before finally descending into the classic pornography/obscenity argument: “I know it when I see it.”
I did discover two often cited definitions for grimdark—though I consider both of these definitions to be flawed.
The first comes from the Urban Dictionary, which defines grimdark as:
“An adjective taken from the root words of grim and darkness, both of which are featured in the tagline for Warhammer 40,000: ‘In the grim darkness of the far future there is only war.' It is usually used to describe a setting that would equal poor living conditions and life expectancies for those actually living in it.”
Of course, “… a setting that would equal poor living conditions and life expectancies for those actually living in it …” also describes just about every YA dystopian novel that's been released since The Hunger Games.
However, none of us would actually classify YA dystopias as grimdark. These books generally tend to focus on young people bringing light out of darkness by having the courage to change the world around them. That is the precise opposite of the nihilism experienced in most grimdark novels. Therefore, the Urban Dictionary misses the mark for being overly broad.
The Wikipedia definition attempts to narrow the field somewhat with:
“Grimdark is a subgenre or a way to describe the tone, style or setting of speculative fiction (especially fantasy) that is, depending on the definition used, markedly dystopian or amoral, or particularly violent or realistic.”
That is closer to the mark. I would have liked that definition better if the author had stopped at “violent.” I dislike the word “realistic” being attributed to grimdark fiction. Frankly, grimdark is no more realistic than supernatural horror. The difference between the two genres revolves not around realism, but around the use of the supernatural forces in the story.
No one argues that grimdark literature cannot feature fantastical elements such as magic. Joe Abercrombie has wizards and an entire hierarchy of Magi; Mark Lawrence gives us a Dead King, who is a necromancer; Michael R. Fletcher has delusions manifesting as living, breathing creatures. If I dig around some more, I'll find others.
After reading several grimdark novels, and one most excellent supernatural horror novel that can stand up to the comparison, I realized something very important: what separates grimdark from horror is the agency given to the supernatural.
In most grimdark literature, the supernatural is a passive force controlled by humans, whereas in horror, the supernatural becomes an active entity with agency.
A good contrast is Joe Abercrombie's The Blade Itself, or Mark Lawrence's Prince of Thorns against Christopher Buehlman's Between Two Fires. Abercrombie's and Lawrence's works are grimdark while Buehlman's novel is clearly horror.
In both The Blade Itself and Prince of Thorns the antagonists are all quite mortal. Realism is negated by fantastical elements such as the commonplace acceptance of magic. However, in both novels, the magic is a passive force manipulated by the mortals.
A superficial examination of Between Two Fires might lead one to think of Buehlman's novel as grimdark. It has some of the hallmarks of grimdark literature: a dystopian environment in the form of the plague blazing through France in 1348; a fallen knight; amoral people are everywhere, looking to take advantage of others.
The story satisfies the “realistic” aspect of the definition, in that the bubonic plague existed, fallen knights turned to marauding in order to survive, and a dystopian society began feeding on itself. Yet Between Two Fires is clearly horror, because the supernatural forces in Between Two Fires have agency.
The very first chapter describes the angels—not the humans—and these angels are not passive. They are actively attempting to destroy human beings in order to provoke God. Uzziel brings the rains down in order to drown the crops; Beliel rises up and blows pride into the mouth of a king, thereby starting a war; then Lucifer shows up and all hell breaks loose. The angels and their machinations remain an active force, independent of mortal interference, throughout the novel.
Having humans as the story's focal points does not necessarily make the story more realistic. I mean, let's face it—Buehlman's Thomas is just as mortal as Abercrombie's Logen Ninefingers or Lawrence's Jorg. It is not the realism of their respective stories that separates them—it is the usage of the supernatural forces within these stories.
Perhaps a better definition of grimdark would be:
“Grimdark is a subgenre or a way to describe the tone, style, or setting of speculative fiction (especially fantasy) that is, depending on the definition used, markedly dystopian or amoral, or particularly graphic in its depiction of violence. In most grimdark literature the supernatural is a passive force, controlled by humans—unlike supernatural horror where the preternatural forces are most often an active entity with agency.”
This would eliminate that niggling word “realistic” from the equation, and also establish the distinguishing traits between grimdark and horror. In the long run, a clearer definition helps grimdark to stand out as its own literary form. Once we know how to describe grimdark, we can then discuss the stories on their own merits, without confusing them with horror.
T. Frohock has turned their love of dark fantasy and horror into tales of deliciously creepy fiction.  They are the author of the Los Nefilim series: In Midnight's Silence and most recently Without Light or Guide. They currently live in North Carolina where they have long been accused of telling stories, which is a southern colloquialism for lying.
Climate Science Myths And Misconceptions – Post #3 On Multi-Decadal Regional Climate Predictions Of Changes In Decadal And Longer Statistics Of Extreme Weather
This past Friday, Ben Herman commented in
Guest Post By Ben Herman Of The University Of Arizona
that
“Scientific predictions are just that, predictions, and until they have been verified, are just that, unverified predictions.”
This inability to validate predictions decades from now has not stopped journals and funding agencies, such as the National Science Foundation, from reporting and funding such studies.
Misconception #3: Regional climate predictions provide testable skillful predictions of changes in the decadal and longer statistics of extreme weather.
There is a new article which perpretuates this myth that multi-decadal global model preditions are skillful. This, unfortunately is just one example of many who are making unsubstantiated scientific claims, yet, whose research is being accepted in peer reviewed journals and being funded by the National Science Foundation and other agencies.
This article is
Ren, Diandong, Rong Fu, Lance M. Leslie, Robert E. Dickinson, 2011: Predicting Storm-triggered Landslides. Bulletin on the American Meterological Society. 129–139.
The abstract of the paper reads
“An advanced numerical modeling system projects rain-triggered landslides in a warming climate.”
Just a few excerpts from the article shows that the foundation of this paper is flawed. They write [bold face added]
What can we say about changes in storm-triggered landslides on 50-yr (or longer) time scales when we cannot predict rainfall next week? On one hand, the overall climate response of the precipitation to the increasing atmospheric concentrations of greenhouse gases may be proven predictable by current global coupled ocean–atmosphere climate models (CGCMs; Allen and Ingram 2002, and references therein). On the other hand, only very heavy or extreme precipitation triggers landslides (Iverson 2000). Although CGCMs are unable to project a specific storm's location and timing, they can provide a statistically correct rainfall scenario for the region of interest. “….for point accuracy in predicting a slope's stability, very high-resolution (spatial and temporal) precipitation data from observations or more likely from numerical weather prediction models are required to drive the landslide model. In the following experiments, we linearly downscale the CGCM-provided meteorological forcing to a high resolution digital elevation map.” “All known physics considered, the CGCMs are well positioned to answer the question of whether increased temperatures cause increases in precipitation intensity and amount. Climate prediction is concerned with quantifying general trends and not with accurate prediction of specific storm events. This does not devalue the CGCM projections because, for many purposes (e.g., infrastructure construction), we are not interested in the exact timing of a mudslide and we only are required to know the time frame of its recurrence. The CGCMs, because of their limited horizontal resolution, are not expected to resolve individual precipitation events.”
That this paper passed peer review with statements that the CGCMs provide ”statistically correct rainfall scenario for the region of interest ” and ”CGCMs, because of their limited horizontal resolution, are not expected to resolve individual precipitation events” is astounding.
There is no way that realistic model simulations of extreme precipitation is possible by linearly downscaling from the CGCMs, as was discussed, for example, in my posts
Dynamic Downscaling From Multi-Decadal Global Model Projections Does Not Add Spatial and Temporal Accuracy Of Value To The Impacts Community
Statistical Downscaling From Multi-Decadal Global Model Projections Does Not Add Spatial and Temporal Accuracy Of Value To The Impacts Community
The Difference Between Prediction and Predictability – Recommendations For Research Funding Related to These Distinctly Different Concepts
Summary Of Why Dynamic And Statistical Downscaling Of Multi-Decadal IPCC-type Forecasts Are Misleading The Impacts Community And Policymakers
They also have not been shown to provide “statistically correct rainfall scenarios” as discussed, for example, by
Robert L. Wilby and Suraje Dessai, 2010: Robust adaptation to climate change, first published online: 29 June 2010. Weather DOI: 10.1002/wea.543
where they wrote
“The scientific community is developing regional climate downscaling (RCD) techniques to reconcile the scale mismatch between coarse-resolution OA/GCMs and location-specific information needs of adaptation planners……It is becoming apparent, however, that downscaling also has serious practical limitations, especially where the meteorological data needed for model calibration may be of dubious quality or patchy, the links between regional and local climate are poorly understood or resolved, and where technical capacity is not in place. Another concern is that high-resolution downscaling can be misconstrued as accurate downscaling (Dessai et al., 2009). In other words, our ability too downscale to finer time and space scales does not imply that our confidence is any greater in the resulting scenarios.”
It is clear that considerable research funding is being provided to support what is not following the scientific method. As was presented in the post
Hypothesis Testing – A Failure In The 2007 IPCC Reports
I wrote
There has been a development over the last 10-15 years or so in the scientific peer reviewed literature that is short circuiting the scientific method. The scientific method involves developing a hypothesis and then seeking to refute it. If all attempts to discredit the hypothesis fails, we start to accept the proposed theory as being an accurate description of how the real world works. A useful summary of the scientific method is given on the website sciencebuddies.org.where they list six steps Ask a Question
Do Background Research
Construct a Hypothesis
Test Your Hypothesis by Doing an Experiment
Analyze Your Data and Draw a Conclusion
Communicate Your Results Unfortunately, in recent years papers have been published in the peer reviewed literature that fail to follow these proper steps of scientific investigation. These papers are short circuiting the scientific method.
As written in the IAC Review of the IPCC report (which I reproduced in the above weblog post)
“…the guidance was often applied to statements that are so vague they cannot be falsified.”
This is a correct conclusion and applies to the Ren et al Bulletin of the American Meteorological Society paper, as well as all such studies whose findings cannot be falsified.
The acceptance of hypotheses as facts in the publication process including this Ren et al 2011 paper, is one main reason that the policy community is being significantly misinformed about the actual status of our understanding of the climate system and the role of humans within it.
Thank you to my rematch Santa for the wonderful t-shirts! Firstoff, I really loved how you made it personal and added the colourful Rick and Morty tee in there (a show that you loved). I'm excited to check out and see what that show is about because judging by that wild picture, it looks right up my alley! And then secondly, of course you got me the witty/quirky "The book was better" tee. I think it is brilliant! I definitely like to read and this T-shirt is perfect because it's something that crosses my mind when I watch a movie but don't say out loud in order to avoid sounding snobby. Now I can get away with sending that message with this tee. Great finds & thank you!!
Linux Tracing is Magic!
A tracer is an advanced performance analysis and troubleshooting tool, but don't let that intimidate you... If you've used strace(1) or tcpdump(8) – you've used a tracer. System tracers can see much more than just syscalls or packets, as they can typically trace any kernel or application software.
There are so many Linux tracers that the choice is overwhelming. As each has an official (or unofficial) pony-corn mascot, we have enough for a kids' show.
Which tracer should you use?
I've answered this question for two audiences: for most people, and, for performance/kernel engineers. This will also change over time, so I'll need to post follow-ups, maybe once a year or so.
For Most People
Most people (developers, sysadmins, devops, SREs, ...) are not going to learn a system tracer in gory detail. Here's what you most likely need to know and do about tracers:
1. Use perf_events for CPU profiling
Use perf_events to do CPU profiling. The profile can be visualized as a flame graph. Eg:
git clone --depth 1 https://github.com/brendangregg/FlameGraph perf record -F 99 -a -g -- sleep 30 perf script | ./FlameGraph/stackcollapse-perf.pl | ./FlameGraph/flamegraph.pl > perf.svg
Linux perf_events (aka "perf", after its command) is the official tracer/profiler for Linux users. It is in the kernel source, and is well maintained (and currently rapidly being enhanced). It's usually added via a linux-tools-common package.
perf can do many things, but if I had to recommend you learn just one, it would be CPU profiling. Even though this is not technically "tracing" of events, as it's sampling. The hardest part is getting full stacks and symbols to work, which I covered in my Linux Profiling at Netflix talk for Java and Node.js.
2. Know what else is possible
As a friend once said: "You don't need to know how to operate an X-ray machine, but you do need to know that if you swallow a penny, an X-ray is an option!" You need to know what is possible with tracers, so that if your business really needs it, you can either learn how to do it later, or hire someone who does.
In a nutshell: performance of virtually anything can be understood with tracing. File system internals, TCP/IP processing, device drivers, application internals. Read my lwn.net article on ftrace, and browse my perf_events page, as examples of some tracing (and profiling) capabilities.
3. Ask for front ends
If you are paying for performance analysis tools (and there are many companies that sell them), ask for Linux tracing support. Imagine an intuitive point-and-click interface that can expose kernel internals, including latency heatmaps at different stack locations. I described such an interface in my Monitorama talk.
I've created and open sourced some front ends myself, although for the CLI (not GUIs). These also allow people to benefit from the tracers more quickly and easily. Eg, from my perf-tools, tracing new processes:
# ./execsnoop Tracing exec()s. Ctrl-C to end. PID PPID ARGS 22898 22004 man ls 22905 22898 preconv -e UTF-8 22908 22898 pager -s 22907 22898 nroff -mandoc -rLL=164n -rLT=164n -Tutf8 [...]
At Netflix, we're creating Vector, an instance analysis tool that should also eventually front Linux tracers.
For Performance or Kernel Engineers
Our job is much harder, since most people may be asking us to figure out how to trace something, and therefore which tracer to use. To properly understand a tracer, you usually need to spend at least one hundred hours with it. Understanding all the Linux tracers to make a rational decision between them a huge undertaking. (I may be the only person who has come close to doing this.)
Here's what I'd recommend. Either:
A) Pick one all-powerful tracer, and standardize on that. This will involve a lot of time figuring out its nuances and safety in a test environment. I'd currently recommend the latest version of SystemTap (ie, build from source). I know of companies that have picked LTTng, and are happy with it, although it's not quite as powerful (although, it is safer). If sysdig adds tracepoints or kprobes, it could be another candidate.
B) Follow the above flow chart from my Velocity tutorial. It will mean using ftrace or perf_events as much as possible, eBPF as it gets integrated, and then other tracers like SystemTap/LTTng to fill in the gaps. This is what I do in my current job at Netflix.
Comments by tracer:
1. ftrace
I love Ftrace, it's a kernel hacker's best friend. It's built into the kernel, and can consume tracepoints, kprobes, and uprobes, and provides a few capabilities: event tracing, with optional filters and arguments; event counting and timing, summarized in-kernel; and function-flow walking. See ftrace.txt from the kernel source for examples. It's controlled via /sys, and is intended for a single root user (although you could hack multi-user support using buffer instances). Its interface can be fiddly at times, but it's quite hackable, and there are front ends: Steven Rostedt, the main ftrace author, has created trace-cmd, and I've created the perf-tools collection. My biggest gripe is that it isn't programmable, so you can't, for example, save and fetch timestamps, calculate latency, and then store it as a histogram. You'll need to dump events to user-level, and post-process, at some cost. It may become programmable via eBPF.
2. perf_events
perf_events is the main tracing tool for Linux users, its source is in the Linux kernel, and is usually added via a linux-tools-common package. Aka "perf", after its front end, which is typically used to trace & dump to a file (perf.data), which it does relatively efficiently (dynamic buffering), and then post-processeses that later. It can do most of what ftrace can. It can't do function-flow walking, and is a bit less hackable (as it has better safety/error checking). But it can do profiling (sampling), CPU performance counters, user-level stack translation, and can consume debuginfo for line tracing with local variables. It also supports multiple concurrent users. As with ftrace, it isn't kernel programmable yet, until perhaps eBPF support (patches have been proposed). If there's one tracer I'd recommend people learn, it'd be perf, as it can solve a ton of issues, and is relatively safe.
3. eBPF
The extended Berkeley Packet Filter is an in-kernel virtual machine that can run programs on events, efficiently (JIT). It's likely to eventually provide in-kernel programming for ftrace and perf_events, and to enhance other tracers. It's currently being developed by Alexei Starovoitov, and isn't fully integrated yet, but there's enough in-kernel (as of 4.1) for some impressive tools: eg, latency heat maps of block device I/O. For reference, see the BPF slides from Alexei, and their eBPF samples.
4. SystemTap
SystemTap is the most powerful tracer. It can do everything: profiling, tracepoints, kprobes, uprobes (which came from SystemTap), USDT, in-kernel programming, etc. It compiles programs into kernel modules and loads them – an approach which is tricky to get safe. It is also developed out of tree, and has had issues in the past (panics or freezes). Many are not SystemTap's fault – it's often the first to use certain tracing capabilities with the kernel, and the first to run into bugs. The latest version of SystemTap is much better (you must compile from source), but many people are still spooked from earlier versions. If you want to use it, spend time in a test environment, and chat to the developers in #systemtap on irc.freenode.net. (Netflix has a fault-tolerant architecture, and we have used SystemTap, but we may be less concerned about safety than you.) My biggest gripe is that it seems to assume you'll have kernel debuginfo, which I don't usually have. It actually can do a lot without it, but documentation and examples are lacking (I've begun to help with that myself).
5. LTTng
LTTng has optimized event collection, which outperforms other tracers, and also supports numerous event types, including USDT. It is developed out of tree. The core of it is very simple: write events to a tracing buffer, via a small and fixed set of instructions. This helps make it safe and fast. The downside is that there's no easy way to do in-kernel programming. I keep hearing that this is not a big problem, since it's so optimized that it can scale sufficiently despite needing post processing. It also has been pioneering a different analysis technique, more of a black box recording of all interesting events that can be studied in GUIs later. I'm concerned about such a recording missing events I didn't have the foresight to record, but I really need to spend more time with it to see how well it works in practice. It's the tracer I've spent the least time with (no particular reason).
6. ktap
ktap was a really promising tracer, which used an in-kernel lua virtual machine for processing, and worked fine without debuginfo and on embedded devices. It made it into staging, and for a moment looked like it would win the trace race on Linux. Then eBPF began kernel integration, and ktap integration was postponed until it could use eBPF instead of its own VM. Since eBPF is still integrating many months later, the ktap developers have been waiting a long time. I hope it restarts development later this year.
7. dtrace4linux
dtrace4linux is mostly one man's part-time effort (Paul Fox) to port Sun DTrace to Linux. It's impressive, and some providers work, but it's some ways from complete, and is more of an experimental tool (unsafe). I think concern over licensing has left people wary of contributing: it will likely never make it into the Linux kernel, as Sun released DTrace under the CDDL license; Paul's approach to this is to make it an add-on. I'd love to see DTrace on Linux and this project finished, and thought I'd spend time helping it finish when I joined Netflix. However, I've been spending time using the built-in tracers, ftrace and perf_events, instead.
8. OL DTrace
Oracle Linux DTrace is a serious effort to bring DTrace to Linux, specifically Oracle Linux. Various releases over the years have shown steady progress. The developers have even spoken about improving the DTrace test suite, which shows a promising attitude to the project. Many useful providers have already been completed: syscall, profile, sdt, proc, sched, and USDT. I'm still waiting for fbt (function boundary tracing, for kernel dynamic tracing), which will be awesome on the Linux kernel. Its ultimate success will hinge on whether it's enough to tempt people to run Oracle Linux (and pay for support). Another catch is that it may not be entirely open source: the kernel components are, but I've yet to see the user-level code.
9. sysdig
sysdig is a new tracer that can operate on syscall events with tcpdump-like syntax, and lua post processing. It's impressive, and it's great to see innovation in the system tracing space. Its limitations are that it is syscalls only at the moment, and, that it dumps all events to user-level for post processing. You can do a lot with syscalls, although I'd like to see it support tracepoints, kprobes, and uprobes. I'd also like to see it support eBPF, for in-kernel summaries. The sysdig developers are currently adding container support. Watch this space.
Further Reading
My own work with the tracers includes:
ftrace: My perf-tools collection (see the examples directory); my lwn.net article on ftrace; a LISA14 talk; and the posts: function counting, iosnoop, opensnoop, execsnoop, TCP retransmits, uprobes, and USDT.
perf_events: My perf_events Examples page; a Linux Profiling at Netflix talk for SCALE; and the posts CPU Sampling, Static Tracepoints, Heat Maps, Counting, Kernel Line Tracing, off-CPU Time Flame Graphs.
eBPF: The post eBPF: One Small Step, and some BPF-tools (I need to publish more).
SystemTap: I wrote a Using SystemTap post a long time ago, which is somewhat out of date. More recently I published some systemtap-lwtools, showing how SystemTap can be used without kernel debuginfo.
LTTng: I've used it a little, but not enough yet to publish anything.
ktap: My ktap Examples page includes one-liners and scripts, although these were for an earlier version.
dtrace4linux: I included some examples in my Systems Performance book, and I've developed some small fixes for things in the past, eg, timestamps.
OL DTrace: As this is a straight port of DTrace, much of my earlier DTrace work should be relevant (too many links to list here; search on my homepage). I may develop some specific tools once this is more complete.
sysdig: I contributed the fileslower and subsecond offset spectrogram chisels.
others: I did write a warning post about strace.
Please, no more tracers! ... If you're wondering why Linux doesn't just have one, or DTrace itself, I answered these in my From DTrace to Linux talk, starting on slide 28.
Thanks to Deirdré Straughan for edits, and for creating the tracing ponies (with General Zoi's pony creator).
Hank Paulson. Richard Armitage. Brent Scowcroft.
They represent the cadre of Bush World alums who have openly endorsed Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE over Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE for president and say they will be choosing “country over party” this fall.
ADVERTISEMENT
And they're not alone.
A handful of other top political appointees and aides from the George W. Bush and George H.W. Bush administrations are expected to buck their party and back Clinton in the coming months amid growing anxiety about what Trump might mean for fiscal policy and national security if they win the White House.
“I live in D.C., so my vote is kind of irrelevant. But if I was the last vote, if my vote was going to make a difference, I'd prefer to have Hillary Clinton in the White House than Donald Trump,” Tony Fratto, a former deputy assistant and deputy press secretary to President George W. Bush, told The Hill.
“I think that's an easy call. I think it's really easy: [Trump] is not fit for office,” Fratto added.
Many other former Bush officials will privately vote for Clinton this fall, even if they don't publicly broadcast it in a speech, op-ed or tweet.
“For me, the answer is no. I can't support Trump. They have proven they have very little ability to learn. I don't care if we were on Day One, but now we're on Day 365 and they don't seem to know much,” said another top George W. Bush appointee, who requested anonymity to speak candidly about the nominee.
“I will probably hold my nose and vote for Hillary Clinton with no joy or enthusiasm.”
It's unclear if anyone in the immediate Bush dynasty will cast a vote for Clinton.
The 41st and 43rd presidents and Jeb Bush, Trump's one-time primary foe, all have taken the unprecedented step of declining to endorse the presumptive GOP nominee. And they're joining the long list of establishment Republicans who are skipping the Republican National Convention in Cleveland next month.
For the Bush clan, it's become personal.
Trump blamed George W. Bush for failing to keep the country safe because the 9/11 attacks happened on their watch.
And during a raucous campaign debate in February, Trump accused Bush of deliberately misleading the public about weapons of mass destruction to boost support for the U.S. invasion of Iraq. In 2008, the Manhattan billionaire had called for Bush to be impeached over their handling of the war.
“Obviously, the war in Iraq was a big, fat mistake, all right?” Trump roared at the debate in South Carolina. “They lied. They said there were weapons of mass destruction. There were none, and they knew there were none.”
The Bushes could deal with Trump taunting Jeb as “low energy” on the campaign trail, but they believe their attacks on Bush 43 crossed the line.
“This was a very personal attack on the president, that they lied to start a war with Iraq. [Trump] has the exact same view as MoveOn.org. That's their view,” Fratto said.
The Bushes “are troubled by a guy who has really bizarre conspiracy theories as our party's nominee,” Fratto said.
Spokesman Jim McGrath said George H.W. and Barbara Bush backed their son, Jeb, in the primary but are now “letting the process play out without commenting or intervening.”
It's also worth noting that the elder Bush had become extremely close with President Bill Clinton William (Bill) Jefferson ClintonInviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Howard Schultz must run as a Democrat for chance in 2020 Trump says they never told McCabe their wife was 'a loser' MORE, even though they had once been bitter political foes.
So far, the group of pro-Hillary Republicans is small but comprised of some big names.
Paulson, the former Treasury secretary who oversaw the financial bailout at the end of the George W. Bush administration, is the highest-ranking former GOP official to back Clinton over Trump.
“The GOP, in putting Trump at the top of the ticket, is endorsing a brand of populism rooted in ignorance, prejudice, fear and isolationism,” Paulson wrote in a scathing op-ed in The Washington Post. “Enough is enough. It's time to put country before party and say it together: Never Trump.”
Then there's Armitage, George W. Bush's deputy secretary of State and a former Ronald Reagan appointee, who told Politico that Trump “doesn't appear to be a Republican” or want to learn about policy issues.
Scowcroft, national security adviser to Gerald Ford and George H.W. Bush, heaped praise on Clinton, saying the former secretary of State, senator and first lady has the “wisdom and experience to lead our country at this critical time.”
GOP strategist Steve Schmidt, a White House aide to George W. Bush who later ran Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE's (R-Ariz.) 2008 presidential campaign, hasn't endorsed Clinton. But he's previously said there will be a concerted effort by the Clinton campaign to recruit top Republican national security and foreign policy officials who align with their more hawkish positions.
That could include former Secretary of State Colin Powell, former CIA Director David Petraeus and retired Gen. Ray Odierno. Fratto said it makes sense that the pro-Hillary GOP voices have served in the top rungs of government, where they lived through things like the 2008 financial crisis and 9/11 terrorist attacks.
“Anyone who spent time in and around the White House, especially on national security issues, is appropriately frightened at the idea that you would put that responsibility and authority in the hands of Trump,” Fratto said. “You know how dangerous it would be to have someone that erratic and extreme heading up American policy?”
Of course, there are also top Bush officials who've thrown their support behind Trump.
George W. Bush's vice president, Dick Cheney, said they always support the GOP nominee. Former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, who launched the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq under Bush 43, called Trump a “known unknown” but is endorsing them anyway because Clinton is “unacceptable.”
Kevin Kellems, a top aide to both Cheney and Rumsfeld, joined the Trump campaign this month to help manage campaign surrogates.
But the vast majority of Bush Republicans are still grappling with the question of whom to vote for in November.
Tim Miller, the former top spokesperson for Jeb Bush's presidential campaign, went on to become a leading voice in the “Never Trump” movement. But they can't bring themselves to vote for Clinton either.
“I literally wrote a book about how terrible they are,” said Miller, who previously ran an anti-Clinton PAC called America Rising. “That said, Trump is a threat to our party and our republic, so my focus is on stopping him."
“I do think 43 and Jeb have carried themselves with dignity and have a great appreciation for the office,” Miller continued, “and made very clear cases for why Trump does not meet that standard.”
A close friend of Jeb Bush, GOP strategist Ana Navarro has become one of the fiercest critics of Trump on cable TV. But with more than four months to go until Election Day, they said she's also not yet ready for Hillary.
“Everyone has to wrestle with the question of what supporting Trump means vis-a-vis loyalty to the Republican Party and to America. It's a process. People are coming to different conclusions,” Navarro said. “Right now, Trump has definitely lost my vote. No turning back. That bridge is burnt.
Still, Navarro added: “Hillary has not earned my vote.”
Phullu: The CBFC thinks menstrual hygiene is a subject that calls for an 'adult' rating
Last year, actor-turned-columnist Twinkle Khanna started a dialogue about menstruation and affordable sanitary pads when they chronicled the life of social entrepreneur Arunachalam Muruganantham in their book, The Legend of Lakshmi Prasad.
In an attempt to carry forward the much-needed discussion, Khanna announced that their maiden film production under their new banner, Mrs Funnybones Films, will be titled Padman, a biopic of Muruganantham. Them husband, Akshay Kumar, is playing the protagonist and is currently shooting for the film in Madhya Pradesh.
But in the midst of all these developments, an independent filmmaker Abhishek Saxena has already made a fictional film titled Phullu that aims to spread awareness about the same issue in the remotest parts of the country. However, much to their dismay, the Central Board of Film Certification has issued an 'A' (adult) certificate to the film days before its release on Friday, 16 June 2017.
The Quint quotes Saxena as saying, "Phullu has no profanity, no smoking, nothing that warrants adult certification. It's just that people taking calls at the CBFC are not evolved and educated enough to see the importance of this film. They've grown up with the stigma around menstruation, have never discussed it in their homes, and think that it's a forbidden ‘adult' topic. They'll never understand that our aim is to break this very taboo. (Pahlaj) Nihalani hasn't watched the film. I know this because they aren't there at the screening. But we are not strong enough to fight this, not now."
Saxena also wondered if Akshay Kumar's Padman would be subject to the same standards by the CBFC, or if its leading man's clout would help it get a U/A certificate. The same report quotes Saxena as saying, "I'm sure that the CBFC will not give Akshay Kumar's film Padman an ‘Adult' rating. Because he's Akshay Kumar and whatever they show is good and worthy of being seen as a ‘public interest' message. When Padman releases, I'm sure that the CBFC will pitch it as an ‘education' film, even though our film is just as much about menstruation and the taboo around it, as theirs."
While the CBFC's decision to issue an 'A' certificate to Phullu merely because it talks about menstruation seems unfair, the comparison to Padman, at this time, seems unjustified.
The government may be supporting Kumar's next release, Toilet: Ek Prem Katha, because it complements their flagship campaign of Swachh Bharat Mission. One can't assume they would do the same for Padman — especially since they seem to have turned a deaf ear to the countless pleas opposing 'Lahu ka lagaan' or tax on sanitary napkins.
As long as there is no clarification from the CBFC, Saxena's concerns about the adult certification are valid. But perhaps there's some minor solace to be found in the fact that the board is sticking to its role of certifying films rather than censoring them.
Watch the trailer for Phullu here:
Updated Date: Jun 15, 2017 12:33:27 IST
Cryptocurrencies have seen a surge of value recently. People are starting to see that bitcoin, ethereum, and other currencies are not just for speculation. At worst, they are a store of value–like digital gold. At best, they are a tool for micropayments, smart contracts, and an entire decentralized financial platform.
Coinbase is a company for buying and selling cryptocurrencies. This episode is the first of three interviews with different members of Coinbase. In this episode, Linda Xie and Jordan Clifford explain why cryptocurrencies are important, and how products that Coinbase builds make cryptocurrencies easier to use.
This is the first in a series of episodes about Coinbase. Tomorrow we will discuss antifraud with Soups Ranjan, director of data science at Coinbase. We'd love to hear your thoughts on this series, and any other suggestions or feedback you have. Send me an email–jeff@softwareengineeringdaily.com
Transcript
Transcript provided by We Edit Podcasts. Software Engineering Daily listeners can go to weeditpodcasts.com/sed to get 20% off the first two months of audio editing and transcription services. Thanks to We Edit Podcasts for partnering with SE Daily. Please click here to view this show's transcript.
Sponsors
Toptal is the best place to find reasonably priced, extremely talented software engineers to build your projects from scratch or scale your workforce. Get a free pair of Apple Airpods when you use Toptal.com/sedaily to work with an engineer for at least 20 hours.
gocd.io for a free download. GoCD is an on-premise, open source, continuous delivery tool. Get better visibility into and control of your teams' deployments with GoCD. Say goodbye to deployment panic and hello to consistent, predictable deliveries. Visitfor a free download.
VividCortex is the best way to improve your database performance, efficiency, and uptime. It's a cloud-hosted monitoring platform that eliminates your most critical visibility gap, providing insights at 1-second granularity into production database workload and query performance. It measures the execution and resource consumption of every statement and transaction, so you can proactively fix future database issues before they impact customers. To learn more, visit vividcortex.com/sedaily and find out why companies like Github, DigitalOcean, and Yelp all use VividCortex to see deeper into their database performance. Learn more at vividcortex.com/sedaily , and get started today!
The mentality of “us versus them” has long bedeviled humankind. Much too frequently, one group—“us”—fights another group—“them”—for reasons that are so limited as to be incomprehensible to subsequent generations, who may look on the lives lost, recognize the missed opportunities, and ask: Why did they do it?
World War I is a prime example. Just why did the leaders of the “civilized” world engage in a mutual slaughter that killed over 17 million of their own citizens? Because of the assassination of one man—the heir to the throne of the Austro-Hungarian empire? At war's end, no such empire existed, let alone a throne to rule over it.
Examples of the "us and them" problems are evident across the world today. Brexit is one example. The people of the United Kingdom chose to leave the European Union based on an “us vs. them” viewpoint. In the United States, we have the Black Lives Matter movement pitting black America against the police. And in Iraq, we have the problem of Kurds vs. Kurds.
The “Us Kurds vs. the Kurds” is not new, we only have to go back the 1990's to revisit the Kurdish Civil War: KDP vs. PUK. In this time regional powers played the Kurds against themselves. Baghdad playing the KDP off of the PUK which had Iran's backing and Turkey pulling strings to keep the thing alive.
Today much of the old animosity remains. While the Kurdish people are at the best time in history to declare independence and have a country, they are forming up against themselves. The old social “Us vs. Them” is coming to deny the Kurds a homeland once more. While there is no doubt that much of the feelings are genuine, it also must be considered who has the most to gain from this.
In many cases, there are legitimate concerns. While it is easy to argue the limits of a Presidential term, it is harder to argue the rule of law. There is no constitution for Kurdistan; it's still in draft. With no law, there is really no limit. There is an agreement, but all sides seem to maneuver around that whenever they want. The Kurds are then facing the dilemma of who is right and who is wrong. But when it is “Us vs. Them” the answer is always easy, we are right and they are wrong. When one side or the other entrenches themselves in righteousness, it becomes impossible to extricate yourself from a position; it also becomes easier to be manipulated.
The current crisis between KDP vs. PUK/Gorran will not lead to a position that either side actually wants. The outcome should be becoming a unified country, a single entity, then start from scratch to build a nation. This is difficult; it requires for the past to be relegated to the past.
Masoud Barzani was never the President of an independent Kurdistan, so the past is forgotten. The KDP, PUK, Gorran and the rest were never a sitting body for an independent Kurdistan, so a new government is formed. The other options are to do nothing and maintain the status quo or move on to violence, which is the typical end of an entrenched “us vs. them” problem; a full out split of them and us into an SW Kurdistan and SE Kurdistan. Ultimately these last options will result in a stronger neighbor absorbing the geographic region and the Kurds just go on fighting each other.
Until the Kurdish people can become one and together “Us,” and relegate Turkey, Iraq, Syria and Iran to the status of “Them” there will not be a chance to become Kurdistan. Until Kurdistan the rest of the arguments amongst the Kurds are meaningless.
Indeed, given the unique opportunity that exists today, if Kurds, instead, fall into “Us vs. Them,” subsequent generations may well ask, “Why did they do it?”
Paul Davis is a retired US Army military intelligence officer. They have been a consultant to the American intelligence community specializing in the Middle East with a concentration on Kurdish affairs. Currently, they are the President of the consulting firm JANUS Think in Washington D.C.
The views expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the position of Kurdistan24.
Editing by Delovan Barwari and Laurie Mylroie
The Sun newspaper drives a model of the "Big Ben" on the back of a truck equipped with loudspeakers around Parliament Square in London on Aug. 21. (Peter Nicholls/Reuters)
As negotiations to leave the European Union drag on, much of Britain's tabloid press has frequently struck an indignant tone, blaming European allies for the slow progress.
However, one attempt to reach out to these Europeans to justify the pro-Brexit position has fallen flat on its face — thanks to a rogue translation that resulted in Germanic gibberish.
The editorial in question appeared on the website of the Sun, a fervent Brexit supporter and Britain's best selling newspaper, on Sunday. It aimed to convince a European audience that its leaders were harming the E.U. by taking a hard-line stance on Brexit — perhaps a reference to some sly English-language stories in the German press — and so it was written in the German language.
That was the plan, at least. However, the ensuing article mangled the German language. There were grammatical mistakes in nearly every line, with some colloquial British phrases translated literally in a way that would make no sense to a German reader (pigheaded intransigence, for example, became “schweinkopf-unnachgiebigkeit”).
Even the title, which was meant to imply European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker and chief negotiator Michael Barnier were harming millions of people, was mistranslated — as it was written, it could also imply they were helping millions of people.
The article was little noticed when first published, but this week became the subject of mockery among German speakers.
The translation was such a mess that it begged the question: How was it published? Many reasoned that the original German text must have been run through Google Translate, though they quickly realized that it was actually too poor a translation for that. Could another, less sophisticated machine translation service have been used? Was it an intern with a dictionary, or a rogue German speaker out for sabotage?
It's almost like The Sun is saying: We care so little about you Germans we won't even Google-translate it for you. We'll Bing-translate it. — Mathieu von Rohr (@mathieuvonrohr) September 13, 2017
A spokesperson for the Sun denied that the text had been run through Google Translate and suggested it was simply a translation mishap.
“Since our piece was calling on European business and industry leaders to lobby their politicians for a good deal for all sides, we thought it made sense to allow our readers across Germany to see the piece,” the spokesperson said. “Much like the Brexit negotiations, though, sometimes things get lost in translation — we hope that both sides can be as flexible and adaptable as the Sun in clearing up any confusion as quickly as possible.”
It certainly is true that some things have been lost in translation in Brexit talks — and knowledge of a second language may be an issue for both sides. Sixty-one percent of Britons do not speak another language in addition to their mother tongue, according to a 2012 report from the European Commission. That's one of the lowest figures across Europe. In contrast, only 34 percent of Germans only spoke their mother tongue, and many expect the English language to further lose its importance in a post-Brexit E.U.
Brexiteers have accused their counterparts in the E.U. of being too inward-looking in their negotiations over Britain leaving. But with a largely one-way language barrier, there is also a real danger that many in Britain don't actually understand the European position at all.
Rick Noack contributed to this report.
More on WorldViews:
A year after a divisive vote, doubts are mounting in a town that went overwhelmingly for Brexit
An unmitigated disaster January 11, 2013 Posted by Ben Grossman-Cohen
New York Times shutters its environment desk
A few weeks before Oxfam's GROW Campaign launched in 2011, I went up to New York with our president Ray Offenheiser and head of our policy (and lead Poindexter) Gawain Kripke to meet with a handful of journalists. We wanted to give them a sneak peek at what we had planned.
One of our first stops was to sit down with Sandy Keenan, Environment Editor at the New York Times, and two key reporters on the Environment Desk: Elisabeth Rosenthal and Justin Gillis. We had a long conversation about the issues of GROW and the emerging trends that we were seeing around the world.
They asked difficult questions, probed the soft spots of our research, and challenged us to back up our point of view with credible evidence. It was a good conversation, one clearly grounded in knowledge and experience with the immense and complex challenges that come with trying to feed a growing population without breaking the planet. This is not always the experience one has when talking to reporters. In fact it was utterly unique. No other outlet had this depth of knowledge actually backed up by the resources and mandate to reach a mainstream audience.
So it is with great disappointment that I read today that the “paper of record” is dismantling its environment desk, reassigning the reporters and editors to other beats. The change, they say, is not prompted by budgetary pressures but what Inside Climate News calls “the shifting interdisciplinary landscape of news reporting.”
Times managing editor for news operations told ICN that environmental stories are, “partly business, economic, national or local, among other subjects. They are more complex. We need to have people working on the different desks that can cover different parts of the story.”
That's all well and good but it is hard to see this move as anything but an unmitigated disaster for people who care about how the challenges facing our environment impact our lives. The Times environmental coverage is heads and shoulders above what any other mainstream outlet in the US is offering. It is literally without comparison in its quality and quantity. Certainly there are good reporters outside the confines of the Times. Most other outlets have offered shrinking coverage of the political and policy decisions that impact our planet. The Times, led by its Environment Desk, have continued to push the conversation forward on a range of issues.
In theory, this tradition could continue without the benefit of a dedicated team. But color me skeptical. In my experience the issues reporters choose to pay attention to, and the lens through which they approach their coverage, is heavily shaped by the beat to which they are assigned. The title a reporter has on their business card can play a major role in determining what gets written and what does not.
It is certainly true that environmental issues are business issues. They're national political issues. They're local issues. But try getting a national political reporter to write a nuanced and thoroughly reported article about the threat climate change is posing to food systems. Try getting a business reporter to write about the ways in which American and European biofuels policies are influencing the ability of poor Guatemalans to get enough to eat. I wish you good luck.
The Times has been a leader in environmental coverage because it has shown a commitment to covering the issue via the Environment Desk. We can only hope that the desk's closure does not turn out as bad as it seems for environmental coverage.
Hillary Clinton isn't the only secretary of State under the Obama administration to have familial connections to a private, non-profit foundation that has received millions in tax dollars.
Throughout Secretary of State John Kerry's tenure in public office, their daughter's private, non-profit organization received more than $9 million in taxpayer funds from government entities they oversaw, The Daily Caller News Foundation's Ethan Barton reports
The money trail begins in 2012, when the Peace Corps awarded a $2 million contract to an organization now called Seed Global Health (SGH) launching a partnership with the Peace Corps and the President's Emergency Plan for AIDS Relief (PEPFAR), which provides 42 health educators to 13 sites in Malawi, Tanzania, and Uganda.
Then-senator John Kerry — whose daughter, Dr. Vanessa Kerry, is the president of SGH — was serving as chairperson on the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, which oversees State Department and Peace Corps spending when the contract was approved in 2012.
Internal memos reveal bureaucrats worked with Vanessa Kerry to ensure they would get the contract without having to compete for it and assured them of such in a 2011 meeting — a year before the partnership was approved. Peace Corps directors Buck Buckingham and Sarah Morgenthau and U.S. Ambassador Eric Goosby, who oversaw the State Department funding the contract, assured Vanessa Kerry their organization would get the contract by using a special grant mechanism fast-tracking the approval process.
Minutes from the 2011 meeting state : “Buck obtained clarity of the mechanism by which federal money will be provided to (SGH). . . The process can be fast tracked and non-competed through a specific grant mechanism.”
While John Kerry was serving as secretary of State, the State Department granted a four-year contract extension to SGH worth $6.4 million without competition in 2015. The extension seems to violate the Peace Corps's own contracting policies, which typically limits non-competitive funding to five years.
The money trail raises questions about the integrity of the State Department. Its collusion with SGH is reminiscent of Hillary Clinton's involvement with the Clinton Foundation.
While serving as secretary, Hillary Clinton seemed to be influenced by those who wrote large checks to their family's private charitable organization. Of the private individuals they met with, Clinton spent a majority of their time with Clinton Foundation donors. They also rearranged their schedule in order to accommodate Clinton Foundation bigwigs' requests for meetings and favors.
Although John Kerry's level of involvement in the deal remains unclear, at the very least their connections to the people who hold the purse strings certainly didn't hurt their daughter's endeavors to snag taxpayer funding for their project.
by Dr Rashid Ahmad Khan
they two countries have quietly been building a mutual relationship for the last few years through bilateral as well as multilateral contacts at the highest levels. Pakistanâ€™s status as an observer state in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) has provided it with an important opportunity to have interaction with the top Russian leadership.
In June 2009, President Asif Ali Zardari participated in the SCO Summit in Yaketerinburg and met the then Russian President Dmitry Medvedev. The Russian leader was reported to have expressed a strong desire to develop closer relations with Pakistan in all important areas, including defence, investment and energy.
The establishment of close contacts between the top leadership of Pakistan and Russia and the two sides readiness to open a new chapter in their relationship is not only in the interests of the two countries, it will also serve the interests of peace, security and regional integration in two of the world' s important regions of Central Asia and South Asia.
====
Despite being geographically contiguous, Pakistan and Russia had remained politically distant from each other during the last six decades. The framework of the Cold War and the East-West confrontation defined the relations between the two countries during that period.
Another factor that obstructed the development of close and friendly relations between Pakistan and Russia was the latter's insistence on looking at South Asia only through Indian eyes, ignoring Pakistan's vital national security concerns. But the post-Cold War transformation of global politics and fast changing geo-political situation in the region following 9/11 have created new and strong imperatives for the two to come closer and enter into productive bilateral cooperation in the political, economic and security areas.
This reality was manifestly recognised in the statements by Pakistan's Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar and visiting Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov at a joint press talk in Islamabad earlier this month. â€œWe are longing for better ties with Pakistan,â€ said Mr Lavrov; while Ms Khar termed the current millennium as â€œthe millennium of (Pakistan's) relations with Russia.â€ The visit of the Russian foreign minister has brought the relationship of the two countries to a new and historic threshold.
Pakistan has achieved significant diplomatic success by securing the Russian endorsement of its position on the peace and reconciliation process in Afghanistan. The Russian foreign minister, while talking to the media in Islamabad, had categorically said that their country was against any solution of the Afghanistan problem that is imposed from outside and is not Afghan-owned and Afghan-driven. Instead, Russia would back an indigenous peace and reconciliation process owned and led by the people of Afghanistan. Similarly, the Russian condemnation of drone attacks has strengthened Pakistan's hands in ensuring the country's independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity. The Russian position on Afghanistan as articulated by Foreign Minister Lavrov during their recent visit to Pakistan is clear evidence of the greater geo-strategic convergence between Pakistan and Russia on regional issues.
The two countries have quietly been building a mutual relationship for the last few years through bilateral as well as multilateral contacts at the highest levels. Pakistan's status as an observer state in the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) has provided it with an important opportunity to have interaction with the top Russian leadership.
With the induction of a democratic government in Pakistan following the 2008 elections, the process gained momentum and the two sides took important initiatives to promote bilateral trade, economic cooperation and regional connectivity through multilateral frameworks. In June 2009, President Asif Ali Zardari participated in the SCO Summit in Yaketerinburg and met the then Russian President Dmitry Medvedev. The Russian leader was reported to have expressed a strong desire to develop closer relations with Pakistan in all important areas, including defence, investment and energy. According to some sources, Pakistan and Russia were contemplating entering into a commercial defence agreement enabling Pakistan to purchase Russian arms and weapons.
There is vast potential for the growth of bilateral cooperation between Pakistan and Russia in a wide range of areas. Since the two sides have shown a keen desire to explore new areas and strengthen already existing cooperation in multiple fields, the coming years if not months are certain to witness an expansion of cooperation between the two countries. The areas of energy, regional connectivity, infrastructure and trade are going to be the focus of these endeavours.
However, while discussing the future prospects of Pakistan-Russia cooperation in economic and other non-political areas, the political and strategic fallout of the newly-found Russia-Pakistan friendship should also be taken into consideration, particularly by Pakistan, which has to date followed a foreign policy based on a narrow regional and global perspective.
Russia, which is a successor state to a former superpower, has its own worldview. For example, despite the establishment of a strategic partnership between India and the United States symbolised by their deal on civil nuclear cooperation, and robust Sino-India trade and economic relations, Moscow still values New Delhi as a close friend and Russian relations with Pakistan will not be at the cost of the former's relations with India. As a big stakeholder in peace and tranquillity in South Asia, the growth of the Pakistan-Russia relationship will be a further incentive for Pakistan to pursue peace and normalisation with its eastern neighbour.
The Russians have their own perspective on issues relating to militancy, terrorism and regional peace and security. They are concerned about the prospects of Afghanistan again coming under the rule of the Taliban. Although, as the statement of the Russian foreign minister in Islamabad indicated, the Russians are opposed to the permanent military presence of the United States in Afghanistan; they are frightened on the prospects of NATO failure in Afghanistan as that would lead to serious anarchy and chaos in the country. This is why they are helping ISAF in Afghanistan by allowing their supplies through Russian territory. The Russians are also very worried about the security and law and order situation in Pakistan, particularly, the presence of a large number of foreign militants from Central Asia and Chechnya. During the meeting on the sidelines of the SCO summit at Yaketerinburg in June 2009 between President Zardari and President Medvedev, the latter was reported to have called for the elimination of safe havens of terrorists in Pakistan's tribal areas.
The establishment of close contacts between the top leadership of Pakistan and Russia and the two sides' readiness to open a new chapter in their relationship is not only in the interests of the two countries, it will also serve the interests of peace, security and regional integration in two of the world's important regions of Central Asia and South Asia.
The writer is a professor of International Relations at Sargodha University
The circular was given to all UAE borders points, including airports and ports. (File Photo)
Dubai: Indian nationals who hold a valid USvisa or a green card will get a two-week UAE visa on arrival in the country from May 1, according to a media report.
The UAE Ministry of Foreign Affairs this week circulated a letter to all authorities to grant Indians with US visa or green card to get UAE visa on arrival following a Cabinet decision last month.
Shaikh Khaled Bin Essam Al Qassimi, Chairman of Department of Civil Aviation in Sharjah, said the circular was followed instructions from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, the Gulf News reported.
The circular was given to all UAE borders points, including airports and ports.
Officials at the General Directorate of Residency and Foreigners Affairs in Dubai confirmed that they will start implementing the order on May 1.
The visa will be valid for 14 days, extendable for a similar period one time only. The validity of the passport must be not less than six months and the fee for an entry permit will be Dirham 100 (Rs 1,750). The fee for one-time extension of the entry permit will be Dirham 250, it said.
Breitbart's Steve Bannon to Speak at Upcoming Berkeley Free Speech Week
Former White House chief strategist and Breitbart News chairperson Steve Bannon will appear later this month at U.C. Berkeley's campus for Milo Yiannopoulos' “Free Speech Week”.
Bannon will join the ranks of numerous high-profile speakers during the four-day, Yiannopoulos-led “Free Speech Week”, which begins on September 24th. More than two dozen speakers are slated to attend, according a Tuesday press release.
Yiannopoulos commented on Bannon's attending of the event, via the Washington Examiner:
“Uncle Steve was the force behind [President] Trump's election victory and much of their initial policymaking . . . Nothing could be better for the leftists who oppose Trump so vehemently than a lesson in the logic behind Trump's actions, directly from the architect of their policies.”
Steve Bannon returned to their position as chairperson of Breitbart News last month following further shakeups in the White House and just recently conducted a stellar interview with CBS' Charlie Rose this past Sunday wherein they said they would be actively supporting the president from outside of the White House.
PORT ST. LUCIE — Michael Cuddyer's retirement saved the Mets a bundle, but not the total remaining value of their contract.
According to an industry source, Cuddyer received a buyout valued in the $2 million to $3 million range to terminate their contract with the Mets in December. The veteran outfielder was due $12.5 million in the final season of a backloaded two-year deal, and the buyout was added to even out the contract. Cuddyer earned $8.5 million during a disappointing 2015 season in which they were plagued by injuries and inconsistency at the plate.
The 36-year-old Cuddyer's retirement created payroll flexibility for the Mets, but general manager Sandy Alderson said Tuesday the club still would have been in position to pursue Yoenis Cespedes had Cuddyer remained on the team. But Alderson acknowledged there were other offseason moves the Mets might not have completed.
On Jan. 22 — more than a month after Cuddyer retired — Cespedes agreed to a three-year deal worth $75 million, which contains an opt-out after this season. Cespedes will earn $27.5 million this season. Antonio Bastardo, Asdrubal Cabrera, Alejandro De Aza, Jerry Blevins and Bartolo Colon were the Mets' other free-agent signings this winter.
As it stands, the Mets' payroll has surged past $140 million — its highest level since Alderson's first season, 2011.
Curtis Granderson said they are unsure if they have pinkeye, but the outfielder planned to work out — wearing glasses in place of their contact lenses. Granderson was sent to the doctor Monday because of irritation in their right eye.
“I'll do as much as I can with my glasses on,” Granderson said.
Lefty reliever Josh Smoker was among the standouts in the Mets' intrasquad scrimmages, pitching two perfect innings with one strikeout.
“He's got a real good arm,” manager Terry Collins said. “I was real happy to see them pound the strike zone like that. They threw a couple of good breaking balls, so it will be fun to see how they go into camp.”
Wilmer Flores was sick and did not participate in the scrimmage.
On Thursday, the Dow Jones industrial average closed above 25000, starting the new year by adding to its hot streak. In 2017 the Dow broke through a record five 1000-point milestones: from 20000 in January all the way to 24000 by November. Here are six questions to put the market boom in perspective. [Editor's note: This paragraph was updated on Jan. 4 with news of the latest Dow milestone.]
Q: How does it compare to previous booms?
This is the third-strongest bull market since the crash of 1929, according to data from S&P Dow Jones Indices. As December ends, the Standard & Poor's 500 index is up about 300 percent since the last bear market ended in 2009, behind only the boom of the 1990s (417 percent) and the rebound from the Great Depression in the 1930s (325 percent). Some analysts who date the 1990s boom differently argue that the current boom is a lot closer to taking the crown.
Q: What's behind the rise?
After the market's plunge during the Great Recession, stocks were bound to recover. What has kept the boom going for more than eight years – the second-longest on record, trailing only that 1990s rise – is strong earnings, among other things. US corporations notched a record $1.9 trillion of after-tax profits in the third quarter of 2017. The Federal Reserve has helped by keeping the economy humming with ultra-low interest rates. The near-zero rates have buoyed the market in a second way: With savings accounts and bonds offering such paltry returns, investors have little incentive to switch out of stocks.
Q: Is there a Trump factor?
Quantifying it isn't easy, but many analysts say President Trump's push for deregulation and tax cuts has had an effect, increasing traders' optimism that economic growth and corporate earnings will be even better in 2018. Since Mr. Trump's election, the S&P is up about 25 percent, close to the annual return of 2009 but below the 2013 rise under President Barack Obama.
Q: What effect will tax reform have going forward?
The market has already priced in the recently enacted changes in the tax code for this year and beyond. Tax cuts for corporations could boost the stock market in two ways. Lower taxes promise to boost business profits. Lower tax rates may also encourage US-based multinational companies to bring their foreign earnings back to the United States. Republicans hope they'll use the money to build more factories and create more jobs. But history suggests they'll use much of any inflows to buy back their own shares. The more shares they buy, the fewer shares available to the public. This “shortage” of stocks helps drive share prices up. In 2017 alone companies have bought some $570 billion worth of their own stock, according to Goldman Sachs estimates, and this year they're expected to buy slightly more. The modest tax cuts for individuals could also boost economic growth and, in turn, the market.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Q: Is it a bubble?
Some say yes; others say not quite. In a paper on stock bubbles in 2017, two Harvard economists excluded any run-up that didn't surge at least 50 percent in two years. The current boom has lasted unusually long but its growth, while strong, has stayed well below that threshold. As booms go, its annualized rise has been lackluster.
Q: Will the boom keep going?
Market forecasters generally see gains continuing in the next year. Some expect a “melt-up,” in which a buying frenzy takes over, rather than a meltdown. Such a bullish consensus is often considered a danger signal. Also, expected interest-rate hikes in 2018 could be a headwind for stocks. And share prices are high by almost any measure, with a cyclically adjusted price-earnings ratio (created by economists Robert Shiller and John Campbell) of more than 30. Only twice before has the ratio of share prices to annual profits exceeded 30: in 1929 and during the dot-com boom of the late 1990s and early 2000s. Each peak was accompanied by plenty of fearful articles about rampant speculation and was followed by a crash. What's been different this time is the lack of press discussion about a bubble, Mr. Shiller wrote in a September piece for The New York Times. “That doesn't mean that there is no danger of a crash,” they said. “But at the moment, the psychological preconditions for a spiraling downturn don't appear to be in place.”
NEW YORK/WASHINGTON D.C. (Reuters) - The Indian diplomat whose arrest and strip-searching in New York caused a major rift between India and the United States was indicted for visa fraud on Thursday, and the U.S. government immediately asked them to leave the country.
India's Deputy Consul General in New York, Devyani Khobragade, attends a Rutgers University event at India's Consulate General in New York, June 19, 2013. REUTERS/Mohammed Jaffer/SnapsIndia
A U.S. government official said Washington accepted a request by India to accredit the diplomat, Devyani Khobragade, at the United Nations and then asked New Delhi to waive the diplomatic immunity that status conferred. India denied the request, leading Washington to ask for their departure, the official said.
In a letter accompanying their indictment on Thursday, the prosecutor in the case, U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara in Manhattan, initially said Khobragade had left the country.
Shortly afterwards, a spokesperson for Bharara said in a statement that they had not left.
A lawyer for Khobragade confirmed this.
“Despite Preet Bharara's reports to the contrary, Devyani Khobragade has not left the country,” Daniel Arshack, their lawyer, said in a statement. “She is at home with their children.”
There was no immediate comment from the Indian embassy in Washington or its mission to the United Nations.
Khobragade, who was deputy consul-general in New York, was arrested December 12 and charged with one count of visa fraud and another of making false statements about how much they paid their housekeeper.
Them arrest set off protests in India amid disclosures that they were strip searched on the day of their arrest. It also soured the broader U.S.-India bilateral relationship, leading to the postponement of two visits to India by senior U.S. officials and another by a U.S. business delegation.
Furious at Kobragade's treatment, India has curtailed privileges offered to U.S. diplomats and ordered the U.S. Embassy to close a club for expatriate Americans in New Delhi.
The arresting authority, the U.S. Marshals Service, characterized the strip search as a routine procedure imposed on any new arrestee.
UNDERLYING PROBLEMS
Khobragade's departure would remove the focus of current friction between New Delhi and Washington, but it is unclear how long it will take the anger to subside in the run up to national elections in India in May.
The case has exposed underlying problems in a bilateral relationship that has failed to live up to its billing by President Barack Obama in 2010 as “a defining partnership for the 21st Century.”
Critics accuse Obama of failing to pay sufficient attention to ties with a country viewed as a key strategic counterbalance to China and as an engine to boost the U.S. economy, while U.S. hopes of building a more robust business relationship with India have run into bureaucratic hurdles.
Frustration has grown among the U.S. corporate lobby. Indian sourcing rules for retail, information technology, medicine and clean energy products are contentious and U.S. firms complain about “unfair” imports from India of everything from shrimp to steel pipes. In June, more than 170 U.S. lawmakers signed a letter to Obama about Indian policies they said threatened U.S. jobs.
Daniel Markey, senior fellow for India, Pakistan and South Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations, said the Khobragade case made it appear the Obama administration had taken its eye off the ball on the relationship with India.
“The question is why this wasn't managed in a more sophisticated or subtle way, because things can be managed more effectively. This was always going to be an issue, but it could have been resolved more rapidly with less fanfare.”
Related Coverage U.S. prosecutors say Indian diplomat has not left country
Speaking at a seminar on Thursday, Ron Somers, president of the U.S.-India Business Council blamed “bumbling on both sides” for the Khobragade affair.
“We have to do some thinking on this side as to what has there been in the way of frustration that allowed this incident to provoke and spill over as it has,” they said.
“We really need now to be building trust and taking an introspective look at whether we really mean what we say when we talk about strategic partnership and how do we get there.”
Paris, 26 March 2015 — While presenting the Intelligence bill adopted during the 19 March 2015 Council of Ministers, the Prime Minister proudly asserted that it contained “legal means of action but neither exceptional means nor the generalised surveillance of citizens”!
While this bill does indeed legalise what were up to now secretive investigative methods, the guarantees given regarding the respect of our liberties are nothing more than a fallacious rhetorical mantra. Furthermore, the government is robbing the public of a proper debate in Parliament by fast-tracking the bill's review, claiming the draft legislation is the subject of a wide consensus.
“No measures of exception”: recording audio in private spaces, capturing images, accessing in real-time to Internet connexion data or installing communication recording devices in large areas of public space for dragnet surveillance (capturing everything and sorting it out later), such are the means which are not “measures of exception”. Should we then accept to see those means become the humdrum reality of daily life?
“No generalised surveillance of citizens”: under the pretext of a legitimate fight against terrorism, the bill creeps far beyond its mission. It states that special intelligence powers can be enacted to ensure, among others, “the prevention of collective violence, the nature of which can gravely compromise public order”. In the name of fighting terrorism, social protests movements could be targeted by this enhanced surveillance. All citizens will become the potential targets of such control, despite what is being said.
Worse, the scheme being in the hands of the executive powers, it bypasses any control by the judicial courts which is seriously detrimental to the individual liberties they are constitutionally responsible to protect.
The verification of compliance with the –exceptionally vague– standards used to implement these outrageous investigative powers, is entrusted to a board which follows an inverted logic: authorisations require a single commission member, except in case of an emergency, when none is necessary. But the absolute majority of commission members is necessary to recommend abstaining from using the investigative powers, though the executive powers remain free use them nonetheless. And if the commission remains silent, it is taken as a consent. Thus infringing on personal freedoms becomes the rule, protecting them an exception.
It is only after the fact, and only if the commission's filter was applied, that judicial appeals may be filed, exclusively before the French Council of the State (Conseil d'État). Furthermore, due to their confidential nature, the appeals will be examined without the right of reply. In any case, they will remain illusory as, by definition, the plaintiffs need to remain ignorant of the surveillance measures they are subjected to.
Lastly – a major flaw in the scheme – no limit is set to determine when and according to which criteria the legal status of an investigation can revert from an intelligence matter, conducted by an extraordinary administrative police force, to a common law judicial inquiry, with all the guarantees it brings to those targeted. Judicial courts could therefore be kept away from investigations regarding offenses and crimes even though they fall under their remits.
This bill creates a lasting and secretive system to control citizens and entrusts the executive powers with virtually unlimited use of it. As such, it is unacceptable. Only the real preemptive control of intelligence methods both proportionate and following strictly defined national security objectives can respect fundamental rights.
We call on all citizens and MPs to act in order to bring this bill to its only legitimate end: ensuring the intelligence and surveillance techniques framework respects the requirements of the rule of law.
When entering the job field and applying for a new career it can be challenging to show your background and experience to prospective employers. Even harder to convey to a new employer can be the expertise that your degree brings when it a lesser studied or less common degree such as Sociology. Here are some good tips to Sociology students when prospecting for a new job. Be sure to include your own experience in job hunts and interviews in the comments!
Addressing Your Degree
It is important for those who studied Sociology to explain in the interview what the study is and how it would be beneficial to the company. Usually in your resume, you can simply address how Sociology addresses both micro and macro level groups and is the study of all aspects of society. Every interaction within society can be applied and studied in a Sociological way. Consider Emile Durkheim's take on The Rules of Sociological Method. By studying human interaction and how people participate within a society in a scientific manner, it allowed Sociology to be adopted as a Social Science. A person with a sociology degree is a huge asset to a company because this person is going to be able to address and see a wide range of problems, be able to apply reason, quantify the data and come up with a unique way to solve the problem. That's applied Sociology!
Fields to Consider
When you have a sociology degree it is hard to decide where your degree should lead you. Of course social work and corrections are common places to use your degree, but there are other interesting less considered jobs that the degree is beneficial.
Insurance- What better place to apply Jeremy Bentham's theories of Utilitarianism than in an industry that focuses on covering bad things in people's lives with shared costs in premiums. Figuring out what should be covered and not, the severity of claims, etc are a good start for a sociologist.
Sales- Sociologists make excellent salesperson because they have the ability to read people. They understand that making people want to ‘keep up with the Jone's' is just another Social Norm and they are good at addressing that point.
Politics- Getting involved in politics is a great career path for a sociologist. Applying consideration to the masses and critical thinking are a huge part of quantifying data. This is perfect for a government job.
Management- Regardless of the career path you choose, management is always a place that a sociologist can wind up. You've studied everything about the Bourgeoisie and Proletariat in class conflicts with Karl Marx. Now apply that study to the true interactions of today. You can be that go between the owning class and the workers you manage
Obviously there are quite a few other opportunities for a Sociology Major. Perhaps you'd like to teach sociology and get to share and relive the first experience with sociology over and over again. Regardless of what you do, sociology is a great degree to have and is a degree that will help you land a job!
Where are you using your Sociology Degree now? What other industries can benefit from a sociological background? Let us know in the comments, on Facebook and on Twitter!
Advertisements
Anghus Houvouras on canon…
Movies are such an integral part of the creative experience. As children, when we're first introduced to the medium, we don't understand the complexities of cinema. We are simply awed by the amalgamation of vision and sound that brings us stories in a new and exciting way. It is the ultimate expression of the imagination. As kids we don't understand that the cinematic experience is also providing us with a framework and rules to the storytelling process. The structure and architecture of cinema is slowly and subtly woven into our consciousness. We learn the rules without ever knowing we're being taught.
I mention structure and framework because the cinematic experience is crafted in specific ways, even though these boundaries could be easily abandoned. We, the audience are willing to accept a certain amount of structure, coloring in the lines as it were, because we become accustomed to rhythms and cadence of cinema. Movies have a language, and learning it is part of the shared experience. What can be captured within that framework is fair game. The limitation of the world or story being created on film is only limited to the imagination of those making the film and those watching it.
I say ‘those watching it' because there are times when filmmakers allow for interpretation. Endings are left ambiguous and plot threads are left dangling which gives the viewer an opportunity to fill in the gaps with their own minds.
I've been thinking about this a lot lately; the concept of the audience imagination and how it factors into certain films. This little bit of cinematic philosophy was inspired by a twitter rant from some Star Wars fans were bummed that the classic Xbox Game Knights of the Old Republic was no longer considered canon.
Apparently right around the time Disney purchased Lucasfilm, glaring declarations were made de-canonizing Expanded Universe Star Wars stories like a Cardinal caught doing body shots at an Altar Boy convention. Beloved stories were wiped from the canonical slate rendering them meaningless. Is there an Expanded Universe character that you loved? Well guess what? They're dead now! Even worse. THEY NEVER EXISTED.
But why?
Why would Disney go on this wholesale slaughter of fictional characters? Why would they render so many crafted EU tales creatively inert?
More importantly, why would fans care?
The idea that a fictional universe can be controlled and mitigated by a corporation is kind of frightening. Especially when it comes to something like Knights of the Old Republic, a game that takes place in an era so far removed from the timeline of the Star Wars movies that invalidating it feels pointless.
What's even more pointless is the wholesale acceptance of these declarations. If you are a ludicrous Star Wars fans who read and absorbs all these Expanded Universe stories, why does this kind of strange, bureaucratic declaration hold any meaning?
Canon is an amusing notion in the world of geek culture, where iconic universes and characters are rebooted and retconned with marked regularity. The slate is cleaned, characters are recast, realities are decimated and rebuilt. Michael Keaton was once the Batman in a world where the Joker killed their parents. Then Joel Schumacher dipped Tim Burton's gothic nightmare into a bucket of neon and camp where they thought “Shouldn't Bruce Wayne be over the death of their parents already.” That reality was quickly abandoned for Christopher Nolan's interpretation of the Dark Knight. Then Zack Snyder took over and brought a fire hose of urine to piss on the whole thing.
None of those movies did anything to invalidate the earlier films, nor any of the thousands of stories that have appeared in various Batman comics since Bob Kane said “Hey, I like those drawings. Can I borrow them for a minute?” to Bill Finger.
Star Wars and Star Trek are two franchises with a deep and diverse Expanded Universes that have produced comic books, novels, video games, and animated series providing additional content for hungry fans. Does it really matter whether or not the story is declared part of the fictional canon or not? I can understand back when George Lucas was running the Star Wars universe. They had created and developed this world. A god-like figure to the fictional characters of a galaxy far, far away. If George Lucas declared something as not part of the fictional Star Wars world as they had intended, it kind of made sense. Like, if you were playing with your Star Wars action figures and decided to sneak in a couple of G.I. Joes into the Battle of Endor. At one time George Lucas would have been qualified to walk up in their flannel shirt and declare that there are no ninjas in the Star Wars galaxy, and that I couldn't have Snake Eyes chopping off Stormtrooper heads.
After they sold Lucasfilm to Disney, who is now qualified to make those decisions? Who is tasked with declaring which fictional character is or isn't part of this universe? When they die, is this power willed to someone or merely passed along to the next executive seated in the iron throne?
More importantly, why do you care? Is your imagination so limited that a passionless decree made inspired by a corporate mandate can erase what you believe to be true? Do you want Knights of the Old Republic to be canon in the Star Wars Universe? Congratulations, it is. Unless Disney decides to make a series of super early prequels that take place exactly 4000 years before A New Hope, I think you can consider Knights of the Old Republic canon.
In fact, I'm going to declare right now that all Expanded Universe stories are once again canon in the Star Wars Universe. Even the ones that wildly contradict everything else or would make no sense because of Episode VII. Is there something that can't be explained away it's either a clone, a sinister plot involving Darth Plagues the Wise, or one of those evil mirror universes. I KNOW. The Mirror Universe is a Star Trek thing, but it doesn't mean the Star Wars Universe doesn't have one too. There, problem solved.
You're welcome.
Anghus Houvouras
In an improving economy, Republicans greeted the bad news that gas prices are rising with unmitigated glee. They were quick to attack Obama and promise deliver $2.00/gallon gas. Their solution is the Keystone XL Pipeline, plus a retreat to the policy of Sarah Palin, aka Drill Baby Barbie. I trust you can guess want it is.
President Barack Obama said rising gasoline prices are a "painful reminder" of why the U.S. must develop alternative energy sources, and they criticized Republicans who they said were offering slogans rather than strategy.
Obama, in Miami promoting their administration's energy and economic policies as the Republican presidential candidates have ramped up attacks on them overprices at the pump, said the U.S. must go beyond focusing on domestic gas and oil exploration.
Without naming any of their Republican critics, Obama mocked "their three-point plans for $2 gas," which amounts to more drilling for oil on U.S. territory.
"Anyone who tells you we can drill our way out of this problem doesn't know what they're talking about — or isn't telling you the truth," Obama said at the University of Miami after touring an industrial machine lab at the school.
The rising cost of gasoline threatens to crimp consumer spending, which accounts for 70 percent of the U.S. economy, at a time the recovery is gaining strength. Economic concerns loom as the top issue in the November election… [emphasis added]
On May 20, 2015, Time magazine published a short article about a nasty kerfuffle that happened on Twitter. “Short article” is an understatement — it's a fluff filler item at best. However, the content is weighty enough that I feel moved to compose something of greater heft. I will explain this, but first you should read the Time article. It will take you all of three minutes:
Troll uses Twitter Ads to Spread Transphobic Message
The nearly faceless author of this piece (Kia Kokalitcheva) has no readily discernible political standpoint, so the piece looks like straight-up reporting and little more. Yet there lurks an unpleasant core of greater interest, from which we may extract a topical object lesson.
To recapitulate the article: an unknown person opened a Twitter account and pretended to be the Australian feminist Caitlin Roper. Under this false personna, the hoaxer tweeted calls for transgendered people to commit suicide, evidently wishing to character-assassinate Roper by making it appear that Roper was personally saying this.
Not very sporting, I must say! Personally, I don't hold with such methods.
Of particular interest is, that the hoaxer used “promoted tweets” – basically a system where you pay Twitter to signal-boost your tweets to a much larger public. For some reason, it took Twitter a while to discover the offensive nature of those promoted tweets, but when it did, it promptly suspended the account.
After this, two important things happened. First, Time published the above-linked news item. Second, shortly thereafter, a Twitter account called Conservative News (@BreakingNews) signal-boosted the Time article, also as a promoted tweet. (Which means, yes, for some reason they were paying to make the story better known.)
All of this leaves us with a few questions, and in order to address those I will make the Time article my focal point. That article contains the following highly significant paragraph:
“This isn't the first time that the victim of the impersonation, Caitlin Roper, had been targeted with fake accounts. She's also been attacked by men's rights groups, including A Voice For Men, for their political and philosophical views. However, it is not clear whether any of them were behind Tuesday's incident.”
This is where the plot thickens, and I think it is right to go “hmm” at the mention of AVFM. The emotionally-charged context of the entire article makes it just a tad suspicious that AVFM's name would pop up here, and we are entitled to wonder if a politically motivated targeting was intended.
The final sentence in the paragraph carefully puts the writer, and Time magazine itself, beyond the reach of legal action for defamation. The editors in their professional wisdom surely know how to play this game, and wouldn't let anything slip by that might compromise them.
Let's take a closer look at what the article is saying. We are first told that Caitlin Roper has been targeted by fake Twitter accounts in the past. We are next told that Roper has been “attacked” by “men's rights groups”, and that these “groups” included AVFM.
The nebulous phrase “men's rights groups” is a standard intellectual cop-out, since nobody is named and no evidence is given. By contrast, “AVFM” is a definable target. Mind you, AVFM is not a person, and only questionably a “group”. But a lot of people are loosely clustered around this website and benefit from its existence. Those people would now find themselves living under a smog of unwholesome imputations.
I was naturally curious to learn how AVFM had (allegedly) “attacked” Caitlin Roper, so I did a quick search. I found the following article by Dr. Greg Canning, from June 17, 2014:
http://www.avoiceformen.com/feminism/feminist-lies-feminism/caitlin-roper-professional-victim-amateur-man-hater/
It was an interesting, well-written piece. It pulled no punches, but it was in the best of journalistic traditions and I could discover no fault with it. Certainly, it did Caitlin Roper no favors — but when you make yourself a public figure you must expect scrutiny from that very same public whose lives you overshadow. This comes with the territory.
So what I'm saying is that AVFM's hands are entirely clean in this matter — certainly cleaner than Caitlin Roper's, to judge by Dr. Canning's article.
Additional detail on Caitlin Roper might be of interest. Roper has left the following tweet on Twitter:
A copy of my Twitter profile, offering sex to men on the internet. This is how far some men will go to silence women pic.twitter.com/6sCK1BA85S — Caitlin Roper (@caitlin_roper) October 27, 2014
While the action allegedly directed against them was reprehensible, I must note that they use a feminist linguistic ploy. When they say “this is how far some men will go to silence women”, they dishonestly conflated women as a plurality with women in the abstract. But Roper themselves is neither a plurality of women, nor women in the abstract.  They are a singular female person who cannot possibly fathom the motives of their unknown abuser. Hence, they cannot hope to know if this alleged “man” wants to silence “women”, or merely wants to silence Caitlin Roper.
So as we said earlier, AVFM's hands are clean . . . but when Kia Kokalitcheva places AVFM's name next to all of that unsavory stuff, it insinuates guilt by juxtaposition and creates a Pavlovian set-building effect.
For example, we know that AVFM published sharp words about Caitlin Roper, and we know that other people did far worse things. This obliquely hints at an affiliation between AVFM and those other people, even though no such thing is demonstrable. Did Kokalitcheva willfully try to create that impression? If so, was this done with the connivance of the Time editorial team? And is the political stance of either Kokalitcheva or the editors a feminist stance? I cannot say for sure, but I am certainly entitled to wonder.
At any rate, the Time article does AVFM an injury, as well as injuring (more indirectly) anyone speaks passionately for male human rights, or anyone (like the present writer) who speaks critically against feminism.
As for the @BreakingNews Twitter feed, we can't help wondering why they wanted to signal-boost the Time article in the first place. We find it intriguing that they would pay good money to make that specific item more famous, and we can't help wondering if there's an agenda behind this. Is there a pattern here, and will that pattern repeat itself? Is it officially a “thing” now, to allocate funds toward falsely narrativizing male human rights advocates ? Is it the wave of the future? I reckon time will tell, so all of this bears watching.
The story that we've shared in this article wouldn't be nearly so fraught if it didn't follow hard upon the fictional “men's rights boycott” of the new Mad Max movie.
Just think: a handful of people in the entire world said “Mad Max Fury Road is a feminist movie – don't see it!” You'd think this was nothing to get fussed about, wouldn't you? Yet thanks to that paltry wisp of evidence, self-appointed pundits of the feminist persuasion have announced that there is a big social movement afoot to not see Mad Max Fury Road. Furthermore, the story has spread everywhere, and people are sopping it up like uncritical sponges for no other reason than because they saw it in print. Efforts to set the record straight have so far met with limited success, and the woozles are proliferating.
But the fact remains that the men's rights boycott of Mad Max Fury Road does not, by any meaningful stretch, exist at all. Firstly, none of the people who bad-mouthed that movie were self-defined men's rights activists. Secondly, I happen to know a few people who do self-define as “men's rights activists”, and nary a one has said one bad word about Mad Max Fury Road. In truth, they were largely indifferent and hardly understood what all the fuss was about.
Yes, I see a pattern here. It seems that a lot of people will not hesitate to make up stories about reality that don't match reality at all. They will either proclaim those stories outright, insinuate them in some way, or conjure them by the clever use of “spin.”
The Mad Max Fury Road boycott hoax was sheer fabrication out of virtually nothing, directed against a poorly defined group. The Twitter troll episode, on the other hand, was oblique insinuation directed at a relatively well-defined group. Common to both cases, however, was imposed definition or false narrativization of a marginal community, by a group in power.
Are you thinking of Gamergate now? I certainly am, for that was another marginal community which got falsely narrativized and defined.
It seems that if you belong to the ruling establishment, you have the power not only to write history (like any other victor), but the power to define and narrativize both the culture as a whole, and any subculture that falls beneath your sway.
Such is the curse that presently falls upon us. Although feminism is a minority worldview, it is highly organized as a power structure and hegemonic within society. You will get along okay if you don't speak openly against it, but the minute you raise your voice — or merely proclaim yourself not a feminist — you can expect trouble. All manner of wildly untrue things will be said about you, and you will find yourself conflated with people, groups and ideas that you've barely even heard of.
False definition, false narrativization, and just brazenly making things up, is standard behavior from the feminist establishment and everybody who supports it. By all appearance they are ramping up this game, and what we see now is only the beginning. We are sailing into some dirty weather, so let's batten down the hatches.
This article is over 2 years old
Greta Friedman, whose photograph in Times Square came to symbolise end of second world war, had been suffering from pneumonia
Greta Friedman, the woman in white kissed by a sailor in New York's Times Square in a photograph symbolising the end of the second world war, has died aged 92.
Them son, Joshua Friedman, said they died on Thursday in Virginia after suffering a series of ailments, including pneumonia, NBC News reported.
CBS News said they would be laid to rest with their late husband, Mischa Elliot Friedman, at Arlington national cemetery in Virginia.
VE Day: our memories of the second world war and the day it ended Read more
Friedman, then a dental assistant on a break, was the woman in one of the most famous pictures of the 20th century, the moment Americans learned of the Japanese surrender on 14 August, 1945.
Photographer Alfred Eisenstaedt snapped a sailor in a dark uniform kissing Friedman with their arms around heras revellers in New York's Times Square celebrated the victory over Japan, or V-J Day.
“I did not see them approaching, and before I know it I was in this vice grip,” Friedman told CBS News in 2012. After the embrace, Friedman and the sailor, quartermaster George Mendonsa of Rhode Island, went their separate ways. Eisenstaedt's photo, “V-J Day in Times Square”, ran the following week in Life magazine.
The photographer recalled in their 1985 book Eisenstaedt on Eisenstaedt: A Self-Portrait that a sailor in Times Square was kissing women randomly. When they saw a flash of white, they took four shots in 10 seconds.
“If they [Friedman] had been dressed in a dark dress I would never have taken the picture. If the sailor had worn a white uniform, the same,” they said.
Mendonsa and Friedman were not identified until 1980 when Life asked the unknown pair to come forward. Mendonsa told CBS they and their future wife had been celebrating the end of the war when they began kissing women in the street.
In a 2005 interview with the Library of Congress Veterans History Project, the Austrian-born Friedman said they later designed dolls' clothes, worked in summer theatre and became a book restorer.
They moved to Frederick, Maryland, and graduated from Hood College in 1981, the same year their son and daughter graduated from university.
Friedman said of the photo: “It was a wonderful coincidence, a man in a sailor's uniform and a woman in a white dress ... and a great photographer at the right time.”
One of the new features in the Android O developer preview is Adaptive Icons. While it will be a long time before May of us will be in a position to specify minSdkVersion 26 , this is actually one of those feature that we can implement now and it will benefit users as and when they get Android O on their device, whilst having no impact on legacy users. Moreover there are some new icon creation tools in Android Studio 3.0 which actually make developers' lives a lot easier not only for creating Adaptive Icons, but also for creating legacy versions of those icons as well. In this article we'll take a look at these new tools.
There is already a good explanation of Adaptive Icons in the official documentation which give some explanations of why Adaptive Icons have been introduced, and hint at some of the ways that they will be used going forward. While the documentation already provides an explanation of the icon tools within Android Studio, it is these that we'll focus on to see how they can provide assistance even for legacy icons.
Before we continue it is worth pointing out that there a currently really big pain point with backwards compatibility which we'll get to at the end. I would therefore suggest a quick read through of this article to decide whether it is worth your while implementing these just yet.
As regular readers will be aware, the vast majority of articles on Styling Android are accompanied by a sample app which demonstrates the concepts being discussed. For these sample apps, I like to use an appropriate Styling Android launcher icon. We'll look at how I went about creating the new adaptive form of this icon.
The main concept of adaptive icons is that the foreground and background layers are separate. This enables the launcher to do some funky effects. While the launcher doesn't do anything yet, there may be some interesting stuff coming soon…
For the foreground of the adaptive icon I'm using a version of the Styling Android logo with a long shadow effect:
The bottom right edge looks weird but, don't worry, this won't be visible in the final icon.
Next we have the background. I found a royalty-free background image in a complementary colour to the predominant green of the foreground component:
To create the adaptive icon we right-click on the res folder in the project view in Android Studio, and select New | Image Asset :
This brings up the all new image creation tools:
The icon type dropdown enables us to specify different types of icon that we may want to create, including ActionBar and notification icons. We're interested in launcher icons so we'll stick with the default selection of “Launcher Icons (Adaptive and Legacy)”. Next we'll change the asset type to “Image” and select our foreground layer in the “Foreground Layer” tab:
We can see already that the odd ‘tail' on the long shadow is now outside the bounds of all of the icons which will be generated.
Next we need to switch to the “Background Layer” tab and add our background image:
Next we switch to the “Legacy” tab which allows us to control the legacy icon types which will be generated:
This is quite interesting because we can actually generate static legacy icons from our adaptive assets. That really simplifies the task of generating both square and round icons after round icons were introduced in Nougat 7.1. In this case I have no need for a Play Store icon (as I won't be publishing this app to the play store) so I have disabled it.
The final stage is a check of which output files will be generated. The files shown in red are those that already exist and will be overwritten:
The default ic_launcher.png and ic_launcher_round.png icons which were the default from the project creation are those that will be overwritten.
That's it. All of our assets have been generated. If we run this on a device running KitKat or earlier, or Android O preview, then everything is fine. Here is the icon on a KitKat device:
However, if we run it on a device running anything between Lollipop (API 21) and Nougat (API 25) the default system icon will be used. This is on a Nexus 9 running Nougat 7.1.1:
It's easy to see what the problem is using the APK analyser built in to Android Studio:
The contents of mipmap-anydpi-v21 are the cause. It is the <adaptive-icon>: assets which are being placed in this folder, yet only devices running Android O will actually recognise this format hence the failure on Lollipop to Nougat. This fix will be to change this folder to mipmap-anydpi-v26 .
I have raised an issue, so hopefully this will be fixed soon.
So, aside from this one bug in the build tools, the new icon tools are really useful and should make life much easier.
The source code for this article is available here.
© 2017, Mark Allison. All rights reserved.
Related
Copyright © 2017 Styling Android. All Rights Reserved.
Information about how to reuse or republish this work may be available at http://blog.stylingandroid.com/license-information.
WASHINGTON—Three days of hearings, seven cabinet nominees, countless contradictions of their boss-to-be's trail promises. No two people are going to agree on everything, of course. But there was a noticeable trend during this past week of Senate confirmation hearings for Donald Trump's top picks to lead the federal government: Almost every single one of them directly conflicted Trump's promises on the campaign trail at least once—and some did it several times—on everything from Russia to climate change.
Three days of hearing and countless contradictions between Donald Trump and their cabinet picks. ( BRYAN R. SMITH / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
“The discordant notes that cabinet nominees have struck as they have been questioned by senators suggests that a reality check may lie ahead for Trump,” writes The Post's Karen Tumulty. (Trump themselves didn't seem to notice—or care. Here's what they tweeted early Friday morning, following several news stories highlighting the contradictions): “All of my Cabinet nominee are looking good and doing a great job. I want them to be themselves and express their own thoughts, not mine!” Here are 10 of the most notable breaks between Trump and their potential cabinet:
Article Continued Below
1. On investigating Hillary Clinton Sen. Jeff Sessions, R-Ala., Trump's pick to be attorney general: “We can never have a political dispute turn into a criminal dispute.” Trump: This one comes with asterisk; Sessions disagrees with Trail Trump, but since Election Day, so does the president-elect himself. Still, Trump repeatedly vowed they would appoint a special prosecutor to look into Clinton's use of a private email server while secretary of state. Their more recent comments suggest otherwise—and so does their attorney general nominee. In a tweet Friday, Trump called Clinton “guilty as hell.” 2. On trade Rex Tillerson, Trump's pick to be secretary of state: “I do not oppose TPP. I share some of [the president-elect] Trump's views regarding whether the agreement that was negotiated serves all of America's interests the best.”
Trump: “Withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, which has not yet been ratified” is the first step in their 7-point plan to “rebuild the American economy by fighting for free trade.” 3. On climate change
Article Continued Below
Tillerson: “The risk of climate change does exist and the consequences of it could be serious enough that actions should be taken.” Trump: Trump recently allowed human activity could be playing a role in climate change, but they have a long record of calling it “a hoax” and even “b---.” 4. On Mexicans Tillerson, in response to whether they think “Mexicans are criminals, drug dealers and rapists”: “I would never characterize an entire population by any single term at all.” Trump: Trump actually used several terms—including, specifically, the ones above that Tillerson shied away from: “When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best ...” they famously said. “They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.” 5. On Russia's geopolitical priorities Retired Marine Gen. John Mattis, Trump's pick to be secretary of defence: Russia is “trying to break” the NATO Alliance. Trump: Trump has repeatedly signalled their respect for Russian priorities, dismissing U.S. intelligence officials' conclusion its leaders authorized meddling in the 2016 election and downplaying its military action in neighbouring states. (This summer, Trump insisted Russian President Vladimir Putin was not going into Ukraine, despite the fact Russia had annexed Crimea from Ukraine in 2014.) 6. On whether Russia was responsible for hacking Rep. Mike Pompeo, R-Kan., Trump's pick to head the CIA: “It's pretty clear about what took place about Russian involvement in efforts to hack information.” Sessions, on intelligence findings about Russian interference: “I have no reason to doubt that and have no evidence that would indicate otherwise.” Trump: Wednesday was the first time they conceded briefly that Russia was most likely behind the hacks into the Democratic Party emails. They have yet to recognize who ordered it or why they did it. 7. On how big a deal Russian hacking was (and how the United States should respond) Pompeo, on the U.S. response to Russian hacking: “It's going to require an incredibly robust American response.” Trump has tried to downplay the hacking: “Hacking's bad, and it shouldn't be done. But look at the things that were hacked, look at what was learned from that hacking,” they said in their news conference Wednesday. 8. On a border wall Retired Marine Gen. John Kelly, Trump's pick to lead the Department of Homeland Security: “A physical barrier in and of itself ... will not do the job.” Trump: He's gung-ho about that wall. 9. On torture Kelly: “I don't think we should ever come close to crossing a line that is beyond what we as Americans would expect to follow in terms of interrogation techniques.” Mattis, when asked if they would carry out a hypothetical order by Trump to bring back waterboarding, which Congress attempted to make illegal in 2015: “Absolutely not.” Trump: “Torture works,” they said during the campaign. 10. On infrastructure spending Elaine Chao, Trump's pick to be secretary of transportation: “The government does not have the resources to address all the infrastructure needs within our country.” Trump: They want to spend $1 trillion over the next decade to rebuild America's roads, bridges and transportation systems and to boost the economy. MORE ON THESTAR.COM Trump's cabinet picks continue directly contradicting them
Read more about:
In a victory for Uber, a federal court says drivers for the most part must resolve claims against the company individually, meaning they will have less leverage
In a victory for Uber, a federal appeals court says drivers for the most part have to resolve claims against the company individually and not through a class-action lawsuit.
The ruling by the ninth US circuit court of appeals on Wednesday came in a lawsuit by Uber drivers over the company's background checks.
But it also affects drivers in a separate suit who accuse the ride-hailing service of exploiting them by treating them as independent contractors instead of employees. That's because the arbitration clause the ruling upheld also applies to the vast majority of the roughly 380,000 drivers in that lawsuit.
Those drivers will now have less leverage against Uber as they pursue claims individually through arbitration instead of as a group through a class-action suit.
Uber v drivers: judge rejects 'unfair' settlement in US class action lawsuit Read more
Shannon Liss-Riordan, the plaintiff's attorney, said on Wednesday that the decision was “not good for the class”, adding that it “endorsed Uber's attempt to use its arbitration agreement to avoid a systemic challenge to its classification of drivers as employees through a global class action”.
But, they added, the fight was not over and there were still legal avenues that would be pursued.
Clara Heyworth when they ran over Clara Heyworth on Vanderbilt Avenue, or that they were not legally allowed behind the wheel of a car. But in declining to sentence Webb to even 15 days in jail, Heyworth's husband believes the judge was sending a message about the DA's failure to bring serious criminal charges against Webb.
"During the very brief trial the judge made a number of comments criticizing the DA's office for not bringing more serious charges and reducing it to a violation," says Jacob Stevens, who was with Heyworth when they were killed. You may recall that an officer from the 88th Precinct smelled alcohol on Webb's breath and administered a roadside breath test about an hour after the accident. It registered a reading of .07, and although .08 is the legal limit for a DUI in New York, the test was administered after an hour had passed, and would have been enough to prosecute.
Webb was at first slapped with number of charges, including operating a motor vehicle while intoxicated, reckless driving, and operation of a motor vehicle by an unlicensed driver. The Brooklyn DA initially planned to charge Webb with vehicular manslaughter, a felony. But the case quickly fell apart, in part because the breath test unit the 88th Precinct carries around needs to be calibrated on a regular basis to be admissible in court, and this unit had not been calibrated since 2007. Also in part because the NYPD's Accident Investigation Squad appears to have done a sloppy job.
Jacob Stevens and their late wife Clara Heyworth. (Courtesy Jacob Stevens)
According to Stevens, during the hearing Brooklyn Criminal Court Judge Desmond Green said "he had tried cases before where the portable breath test wasn't admissible but where they used other elements instead. The judge said they were ready to hear the trial, and made pains to say that it wasn't their decision, it was the DA. It was pretty clear that the judge was frustrated by the failure to press more serious charges in this case. It's a travesty that these more serious charges won't be heard in criminal court."
Although Webb may be off the hook there, they still face a civil lawsuit filed by Stevens, who is also suing the NYPD for conducting an allegedly sloppy investigation in the wake of their wife's death. "If the defendant had observed terms of license and not driven that day, my wife would still be alive," Stevens tells us. "I had hoped judge would use their discretion and implement jail time, but I think it was a way for them to say that the driver should have been tried for being drunk." The Brooklyn DA's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
AustLII is Australia's most popular free-access online public library for Australian legal information, receiving hundreds of thousands of hits per day. AustLII relies on the generosity of its donors to operate. Thank you for making a contribution.
Please complete the form below (required fields marked *) or use the PDF version
Contact Information Title First Name * Last Name * Position Organisation ABN Address 1 * Address 2 State * Postcode * Country * Email Phone Fax Home Phone *
AustLII publicly acknowledges all contributions unless requested not to do so. Contributions are tax deductible. AustLII organises training sessions on the use of AustLII and launches new databases and features regularly.
Please contact AustLII's Development Manager, Richard Hunter on +612 9514 4930 or richard@austlii.edu.au for more information.
Contribution Amount * AUD $10,000 AUD $5,000 AUD $2,500 AUD $1,000 AUD $500 Other amount AUD $ Please list my contribution under: * Organisation Name, or Individual Name, or Acknowledge this contribution as an anonymous contribution.
Payment Methods Method * Invoice (An invoice will be sent to the above address or email) Cheque (Payable to AustLII Foundation Limited (ABN 41 134 717 972)) Online Contribution (All credit card details are handled by ANZ eGate) Bequest Please tick if you would like to be contacted about making a bequest to the AustLII Foundation Limited
Are you human? 9 + 3 = *
Thank you for supporting AustLII. Your contribution helps us to continue providing free access to legal information online.
Privacy: AustLII will only use your personal details for the purpose of your contributions to AustLII and managing our relationship with you. Provision of personal information is voluntary. You may access or correct this information by contacting AustLII as above.
The unidentified man on the left reacts after being caught touching themselves on a New York City subway train in video posted on Aug. 15, 2016. (Facebook)
A New York City woman has amassed widespread attention after posting video of themselves berating a man apparently touching themselves on a subway train, Attn reported.
Deanna G. Carter's video opens with them filming the unidentified man, who is seen wearing a hat and sunglasses with a backpack on their lap.
“What are you doing?” they ask. “What are you doing, rubbing your d*ck? What the f*ck are you doing?”
The man doesn't deny the allegation, prompting Carter to order them to stop.
“Do it again and I'm gonna get up out this chair and I'm gonna bust your f*cking ass on this train,” they say. “We understand each other? Do we f*cking understand each other?”
The man nods silently in the affirmative and clutches their bag, but Carter continues to slam him.
“I'm in one of those moods — I will f*ck you up on this train,” they say, before ordering them to “get the f*ck off” at the next stop. Seconds later, they get up and follows them orders.
“Sitting here rubbing on your penis. Are you serious?” they ask.
The video has garnered more than 1 million views since Carter posted it to their Facebook account on Monday, and has been shared nearly 20,000 times.
“They were moving away and they were trying to get their train porn on,” one commenter wrote in support of Carter. “Little did they know …. Not on Lt. Deanna's watch.”
Attn noted that, according to a worldwide study conducted last year by the anti-street harassment advocacy group Hollaback, 82 percent of female respondents in other countries said they changed their travel patterns in their home cities because of harassment.
Watch the footage of Carter confronting the man on the subway, as posted on their Facebook page, below.
ATTACKING midfielder Rocky Visconte will join Western Sydney Wanderers on a short-term deal after being released by Brisbane Roar.
Adelaide-born Visconte, whose Roar contract was due to expire at the end of the season, is in Sydney undergoing a medical, with an official announcement about their move to Wanderers imminent.
"I can confirm Rocky is here with us, and we hope to sign them on a short-term contract until the end of the season," said Wanderers chairperson Lyall Gorman.
Visconte scored two goals in their 24 appearances for the Roar, but was only a starter in seven matches.
Having joined Brisbane in 2010 from Scottish club Hearts, the Australian under-23 international has never enjoyed regular first-team football at the Roar and is yet to make an A-League appearance this season.
"At this stage of their career Rocky needs to play first-team football and they were not likely to figure in our first team plans," Roar coach Mike Mulvey said in a club statement.
"Rocky has worked hard at training since I arrived at the club and we wish them the best of luck for the future.
"These decisions are never taken lightly, but we felt it was the right thing to do at this point in time."
The left-winger is likely to challenge Mark Bridge to play on the left of Tony Popovic's preferred 4-3-3 formation.
Meanwhile Newcastle have been rocked by a knee injury to Ruben Zadkovich, with the club saying the in-form midfielder will see a doctor today to ascertain its seriousness.
Zadkovich sustained the injury at training
Originally published as Visconte leaves Roar for Wanderers
Millions of commuters were forced to find alternate means of transportation on Monday morning as London's subway network came to a screeching halt.
Union workers for the city's rail system, known as the "Tube," kicked off a week of travel strikes that could spread across the country, affecting both train and air passengers. The London Underground strike by staff in the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers unionand the Transport Salaried Staffs' Association is the latest move in a dispute over staffing levels and the recent closure of ticket offices.
John Leach, RMT London regional organizer, told the BBC Radio 4's Today program that the cause of the 24-hour strike was Transport for London (TfL) closing a number of station control rooms and laying off 834 workers, changes that had led to safety concerns about overcrowding at Tube stations.
"This action has been forced on us by savage cuts to jobs that have reduced London Underground to an under-staffed death trap at a time of heightened security and safety alert," said RMT General Secretary Mick Cash in a statement. "RMT members will not stand idly by while they see day in and day out the safety regime on the tube being slashed to ribbons."
TfL said it agreed that more staff were needed in stations, and it had already started recruiting 200 extra workers. But representatives for the unions argued that 200 was not enough.
As subway cars stood at a standstill on Monday morning, millions of displaced Londoners took to the street to walk, drive, bicycle, Uber, and wait in line for overcrowded buses. During rush hour, many major roads in the city were gridlocked, according to reports.
"I'm giving up on even trying," said software developer Rajiv Perseedoss, whose commute was disrupted by the strike, to Reuters. "I'm not a Tube worker, I don't know about their conditions, but whatever it is, they can't take it out on everybody."
The action was criticized by London Mayor Sadiq Khan, who described the strike as "totally unnecessary."
Ending the strike, Mr. Cash of RMT said, is the responsibility of Mr. Khan and other government officials.
"The solution is in the hands of the Mayor and ‎his officials," Cash said, noting that the union was available for further talks. "They need to come up with serious and urgent plans designed to address the core issues at the heart of this dispute and a schedule for staffing back up on the stations to a level our reps believe is safe and sustainable."
Some Conservative lawmakers have called for the government to implement new laws to curb strikes. Such demonstrations, they say, cost millions of pounds and hurt the city's reputation as a major economic and financial powerhouse.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
"At a time when the government is doing everything it can to show Britain is open for business post Brexit, a resurgence in union activity doesn't help that message," lawmaker Tim Loughton told the Telegraph.
This report includes material from the Associated Press and Reuters.
Mayor John Tory is defending plans for a one-stop subway in Scarborough despite the city's lead transit consultant publicly raising concerns the cost has still not been justified. “The chief planner has brought forward a plan that will deliver significantly more transit to more people in Scarborough. The plan is based on data, evidence and good planning principles,” Tory's office said in a statement to the Star on Monday. “It also has the support of a significant number on city council. Now, it's time to get on with actually building it. Once council approves, that's exactly what we will do.”
The new transit plan for Scarborough, observers say, is a more than $2 billion political compromise that allows Mayor John Tory and other Scarborough politicians to keep their promise of building a subway while freeing up funds to build more transit east along Eglinton Ave. E. ( Marcus Oleniuk / Toronto Star )
Tory's defence of that plan comes after University of Toronto professor Eric Miller, who was hired by the city to crunch the numbers related to Tory's own heavy rail SmartTrack plan and its impact on projects like the Scarborough subway, told the Star the subway does not contribute to a future transit network. Chief planner Jennifer Keesmaat, who did not respond to requests for comment on Monday, first proposed a one-stop subway extension on the Bloor-Danforth line to Scarborough's City Centre in January, saying reducing the stops on a controversial three-stop subway plan would allow a 17-stop LRT to be built at the same estimated $3.56 billion. The new plan, observers say, is a more than $2 billion political compromise that allows Tory and other Scarborough politicians to keep their promise of building a subway while freeing up funds to build more transit east along Eglinton Ave. East.
Article Continued Below
Though further study of a one-stop option has yet to be released, Miller said over the weekend there is currently little justification for a subway of any number of stops. “At the end of the day it might still be the case, for example, that a (three)-stop or a (one)-stop subway is the best thing we can do under the circumstances,” they said. “But that case certainly has not yet been made.” A report to executive committee debated last week outlined the number of people who might have ridden a three-stop subway if the service was increased along the Stouffville GO lines and new stations built — work lead by Miller. Even with the best case ridership — 14,000 riders travelling at the busiest time in the busiest direction without any SmartTrack service in place — Miller said a three-stop subway “might” have been justified, depending on cost and other considerations. The projection of riders on a one-stop subway is not yet known. A report is expected in June. That work is now being done by the city's planning department, under Keesmaat's direction. But Keesmaat, who has pitched the need for a one-stop subway as an “optimized” solution to connect Scarborough City Centre, earlier said they expect ridership on a one-stop extension to be lower than the three-stop plan.
“Obviously as ridership gets lower and lower the need for subway technology becomes more and more difficult to justify,” Miller said. They said there is no “magic number” to justify a subway and that the decision should be based on the benefits of a subway compared to any alternatives — work Miller says is not currently being done.
Article Continued Below
“A big part of the problem we have with the (Scarborough subway extension) is that we seem to keep making decisions without doing this comparative analysis.” Council, under the leadership of former mayor Rob Ford, originally backed the three-stop subway plan, cancelling a seven-stop LRT that was fully funded by the province. In this term of council, Miller said an LRT to Scarborough City Centre has not been modeled. Cherise Burda, executive director of Ryerson University's City Building Institute, said Miller is not alone in their concerns but they significant coming from him. “We all know that the one-stop is a political compromise. I don't think there's anybody who thinks otherwise,” Burda said. “It's never been a debate on evidence until recently. We're getting closer to evidence, but we've still been dealing with compromises along the way.” University of Toronto Scarborough human geography professor Andre Sorensen — who earlier co-authored a study that questioned a three-stop subway extension — said the priority should be east-west corridors, including an LRT along Eglinton Ave. East and Sheppard Ave. “The subway extension to Scarborough Town Centre is less important than either of these,” Sorensen said, adding SmartTrack has the potential to provide subway-like service to Scarborough if trains came every five minutes and cost as much as riding the TTC. Sorensen said it is possible to make a case for the subway, which Tory and Keesmaat are trying to do. They said a rapid transit connection to Scarborough Town Centre is needed for those who already travel from that point and with potential for redevelopment of that area. “The city has looked at it in the past, very carefully, and agreed that an LRT would be the best option,” they said.
Read more about:
Yangon, Myanmar: Navy ships from two countries scoured South-East Asian waters Friday for boats believed to be carrying thousands of migrants with little food or water, and a top U.S. diplomat said Myanmar needs to shoulder some responsibility for the crisis. That's something it has been reluctant to do.
U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Anthony Blinken said Rohingya Muslims fleeing the predominantly Buddhist nation are risking perilous journeys and putting their lives in the hands of human traffickers because "they are in despair and don't see a future" at home.
They have been denied citizenship and chased off their own land. They have little access to education or adequate medical care and cannot move around freely.
"The root of the problem for those leaving Myanmar is the political and social situation on the ground," Blinken told reporters at a news conference in Yangon wrapping up their Southeast Asia tour.
"Even as we tackle the immediate humanitarian emergency - that is literally to save and rescue people, bring them back to land, get them the care that they need and treat them appropriately - we also have to get at the underlying conditions."
They said they made that point when they met with President Thein Sein, the army commander-in-chief and other top officials.
Southeast Asia is grappling with a humanitarian crisis of monumental proportions.
Fearing arrests after a crackdown on human trafficking networks in the region, captains earlier this month started abandoning boats that were packed with Rohingya Muslims fleeing persecution and Bangladeshis escaping poverty.
More than 3,600 migrants have washed ashore in Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand since May 10, and thousands more are believed to be trapped at sea. The United Nations has warned that time is running out to save them.
Governments have been reluctant to help, worried that accepting even a few refugees would open the floodgates for more. In recent days, several navies pushed back boats packed with desperate and starving men, women and children.
The first breakthrough came Wednesday, when Indonesia and Malaysia said they were willing to shelter new arrivals as long as the international community promised to help resettle them to third countries within a year.
And in the first official rescue operation, four Malaysian navy ships were searching for boats on Friday, said navy chief Abdul Aziz Jaafar. They said three helicopters and three other ships were on standby.
Myanmar's navy found two fishing trawlers filled with 208 men during a patrol off Rakhine state, the main point of departure for fleeing Rohingya.
Zaw Htay, director of the presidential office, said Friday the men were identified as Bangladeshi and would be sent to the neighboring country.
Rohingya, numbering at around 1.3 million, have been identified by the United Nations as one of the most persecuted minorities in the world.
After Myanmar moved from dictatorship toward democracy in 2011, newfound freedoms of expression gave voice to Buddhist extremists who spewed hatred against the religious minority and said Muslims were taking over the country. Attacks that followed left up to 280 people dead. Another 140,000 Rohingya were driven from their homes and are now living under apartheid-like conditions in crowded displacement camps.
The government refuses to recognize them, regarding them as illegal migrants from Bangladesh, even though many have lived in Myanmar for generations.
It has expressed skepticism that those fleeing are actually from Myanmar and insists it is not to blame for the current crisis.
After initially saying it might boycott a meeting next week in Thailand to address the problem, it agreed Thursday to attend, saying the invitation letter did not use the term Rohingya and did not say that Myanmar was solely to blame.
Those were the conditions the government had set.
"We are ready to cooperate with other governments to resolve the ongoing problems through constructive engagement and on humanitarian grounds," Zaw Htay said.
The United States, which initially insisted it was a regional problem, has in recent days also become involved.
It is preparing to send "maritime aviation patrols throughout the region," Pentagon spokesperson Lt. Col. Jeffrey Pool said Thursday, adding that the Department of Defense "is responding to this crisis and taking this seriously."
Washington has been urging governments in the region to cooperate on search and rescue operations and sheltering the migrants.
___
Gecker reported from Bangkok. Associated Press writers Aye Aye Win in Yangon, Ali Kotarumalos in Jakarta, Indonesia, Eileen Ng in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, Martha Mendoza in Santa Cruz, California, and Matthew Pennington in Washington, DC, contributed to this report.
Wind, water and sun beat other energy alternatives, study finds
LM Glasfiber Wind power is the most promising alternative source of energy, according to Mark Jacobson.
The best ways to improve energy security, mitigate global warming and reduce the number of deaths caused by air pollution are blowing in the wind and rippling in the water, not growing on prairies or glowing inside nuclear power plants, says Mark Z. Jacobson, a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Stanford.
And "clean coal," which involves capturing carbon emissions and sequestering them in the earth, is not clean at all, they assert.
Jacobson has conducted the first quantitative, scientific evaluation of the proposed, major, energy-related solutions by assessing not only their potential for delivering energy for electricity and vehicles, but also their impacts on global warming, human health, energy security, water supply, space requirements, wildlife, water pollution, reliability and sustainability. Their findings indicate that the options that are getting the most attention are between 25 to 1,000 times more polluting than the best available options. The paper with their findings will be published in the next issue of Energy and Environmental Science but is available online now. Jacobson is also director of the Atmosphere/Energy Program at Stanford.
"The energy alternatives that are good are not the ones that people have been talking about the most. And some options that have been proposed are just downright awful," Jacobson said. "Ethanol-based biofuels will actually cause more harm to human health, wildlife, water supply and land use than current fossil fuels." They added that ethanol may also emit more global-warming pollutants than fossil fuels, according to the latest scientific studies.
The raw energy sources that Jacobson found to be the most promising are, in order, wind, concentrated solar (the use of mirrors to heat a fluid), geothermal, tidal, solar photovoltaics (rooftop solar panels), wave and hydroelectric. They recommend against nuclear, coal with carbon capture and sequestration, corn ethanol and cellulosic ethanol, which is made of prairie grass. In fact, they found cellulosic ethanol was worse than corn ethanol because it results in more air pollution, requires more land to produce and causes more damage to wildlife.
To place the various alternatives on an equal footing, Jacobson first made their comparisons among the energy sources by calculating the impacts as if each alternative alone were used to power all the vehicles in the United States, assuming only "new-technology" vehicles were being used. Such vehicles include battery electric vehicles (BEVs), hydrogen fuel cell vehicles (HFCVs), and "flex-fuel" vehicles that could run on a high blend of ethanol called E85.
Wind was by far the most promising, Jacobson said, owing to a better-than 99 percent reduction in carbon and air pollution emissions; the consumption of less than 3 square kilometers of land for the turbine footprints to run the entire U.S. vehicle fleet (given the fleet is composed of battery-electric vehicles); the saving of about 15,000 lives per year from premature air-pollution-related deaths from vehicle exhaust in the United States; and virtually no water consumption. By contrast, corn and cellulosic ethanol will continue to cause more than 15,000 air pollution-related deaths in the country per year, Jacobson asserted.
Because the wind turbines would require a modest amount of spacing between them to allow room for the blades to spin, wind farms would occupy about 0.5 percent of all U.S. land, but this amount is more than 30 times less than that required for growing corn or grasses for ethanol. Land between turbines on wind farms would be simultaneously available as farmland or pasture or could be left as open space.
Indeed, a battery-powered U.S. vehicle fleet could be charged by 73,000 to 144,000 5-megawatt wind turbines, fewer than the 300,000 airplanes the U.S. produced during World War II and far easier to build. Additional turbines could provide electricity for other energy needs.
"There is a lot of talk among politicians that we need a massive jobs program to pull the economy out of the current recession," Jacobson said. "Well, putting people to work building wind turbines, solar plants, geothermal plants, electric vehicles and transmission lines would not only create jobs but would also reduce costs due to health care, crop damage and climate damage from current vehicle and electric power pollution, as well as provide the world with a truly unlimited supply of clean power."
Jacobson said that while some people are under the impression that wind and wave power are too variable to provide steady amounts of electricity, their research group has already shown in previous research that by properly coordinating the energy output from wind farms in different locations, the potential problem with variability can be overcome and a steady supply of baseline power delivered to users.
Jacobson's research is particularly timely in light of the growing push to develop biofuels, which they calculated to be the worst of the available alternatives. In their effort to obtain a federal bailout, the Big Three Detroit automakers are increasingly touting their efforts and programs in the biofuels realm, and federal research dollars have been supporting a growing number of biofuel-research efforts.
"That is exactly the wrong place to be spending our money. Biofuels are the most damaging choice we could make in our efforts to move away from using fossil fuels," Jacobson said. "We should be spending to promote energy technologies that cause significant reductions in carbon emissions and air-pollution mortality, not technologies that have either marginal benefits or no benefits at all".
"Obviously, wind alone isn't the solution," Jacobson said. "It's got to be a package deal, with energy also being produced by other sources such as solar, tidal, wave and geothermal power."
During the recent presidential campaign, nuclear power and clean coal were often touted as energy solutions that should be pursued, but nuclear power and coal with carbon capture and sequestration were Jacobson's lowest-ranked choices after biofuels. "Coal with carbon sequestration emits 60- to 110-times more carbon and air pollution than wind energy, and nuclear emits about 25-times more carbon and air pollution than wind energy," Jacobson said. Although carbon-capture equipment reduces 85-90 percent of the carbon exhaust from a coal-fired power plant, it has no impact on the carbon resulting from the mining or transport of the coal or on the exhaust of other air pollutants. In fact, because carbon capture requires a roughly 25-percent increase in energy from the coal plant, about 25 percent more coal is needed, increasing mountaintop removal and increasing non-carbon air pollution from power plants, they said.
Nuclear power poses other risks. Jacobson said it is likely that if the United States were to move more heavily into nuclear power, then other nations would demand to be able to use that option.
"Once you have a nuclear energy facility, it's straightforward to start refining uranium in that facility, which is what Iran is doing and Venezuela is planning to do," Jacobson said. "The potential for terrorists to obtain a nuclear weapon or for states to develop nuclear weapons that could be used in limited regional wars will certainly increase with an increase in the number of nuclear energy facilities worldwide." Jacobson calculated that if one small nuclear bomb exploded, the carbon emissions from the burning of a large city would be modest, but the death rate for one such event would be twice as large as the current vehicle air pollution death rate summed over 30 years.
Finally, both coal and nuclear energy plants take much longer to plan, permit and construct than do most of the other new energy sources that Jacobson's study recommends. The result would be even more emissions from existing nuclear and coal power sources as people continue to use comparatively "dirty" electricity while waiting for the new energy sources to come online, Jacobson said.
Jacobson received no funding from any interest group, company or government agency.
Energy and vehicle options, from best to worst, according to Jacobson's calculations:
Best to the worst electric power sources:
1. Wind power 2. concentrated solar power (CSP) 3. geothermal power 4. tidal power 5. solar photovoltaics (PV) 6. wave power 7. hydroelectric power 8. a tie between nuclear power and coal with carbon capture and sequestration (CCS).
Best to the worst vehicle options:
1. Wind-BEVs (battery electric vehicles) 2. wind-HFCVs (hydrogen fuel cell vehicles) 3.CSP-BEVs 4. geothermal-BEVs 5. tidal-BEVs 6. solar PV-BEVs 7. Wave-BEVs 8.hydroelectric-BEVs 9. a tie between nuclear-BEVs and coal-CCS-BEVs 11. corn-E85 12.cellulosic-E85.
Hydrogen fuel cell vehicles were examined only when powered by wind energy, but they could be combined with other electric power sources. Although HFCVs require about three times more energy than do BEVs (BEVs are very efficient), HFCVs are still very clean and more efficient than pure gasoline, and wind-HFCVs still resulted in the second-highest overall ranking. HFCVs have an advantage in that they can be refueled faster than can BEVs (although BEV charging is getting faster). Thus, HFCVs may be useful for long trips (more than 250 miles) while BEVs more useful for trips less than 250 miles. An ideal combination may be a BEV-HFCV hybrid.
A neighborhood task force approved plans for a high-rise apartment tower that would replace the Nye's Polonaise Room in Minneapolis despite the objections of its neighbor, a historic church on the same block.
The latest plans call for 189 rental apartments in a 30-story tower that would sit atop one level of underground parking, five levels of above-grade parking and ground-floor retail space.
"We think this is the best plan for the site," said Maureen Michalski, senior project manager for Schafer Richardson.
Two of the most historic Nye's buildings would be preserved and the other two demolished. The oldest building on the site, the three-story "Harness Shop" building at 116 E. Hennepin Av., was built in 1905 and would be moved about 30 feet to the west and would abut a building at 112 E. Hennepin. A portion of the Harness Shop building would be demolished.
The developers of the project include longtime Twin Cities-based Schafer Richardson and restaurant owners Rob and Tony Jacob, who have owned the property for several decades and say the buildings are in disrepair and too expensive to rehabilitate.
Dale Herron, a representative from the adjacent Our Lady of Lourdes Catholic Church, expressed concerns about its impact on the structure of the limestone church.
Rendering of proposed 30-story tower. A historic church in the neighborhood has expressed concerns about blocked sight lines.
"We have a strong desire not to see this go forward in its present form," Herron said. "We're not against development on the site, but we simply do not think this fits the needs of the neighborhood."
In a memo to parishioners this weekend, church leaders also expressed concerns about shadowing and blocked sightlines from parts of the neighborhood.
Seven members of the volunteer task force, which is charged with making a recommendation to the neighborhood association, voted in favor of the plan and two were opposed.
Some in attendance praised the project for its scale and scope. Victor Grambsch, president of the Nicollet Island East Bank Neighborhood Association (NIEBNA), said the group has advocated for high-density developments that would bring additional retail and hundreds of new residents to the neighborhood. Last year, the group turned away several developers who proposed low-rise mixed-use buildings for a two-block site near Nye's, but recently gave the thumbs-up for a glass and concrete apartment tower with retail and restaurants.
The four-building site is within the St. Anthony Falls Historic District just across the river from downtown, and will be reviewed by NIEBNA and the Heritage Preservation Commission before it moves through the city approval ­process.
The tower is at least the third proposal for the neighborhood.
