A couple of notes from around the boxing world:
• The IBF ordered a final welterweight eliminator to produce the mandatory challenger for Kell Brook between Timothy Bradley Jr. and Amir Khan. However, according to the IBF, Khan declined to participate. Instead, Khan appears headed to a May 30 bout against former titleholder Chris Algieri. Khan could have had a June 13 shot at Brook without fighting the eliminator, but they also declined that bout, a huge fight in their home country of England. Since Khan declined, the next ranked fighter who will be offered the opportunity to face Bradley in the eliminator is Frankie Gavin, Khan's countryman.
• Gary Russell's fourth-round knockout of Jhonny Gonzalez to win a featherweight world title in dominant fashion Saturday night at the Palms in Las Vegas averaged 519,000 viewers and peaked at 575,000 viewers, according to Showtime. Overall, the two-fight broadcast, which also included junior middleweight Jermell Charlo's close decision win against Vanes Martirosyan, averaged 377,000 viewers. Those are not great figures but also not bad considering the sports world was mainly focused on NCAA men's basketball tournament regional finals on CBS that day.
After the reveal of the Star Wars: Episode VIII title, the biggest question that all fans have of course is when to expect the first footage from The Last Jedi, the highly anticipated sequel to J.J. Abrams' Star Wars: The Force Awakens. In the last few weeks, numerous reports on the web claimed to know when the first footage from Rian Johnson's movie will be revealed. We've tried to contact several sources hoping to get some small hints about a possible trailer premiere date.
Rumors have been swirling for a couple weeks that a brand-new trailer or TV spot for Star Wars: The Last Jedi will be released this Sunday during the Superbowl. As we also shared on Twitter several days ago, a source of ours told us that there will not be any Star Wars footage during that event. We were not the first to hear something about this, even Pablo Hidalgo made a post saying that this Superbowl will be pretty much like the previous ones in terms of Star Wars coverage, meaning no coverage at all. We mainly did this clarification because multiple reports were posted online claiming to have inside information that The Last Jedi will get a TV spot during the Superbowl. This is not going to be the case.
The most logical date for the first footage from The Last Jedi has always been Star Wars Celebration Orlando, which is happening much earlier in the year than last year's event. Many people are betting that the first The Last Jedi teaser will be screened during the Star Wars fan event.
With this in mind we contacted one of our sources who shared with us an interesting tidbit. According to him, right now they are hard at work on a new Behind the Scenes reel for The Last Jedi, which will be the first footage that we will see from the movie. This means that there will be no teaser trailer before Celebration. All rumors on the web with earlier dates are not accurate, as are the reports with teaser descriptions. While a BTS reel premiering during Celebration is not surprising at all, since they did pretty much the same for The Force Awakens and Rogue One, it is interesting that we will be heading into Celebration without any TLJ footage released before. That is of course if we don't count the brief start of production video that Lucasfilm released back in February.
So, when can we expect the first The Last Jedi teaser? The following is just a speculation on our part based on the quote above from our source. First, here are all the previous trailers, teasers, and BTS reels released for the previous movies for reference:
TFA Teaser – November 28
TFA Teaser 2 – April 16 (Celebration)
TFA BTS – July 10 (SDCC)
TFA Trailer – October 19
Rogue One Teaser – April 7
Rogue One BTS + Teaser (only for the attendees) – July 15 (Celebration)
Rogue One Full Trailer – August 11
Rogue One Final Trailer – October 13
As you can see from the list above, April has been the month for Star Wars teasers. TFA teaser in November is an understandable exception, since it was the first Star Wars movie we were getting in more than a decade. We have to keep in mind also that for some time now many Hollywood insiders have been hearing that a teaser for The Last Jedi has been in the works since late November 2016. So, knowing the fact from our source that the BTS reel will be the first The Last Jedi footage shown, we speculate that during the same event a new teaser will be shown as well – pretty much what they did with Rogue One. The big difference now is that we don't have a teaser going into Celebration, like we did for Rogue One. This leads us to speculate that if we get a teaser during Celebration in addition to the BTS reel, it will not be screened only for the fans in the hall, but for everyone.
Although we are confident in the part our source told us, still treat this as rumor for now. It has been demonstrated many times over that plans can change. I always like to give the example that Disney had a plan to attach a Rogue One teaser to The Force Awakens, but decided against it in the last minute. We will all find out the truth soon enough as Star Wars: Celebration is just 69 days away!
Tell us what you think in the comments below. Do you like the idea of getting both a BTS reel and teaser for The Last Jedi together during Celebration rather than an earlier date?
Click HERE to check out and comment on this topic in our forum The Cantina
How do you you get the fading of different tinted areas to not jar too much? 2 1.82%
What are the key differences between creating an indoor vs. an outdoor location? 4 3.64%
Is it possible to have a dark place, but then view it through something like nightvision goggles (say with a green tint) similar to the lighting on a headlamp? 18 16.36%
What is your favorite trick or workaround that you've used to create the effect you were after? 17 15.45%
What are your different steps when you start working on a new area? 3 2.73%
Why is the lighting for Shadowy Forest very pastel compared to the rest of the game? 6 5.45%
Which area that you had a hand in are you most happy with? 6 5.45%
What kind of environment do you think would be most fun to make for TSW? 13 11.82%
Are the old zones going to have any dramatic changes, like for example the lighthouse being destroyed in savage coast? 24 21.82%
Michael Moore is encouraging protests/vigils of Electoral College voting in all U.S. states:
A personal appeal from me to the Republican electors of the Electoral College: Do not put our country in jeopardy: https://t.co/LIFVD4xjD4 — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 18, 2016
Not unlike Hillary Clinton, Moore's attitude on accepting the election results sure has evolved rapidly:
Well bless Moore's heart.
Just a couple weeks before the election:
Trump stunningly says they won't commit to accepting the results of the election–his subtle call for possible violence. America, silence him! — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) October 20, 2016
Two months later, after the election:
Beginning now vigils/protests over the ElectoralCollege are happening at State Capitols in nearly every state. Come: https://t.co/4JtE9x5RjF — Michael Moore (@MMFlint) December 18, 2016
QUITE a fast change of heart!
@redsteeze A beacon of integrity. — Jim Treacher (@jtLOL) December 19, 2016
Without a doubt.
Wow, but that was all the way back two months ago. I'm sure he's not old enough to remember that… https://t.co/1CHuf6J23K — Belinda Kapaun? (@BelindaKapaun) December 19, 2016
I think this one's for the "life comes at you fast" books https://t.co/W1Tkax2PND — Cathy Young (@CathyYoung63) December 19, 2016
And rumor has it they will all freeze their butts off – God does have a sense of humor INDEED https://t.co/OerlcKMK1B — Orange Conservative (@ACommonSenseWay) December 19, 2016
They were for the electoral process before they were against it. https://t.co/Lq7PG62Myq — Wright (@WrightBrunoS) December 19, 2016
Hypocrite Hunters strike again! RT for smug satisfaction! https://t.co/jIt1zvseX4 — Matt Chisman (@MattChisman) December 19, 2016
@redsteeze Liberals have cornered the market in hypocrisy! — American ?? Dad (@mackinr813) December 19, 2016
Without a doubt.
The Knesset can be a tough crowd for any Prime Minister. The fierce debate often forces the Knesset speaker to intervene and even discipline MKs who are deemed too disruptive.
So PM Netanyahu must have been quite pleased at requiring the speaker to call the legislature to order for a very different reason.
The exchange took place Thursday night, as the Knesset debated a bill that would require a national referendum before the signing of a deal that cedes land under Israeli sovereignty to another country.
A heated exchange developed in the course of the debate, between Jewish and Arab MKs. MK Jamal Zahalka (Balad) told the Knesset: “Since the referendum is over occupied territory, what applies is international law, and therefore the national referendum should be a binational referendum.
MK Moti Yogev (Bayit Yehudi) shouted at Zahalka: “The Land of Israel belongs to the nation of Israel and you are the foreigners here!”
To this, Zahalka replied: "We were here before you. I was here before you. And we will be here after you! So stop dreaming.”
Hearing this, the prime minister requested the right to reply to Zahalka – an action they rarely take.
They went to the podium and said: “I hadn't intended to speak. But I heard the statement by MK Zahalka. You said, 'We were here before you... and we will be here after you.' The first part is not true. And the second part will not happen.”
With that, Netanyahu strode off from the podium, leaving the Knesset speaker to restrain MKs from the applause that they spontaneously engaged in.
A startup from Israel has developed a home-sized biogas unit that can take organic waste and convert it into enough gas for 2-4 hours of cooking, as well as 5 to 8 liters of organic liquid fertilizer, every single day.
The accurately-named HomeBiogas device could herald a new dawn for full-circle local waste recovery for both on- and off-grid homes, because it has the ability to take in up to 6 liters per day of any food waste (including both meat and dairy, which are often not recommended for home composting) or up to 15 liters per day of animal manure (including pet waste, which is also considered a no-no in home composting), and turn that into enough fuel to cook several meals per day, while also producing a rich organic fertilizer that can boost soil fertility and garden yields.
While many home biogas initiatives tend to be focused on the developing world, where animal and human waste can be converted into a clean-burning fuel for cooking or heating water, providing a renewable local energy source, this project is aimed at the suburban market, where it can function as a valuable component of a home's energy network, either as an adjunct to grid-based systems or as an off-grid accessory.
According to HomeBiogas, 1 kilogram of food waste can produce an average of about 200 liters (7 cubic feet) of gas, which can fuel an hour's worth of cooking over a high flame, so with a full daily input of 6 liters of organic waste, the company's units can produce several hours of cooking gas each day, and can help homes eliminate one ton of organic waste each year, and avoid generating the equivalent of 6 tons of CO2 annually.
Here's the video pitch for the HomeBiogas units:
These units, in addition to producing a usable fuel and fertilizer from materials that would otherwise go to waste, are being billed as an affordable and easy-to-assemble product that can easily fit into a backyard or greenhouse, measuring 123cm/165cm/100cm (48”x65”x39.4”) and weighing in at less than 40 kg (88lb). The HomeBiogas units are also said to be simple to operate, and to require minimal annual maintenance, and although the biogas can be burned on a regular stove, at least one burner does need to be converted to use the fuel.
The company is currently using crowdfunding to get the HomeBiogas devices into full production, and backers have the opportunity to reserve one for themselves with a pledge of $890, which is a significant savings over the full retail price, which will be set at $1500 after the campaign is over. Find out more at HomeBiogas.
Apple admits child labour was used to build iPods and iPhones in Chinese factories
Technology giant Apple has admitted that child labour has been employed at some of the factories that build its iPods, computers and mobile phones.
An audit found that at least eleven 15-year-old children were found to be working in three factories that supply Apple in the last year.
It said that child workers were now no longer being used at the sites, or were no longer underage.
Audit: A report found at least 11 underage children were working at factories, many of them in China, which produce Apple components in the last year
The exact location of the factories has not been identified. Apple has factories which supply parts in Taiwan, Singapore, Thailand, the U.S., the Czech Republic, Malaysia and the Philippines, but most of its products are assembled in China.
The audit also found one facility had attempted to conceal evidence of employing underage labour, while two others had falsified records relating to the number of working hours and days of rest employees were receiving.
Apple has been repeatedly criticised for using factories which abuse workers and impose harsh conditions on workers.
Last week, 62 workers at a factory which makes parts for Apple and Nokia were hospitalised after being poisoned by n-hexane, a toxic chemical commonly used in technology which can cause muscular degeneration and blurred eyesight.
The company has not commented on the problems at the plant, which is in Suzhou, China.
A spokesperson for Wintek, which runs the factory, said that almost all of affected staff were back at work.
The audit report revealed that at least 55 of factories which produced Apple goods were ignoring rules that staff must not work more than 60 hours a week.
One of the plants had falsified records for two years in a row in order to conceal that it was using child labour and overworking staff.
It said: 'When Apple investigated further, we uncovered additional records and conducted worker interviews that revealed excessive working hours and seven days of continuous work.
'Based on the repeat core violation and inadequate actions, Apple is terminating all business with this facility.'
The report also found 35 per cent of staff were paying incorrect wages, with 24 factories in China paying less than the national minimum wage of £76 a month.
Three facilities were stopped from disposing of hazardous waste after they were found to have employed non-certified disposal companies.
And 20 facilities were found to be conducting pregnancy tests on workers before employing them.
Apple has not stopped using those factories to make components.
Last year, the company found a total of 25 child workers had been employed to make iPods and iPhones.
It goes without saying that Brandon Marshall thrived in their first season as a Jets receiver in 2015. Their 109 catches for 1,502 yards set team records, and their 14 receiving touchdowns tied a team record and tied for the NFL lead.
But Marshall was banged up for a while. Even down the stretch, they often appeared on the Jets' injury report with a toe injury on one foot, and an ankle injury on the other.
Marshall was always reluctant to discuss their injury status. He's no doubt one of those players who believe that to acknowledge how much he's hurting would be to give an opponent some kind of advantage, however insignificant that may seem to those of us on the outside.
ALSO: Jets 2015 season by the numbers
But now that the Jets are finished for the year, Marshall is free to discuss what was up. And it turns out that even though Marshall didn't miss a game, they played through a high ankle sprain--the kind of ailment that typically can sideline a player for several weeks.
"I had a high ankle sprain this year, and it put me down for four weeks," Marshall said Tuesday night on Showtime's "Inside the NFL," on which he's a regular panelist. "I was able to go out there [and] still draw coverage because teams didn't know what I could do; they didn't know the severity of my injury.
"But when you have an ankle at the wide receiver position, you're pretty much dead in the water."
MORE: Inside the trade that brought Brandon Marshall to the Jets
Marshall was in many ways the ideal piece for the Jets' offense, which finished the season 10th in passing DVOA, per Football Outsiders. They never showed any noticeable limp or any signs they were hurting; as they mentioned they continued to draw attention from defenders that only helped the rest of the offense work.
Marshall was also in many ways an ideal teammate. But to learn they played through a high ankle sprain also shows how tough (or maybe crazy?) they are, too.
ALSO: Colon says Burfict is 'a dirty guy'
Besides, it's not like Marshall never showed how gross and swollen their ankle had gotten at one point. Remember this?
Dom Cosentino may be reached at dcosentino@njadvancemedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @domcosentino. Find NJ.com Jets on Facebook.
Posted Monday, March 6, 2017 6:54 pm
FRANKFORT, Ky. – Students would be able to express religious and political viewpoints in public schools and on college campuses without interference from administrators under a bill that has cleared its final legislature hurdle and now heads to Gov. Bevin to be signed into law.
State Sen. Albert Robinson, R-London, said they decided to sponsor Senate Bill 17 after a Johnson County elementary schools removed biblical references from a presentation of “Charlie Brown's Christmas Carol” in 2015.
The bill, which basically affirms rights that are already in place, was adopted on an 81-8 vote.
Robinson said he's felt the legislation was necessary to make clear to educators that biblical references are in no way forbidden from campuses.
Rep. Tim Moore, R-Elizabethtown, said the constitutional guarantee to freedom of religion has been imposed upon by educators who either were confused about what is allowed or who willingly defied those constitutional rights.
“Making sure that an understanding of the liberties, which we hold sacred, is confirmed from time to time is also appropriate,” Moore said.
Some critics argued that the legislation could be found unconstitutional and cost the state a hefty legal bill. Supporters said it would be a weapon in the war against Christianity.
Rep. Joni Jenkins, D-Louisville, said lawmakers should not be trying to push religion onto campuses.
“I believe religion should be expressed in church or in the privacy of my home, not in public schools,” they said.
Last year, the first bill that could take a bite out of the business model of so-called "patent trolls" was introduced. Not much happened to it, but today a reworked bill has been introduced by the same sponsors: Reps. Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) and Peter DeFazio (D-OR). The bill is called the SHIELD Act of 2013, which stands for "Saving High-Tech Innovators from Egregious Legal Disputes."
Essentially, the bill (PDF) creates a "loser pays" system for certain types of lawsuits, in which do-nothing patent holders will be forced to pay the defendant's legal bills if they lose their lawsuit. However, losing defendants won't have to pay, so it's more like a "losing plaintiff pays" system.
At a press conference, Chaffetz and DeFazio explained how the bill would work and why they are introducing it.
"Patent trolls add no economic benefit to our nation," said Chaffetz. "They have captured part of the system, and they're exploiting it for their own financial gain. They're hampering the innovation that our country deserves. Literally every segment of our society's business is being attacked by these patent trolls."
DeFazio was inspired to create this legislation when a small software business in their Oregon district was attacked. They noted that patent trolls are "morphing" in alarming ways. Specifically, DeFazio cited the new wave of scanner-trolls demanding around $1,000 per worker from businesses that "use routine technology" like scanning documents to e-mail. "They just broadcast letters—they've done this in Georgia, and for some odd reasons, North Dakota, so far—to any and all small businesses that they think might have scanners and tell them they've got to pay $20,000 if they want to keep using their scanners and attaching e-mails," said DeFazio.
The bill would allow patent defendants to file a motion seeking to have a judge rule that the patent owner is a certain type of "non-practicing entity"—although the bill doesn't use that term. If the motion is successful, the lawsuit can still proceed, but if the patent-holding company loses, it will be on the hook for legal costs.
Since defending a patent lawsuit through trial can easily cost $2 million to $5 million, that could be a significant deterrent. The usual patent troll strategy is to ask for a six-figure settlement well below the cost of litigation. Some trolls are more ambitious, while others settle for amounts below $100,000, which are basically considered "nuisance" payments in the patent world.
Bill tries to figure out: who's a patent troll?
The trick of course, is defining exactly what kind of patent litigation is the "bad" kind that needs to be transferred to a loser-pays system. One man's "patent troll" is another's "independent inventor." It's a tough divide to navigate, since some entrenched and clearly "non-troll" organizations in the US like to wield their patents as plaintiffs: namely, pharmaceutical companies, and increasingly, universities.
While last year's bill only applied to the computer and software industries; this year's bill forgoes the tech-specific focus and lays out definitions for what type of entity has to play by the "loser pays" rules. In the system set up by the SHIELD Act, patent owners will be defined as non-practicing unless they meet one of the following conditions:
The plaintiff is an inventor or original assignee. This has the potential to be a loophole, since many of the most vigorous NPEs, like ArrivalStar, are owned directly or have strong ties to the patent's inventor.
The plaintiff is actually using the patent.
The plaintiff is a university or "technology transfer organization"
Many questions remain about how the bill would be implemented. Would larger public patent-licensing companies, like Rambus and Tessera, be defined as NPEs? Probably not, since they acquire many of their own patents.
Also, under these definitions, some operating companies could be defined as NPEs; this could actually hurt defendants in the corporate smartphone wars. Google, for example, acquired patents from IBM and Fujitsu in order to counter-sue British Telecom, which started a patent fight with Google a few years ago. While I don't know the technical details of those patents well, they are telecom-related and it seems unlikely that Google really practices them. But they are being used defensively and are strengthening the defendant in that case.
The "loser pays" system is prevalent in the United Kingdom, but in the US defendants generally have to bear their own costs in all types of litigation, even when they win a lawsuit. Usually, it requires extraordinary abuses on one side or the other for a judge to order that legal fees be paid. There are precedents for creating "loser pays" systems in the US, however. For example, successful copyright plaintiffs usually win attorneys' fees if they have a registered copyright.
The bill has been released to much acclaim from the tech sector. That's no surprise, since it's one of the first serious attempts to take a whack at a problem estimated to cost the economy $29 billion in direct legal costs alone. A few statements from my inbox this morning:
"P atent trolls can't have a free roll of the dice, and SHIELD would help to ensure that they do not," stated the Coalition for Patent Fairness, which includes Cisco, Google, Verizon, Adobe, Dell, Oracle, and other tech giants.
"This won't instantly fix our dysfunctional patent system, but it will start to chip away at the insanity that is stifling innovation and costing our economy billions," said Computer and Communications Industry Association President Ed Black.
The Application Developers Alliance praised the bill but noted that many small software makers can't afford to pay lawyers through the course of even one litigation. "They need more relief than the SHIELD Act offers," said Alliance President Jon Potter. "A quicker and cheaper program for challenging trolls' patents in the Patent and Trademark Office is needed as an alternative to litigation."
The Electronic Frontier Foundation, which has been active in fighting patent trolls for many years, called for the House Judiciary Committee to investigate the patent troll issue further. "The introduction of the SHIELD Act sends an important message to patent trolls: their business model is dangerous and their days are numbered," said EFF lawyer Julie Samuels.
DeFazio and Chaffetz say the bill should come up for a hearing in the near future.
By Teena Lashmore
The Home Office's “Immigrants Go Home Campaign” has come under the scrutiny of many over the last few weeks, including the Advertising Standards Association.
The public display of mobile billboards advertising arrest figures of ‘illegal immigrants' along with text messaging services to help them surrender themselves to the Home Office or departure lounge for deportation, is condemned by Bishops, faith leaders, charities as well as by the ‘every day citizen'.
In fact, it is fare to say that the coalition and the main opposition parties' attempt to go one better than UKIP on immigration matters is turning into a very expensive and ‘unpopular' exercise.
Even UKIP's leader, and arguably one of the many spin doctors of anti migrant rhetoric, Nigel Farage has also complained that the advertisements are too nasty.
The far right are no doubt feeling very snug and rubbing their hands with glee, as not only is the Home Office's campaign being funded by the tax payer, but the migration debates are being pushed further and further into the anti migrant rhetoric: everything that is wrong or has gone wrong in Great Britain, from its failing economic systems to its lack of community cohesion, is attributable to uncontrolled migration.
The reality is of course less sensational and arguably more mundane. Our country's finances have always had cycles of failure because this is built into the economic systems that run them. This has nothing to do with migrants or even people but everything to do with currencies, debt and credit. This is why financial downturns happen to countries even when there is no migration!
Gordon Brown's jingoist message: ‘British Jobs for British People' illustrates one of the many misunderstandings about migration. The numbers coming in to the UK are roughly corresponding with those leaving; therefore, if Mr Brown's position was taken globally, we would eventually see many of us being denied the experiences and opportunities of migrating and working in other countries.
That we have more migrants than other EU countries is another fallacy. For cases claiming asylum, we are ranked 14 out of 27 European countries. In fact, in 2012, as estimated by the United Nations, some 80% of the ‘massive population shifts' took place in the developing worlds and not GB.
That we know the evidence is largely unsupportive of the anti migration rhetoric doesn't appear to stop the debate hitting our mainstream media. That undisputed evidence notes that Britain's ‘industrial success' is precisely because of its migration history, is also lost on some news coverage. That our politicians continue to ignore the failing systems of migration and instead pushes the public's gaze onto individual people and implying many are illegal, is highly disingenuous.
As empty mini buses continue to be driven through London Boroughs, where established histories of integration and migration are common place, one cannot help but ask, given that the evidence is largely to the contrary, is the Home Office's campaign bordering on ‘state sponsored harassment?'.
Teena Lashmore is a criminologist working and guest blogger for Great British Community.
The opinions expressed by the guest writer/blogger and those providing comments are theirs alone, and do not necessarily reflect the opinions of Link Up (UK) or any employee thereof. Link Up (UK) is not responsible for the accuracy of any of the information supplied by the Guest writer/bloggers. This work is the opinion of the blogger. It is not the intention of Link Up (UK) to “malign any religion, ethnic group, club, organization, company, or individual.
Have you ever made a typo? Have you ever misspelled something in a written document? Have you ever made a factual error? Chances are, if you are white and you made a mistake, the person reading it didn't notice. Or if they noticed, they made an excuse for you. Don't worry white folks, minor clerical errors won't detract from your overall appearance of intelligence and competence.
But if you're black, prepare to feel like an idiot. A new study shows that when law firm partners read identical memos, the partners who believed the author was white were much more forgiving than the partners who thought the author was black.
Hang on, I need to email this study to David Lat, Bryan Garner, my mom, Matt Levine, and Partner Emeritus, from my fake, white-person, @post.harvard.edu account, so they take it seriously….
The study, conducted by Nextions, was posted by Victoria Pynchon on their site They Negotiate. Here are the top-line results:
In Written in Black and White, selected law firm partners were asked to evaluate a single research memo into which 22 different errors were deliberately inserted – 7 spelling/grammar errors, 6 substantive writing errors, 5 errors in fact, and 4 analytic errors. Half of the partner evaluators were told that the hypothetical associate author was African American and half were told that the author was Caucasian… On a five point scale, reviews for the exact same memo averaged a 3.2 for the “African American” author and 4.1 for the “Caucasian” author. More surprising were the findings of “objective” criteria such as spelling. The partner evaluators found an average of 2.9 spelling and grammar errors for the “Caucasian” authors and 5.8 such errors for the “African American” authors. Overall the memo presumed to have been written by a “Caucasian” was “evaluated to be better in regards to the analysis of facts and had substantively fewer critical comments.”
Bathe in your own implicit biases, ye commenters. Stew in the knowledge that your so-called “objective” criteria turn out to be just as prejudicial as anything else. Yes, Virginia, grammar BE RACEIST too.
Sorry, that felt good.
Now, this study isn't “news” to any black person who has been paying attention to the unfair factors that affect their performance ratings. The white associate down the hall can get away with “22 different errors.” The black associate can't, and they or they know that. I know that. I know that when I make an error that Staci or Lat doesn't catch in editing, people don't give me the benefit of the doubt. I don't get to be merely “inattentive,” I've got to be “stupid,” or “lazy,” or “stupid and lazy.”
And let me tell you a secret: the only reason I've been able to “overcome” my (admittedly f**king awful) grammatical errors is because “I speak so well.” You've seen me on television, I'm loud and aggressive, but you never see me devolve into a Stephen A. Smith caricature where I use polysyllabic words inappropriately or fail to conjugate a verb properly. If you see me on camera or in person, you'd never guess that homophones haunt my dreams or that I spell about as well as Ser Davos. So all the assumptions a person might make about my intelligence based on my clerical skills run into the assumptions they make based on my performance skills and cause the prejudice algorithm to get confused and spit out something like “he's too fat to type well with those huge fingers.”
I'll take it. But most black people don't have the option of turning on the speaking skills if their writing skills can't get them in the door. And black people have a much slimmer margin for error when it comes to those skills. Look at that study again: “The partner evaluators found an average of 2.9 spelling and grammar errors for the ‘Caucasian' authors and 5.8 such errors for the ‘African American' authors.” The partners didn't even SEE the errors when they thought they were reading a white person. F**k, for all I know I'm bad at editing my own copy because I sound white to me.
Anyway, I'm not sure what white people are supposed to take away from this, other than that they've benefited from institutional advantages that they're not even aware of. For minorities, I wouldn't suggest that any person of color try to make a professional career while saddled with my level of grammatical blindness.
As I'm sure your parents have told you, it's not good enough to be “just as good” as your white professional colleagues. You have to be better to get the same respect. YOU can't make 22 freaking errors in a memo. Fairness is irrelevant. Check your work, check it again, then have your secretary check it before you submit it. Black people don't get to have a “first draft.”
Oops! Your Implicit Bias is Showing [She Negotiates]
Written in Black and White: Exploring Confirmation Bias in Racialized Perceptions of Writing Skills [Nextions]
Sculpteo has new plans to expand its 3-D print-by-mail service, after the company scored $2.5 million in funding from XAnge Private Equity and other angels.
The French company, founded in 2009, announced the funding yesterday, saying on its blog that it will use some of that money to expand further in the United States, though it was vague about other plans for accelerating its growth. Its services include on-demand 3-D printing, basic rendering tools to tweak your already-made 3-D model, and app-based design tools for creating iPhone cases, among other projects.
Sculpteo isn't the only 3-D printing service expanding; competitor Shapeways moved into a larger facility in Brooklyn, New York, this past October, complete with ribbon-cutting ceremony conducted by mayor Michael Bloomberg. Meanwhile, Staples announced this past November that it would begin offering 3-D printing services in Europe next year through a partnership with Irish 3-D printer manufacturer Mcor Technologies.
Sculpteo and its competitors have been partnering with design services like Tinkercad and Autodesk's 123D Design to offer one-button printing for users who don't have access to a 3-D printer of their own. Sculpteo currently offers printouts in plastic and ceramic, as well as a silver-coated plastic. Competing companies' materials include solid metals.
News Corp's CEO Bizarre Obsession With Made Up Lies About Google
from the stop-drinking-the-koolaid dept
Media companies, too, are looking for their bearings. Here we are in the age of the GPS, of relentless, endless tracking and precisely precise data, and yet some in media are wandering aimlessly, dazed and confused, without coordinates and slouching towards oblivion. We are living in the decade of content distribution, which is not necessarily good for the act of creation. For journalists and newspapers are creationists, not in the biblical sense, but in the creative sense – I am fortunate to be a custodian in a company that invests in thousands of creative acts around the world each day, great journalism, compelling analysis, feisty blogs, captivating videos and brilliant books, fiction and non-fiction. The question for this creationist is whether my views are anti-evolutionary or anti e-evolution – already a bit backward and sliding ever more so.
For the distributionists do indeed have powerful distribution channels, Google and Facebook, and pretenders like LinkedIn, which is spam central. None of them actually create content, and they certainly have little intention of paying for it, but they do redistribute the content created by others – they would argue that such redistribution is a natural extension of their role as social networks. I would argue that much of the redistribution is an unnatural act. But there are broader issues that are still unfolding for media companies, who are themselves struggling to profit from their news and other content, while the distributionists are helping themselves to that content, coopting and corralling audiences and consciously devaluing brands. The supposed idealism of these companies is in stark contrast to their actual behavior. That Google's newly conceived parent company is to be called Alphabet has itself created a range of delicious permutations: A is for Avarice, B is for Bowdlerize, through to K for Kleptocracy, P for Piracy and Z for Zealotry.
It should be reassuring for news organisations that the distributors have suddenly started to realize that the quality of content is important, particularly as they try to build walled gardens – though it should be noted that the Chinese discovered that even a Great Wall didn't work. The spammers at LinkedIn discovered that CVs are only burnished occasionally and anyone who tweaks their CV a few times a week is probably not worth hiring. Anyway, they now see themselves as a news distributor, and news organizations who cozy up too closely to them are guilty of techno trendiness. It is patently important to be aware of the trends but a grievous sin to be too trendy.
And we are entering a new phase of development by the big distribution networks, a phase in which they are not only appropriating content but deciding what content is appropriate and inappropriate. They are appointing editors not to create but to curate. And these curators tend to have a certain mindset, a deep fondness for political correctness, and a tendency to be intolerant of ideological infractions. Silicon Valley is moving from the PC to being a purveyor of the PC.
This transition is already underway. The stream of content is often a flow of soft-left sensibility, a stream of content consciousness in which genuine debate is in danger of drowning and alternative views rarely surface. This profound movement is taking place, and without much serious discussion of the social consequences.
Newspapers have always been a little unruly, but they are characterised by public debate, wrangling, haggling, arguing, sometimes passionately about issues and consequences, about the impact on societies and on people. The philosophy, the point of great newspapers is clear. But now we have the exponential growth of purportedly neutral platforms built by e-elites that will be far from neutral, far from objective, succumbing to a stultifyingly samey subjectivity and sensibility.
More relevant to our discussion is the digital divot; the deficit in reporting resources created by the egregious aggregation of news by distributors for whom provenance is an inconvenience and who are contemptuous of copyright. The words Intellectual Property don't appear in the Google alphabet. Without proper recognition, without proper remuneration, well-resourced reporting will be ever more challenged. When I arrived in Beijing, many a US newspaper had China correspondents – now some of those papers no longer exist in printed form.
Mismanagement played a role, as did journalistic hubris, but the digital age has been hostile to investment in reporters and reporting. Why pay professionals when you have UGC, user-generated content? And why pay when you can purloin?
Last year we wrote about News Corp. CEO Robert Thomson's weird anti-Google rant that seemed quite devoid of facts. It was a odd amalgamation of conspiracy theory and outright falsehoods that fit more in the realm of an angry internet troll, rather than the CEO of a media conglomerate. Apparently, Thomson has continued to let these beliefs fester and has once again gone off on Google and other companies much more successful on the internet in a confused and rambling speech in Australia . The talk, focused on the future of the media industry, starts off with a philosophical discussion about China before jumping into an attack on the internet, which begins mildly enough with some digs at internet companies:Of course, this gets pretty much everything wrong. They're not, they tend to be. And there are all sorts of things that are just silly about this. After all, News Corp. itself has a rather long history of building or buying its own aggregation tools that tend to be a lot more aggressive than the Googles or Facebooks of the world. Oh, but nearly all of News Corp.'s attempts have flopped The reality, it seems, is that Thomson is jealous that Google and Facebook have succeeded in building, whereas News Corp. has failed. So they lash out claiming that they're "pirating" or "stealing" content, and "redistributing" it. But that's not what's happening at all. Google is a, it's helping people find more content. And, as a recent study in Spain showed, when Google News pulled out it harmed the news industry, rather than helped it. It took away traffic and hurt ad revenue.What kind of person slams a company thathis company's revenue andhis company's visibility?Apparently, the chief exec of News Corp., Robert Thomson.All of this seems to stem from a simple bit of (willful?) misunderstanding. Thomson keeps claiming that Google and Facebook are somehow "distributing" News Corp. content. But they're not. They're helping peopleit orit. And they're very successful at doing so, and that's the real problem. Thomson is jealous of their success.Whatever you might think of Linkedin or its recent strong push into being a content platform, this seems like a weirdly inappropriate insult for a major media company boss to be making. First of all, I think most hiring managers would strongly disagree with Thomson's suggestion that Linkedin isn't useful as a tool for hiring people. These days it's one of the first places people go. Is Thomson so out of touch that they don't realize this?Huh? First off, anyone looking at this with any sense of reality would note that News Corp. has a much longer history of acting as a gatekeeper, greatly limiting what content it feels is "appropriate" for people to see. Google and Facebook are quite different, opening up a much broader sense of content to the world. Are there reasonable concerns about algorithms choosing what content you see and things like a "filter bubble"? Sure. Absolutely. But comparing that toof all places doesn't make News Corp. look very good. Remember, this is the same company who turned the tag line "fair & balanced" into a punchline. For the CEO ofcompany to argue that Google and Facebook are somehow curating content in one direction is... well... ironic.Of course, what it really comes down to is the fact that Thomson doesn't like theof the people who run these tech companies:Again, remember that this is all coming from. If they really feels this way, why not just build a competing platform that has News Corp.s' political "sensibilities." After all, isn't that what the company did with Fox News? Why not do that online and see how it works? That's what's nice about the internet. Anyone can build anything and see if it works.After some more whining about how those darn "lefties" are running Silicon Valley, they go back to attacking Google over "intellectual property" issues that they don't seem to understand.Except, again, none of that is accurate. Google, for one, seems to bend over backwards going above and beyond what's required by law to appease Hollywood and firms like News Corp., only to find them still wanting more or plotting against Google. And, it's funny that this speech comes the very same week that Comcast plowed $200 million into Vox Media at a $1 billion valuation and Buzzfeed's financials leaked showing a healthy, growing business that's investing heavily in editorial.In other words: it appears that online reporting is actually doing pretty damn well in certain areas -- just not those where News Corp. is acting -- once again highlighting the company's long history of driving internet properties into the ground.Also, we'll mention (yet again) the study in Spain, noting that Google wasnews publishers make more money and get a larger audience bystories. It takes quite a bit of confusion to spin that as being "hostile to investment in reporters and investing."It's just factually wrong.If this is the visionary running News Corp. and planning for its future, it seems like News Corp. is heading in the wrong direction.
Filed Under: aggregators, internet, robert thomson, search
Companies: facebook, google, linkedin, news corp.
It may be an act of care, not sacrifice, when a male dyeing poison frog (Dendrobates tinctorius) leaves their newborn in water inhabited by larger, cannibalistic tadpoles. That's the conclusion of a new study in which researchers observed the behavior of the 2-inch-long dyeing poison frogs around pools of water in French Guiana. When tadpoles hatch out of eggs, fathers carry their new offspring—one or two at a time stuck on their back—to small pools of water that have collected in plants or tree trunks, where the tadpoles are left alone to mature. Researchers found that while pool size and depth had little bearing on whether tadpoles were dropped off, the fathers were most likely to leave their newborns in pools that already housed larger, more mature tadpoles known to cannibalize smaller tadpoles. It may be dangerous for the newcomers, but it also indicates that the pool has the proper conditions for a frog to grow, the researchers hypothesize in the journal Behavioral Ecology and Sociobiology. In the natural pools observed, holding about 50 tadpoles at any given time, only 12 acts of cannibalism were observed during the study period, suggesting that many tadpoles make it to maturity without being eaten. More work will help researchers understand how the counterintuitive behavior has evolved and how pressure on habitats may have played a role.
See more ScienceShots.
The question now is whether the racially tinged unrest, occurring at the outset of a highly competitive presidential nominating contest, will resurrect old resentments and stymie Republican efforts to reach out to African-Americans and grapple with the justice system issues.
After years of instinctively siding with the police — with Ronald Reagan railing against “arson and murder in Watts” in their 1966 campaign for governor and Mr. Bush using Willie Horton's furlough to defeat Michael S. Dukakis — Republicans are now more divided when it comes to crime and law enforcement. This is in part because of raw politics: The country is increasingly diverse, and the party can no longer win presidential elections without making inroads among minority voters.
But there are also deeper tensions between the Republicans' traditional tough-on-crime approach and a rising skepticism about government power among conservatives and libertarians in the party. Few prominent figures sided with the authorities in the aftermath of Michael Brown's death in Ferguson, for example, and Mr. Paul notably spoke out about the treatment of young blacks by the police.
Conservatives beyond Mr. Paul were disturbed by the military-style tactics and equipment of the Ferguson police during the protests in the weeks after Mr. Brown's death.
There was also wide outrage on the right when the New York City officer depicted on videotape choking Eric Garner to death on Staten Island was not indicted. Some conservatives, believing that there are too many laws on the books, were particularly incensed that Mr. Garner was targeted as a criminal simply for selling individual cigarettes.
“It's not as clear-cut of an issue as it has been in the past, and there's a pretty significant diversity of opinion in the party,” said Lanhee Chen, Mitt Romney's policy director in 2012, about Republican views on crime and justice.
But the violence and destruction in Ferguson last month after the grand jury decision and the killing of two police officers in Brooklyn over the weekend by a black man who had posted “#shootthepolice” on an Instagram account complicate the reaction. The conservative brain, particularly among Republican elites, may find itself in conflict with the conservative gut, at least that of the party rank and file.
As we have come to see rather clearly, there are good philosophical and scriptural reasons to affirm two key axioms: God is totally sovereign, and man maintains genuine freedom. Further, we saw that the doctrine of divine sovereignty is intimately tied up in divine omniscience. These two axioms have perplexed theologian and philosopher alike for centuries, and will continue to do so. At least as far back as Augustine, the church has struggled to offer an account that can coherently handle both total sovereignty and genuine free will. While I can not sufficiently expound on all of the issues surrounding the merger of these doctrines, I propose that there is a theory which more than adequately addresses the issue of sovereignty and freedom: the theory of middle knowledge. Where other systems of theology tend to overemphasize one of these doctrines, to the damage of the other, the theory of middle knowledge (Molinism) allows us to coherently affirm both concepts without having to hold them in tension. Before I can go on to a full treatment of Molinism, I must say a few words regarding the evaluation of theological ideas by way of introduction.
Introduction
Theology is the practice of human reflection on divine truth. It is the attempt on the part of the church to systematize and clearly expound the whole truth of Scripture. As such, theology is largely the practice of positing theories that attempt to completely and concisely reflect what is affirmed in Holy Writ. Any system of theology, be it reformed theology, arminianism, even trinitarian orthodoxy, arises as man attempts to explain what they find in the Bible. It is because theology is the proposal of theories regarding biblical affirmations, that we must judge any theology by the extent to which it adequately represents what the biblical authors are saying. Every doctrine, be it salvation, election, sovereignty, the trinity, etc., should be measured by its explanatory power and scope. Does the proposed doctrine sufficiently cover all of the pertinent evidence found in the scripture (explanatory scope)? Does the doctrine have the ability to explain why the various authors of scripture expressed their teachings in the way that they did (explanatory power)? Doctrines stand or fall based on their ability to explain the evidence found in the scriptures. As a correlate, the strength to which we hold a doctrine must be directly proportional to how adequately it fulfills the above conditions. All of this is relevant to Molinism because it is often asserted that since the words “middle knowledge”, or some variant thereof, are not explicitly found in scripture that they must not represent the divine nature in any meaningful way. However, what such a claim fails to recognize is that the terms “Trinity”, or “one is essence, three in person” are not found in scripture either. Yet no orthodox christian disputes these teachings precisely because they sufficiently capture the biblical evidence in such a way that it hardly matters that the apostles did not use that exact terminology. When enough evidence is present in scripture, as is absolutely the case with the trinity, we are justified in drawing the appropriate conclusions that follow. While “Molinism” the term may not be biblical, the idea of middle knowledge can certainly be inferred from the abundant biblical evidence that we have seen in the previous articles. With that said, we now move on to an exposition of the theory of middle knowledge.
Exposition
As we saw previously the doctrine of sovereignty, and its correlate of providence, is founded on our doctrine of omniscience. For this reason, we return to the knowledge of God in order to provide an account which upholds both sovereignty and freedom. Traditionally, theologians have divided the knowledge of God into two logical categories (I say logical rather than chronological because, while we may list them as though one comes before another, in reality they are co-eternal. The list expresses the logical order they should be listed in rather than the order in which they occurred in time). These are: scientia naturalis (natural knowledge) and scientia liberi (free knowledge)(See Note 1). Natural knowledge is that aspect of divine knowledge by which they know all things possible(See Note 2). Another way to state this is in terms of possible worlds. God knows every possible scenario, every way that the world could have been. Free knowledge is God's perfect knowledge of all things past, present, and future which they freely willed to create. In other words, free knowledge is the comprehensive knowledge of the actual world that they freely willed into existence. These divisions of knowledge are arranged by their relation to the divine decree to create. Thus natural knowledge is the knowledge God possesses of every world that it was possible for Him to create. This is followed by the decree to create, and thus ordain what will be in the actual world. Finally, comes God's free knowledge of the actual world as they created it. This whole scheme can be represented by the following diagram:
Natural Knowledge (Scientia Naturalis)
[Divine Decree]
Free Knowledge (Scientia Liberi)
Now this model leads us to an unsettling conclusion: everything is determined. God, in infinite knowledge of all they could create (natural knowledge), chose by an act of the will to create a world in which certain possibilities happen solely on the basis of their will (free knowledge). While that may seem fine in more reformed circles, we must remember that our theology must be informed by the evidence, not the other way around. We have strong reasons to believe in free will. If our theological model can not accommodate that, then something is wrong with the model. This is where a model re-centered around middle knowledge shines. Middle knowledge (scientia media) is the aspect of divine knowledge, existing between natural knowledge and free knowledge, by which God knows all counterfactuals. That is, God knows what would have been had different circumstances obtained. Among the range of possible worlds apart from this one, God knows everything that could have been had other things happened. Specifically, this knowledge extends to counterfactuals regarding human freedom. William Lane Craig explains,
Whereas by Their natural knowledge God knew what any free creature could do in any set of circumstances, now in this second stage God knows what any free creature would freely do in any set of circumstances. (See Note 3)
Further, this knowledge is logically prior to the decree to create. In terms of the above model, God's knowledge appears in the following way:
Natural Knowledge
Middle Knowledge
[Divine Decree]
Free Knowledge
The way this knowledge plays out in divine providence allows us to escape the perils of determinism without over emphasizing human freedom. God knows everything that could be (natural knowledge). Further, God knows what would be under any set of circumstances (middle knowledge). This includes acts of human free will in any circumstance. Using this knowledge, God orders the circumstances that will be in the world they create (divine decree). Because God knows every set of circumstances that will be in the world they create (free knowledge), They also know how man will certainly, freely respond when placed in those circumstances. By arranging the circumstances,  They are certain of the outcome. Thus God is sovereign and man is free.
Evaluation
The Molinist model of providence has distinct advantages over the former, traditional model of omniscience. First, it avoids determinism. As seen above, God can be said to control all things via their middle knowledge without violating human free will. God rules all things with certainty because They know the circumstances that will bring about Theirs will. Since God controls the circumstances, Their will is always done while man remains free in their response. Second, Molinism offers the fullest account of divine omniscience. As we saw in our attempt to define omniscience, someone possesses omniscience if and only if They possess innate, comprehensive knowledge of all true propositions. Under the traditional model, God possesses knowledge of the possible and the actual. However, Their knowledge of the counterfactual is either subsumed as merely possible, or does not concern human freedom. However, if God possesses a distinct phase of knowledge concerning counterfactuals of human freedom, then They can be said to possess more knowledge than if They simply knew what was possible and what They had decreed. This means that Molinism actually provides a more complete account of divine knowledge than the traditional model. Thus, middle knowledge allows us to safely uphold both comprehensive divine sovereignty and human free will.
William Burt Pope, A Compendium of Christian Theology: Being Analytical Outlines of a Course of Theological Study, Biblical, Dogmatic, Historical, Volumes 1 (London, UK.: Beverage and Co., 1879), 318 Louis Berkhof, Systematic Theology (Grand Rapids, MI.: Wm. B. Eerdmans Publishing Co., 1938), 66. William Lane Craig, “How Can the Bible Affirm Both Divine Sovereignty and Human Freedom?” The Apologetics Study Bible: Real Questions, Straight Answers, Stronger Faith, (Nashville, TN.: Holman Bible Publishers, 2007), 1850.
Advertisements
The results of the 2016 presidential election were, understandably, hard to swallow. It has been three weeks since the election and it has not gotten easier — the Trump administration is shaping out to be quite interesting and it is clear that Hillary Clinton won the popular vote. But why is Jill Stein fundraising? The Green Party candidate did not have as big of a shot in winning the election as the Republican and Democrat Party nominees — and yet, Stein is demanding a recount.
Green Party presidential candidate Stein is currently asking their supporters for monetary donations — not as an advance for their 2020 presidential campaign — but to help them get enough to have the votes recounted in three states. According to Stein's website, Stein is asking supporters to raise $2 million to be put towards recounts in three states — Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania — all of which were important swing states and all of which voted for Donald Trump in this election. Stein had raised up to $327,200 around 5:30 p.m. EST, according to their donation page on Wednesday evening. Five hours later, Stein's donation total reached $1.6 million — and continued to grow. Stein needs all the money they can to meet their $2.5 million goal. According to Buzzfeed, there is a $1.1 million dollar fee in Wisconsin to file a recount, along with a $500,000 fee in Pennsylvania, and $600,000 filing fee in Michigan. The donations will reportedly be going to a good cause. According to Stein and their camp, not only will the money go towards Stein's recount but towards ensuring "election integrity" as well.
But would a recount actually help Stein? According to CNBC, it's not likely that it would. Stein received less than 1.4 million votes overall in the election — and that number pales in comparison to the 64 million votes that Clinton received. Libertarian party candidate Gary Johnson ended up coming ahead of Stein, receiving around 4.2 million votes, according to The Guardian. If this is the case, this recount in three states would more than likely not do a lot for Stein. But a recount in these three states could definitely help Hillary Clinton.
Clinton won the popular vote by almost 2 million votes, according to NBC News. And now, according to CNN, computer scientists are "urging" the Clinton campaign to "challenge the election results" — due to potential machine hacking and voter fraud. According to CNBC, Clinton would have needed to win Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania if they were going to win the overall vote. A recount would confirm the news that Trump did indeed win the election or revise the entire election results to instead prove that Clinton was the rightful winner instead.
Stein's donations wouldn't just help Stein, they'd help Clinton, too. As Stein said on their website, "this is about more than the results of this one election. This is about protecting our democracy and ensuring that 'We the People' can have confidence in the reported results." A recount in key swing states could confirm what we already know or lift spirits and all those feelings of uneasiness leftover from Nov. 8. Stein is well on their way to meeting their $2.5 million by Friday. If Stein (and Clinton's) supporters come together to donate, it could have the potential to make a huge difference.
Russia may soon build a city in Siberia just to mine cryptocurrency. The idea is to provide a new source of income for people and the state, and in the future create a rival to Silicon Valley.
The city should be located in Siberia or the Far East, not far from a large hydroelectric power station, according to Russian State Duma member Boris Chernyshov.
Cryptocurrency mining has become popular in Siberia due to the region's low energy costs. The process requires computing power and lots of electricity. Irkutsk has become a hub for cryptocurrency mining because electricity is very cheap, about five times less expensive than in Moscow.
Read more
"A mining city will help people make money, buy apartments and other things they need. It will replenish the state budget at the expense of taxes. If we build such a settlement near the border, for example, with China, this will immediately cause great interest, there will be flows of business tourists. Such a place will become a business hub, bringing investment from abroad. This is a driver, a point of growth," said the deputy.
Chernyshov said cryptocurrency mining has not yet been legislated in Russia and this should be addressed after the city's construction.
Russian Internet Ombudsman Dmitry Marinichev supported the idea of building the bitcoin city. At the same time, the state should not be the owner of the town, they said, or the project would fail.
"I am for any initiative that leads to the creation of jobs, added value, the opportunity to produce new technological products or services. I am against the state being the owner of the business. The state has nothing to do with business, the state must formulate the rules of the game. Any business should have a beneficiary, one who is vitally interested in the enterprise. Otherwise, all this is doomed to failure," Marinichev told RT.
At the moment, bitcoin mining and selling are not regulated by Russian law. President Vladimir Putin has ordered the government to create legislation governing the status of bitcoin, other cryptocurrencies, mining, initial coin offerings, as well as defining everything that relates to digital money by July 2018.
Report lists US as number one follow­ed by Russia, China, Japan and India in the top five
Pakistan military has been ranked as the 11th strongest military in the world, as per a Credit Suisse report on globalisation.
Ranked seven spots after India's military, the report gives Pakistan a final military strength score of 0.41. Further, the report reveals that Pakistan's active personnel number stands at 710,000 and has it more weaponry than Germany, Australia, and Canada.
The report ranks the strength of 20 countries according to weaponry, including tanks, aircraft, helicopters and submarines, each country represents.
Read: ‘Pakistan's armed forces far better today than '65, '71'
The US is listed as number one followed by Russia, China, Japan and India in the top five.
The report said, “Our analysis reveals the military superiority of the United States in conventional war capabilities compared to its close rivals. Its fleet of 13,900 aircraft, 920 attack helicopters, 20 aircraft carriers and 72 submarines far outweighs the military might of any of its close rivals and so does its defense spending worth $610 billion in 2014, which is far more than the combined military expenditures of the next nine countries in our index.”
Read: Pakistan's elite SSG troops top list of world's most formidable special units: report
“In reality, in today's nuclear era, conventional forces are not the only indicator of military strength. Russia and the United States account for more than 90% of global inventories of nuclear weapons according to data provided by Stockholm International Peace Research Institute's (SIPRI) Yearbook 2015,” it added.
The article originally appeared on Business Insider
Read full story
With their three-state recount effort effectively over, Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein on Tuesday announced their plans for what's next: to ask donors which organizations should receive the campaign's leftover money.
At latest count, Stein had raised $7.33 million for the recount in just 2.5 weeks, and from more than 161,000 donors. The campaign's latest estimate of costs puts the total recount-related expenses at about $7.4 million -- meaning as of now, there would not necessarily be money left over. However, the campaign noted that some costs, such as compliance costs and legal fees for ongoing litigation, could be reduced from their estimates today. In addition, Stein's campaign expects to receive some of the filing fee back from Michigan, where a recount was started but not completed.
Jill Stein pushing for election recount in 3 states
Included in that $7.4 million estimate is just under $4.5 million for state filing fees, $1.6 million for legal fees, $212,500 for staff salaries, $364,000 for consultants and $353,618 for administrative expenses.
Stein's campaign is planning to reach out to each of its 161,000 donors and ask them to vote on which “non-partisan election reform and voting rights organizations” will receive the leftover money. The campaign did not immediately release a list of possible organizations, but said it will do so “in the coming weeks” when it begins surveying donors.
Under FEC law, money raised into a recount account can only be used for recount-related expenses -- and a campaign must reach out to donors to either refund their excess donations or ask them whether the funds can be used for another purpose. Based on Tuesday's announcement, it sounds like Stein's campaign is looking to go the route of repurposing the funds.
“Throughout this whole process – from before fundraising began until now – our campaign has been fully transparent about our intention to demand recounts in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan – and the costs associated with doing so, even as those costs have changed as a result of states' demands,” said David Cobb, Stein's campaign manager.
Correction: An earlier version of this story misstated how much money is expected to be left over from Stein's recount fundraising. As of current estimates, there is not expected to be money left over, though the campaign has acknowledged that could change.
General Motors product chief and Vice Chairman Bob Lutz in a file photo. REUTERS/Gregory Shamus
DETROIT (Reuters) - General Motors Corp's product chief and Vice Chairman Bob Lutz will retire at the end of the year, bringing to a close a legendary automotive career that spanned 46 years and included top jobs at all three Detroit automakers.
Lutz, 76, will transition to a new role effective April 1, as vice chairperson and senior adviser — providing input into GM's global design and key product initiatives — until their retirement at the end of 2009, the automaker said on Monday.
Tom Stephens, currently GM's executive vice president of global powertrain and quality, will take over product development at GM.
Lutz was widely credited for the success of GM's more recent products, including the Chevy Malibu sedan, and was the leading proponent for its all-electric Chevy Volt.
Related Coverage FACTBOX: Aid packages for automobile industry
But at the same time, Lutz remained a controversial and outspoken figure, recently telling a group of journalists that global warming was a “crock of s—-.”
A former U.S. Marine fighter pilot, Lutz began their automotive career in 1963 at GM. They went on to work for BMW in Europe, served on Ford Motor Co's board and spent 12 years at Chrysler before rejoining GM in 2001.
A consummate showman, Lutz was famed in Detroit for flying their own helicopter and a collection of aircraft, sometimes to corporate events.
Michael Jackson's personal psychic dies aged 53 after 'predicting their own death'
Jillian Lane moved from Wales to LA after becoming close to Jackson
They fell ill this year and told friends they knew they would not survive
A celebrity psychic who was a confidante of Michael Jackson has died after apparently predicting their own death.
Jillian Lane moved from Wales to Los Angeles to become a clairvoyant to the stars, most famously holding consultations with Jackson when they were the world's biggest pop star.
But they have now died from liver disease, after telling friends they knew that their death was imminent when they were first taken ill.
Psychic: Jillian Lane, a clairvoyant used by Michael Jackson, has died of liver disease aged 53
Ominous: Ms Lane apparently predicted that they would die after falling ill earlier this year
Ms Lane, 53, met Jackson when they were performing in London in 1997 and phoned a psychic helpline looking for insight into their future.
They gained the trust of the singer, and they began flying them from Britain to Beverly Hills for private consultations.
After the psychic settled in Los Angeles permanently, they claimed to be the number one celebrity clairvoyant in the star-studded city.
Earlier this year they fell ill with liver disease - and they claimed to know that they would not survive the illness.
After six weeks in an LA hospital, they asked to be flown home to Britain, and died at the University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff.
Close: Ms Lane met Jackson when they were performing in London and called a psychic hotline
Mystic: Ms Lane claimed to have a number of spirit guides who gave them mysterious powers
'It is tragic,' said close friend Suzanne Yessayan. 'She had predicted their own passing and on this occasion, I hoped their prediction was wrong.
'She was a very giving, caring person. They kept their mind open and their heart open. They had style, grace and charm.
'Working with Michael Jackson was their crowning glory.'
In an interview shortly after Jackson's death, Ms Lane revealed details of their sessions with the star.
'He'd just sit there telling me just how stressed out they are,' they said.
'Michael was a very sensitive guy and would hate what was usually written about him, especially around the time of their trial for child abuse in 2005.
Glamorous: Ms Lane lived in Los Angeles where they claimed to be the number one celebrity psychic
'The last time we met was sitting in my white Mercedes pouring their heart out, it was very sad. I really felt for him.
'The one thing they seemed to lack was the one thing money couldn't buy - genuine friendship.
'There are a lot of people out there who constantly tried to extort money off Michael, so much so they had to watch whose company they kept.
'I was never financially reimbursed for providing them with any of my services. He'd buy me plenty of gifts though - one time it was a beautiful diamond ring, the next time he'd send a huge bunch of flowers.'
Ms Lane claimed to have a number of spirit guides, including a Scottish medic called Dr Mackintosh who apparently gave their healing powers.
If you play games and are somewhat savvy to the the gaming industry and fandom that surrounds it, you will no doubt have stumbled across the work of Mega64. Whether it is through their strange camera skits parodying popular games, or meme-starting comedy shorts featuring an array of celebrities like Gabe Newell, Cliff Bleszinski and Ken Kutaragi.
When not taking part in an array of popular gaming conventions, Mega64 are also known for their anarchic live show that streams live on Twitch every Sunday.
In this two part interview we had a chance to speak with Garrett Hunter and Eric Baudour from the team to discuss their roles in Mega64, and how they utilize XSplit for their live streams.
Q: For our readers who may be unfamiliar with Mega64, could you in your own words tell us about what you guys do and your own roles within the group?
Garrett: Mega64 make video game skits for the internet, and all of our humor is based in and around the video game universe. It's been described before as Jackass meets gaming, because we do a lot of skits out in public where we parody all aspects of video games.
The other guys; Rocco, Derrick and Shawn have been doing it for eleven years now and they have pumped out three seasons of a pretty well received (I'd say) serial episodic show and, from there, started doing multiple ads for different video games and then getting involved with different events in the industry.
My role is primarily special effects, makeup, props and costumes. Lately we've been kind of splitting off and doing our own little projects with live streaming. I do something called the Poorly Played Stream every Wednesday at 7pm pacific.
Eric: I would say the important points to hit about Mega64 is that we've been around for eleven years, we're outsiders that have been brought into the video game industry even though we don't make video games, and through that we have notoriety and have had a lot of celebrity cameos and guests like Shigeru Myamoto, Hideo Kojima, Gabe Newell, Reggie Fils-Aime. We just recently did an ad with Nintendo to announce their E3 line-up and what's going on this year.
My personal role in Mega64; I've been friends with the guys since high school so I've known them for over ten years and I am the Producer and Director of the podcast that we do every sunday “Mega64 Live” which you can see on Twitch TV. I get that altogether and produce it every week, we have an hour long live show followed by an aftershow where we take Skype calls from fans and interact via chat on Twitch and we run all of that using XSplit.
Unlike a lot of folks we interview, Mega64 have worked across a variety of entertainment mediums, how would you say Live streaming differs from creating VODs, Podcasts and live panels?
Eric: You know, I don't know that it differs all that much. We try to bring a lot of energy to everything that we do for video. The guys, Rocco, Derrick and Shawn all started with a theater background, thats where they met. So when we do panels and we do live events, we try to do it where we don't just walk on stage and go “hello we're Mega64, lets take questions” - its a big video thing and we go crazy and there's a lot of dancing! With the podcast we do every week “Mega64 Live”, we do all that kind of stuff and XSplit really allows us to do it well, we have multiple camera setups within our scenes a lot off our show will devolve into dancing and crazy bits, and a lot of costumes.
Garrett: It's always kind of an improv situation when we're filming, when we're streaming or when we're doing the live event stuff as well but especially on the podcast and the streaming stuff, anything can happen it's always kind of just fly by the seat of our pants like what are we gonna need to switch to. Eric's mentioning that XSplit is what we use to get that across.
Eric: Right! XSplit actually allowed our show to be as dynamic as we are in a live theatre type setting. Before, we were doing a single camera show that we would just edit, and put pictures into and things like that. Now everythings a lot more on the fly and we have a multiple camera setup. That allows us to do a lot of close ups, a lot of wacky kinds of cuts in and out, cut to video. Just a lot of just crazy stuff that allows the show to be as dynamic and interesting as it is when we do it live.
Have you noticed any changes in how your community interact by keeping the show live? Even though you've obviously done Mega64 on the stage, do you still see that same audience dynamic when performing on a live stream?
Eric: Oh absolutely! We constantly have to monitor Twitch chat and everything, but then through XSplit we can go through Skype to take calls, and we're allowing our viewers to call in, and we can put their little video feed in the bottom corner of our screen, so that everyone watching at home can see what we're seeing of the people calling in. So it allows us to have that crazy off the cuff improv quality that we have even when people are asking questions, so we can still have that live dynamic even in a podcast setting.
Garrett: And I think that allows for some of the best moments in our show where we get that window through Skype into someone elses bedroom and you can see the posters on their wall and we can goof on them, and the interactions that we get out of that are definitely my favorite thing. We get to connect with our fanbase.
Eric: I agree, yeah
Garrett: For my stream on Wednesdays, I take Skype calls almost through the entire hour and a half. It gives me the ability to bounce a conversation off of someone where I don't feel like i'm just sitting there, playing a game and talking at the screen, because a lot of times I'm there by myself.
You guys have been creating gaming related video content for over a decade, did you notice a shift with the introduction of Twitch?
Garrett: Oh yeah!
Eric: Oh god yeah. I mean, we were running stuff on like Justin TV and UStream back in the day when we got started. We used to do an audio only podcast for probably like 60 or 80 episodes where we were putting it out weekly.
Garrett: And it wasn't live, it was just pre-recorded. There was no live streaming when we started.
Eric: And so we started recording it and creating a video podcast and editing that, and then we started doing it live and then moved to Twitch. We kind of went out of our way to find what kind of streaming program we could use and XSplit has really helped us in that.
Garrett: And that was where we really connected. Our core audience was already video game players, and with Twitch being such a gaming centric site, the service really sucked us right in with the community we were trying to touch base with in the first place.
Eric: I noticed a real big jump in viewership when we moved to Twitch, and they've been a great partner with us, just putting us on the front page from time to time on Sunday nights, because I don't know if everyone is playing League of Legends on Sunday night or not, but sometimes we end up on the front page and if you don't know Mega64 you see this zany like almost living room type program where these friends are just kind of going nuts and riffing off each other.
Garrett: It's nothing like a top down Starcraft match (laughs)
Eric: Exactly! Its the opposite thing you expect to see when you load up Twitch, I mean we would just love to do some top-down Starcraft maps for our podcast, but through Twitch we've noticed a jump in viewership when they put us on the front page and even without it we get more and more viewers week to week. XSplit helps me track how many people are viewing this right now, what was our peak viewership and things like that. Its been really great, the advent of Twitch I really I think improved our show on a whole.
---
Check back later next week for our second installment of our two-part interview with Eric and Garrett from Mega64.
Twitch: www.twitch.tv/mega64podcast
YouTube: www.youtube.com/mega64
Website: www.mega64.com
Officials say they still don't know the source of the chlorine-like smell that caused a scare among hundreds of thousands of residents in the centeral Israel, but some reports suggest the foul smell was a result of a military drill.
Earlier Thursday, Ramat HaSharon Mayor Itzik Rochberger claimed the IDF's Home Front Command informed them of the odor's source but did not share the information with Ministry of Environment.
"Why was there no synchronization between officials," the mayor said, but did not reveal the exact nature of the substance.
Unknown gas? IDF denies reports (Photo: Nimrod Glickman)
Meanwhile, a central Israel resident suffering from a disease requiring chemotherapy was told by IDF officials that the substance which caused the foul odor was used in the framework of a military drill in Ramat Gan, just north of Tel Aviv.
The resident, Yael, recorded their conversation with an IDF Home Front command representative who revealed the information, and later spoke to police officials who said the material was spread by the Navy. However, officials refused to tell them what the substance was.
Yael, who was concerned about heading out for fear the smell could endanger them given their illness, spoke with various officials throughout the day, and shared the recordings with Ynet.
"The smell resulted from an IDF Home Front Command drill in Ramat Gan" an IDF representative told them "This drill is being held by a certain Home Front unit, and we don't know precisely what gas is being used."
The army official claimed the substance was not poisonous.
'Navy behind drill'
Responding to a question about why the public was not informed of the drill, the army official said: "That's one of the aims, a sudden event. These are Home Front Command considerations."
The representative asked to check into the issue, and later called Yael back and told her: "As I said, I don't know what gas it is. Call the police, they have more information."
However, police officials had a different version, telling Yael the Navy was behind the drill, adding they had no idea what gas was used. The officials said that all patients undergoing chemotherapy are being told to seek medical attention, but were unable to say whether Yael should leave them home.
Responding to the reports, the army later said that "there was no connection between a substance used in the framework of a Home Front Command drill to the substance reported in central Israel."
The military claimed that a Home Front Command representative mistakenly linked the odor to the IDF drill in central Israel.
Meanwhile, Environmental Affairs Minister Gilad Erdan said they did not know the source of the odor, adding that according to samples taken by Ministry officials, the unknown substance did not pose any danger to residents.
Israeli security forces held numerous drills nationwide in the past year, with some observers suggesting the exercises came in the framework of IDF preparations for a possible strike in Iran.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Ruby Threads and ActiveRecord Connections
Processing large data sets is a common problem faced by many production web applications. One solution is to divide the work amongst multiple processes and have each responsible for a single or significantly smaller batch of data. However, this solution is not without its problems. Machine provisioning limitations or financial barriers may invalidate this solution for a very large N.
Within the same vein as “divide and conquer” exists another solution, one which requires far fewer parallel processes: Threads . In the Ruby programming language, a Thread is a built-in object for concurrent programming.
Unlike independent processes, all Ruby Threads within the same process share memory, enabling each individual Thread to consume or process objects and elements from the same data store.
For this example, a database will be queried, results manipulated and finally returned to same database via ActiveRecord .
First Pass
Given a User model backed by a simple users table:
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base end
class CreateUsersTable < ActiveRecord :: Migration def change create_table :users do | t | t . string :first_name t . string :last_name t . string :email t . boolean :validated , default: false t . timestamps null: false end end end
The problem to solve is fairly straight forward:
All User records that are not already validated should be fetched and an external API hit with their email address for validation, then saved. If a User's email address is not valid, it should be removed.
Fast forwarding through time, it can be assumed that a completely serial solution has been written and deemed unsatisfactory. Then, during a second iteration, a bit of concurrent code was written:
class UserEmailValidator def self . run User . where ( validated: false ) . find_in_batches ( batch_size: 30 ) do | user_batch | validate_emails ( user_batch ) end end def self . validate_emails ( user_batch ) threads = user_batch . map do | user | Thread . new do email_validator = EmailService . new ( user . email ) email_validator . validate user . email = nil if email_validator . invalid? user . validated = true user . save! end end threads . each ( & :join ) end end
The important pieces of this code are:
find_in_batches(batch_size: 30) To cut down on memory allocation, only 30 Users are fetched at one time. Each of these Users have their email address validated in a separate Thread . threads.map(&:join) The join method is used to make the program wait for all Threads to complete. If one Thread were to error out, some rescue and retry logic could be added to help.
Functionally adequate, this code should iterate over the entire set of User records, 30 at a time, and update them in parallel.
However, actually running this code will point out a very serious limitation.
Note: The GIL in MRI Ruby prevents this code from ever running truly parallel but since this code is input/output constrained, it does not make a difference.
Connection Accumulation
Moments after the above code runs for the first time, this error is seen:
ActiveRecord :: ConnectionTimeoutError : could not obtain a database connection within 5 . 000 seconds
As it turns out, each Thread spawned had allocated its own connection to the database via ActiveRecord . Then, even after the Thread completed its work, the connection was not relinquished. Stale, idle connections began to accumulate within the Ruby process and before even 1000 User objects could be processed, the connection pool was empty.
Presumably, right after the self.validate_emails method completed for a batch of Users , the process should have released those connections to be used for either the next batch of Threads or other processes.
Since this liberation of database connections did not happen automatically, it seems that we must intervene.
Pool Full of Connections, then We Dive in it
To help ActiveRecord handle connection allocation and deallocation, the with_connection block is used. with_connection is a method that yields a connection to a block, then returns that same connection to the pool when the block has completed.
Basically, it ensures that the life cycle for a single database connection is only active within the block provided.
To make sure this solution will work, it is imperative that the database connection pool in either database.yml or in a connection initializer is set high enough.
An example database.yml:
production : adapter : postgresql database : production_database pool : 50
With a pool large enough, a with_connection block can be inserted around the pertinent code:
class UserEmailValidator def self . run User . where ( validated: false ) . find_in_batches ( batch_size: 30 ) do | user_batch | validate_emails ( user_batch ) end end def self . validate_emails ( user_batch ) threads = user_batch . map do | user | Thread . new do ActiveRecord :: Base . connection_pool . with_connection do email_validator = EmailService . new ( user . email ) email_validator . validate user . email = nil if email_validator . invalid? user . validated = true user . save! end end end threads . each ( & :join ) end end
Running this very deliberate connection handling process now ensures that no more than 30 connections are claimed. Each Thread will connect to the database with one single connection and the with_connection block will return that connection to the predefined pool upon completion.
With the addition of this necessary connection pruning, the great User email validation effort can complete. Depending on the size of the data set and machines available, the 30 per batch limit could be easily increased, resulting in greater validation speed.
The database.yml configuration should have a pool size of equal to or greater than the number of Threads spawned. If 100 User objects needed to be processed at once, the pool should be >= 100 .
Alternatives
Handling database connections and using raw Threads this explicitly can make some developers uncomfortable. Luckily, a few great libraries have been written to alleviate this problem.
In a previous post, EM Synchrony was utilized to make parallel HTTP requests. It also has the ability to parallelize ActiveRecord reading and writing without consuming excess database connections.
Another helpful library quickly becoming the most popular concurrency library is concurrent-ruby. The concurrent-ruby library provides convenient models for dealing with futures, promises and other parallelization data structures. However, the same ActiveRecord connections issues will occur with concurrent ruby objects as with plain old Threads .
Additionally, this code has been written for the sake of making a point. There are many ways to solve a problem and this is simply one of them.
Boy, 14, Charged As Juvenile In Hit-And-Run That Killed Third-Grader
Baltimore Police say a 14-year-old boy has been taken into custody and will be charged with vehicular manslaughter in Thursday's hit-and-run that killed a third-grader.
As they are being charged as a juvenile, their name will not be made public, police spokesperson T.J. Smith said.
"This kid's 14, made a horrible, horrible, horrible mistake, made a horrible, horrible, horrible decision," Smith said. "And it's two lives that are forever damaged. One is gone, the other is in the system, so it's a tragedy all the way around."
They declined to elaborate on the boy's criminal record, if any, citing the fact they are a juvenile. The boy was apprehended at their home.
Just before 2:30 p.m. Thursday, a police officer activated their lights and sirens and attempted to stop the driver of a Jeep Liberty after receiving a call about suspicious activity. The caller said the driver was driving up and down the 1700 block of Ramsey Street and said they believed the vehicle may have been stolen.
The officer found the vehicle in the 300 block of South Gilmore Street and began an attempted car stop. The driver then sped away from the police officer. The driver continued to travel northbound on South Gilmore Street and drove through the red light at the intersection of West Lombard Street, striking a vehicle that was traveling westbound on Lombard Street.
The driver then struck a crossing guard and 9-year-old Amirah Kinlaw before hitting several parked cars and coming to a rest. The driver then got out and fled.
Amirah was taken to Johns Hopkins Children's Hospital, where they died. City school officials said the girl was a third-grade student at Steuart Hill Academic Academy.
The driver of the struck vehicle on Lombard Street was taken to an area hospital in critical condition, and a boy suffered minor injuries after they were struck by debris.
Police say they are still seeking more information about Thursday's events, and ask those with tips to call their crash team at 410-396-2606 or 1-866-7LOCKUP.
Cyclists in Greater Manchester will be able to take advantage of two free bicycle maintenance workshops in Openshaw in the coming month.
Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM) is putting on the sessions on July 29 and August 6 from 5.30pm-7.30pm, at Bikeright! Headquarters.
They are for over-16s and offer tuition in brake and gear maintenance, puncture repair and general smooth running of your machine.
Cyclists are encouraged to bring their own bikes, although there will be demo models available to practise on.
TfGM is also offering adult learn-to-ride courses in a safe and supportive environment. For more information on all the local cycling initiatives, click here.
It's all part of the bid for £20 million of cycle funding, which TfGM says will transform the city into the UK's premier cycling city after London.
Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM) says that if its bid is successful, it will spend most of the money on “a series of more continental-style, largely segregated, cycle routes within the heart of the conurbation, together with the delivery of a number of cycle and ride stations.
It adds that “to get more people on their bikes using these new facilities, we'll deliver a programme of promotion and engagement designed to trigger a generational shift that has the potential to ‘mainstream' cycling.”
Among the council's aims to promote cycling, reports the Manchester Evening News, are a network of cycle routes alongside canalside towpaths, centred on Sportcity where the National Cycling Centre is located, a programme to repair potholes on key routes into the city centre, increased provision of cycle parking including underneath apartment blocks that are currently planned, free cycle training and encouraging more women to take to two wheels.
Meanwhile, following the successful launch earlier this year of a Brompton Cycle Hire Dock at Manchester Piccadilly station in March this year, making 40 folding bikes available for hire, the council is now seriously considering private funding options for a cycle hire scheme throughout the city, similar to London's Barclays Cycle Hire Scheme, or the Vélib' initiative in Paris.
Every now and then you can find yourself in situations, where you have to use other people's code or you need special versions of yours. Wouldn't it be great if you had ready-made tools to convert the existing code to what you actually need? In this post, you'll find three of them that help with different transformations. These types of tools are called code modifier tools.
It's important to understand that code modifiers are in fact specific code generators. They both provide the output based on the supplied input and the previously defined rules for the transformation. Opposed to code generation tools, however, in code modification tools the input has to be working pieces of codes (in our tools HTML), not only parameters, and the output is the same data with controlled alterations. Does it make sense?
I hope it does. If you think about it, inliners are good examples for code modifiers: HTML is provided with style tags, which is translated to markup with inline styles. We'll revisit them in detail in our next article, where we'll be talking about CSS architecture in email development.
In this tutorial, I'll show you 3 open-source projects that surfaced as development needs during our email editor's development previously. The projects are as follows:
TextVersionJS strips out HTML markup and provide customizable Markdown format
strips out HTML markup and provide customizable Markdown format Bulletprooflist converts ul , ol and li elements in HTML to legacy email client compatible code
converts , and elements in HTML to legacy email client compatible code BulletproofLineLenght wraps long lines to separate multiple lines
I'll show you thoroughly how to include them in any project. You may find them useful in your workflow as well. I even hope that they inspire you to write your own custom tools.
As we are developing a new generator engine at EDMdesigner, it is likely that we'll release new open-source projects in the future. You can visit us on Github from time to time to check up on these upcoming tools.
HTML To Text String with TextversionJS
First, we start with TextVersionJS that converts email HTML to Markdown text. You would most often need that to reduce SPAM scores of an email campaign. By sending along the email's text version in your ESP, it's less likely that the message gets marked as SPAM.
Another use case is for testing email campaigns' value with the plain text version. In some email marketing communication plain text performs better in user engagement. If you work with very long HTMLs, it's much easier to extract the content with this tool than by hand.
Let's see, how we can use the tool and what configurations are available.
We used the Universal Module Definition pattern, which attempts to offer compatibility with the most popular script loaders of the day. With that, you can use the tool on the server-side and in the browser as well.
I'll show how to include TextVersionJS in the browser step-by-step firstly:
1, Create a basic template:
<!DOCTYPE html> <html> {% include head %} <body> {% include header %} <div class="page-content"> <h1>TextversionJS</h1> <p>This tool is awesome</p> <h2>HTML to plain text converter online</h2> <h3>Paste your email HTML here</h3> <div> <textarea id="htmlTextarea"></textarea> </div> <button id="generateButton">Generate</button> <h3>The text version</h3> <div> <textarea id="textVersionTextarea"></textarea> </div> </div> {% include footer %} </body> </html>
There are two textarea elements in the content. We define id s ("htmlTextarea" and "textVersionTextarea") for easy access to them from the JavaScript.
The parts, denoted as {% include footer %} are for showing, where you would likely add fancy custom elements. We'll only change some of them.
2, Include TextversionJS and make calls to the tool:
As the JavaScript file detects it's environment as I showed before, you can include it as you would any other JS file in the HTML:
<script src="./textversion.js"></script>
To activate the freshly included JS functionality, we need to call its main method. That's htmlToPlainText according to the documentation, but it's set to be called as createTextVersion in the module definition.
We set up a button element, which will fetch the necessary DOM elements and call createTextVersion on them. The returned content will then bed pushed to the second textarea. You can see this below:
<script> function generate() { var htmlTextarea = document.getElementById("htmlTextarea"); var textVersionTextarea = document.getElementById("textVersionTextarea"); textVersionTextarea.value = createTextVersion(htmlTextarea.value); } var generateButton = document.getElementById("generateButton"); generateButton.onclick = generate; </script>
3, Add basic styling for design value
It has little value to the tool's functionality, but if you work with the browser probably can't leave out some finesse for the UI:
<style> .page-content { margin: 0 30%; } textarea { width: 40vw; height:20vh; } </style>
It's time to see what we've achieved:
](http://textversionjs.com/)
You can pass a configuration object for the tool with 7 configuration properties:
var styleConfig = { linkProcess : null, imgProcess : null, headingStyle : "underline"; // hashify, breaklink listStyle : "indention"; // indention uIndentionChar : "-", listIndentionTabs : 3 }
To sum up, you can set the indentation, link and image output format and heading styles. The linkProcess and imgProcess properties are special because they'll apply any custom implementation you provide.
There are a few highlights about usability:
It has no dependency, so you can use it safely and consistently
On the client-side, if you use custom strings you need to replace them before you could send the email
While you can convert the final HTML to text-version on the server-side, no additional steps required
I encourage you to check out how it works and give it a try now on the project's demo page and check out the full source code of the tool.
Crop Lines with BulletproofLineLenght
The next tool takes good care of long lines as most email clients have troubles displaying them. Many characters in a single line can break the layout easily. To prevent this from happening, we can use the BulletproofLineLenght tool and set up the line lengths to an arbitrary value.
In this section, we are going to use the tool on the server-side in the example, but you can access it online too.
The project's working folder contains a test tool, where you can try out quickly how this code modification works. We are going to use that for the server-side example, with the only difference of including the project's working files via NPM. The steps are the following:
1, Open a project folder:
The necessary commands are:
mkdir <your directory name> cd <your directory name> npm init npm install bulletprooflinelength --save
After npm init you are prompted several questions about the project, completing them you'll have the package.json file created. If you need a deeper understanding about getting started with NPM, you can check our previous tutorial on scripting or the NPM documentation.
2, Install BulletproofLineLength:
npm install bulletprooflinelength --save
With this command, a node_modules directory gets added to your working files.
3, Using the tool in projects:
As mentioned before we already have an exemplary use of the tool among our working files, and the project's documentation shows clearly how we can include it in our JavaScript files. So the modified code is:
// FROM THE DOCUMENTATION // Including from node_modules var bulletproofLineLength = require("bulletproofLineLength"); // FROM PROJECT'S TESTING TOOL // Requiring necessary Node packages var fs = require("fs"); var path = require("path"); var stringWithLongLines; var maximalLineLength = 50; // Parsing command line arguments var pathToFile = path.join(__dirname, process.argv[2]); var parsedPath = path.parse(pathToFile); stringWithLongLines = fs.readFileSync(pathToFile, "utf8"); var stringWithShortLines = bulletproofLineLength(stringWithLongLines, maximalLineLength); // Writing line-split HTML to file fs.writeFileSync(path.join(__dirname, "./results/", parsedPath.name + "-split" + parsedPath.ext), stringWithShortLines);
and that's it. We have BulletproofLineLength set up in our project, able to read HTML files and output line-split version of it into a separate file. It could be an end-task of an automated workflow.
It's time to spare some word about how the tool works and what restrictions or opportunities it has:
the tool accepts any input format, but only HTML and CSS lines are processed, otherwise, the original line is returned
the splitting of lines are set up based on typical separator characters of the language: < , > , " , ' in HTML and ; , , , } in CSS. That means that long inline style declarations are not split in the HTML.
I encourage you to check out how it works and give it a try now on the project's demo page and check out the full source code of the tool.
Lists in Emails with Bulletprooflist
This third project was introduced years ago in our email HTML generator. A recent update in it made us realize that it can be helpful for fellow email coders. The tool is responsible for making unordered and ordered lists bulletproof.
In this section, our main focus will be on the generated output, namely what makes a list bulletproof in email clients.
There's a necessary addition in order to make the tool work in the browser: we need to bundle our server-side dependency, the Cheerio package with Browserify or a similar bundler. Bundlers let us implement external modules easily. with this out of the way, let's jump in the middle:
After copy & paste and generate we have a bulletproof list available for comparison with the original one:
Before ``` First Item
Second Item
Third Item ```
The person who finalised recruitment rules pending for about 30 years in a civic body, made it possible for hundreds of employees to be promoted and leads work on improving the ranking of South Delhi Municipal Corporation in Swachh Survekshan 2018 is an IIM graduate.  They are also 90% blind.
Aman Gupta, a 2013 batch IAS officer of the AGMUT (
) cadre, works with the assistance of a stand-mounted American video magnifier that helps the visually impaired read.
Gupta has juvenile macular degeneration, a medical condition that has no known cure. Their vision is now so poor that they find it difficult to distinguish people by their features. The broad smile on their face hides the pain they have felt since their vision began to degenerate. Gupta used to ride a bike when they were in Class 12. First, their eyes stopped seeing the cursor on the computer; then they couldn't see a cricket ball arcing through the air; and soon after they found it difficult to read the text on the classroom blackboard. In 2002, they learnt at
that they had developed juvenile macular degeneration which, over the years, has left them with just about 10% of normal sight.
In Delhi, where two bureaucrats committed suicide this year over stress and illness and students have killed themselves on getting low marks, Gupta challenging life, rather than the other way round, is exemplary. “I failed to clear UPSC in 2012 for which I prepared with audio books. I devoted more time and got a 57th all-India rank in the general category,” Gupta, a BTech, said. They currently hold three important positions — director (personnel), additional director (education) and secretary to the
commissioner. Earlier, they were deputy commissioner (west zone), and before that they were with the Delhi government as the SDM for
.
A few officials have found it doesn't pay to be too clever where Gupta is concerned. When they headed the west zone as deputy commissioner, some would sometimes stealthily leave the meeting hall while they thought they were seated. When told, they immediately issued showcause notices to the erring officials. When Gupta was new to the SDMC, an officer felt offended when they did not respond to their offer of a handshake. “I could not see that they wanted a handshake. I later told them that I was 90% blind,” Gupta said.
Reading with the assistance of a video magnifier takes around 200% more time. But it isn't often you'll find their desk groaning under unfinished files. Visuals of Gupta, their face often buried in their video magnifier, and sometimes of their hands feeling around the desk in search of a bell to press for a glass of water, or seeking a pen or a mobile phone, testify to their immense willpower and patience.  They are one of the top officials in SDMC's education department, responsible for managing 600 schools and 2.5 lakh students. SDMC commissioner
said Gupta was very meticulous.
New Line/MGM/Warner Bros' summer counter-programmer Me Before You crossed $200 million at the worldwide box office today. Not bad for a weepy with only about a $20M budget. Based on Jojo Moyes' 2012 bestseller, the film from director Thea Sharrock has now grossed $200.7M. The breakdown is $144.4M international and $56.3M domestic. It went out in Italy this past weekend and was a clear No. 1 there. Japan is the final offshore release market October 2.
MGM acquired the book in 2013 and the studio oversaw its production with Moyes adapting their own novel for the big screen. It was marketed by New Line and Warner Bros stateside and distributed by Warner Bros. worldwide.
The Sam Claflin-Emilia Clarke romance opened internationally back on June 2, just ahead of the Euro 2016 soccer tournament. Its best comps have been 2014's The Fault In Our Stars which similarly played through a major footie frenzy, acting as a great alternative to the World Cup that year.
Me Before You‘s moving love story features Game Of Thrones' Clarke as a small-town girl who falls for the recently paralyzed man (Claflin) for whom they are caring. It faced some backlash from the disabled community over the right to die, but received an A CinemaScore domestically and was a constant earner over the summer.
It kicked off to a strong start in the UK, holding No. 1 for two weeks, and Korea. Then added other majors like Brazil (TFIOS‘ breakout market) and the rest of Europe, save Italy which went just last week and grossed $2.5M for the debut on 413 screens (that included sneaks). It had more than double the next highest per screen average in the market.
The top offshore plays are Germany ($20.1M), Brazil ($17.1M), the U.K. ($13.7M), Mexico ($11.6M) and Australia ($9.1M). As a side note, it's also the No. 1 film in Norway this year with a $5.4M gross.
Alison Owen and Karen Rosenfelt are Me Before You‘s producers. The film was executive produced by Sue Baden-Powell.
Details have today been released by the Unicode Consortium which cover how custom emoji attributes may allow new choices for gender, hair color and direction.
Provision for new flags including England, Scotland and Wales are addressed also addressed.
Some of the details get quite technical, so this summary aims to address many of the public-facing aspects.
Most of the information in this summary has been culled from the technical report from Mark Davis and Peter Edberg , and is subject to change.
Gender
Proposed emoji tag sequences allow gender for an emoji to be specified as:
Male
Female
Neutral
"Neutral"?
If the neutral gender attribute is used, the emoji is to be shown without any gender-defining properties.
Google's already displays a gender-neutral Dancer and Person Bowing Deeply, amongst others in their blobby-character series.
Above: Android already has gender-neutral emojis.
Gender identity?
Specifically noted is the fact that changing emoji gender is to "mark appearance, and not gender identification".
Therefore if applying a female gender attribute to the runner emoji, you will get a "female-looking" runner .
Above: A female runner emoji could be on its way.
Which emojis?
Most human-looking emoji characters will be eligible for gender attributes. This would include emojis such as the Police Officer, Swimmer, Bicyclist and more .
Existing guidelines specify that neutrally-named emojis should be presented with a gender-neutral appearance, however this guideline only tends to be respected by Google's Android emoji set.
What about...
Even emojis with a specific gender in their character name would be permitted.
For example Man in Business Suit Levitating would be able to have a matching female Woman in Business Suit Levitating or gender-neutral Person in Business Suit Levitating.
The name would not change, but the appearance would match whichever gender attribute was applied.
Above: Could this be our future family of levitators? R-L: Base emoji, Gender-Female, Gender-Neutral.
The same logic applies to any number of included emojis such as Bride with Veil and Woman With Bunny Ears.
I presume if implemented, the former would translate into a Man With Veil for consistency, as opposed to something akin to a Groom.
Hair Color
Part of the emoji tag sequences implementation is a mechanism to specify hair color.
What are the options?
The following hair colors are recommended as options:
Redhead / Ginger
Blond(e) / Sandy
Brown / Brunette
Black / Very dark brown
Gray / Silver
Bald / No hair
Above: Mockup of how the six hair color attributes may look.
Hair color and skin tone mix-n-match?
It's theoretically possible to mix and match skin tone modifiers with hair color attributes as part of this standard.
Gender could also be included in an emoji tag sequence, allowing a hypothetical dark-brown skin, blonde-hair, male, information desk person emoji. Whether vendors are keen to support such a wide range of combinations is yet to be seen.
Above: Mix-and-match hair and skin tone changes.
Finding an appropriate user interface to select such combinations, not to mention the potential size of a font file could make the hair color attribute challenging to implement.
Flags
New options for sub-region flags are proposed in this technical report. This fills some gaps for countries or regions ineligible for inclusion using the existing standard.
A Scottish Flag?
Yes.
The creation of flags for England, Scotland and Wales would all be possible.
These three flags are frequently requested by Emojipedia users in particular, and presumably also high on the list of requests to platform vendors.
Above: This proposal would permit a Scottish Flag emoji. Photo source.
US States?
It's possible.
As with all aspects of this technical report, it's entirely up to vendors which parts they implement.
Examples of subregions that would be eligible for support include these from the United States and these for the United Kingdom
Rainbow Flag?
No.
Each new flag must fall under an existing region that has a two-letter country code. As such, arbitrary flags wouldn't be eligible for this method of encoding .
Above: Recognized sub-regions are the only permitted use of this new flag type.
Direction
Direction attributes will allow an emoji to either:
Face right
Face left
The intended use is to horizontally flip characters such as the 🔫 gun or 🚶 walker in order to convey meaning from the way it faces.
Up or Down?
No options are provided for up / down directions, or 3D-awareness of forward/back (toward screen/away from screen).
Above: Horizontal flip would be permitted, but not vertical.
Anything else?
There are plenty of implementation details in the technical report which cover how this would work in practice.
Much of it isn't of much relevance for those not involved with implementation details, but there are some interesting tidbits within the report.
Are these modifiers?
Similar principle, but not the same implementation.
A modifier directly follows a character and changes the skin tone of the emoji prior to it.
Attributes differ in that they first specify what is to be modified - gender (G), hair (H), direction (D) or sub-region flag (F) - and then specify which attribute is to be used.
Proviso
Whether these attributes are all supported by Apple, Google, Microsoft or others is completely optional. The technical report states:
There is no requirement or expectation that all of the possible combinations — or even any large subset of them — be supported by vendors
This is similar to how all emoji support works right now. Unicode will approve emojis for use, but it's up to each platform to decide which characters or features they wish to include.
At the time of writing, Google doesn't support modifiers for skin tone in the latest version of Android 6.0.1, despite their adoption on iOS, OS X and Windows.
When can I get it?
This technical report is now available for public review. If it goes ahead, it's possible we could see vendors support the new attributes later in the year.
Feedback about this proposal can be directed to Unicode via Public Review Issue #321.
Update: work on UTS-52 has been temporarily suspended since the time of publishing this article. A new proposal specifically addressing flags for England, Scotland and Wales has been submitted to Unicode.
The Victoria Bitter ODI series has produced some of the highest television ratings of this Australian summer of cricket, with a peak national audience of more than 2.7 million people tuning in on the Nine Network for Australia's series-clinching win at the MCG on Sunday night.
Having peaked at more than 2.6 million nationally for both of the opening two matches of the series, game three peaked at 2.784 million around the country on the Nine Network as Glenn Maxwell steered Australia to a third consecutive victory.
The 1.392 million average across the five Australian metro cities during Sunday night's run chase makes it the second-highest rating session of cricket this summer, behind only the 1.614 million that tuned in for the first night session of the historic Day-Night Test in Adelaide in late November.
Watch: Maxi magic seals series for Australia
The ODI series has been responsible for three of the top five highest metro ratings this summer, with two matches still to come in Canberra on Wednesday and Sydney on Saturday.
The ratings for this series means that cricket has delivered 12 of the top 30 most-watched sports programs on Australian television since the start of 2015, according to numbers from Oztam.
Quick single: Young gun Travis ahead of their time
Four of the 12 came during the ICC World Cup in February and March last year, five have been other ODI matches outside the World Cup while the other three have been from the Nine Network's coverage of Test matches.
"We're delighted with the ratings for this ODI series so far, as we have been for previous one-day series," said Nine's executive director of cricket Brad McNamara.
"It's been widely reported that one-day international cricket is dying, but that's not something we're seeing in the ratings."
The pulling power of the Indian team has also played a major role in some strong crowd numbers so far during this ODI series, with tickets for games four and five also selling well.
Watch: King Kohli blasts ODI ton No.24
Around 15,000 fans were in attendance for the opening match of the series at the WACA Ground on Tuesday, an impressive crowd for what was essentially a day game in a week where plenty of Australians returned to work after the festive period.
Almost 29,000 people saw Australia chase down another record target in game two at The Gabba on Friday night, with the matches in Perth and Brisbane being the final international fixtures at those venues this summer.
A total of 47,638 fans watched game three at the MCG on Sunday night and another bumper crowd is expected for the second T20 international at the venue on January 29.
Watch: Magnificent Maxwell stuns India
Another 10,500 fans are expected at Canberra's Manuka Oval on Wednesday and another 35,000 anticipated at the SCG on Saturday, while more big crowds are tipped for the T20 internationals in Adelaide, Melbourne and Sydney that follow.
Meanwhile, the Nine Network has confirmed it will broadcast the three Twenty20 Internationals between the Commonwealth Bank Southern Stars and India, to be played as double-headers alongside the men's matches.
The first match, in Adelaide on January 26, will be shown on Channel 9 from 2:30pm and will be hosted by Wide World of Sports presenter, Yvonne Sampson.
The following matches in Melbourne (January 29) and Sydney (January 31) will be broadcast on GEM.
Nine Network's Head of Sport, Steve Crawley said: "There's something special about the Southern Stars, and what better way to spend Australia Day than by watching the champion T20 women's team in the afternoon against India and then the men at night."
The Nine Network has a number of experts in place for the three T20s, including Southern Stars legend Mel Jones, cricket.com.au reporter and Middlesex captain Isabelle Westbury and Nine Network reporter Caty Price, plus unprecedented access to both teams.
Great Minds Think Alike
In a pathbreaking ruling, the National Labor Relations Board announced yesterday that graduate student workers at private universities are employees with the right to organize unions.
For three decades, private universities have bitterly resisted this claim. Unions, these universities have argued, would impose a cookie-cutter, one-size-fits-all approach on the ineffably individual and heterogenous nature of graduate education. Unions might be appropriate for a factory, where all the work's the same, but they would destroy the diversity of the academy, ironing out those delicate and delightful idiosyncrasies that make each university what it is. As virtually every elite university now facing an organizing drive of its graduate students is making clear (h/t David Marcus for discovering these particular links).
Here, for example, is Columbia:
What if an individual student objected to a provision in the labor contract? Would they or they still be bound by it?
Yes. Collective bargaining is, by definition, collective in nature. This means that the union speaks and acts for all students in the bargaining unit, and the provisions in the labor contract it negotiates apply to all unit members, unless exceptions and differences are provided for explicitly in the contract.
10. What if an individual graduate student disagreed with a provision in the contract? Would they or they still be bound by it?
Yes. Collective bargaining is, as it sounds, collective in nature. That means that the union speaks for all graduate students in the bargaining unit, and the provisions in the contract it negotiates apply to all unit members, unless exceptions and differences are provided for in the agreement.
What if an individual graduate student objected to a provision in the labor contract? Would they or they still be bound by it?
Yes. Collective bargaining is, as it sounds, collectivist in nature. This means that the union speaks and acts for all graduate students in the bargaining unit, and the provisions in the labor contract it negotiates apply to all unit members, unless exceptions and differences are provided for in the contract.
What if an individual graduate student objected to a provision in the labor contract? Would they or they still be bound by it? Yes. Collective bargaining focuses on graduate students as a group, not as individuals. This means that a union would speak and act for all graduate students in the bargaining unit, and the provisions in the labor contract would apply to all unit members, unless exceptions are provided for in the contract.
Here's Yale Here's the University of Chicago And here's Princeton Casual readers might conclude that the only thing standardized and cookie-cutter about unions in elite universities is the argument against them.
Or perhaps it's just that great minds sometimes really do think alike.
By: Stephanie Pappas, LiveScience Senior Writer
Published: 12/18/2012 01:56 PM EST on LiveScience
A chemical in the brain may explain why some people become suicidal — and it may link inflammation of the body to disorders of the mind.
According to new research, suicidal individuals have elevated levels of quinolinic acid in the fluid surrounding the central nervous system. The discovery could explain a missing link between inflammation and mental illness, said study researcher Lena Brundin, a professor of translational science and molecular medicine at Michigan State University. Previously, scientists had linked suicidal feelings to the kind of bodily inflammation that occurs during illness or stress, but they weren't able to explain how inflammation could translate to depression, hopelessness and a desire to kill oneself.
The new study of 100 Swedish patients finds that the higher the level of quinolinic acid in the spinal fluid, the stronger their desire to commit suicide.
"The sicker the patient, the higher the quinolinic acid," Brundin told LiveScience.
The roots of suicide
There were nearly 37,000 suicide deaths in 2009 in the United States and 633,000 emergency room visits for self-inflicted injury, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Between 2000 and 2009, suicide surpassed car accidents as the No. 1 cause of injury-related deaths in the United States, according to research released in September.
But risk factors for suicide can be tricky to pin down. Brundin and their colleagues previously found that suicidal patients had higher levels of cytokines, protein molecules associated with inflammation. Inflammation is an immune response; in the short term, it's crucial for moving immune cells to the source of a wound or infection. But when inflammatory responses become chronic, they can damage the body.
Studies in mice have also found that an overactive immune system appears to be linked to depression. However, researchers didn't understand how the process of inflammation might influence mental health.
"We still were missing the link between inflammation and what was actually happening to the brain cells," Brundin said. [Top 10 Controversial Psychiatric Disorders]
To find out, Brundin and their colleagues tested 100 Swedish adults for quinolinic acid, a compound known to be generated by inflammation and to have an effect in the brain due to its similarities to the neurotransmitter glutamate. This is a tough compound to test for, requiring not a simple blood draw but the extraction of cerebrospinal fluid, the clear, yellowish liquid that cushions the brain and spinal cord.
About two-thirds of the Swedish participants were tested right after hospitalization for a suicide attempt. The rest were healthy. The results revealed that the stronger the urge to commit suicide, the higher the levels of quinolinic acid in the spinal fluid.
Hope for treatments
The researchers did not compare the suicidal patients with severely depressed but not suicidal individuals, so it's not clear whether quinolinic acid is linked only to suicide or to difficult-to-treat depression more broadly. Either way, Brundin said, the research suggests a need to widen depression treatments beyond those used today, which are usually based around the neurotransmitter serotonin.
Specifically, the neurotransmitter glutamate might offer new avenues for treatment. Glutamate is the neurotransmitter that quinolinic acid mimics. In a healthy brain, it plays an important role in exciting nerve cells. However, the discovery that quinolinic acid contributes to suicide or depression by playing copycat to glutamate suggests that targeting this neurotransmitter could provide relief.
Already, small studies have suggested the anesthetic ketamine, when injected into the bloodstream, can banish suicidal symptoms within hours, Brundin said. Ketamine has anti-glutamate effects.
"If the pharmaceutical industry can continue developing anti-glutamate medication, I think that might be a great hope for suicidal and depressive patients," Brundin said.
Brundin and their colleagues will report their findings in a forthcoming issue of the journal Neuropsychopharmacology.
Follow Stephanie Pappas on Twitter @sipappas or LiveScience @livescience. We're also on Facebook & Google+.
Copyright 2012 LiveScience, a TechMediaNetwork company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
WASHINGTON (CNN) -- A key Republican leader demanded Sunday that House Speaker Nancy Pelosi produce evidence to back up their assertion that they were misled by the CIA on the use of so-called "enhanced interrogation techniques."
Republican leader John Boehner demanded that House Speaker prove their claim that the CIA misled Congress.
Last week, Pelosi reiterated an earlier claim that they were briefed by the CIA on such techniques only once -- in September 2002 -- and that they were told at the time that the techniques were not being used.
A recently released Justice Department memo, however, says the CIA used waterboarding at least 83 times in August 2002 in the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah, a suspected al Qaeda leader imprisoned at U.S. facilities in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
Waterboarding, which simulates drowning, has been described by critics as torture.
"Lying to the Congress of the United States is a crime," House Minority Leader John Boehner, R-Ohio, said on CNN's "State of the Union."
"If the speaker is accusing the CIA and other intelligence officials of lying or misleading the Congress, then they should come forward with evidence and turn that over to the Justice Department so they be prosecuted. And if that's not the case, I think they ought to apologize to our intelligence professionals around the world."
Boehner said they have received intelligence briefings from the CIA for three and a half years and has "never felt" misled. They also claimed that Pelosi "has, at times, objected to activities that were approved by the president. Those activities were changed as a result of their objection."
On Thursday, Pelosi said the briefing they received from the CIA was incomplete and inaccurate, and they called on the agency to release a full transcript of the briefing. They also accused Republicans of jumping on reports of the briefings to cause a distraction.
The speaker's comments prompted CIA Director Leon Panetta to stand up for the agency on Friday and challenge Pelosi on their assertion that the CIA had misled them
"There is a long tradition in Washington of making political hay out of our business. It predates my service with this great institution, and it will be around long after I'm gone. But the political debates about interrogation reached a new decibel level yesterday when the CIA was accused of misleading Congress." Panetta said in a letter to agency employees.
"Let me be clear: It is not our policy or practice to mislead Congress. That is against our laws and our values. As the agency indicated previously in response to congressional inquiries, our contemporaneous records from September 2002 indicate that CIA officers briefed truthfully on the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah, describing 'the enhanced techniques that had been employed.' Ultimately, it is up to Congress to evaluate all the evidence and reach its own conclusions about what happened."
Pelosi later Friday issued a response to Panetta in which they shifted their criticism from the CIA to the Bush administration.
"My criticism of the manner in which the Bush administration did not appropriately inform Congress is separate from my respect for those in the intelligence community who work to keep our country safe," they wrote.
"What is important now is to be united in our commitment to ensuring the security of our country; that, and how Congress exercises its oversight responsibilities, will continue to be my focus as we move forward."
Pelosi wants the classified notes of their 2002 briefing on waterboarding declassified because, they have said, they will show that they aren't told that harsh techniques such as waterboarding were being used.
The top Republican on the Senate Intelligence Committee said they have read the notes from Pelosi's disputed 2002 briefing and insists to CNN that she's wrong.
"The record shows Speaker Pelosi was briefed that the techniques were used on Abu Zubaydah," Sen. Kit Bond, R-Missouri, said in a written statement.
That appears to back up CIA records declassified last week, which say that on September 4, 2002, Pelosi and Republican Rep. Porter Goss of Florida were briefed on enhanced interrogation techniques.
In the Senate, Republican Richard Shelby of Alabama and Democrat Bob Graham of Florida were briefed together in September 2002 but have very different accounts of the briefing.
Through a spokesperson, Shelby said CIA officials gave them a full account of harsh techniques.
"To their recollection, not only did the CIA briefers provide what was purported to be a full account of the techniques, they also described the need for these techniques and the value of the information being obtained from terrorists during questioning," Jonathan Graffeo said in a written statement.
"The Senate briefing also included an explanation of how these techniques were consistent with the law and with the national security interests of the U.S. ... While there was a great deal of discussion, there were no objections raised during the Senate briefing."
Graffeo added, "To Senator Shelby's recollection of the Senate briefing, waterboarding was one of the (enhanced interrogation techniques) the CIA said it had used."
But Graham insists they were told nothing about waterboarding or other harsh tactics.
"The briefing was done at a relatively low level of classification and did not get into these more sensitive areas of torture or the application of techniques to specific detainees," Graham said. "... The briefing, according to the statement in my notebook, was on detainee interrogation, but it did not include waterboarding or any particular person to whom that had been applied."
All About Nancy Pelosi • John Boehner • Central Intelligence Agency • Leon Panetta
President Trump's adviser Kellyanne Conway was unrepentant Thursday night for using their White House position to promote first daughter Ivanka Trump's fashion brand, despite a backlash from ethics experts and public officials.
Them comment to "go buy Ivanka Trump stuff" was made from the White House Thursday morning while talking to Fox News.
The White House said later in the day that Conway had been "counseled" about the matter.
And in a remarkable rebuke to the White House, a bipartisan letter was sent to the Office of Government Ethics Thursday, asking that office to determine whether they should receive a stronger disciplinary response, including suspension, demotion or dismissal.
Conway appeared again on Fox Thursday evening and, when asked about the uproar, said, "I'm not going to comment on that... I have nothing more to say about it." They said that the president "supports me 100%."
"At some point, I hope American women work for a boss that treats them the way President Trump treated me today," Conway said.
Conway said that the White House is "aware of the letter" to the ethics office and is "reviewing it internally."
The letter was authored by Representative Elijah Cummings, a Democrat, and Jason Chaffetz, Republican chairperson of the House Oversight Committee.
It warned, "In this case, there is an additional challenge, which is that the President, as the ultimate disciplinary authority for the White House employees, has an inherent conflict of interest since Conway's statements relate to their daughter's private business."
"For this reason, we request that you use authority Congress granted to you...to 'recommend to [Trump] the appropriate disciplinary action (such as reprimand, suspension, demotion or dismissal) be brought against'" Conway.
A day earlier, the president had attacked Nordstrom department stores for dropping their daughter's line of clothing and accessories.
Ethics lawyers, lawmakers and government watchdog organizations called for investigations into Conway's endorsement, and suggested or said outright that they had violated government ethics law.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters that Conway has been "counseled on that subject, and that's it." They did not elaborate.
Conway was appearing on "Fox & Friends" when an interviewer raised the subject of Ivanka Trump. Conway praised the president's daughter as a "very successful business person" and a "champion for women empowerment," and offered statistics about how many stores sell them merchandise.
"Go buy Ivanka's stuff, is what I would tell you," Conway said. "It's a wonderful line. I own some of it. I fully -- I'm going to be just, I'm going to give a free commercial here: Go buy it today, everybody. You can find it online."
Related: Trump's Nordstrom blast retweeted by @POTUS
Federal law says that public employees may not use their positions "for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, or persons with whom the employee is affiliated in a nongovernmental capacity."
Cummings earlier called Conway's TV plug "a textbook violation of government ethics laws and regulations enacted to prevent the abuse of an employee's government position." Chaffetz did not immediately respond to a request for comment.
Larry Noble, the general counsel of the Campaign Legal Center, a nonpartisan organization of election law experts, said that in their opinion, Conway "may have violated the law."
An ethics group, Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington, asked for the Office of Government Ethics and the White House counsel's office to look into the "apparent violation of law" and to "take any necessary discipline against her."
The Office of Government Ethics advises executive branch officials on how to avoid conflicts of interest. Its director harshly criticized Trump last month for their decision to not divest ownership of their business interests.
Related: Is Ivanka Trump's brand losing its bling?
The office did not return a request for comment, but it said in a series of tweets that it was fielding an "extraordinary volume" of phone calls, emails and web traffic from citizens in response to "recent events."
The ethics office stressed that it does not have enforcement power, like Congress or the FBI. When it learns of possible ethics violations, it said, it contacts the relevant agency and provides guidance.
1/OGE's website, phone system and email system are receiving an extraordinary volume of contacts from citizens about recent events. — U.S. OGE (@OfficeGovEthics) February 9, 2017
Richard Painter, who served as chief ethics lawyer in the George W. Bush administration, said they would not address whether any White House official was violating the law.
But they said public officials, when giving speeches or interviews in an official capacity, may not promote the products of "a particular private business belonging to the employee's own family, the President's family, a friend, a campaign contributor or anyone else."
"That was strictly forbidden in the Bush administration because it is illegal," they said.
Stan Brand, a former chief legal officer for the House of Representatives, said that Conway's endorsement appeared to be "technically a violation."
They suggested it was doubtful that any law enforcement official would pursue "a single statement like this," but they said "a pattern or practice of such conduct could become a problem."
Related: Nordstrom stock defies Trump
Nordstrom said last week that it would no longer carry Ivanka Trump's line of clothing ando accessories because of "brand performance." An online campaign called #GrabYourWallet has encouraged shoppers to boycott Ivanka Trump merchandise.
In addition, the company that owns TJ Maxx and Marshalls said that it recently sent a memo to workers instructing them not to highlight the Ivanka Trump brand in stores. It did not provide a reason for those instructions.
And the Belk department store chain said it plans to pull Ivanka Trump products from its website, but will continue to offer them in stores. Belk said the decision was a response to customer feedback.
On Wednesday, Trump tore into Nordstrom for mistreating their daughter.
"My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom.  They are a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!" they tweeted.
The message was retweeted by the official presidential Twitter account, @POTUS, and raised eyebrows among ethics lawyers.
Noble said the president's tweet was "totally out of line."
Related: Ethics office swamped with calls after Conway plugs Ivanka Trump line
"He should not be promoting their daughter's line, they should not be attacking a company that has business dealings with their daughter, and it just shows the massive amount of problems we have with their business holdings and their family's business holdings," Noble said Wednesday.
The rules on endorsements by public officials exempt the president and vice president.
Sean Spicer, the White House press secretary, defended the president's use of the @POTUS handle to discuss their daughter's business.
"This was less about their family's business and an attack on their daughter," they told reporters on Wednesday.
--CNNMoney's Cristina Alesci and CNN's Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report.
Australian PlantBank to safeguard diversity
Updated
The largest seed bank in the southern hemisphere is being constructed in Sydney's south-west to help prevent a loss to the planet's diversity of flora.
Scientists are collecting and housing a range of plants and seeds to fill Mt Annan's PlantBank, which is being built under the management of the Australian Botanic Gardens.
It will eventually house up to 25,000 plant species not only from Australia, but from across the Asia-Pacific.
Project manager Brett Summerell says the PlantBank will be a form of "ultimate insurance".
"If something calamitous happens then we're able to extract the seed from the seed bank, re-grow them, and in some cases re-vegetate areas so that the plants are still existing," they said.
The bank will include a super-sized refrigerated vault to house trays and envelopes full of seeds.
Mr Summerell says the seeds are sealed under a vacuum so that they will last a long time.
"We've just been discussing how long these seeds are among the research group here, and the tests that we've done so far indicate some of these seeds could survive for up to 6,000 years under these sorts of conditions," they said.
Global initiative
The United Nations Environment Program identifies Australia as one of 12 "mega diverse" countries and fifth in the world for its mega diversity of flora.
Mt Annan's PlantBank follows similar initiatives around the world, including the Svalbard seed vault in Norway.
Mr Summerell says the Svalbard's seed bank is built right into the permafrost.
"It's not conditions that we can actually mimic too well here, but certainly the whole process of seed preservation and collecting - we share information with organisations like that and also with the Royal Botanic Gardens in Kew in the United Kingdom," they said.
The Mt Annan bank will be used to research the best conditions to keep different types of seeds.
"For example, rainforest seeds in northern New South Wales and Queensland are very, very difficult to preserve because they're fleshy fruited, usually very short-lived, so we want to develop techniques and conditions, maybe using liquid nitrogen - cryopreservation - so that we're able to store species like that as well," Mr Summerell said.
"Also, we want to start to work more in the other end of the seed banking program which is not just keeping the seed - having a collection - but also getting the seed out of the collection so that you can bring restoration programs and re-vegetation programs for threatened communities both locally and across the country."
Threats to diversity
Mr Summerell says land clearing, temperature changes and plant diseases are the biggest threats to plant diversity in this region.
"There's a new disease - myrtle rust - which is likely to have a very, very big impact on those species. They seem to be very susceptible and likely to be very adversely affected," they said.
"We're really wanting to focus on those species and make sure we have them in the seed bank in case something particularly unpleasant happens with this disease.
"And these plant communities are also under threat a lot from the impact of land clearing and urbanisation in the northern New South Wales coastal regions, so they are important plant groups that we want to focus on."
Mt Annan's PlantBank will open at the end of this year.
Topics: biological-diversity, environment, climate-change, conservation, mount-annan-2567, nsw, australia
First posted
Everton Football Club has agreed a deal to appoint Patrick Lodewijks as first-team goalkeeping coach.The 49-year-old is set to join Ronald Koeman's backroom team from Feyenoord on completion of the necessary paperwork.Lodewijks previously worked alongside the new Blues manager during their time at the helm of the Eredivisie side.He has occupied a similar coaching position at Feyenoord since 2007 and also been in charge of the Dutch club's under-21s team.As a goalkeeper, Lodewijks made over 350 appearances during a 20-year career in Dutch football.He started out professionally at PSV Eindhoven where they first linked up with Koeman before moving to Groningen in 1989 and offering over 11 years of service.Lodewijks then returned to PSV before ending their career at Feyenoord and making the transition into coaching.He joins Erwin Koeman and Jan Kluitenberg at Goodison Park after the pair took up the respective assistant manager and fitness coach roles last week.
An electrical worker local in San Francisco found itself in a mortifying situation: one of its members was outed as an active white supremacist. Wireman John Ramondetta had traveled to Charlottesville this August to march alongside Nazis and the KKK.
“For the membership as a whole there is disappointment, embarrassment, and disgust,” said Electrical Workers (IBEW) Local 6 Business Manager John Doherty. “The overriding theme is 'We're being tied to this guy!' They don't reflect our values.”
When someone put up flyers at Ramondetta's worksite, quoting their racist comments and saying “No brother of ours!” they quit the job. Doherty put out a letter saying the local “condemns white nationalism and white supremacy, as they are in stark conflict with the express goals of our organization.”
Most local unions won't face such visible examples of racism nor of protest, but a majority will face tensions over the politics of race. Because this is America, and racism is embedded in just about every institution we've got. Forty-three percent of those in union households voted for Donald Trump despite or because of their antagonism toward Black people and immigrants.
Given that the most bedrock union principle is “an injury to one is an injury to all”—solidarity—we ought to be at the forefront of combating the isms that divide us over race, gender, immigration status. What can unions do to create the understanding that leads to unity?
IN DENIAL
Wendy Thompson, a white woman, worked in a majority-Black Detroit auto plant for 33 years. They say they cannot remember a single time when they were in the women's restroom with only white workers that someone did not use the N word.
They also saw a lot of denial. When a noose was found hanging in their plant, and union leaders united to denounce the provocation, many of the white workers jumped their brains through hoops to argue that a noose wasn't necessarily a racist symbol: “Plenty of people have been hanged who weren't Black,” they reasoned.
Terry Day and Joe Fahey—one African American, one white—run workshops on racism for unions. “We are trying to assist in addressing this divide by creating a process and method,” Day said. Part of their method is “struggle of white workers with other white workers.” For a portion of their workshops, they separate members by race, finding that that tactic promotes openness.
Fahey says they try to “lower the threshold of what people define as racist and find ways of acting against it before it reaches the threshold of Charlottesville or member-to-member harassment.
“For white people to talk about racism,” Fahey believes, “it has to be very high-profile, and far away, with death involved and it's talked about on the nightly news. But that's not how racism works. It works on a daily grind level.
“White people need to talk about racism more and have a place to go where they can talk about it. That way the more they'll notice it and the more opportunities they'll have to do something about it.”
COMMUNICATING WORKERS
Communications Workers District 1 in the Northeast is creating ways for workers of different races or ethnicities to talk with each other.
The union is not perfect. “I have seen racism and sexism displayed on CWA social media pages, mostly by members in the comments, and certainly on the picket line,” says district organizer Bianca Cunningham, who was fired by Verizon Wireless after helping organize the union there. “My experience is that most of this behavior is overlooked.”
But the district has been taking on the isms in a concerted way through education and....talking. It has set up day-long workshops based on the book Runaway Inequality by Les Leopold. The workshops don't look only at the devastating changes in the economy that union members are familiar with—that kind of inequality.
Trainers (CWA members off the shop floor) also show how the U.S. became “incarceration nation” by putting millions of people of color behind bars. Attendees learn to startle facts such as the wealth gap between races—Black college graduates own much less wealth on average than white high school dropouts.
“We have had straight white working class men who have cried and had revelations that they themselves are racist or xenophobic,” says Cunningham, who is Black.
LISTENING TO IMMIGRANTS
In the district's Staten Island Local 1102, half the members are white men who work for Verizon. The other half are call center workers who are mostly African American and Latina women, at a different employer.
It sounds like a recipe for division, but 1102 leaders are careful to make sure the two groups are brought together. “Whenever we have trainings or events, core groups from both units are there,” says President Steve Lawton. “They've built a camaraderie, the leaders of the two groups have each other's backs. We have people from both units working on a Vision Forward committee that is mapping out the long-term goals of the union.”
Best-Selling Book Secrets of a successful organizer A step-by-step guide to building power on the job. Buy Now. »
The local supports a Staten Island worker center that organizes immigrants—not without controversy. One of the local's most successful events was to bring an undocumented immigrant to the union hall for a luncheon where members could ask questions.
Speaking of some conservative Verizon leaders, Lawton said, “They listened to an undocumented worker talk about their experiences, why coming here legally is not an option for the poor.
“Everybody who came to that luncheon had a positive reflection about that day. 'I never knew,' they said to me.”
None of this would be possible if the leaders promoting it didn't have credibility—such as that gained by leading a successful strike at Verizon last year.
And CWA members say much of the success of the “Inequality” workshops is due to the fact that members conduct them. “Because it's the nurse from your local hospital who you work with, or the phone guy at your garage who you see all the time,” says Margarita Hernandez, a program coordinator, “it really changes the conversations and how comfortable people are in speaking up.”
TEACHERS TEACH EACH OTHER
The National Education Association has established the St. Paul Institute to help locals who want to “move to an organizing model,” says Caitlin Reid, a pre-K teacher in St. Paul, Minnesota, and local executive board member. Reid is one of the rank-and-file teachers who get released from school to do trainings for teachers who come from around the country.
The St. Paul school system, Reid says, is “primarily white teachers teaching primarily students of color,” with a large immigrant and refugee community.
One of the Institute's introductory activities is for teachers in small groups to look at political cartoons and infographics posted on the walls, dealing with income inequality and racial disparities in income, housing, and school segregation.
“We ask starter questions and they discuss in their groups,” Reid explained. “We get a lot of 'wow, this is really profound.' They immediately say, 'can I get copies of these?'
“Even when it was a more conservative local with Trump-supporting leaders, they still seemed to be participating in the conversation.”
The training covers both racial issues and economics. The teachers believe presenting hard facts works for their members. “We say, “It's not personal, this is the reality,'” Reid said.
The teacher-trainers may later visit the locals that visited, to help support them in their campaign or organizing.
X Sports News via Nate1. [+621, -285] It is similar but aren't all Christmas concept outfits similar?2. [+456, -182] I'd see it as problematic if Momoiro used that dress as a promotion concept but it's just one member who personally wore it... This would fit more under the title of same dress, different feel, not copying or anything. Holiday outfit concepts are all similar anyway, might as well call anyone who's wearing a Santa suit plagirizing.3. [+41, -7] Let's draw a line... There needs to be a reason for criticism but this is just unnecessary.4. [+36, -6] All Christmas outfits look the same, how is this controversial at all5. [+35, -4] If we're talking about copying outfits, how about we talk about Lee Hyori copying Amuro Namie and Lady Gaga? And I guess all those singers who release carol albums are plagiarizing Santa Claus? ㅋㅋㅋStar News via Naver1. [+1,606, -253] Don't all Christmas outfits look the same?2. [+1,062, -165] Anyone can wear something like that...3. [+934, -138] Might as well accuse them of plagiarizing a Christmas tree4. [+1,014, -289] What do you want us to do about it... No one cares, why is this on the main page5. [+130, -49] Just leave them alone.. how is this plagiarizing
Since conservative opposition to [mc_name name='Rep. John Boehner (R-OH)' chamber='house' mcid='B000589′ ] forced them to resign, and with the subsequent withdrawal of their anointed successor [mc_name name='Rep. Kevin McCarthy (R-CA)' chamber='house' mcid='M001165′ ] from the Speakers race, Illinois Republican member of congress Adam Kinzinger has stepped forward as a leader for the moderate establishment wing for the Republican Party in their assault against the House Freedom Caucus, the 40 or so Tea Party conservatives responsible for ruining the GOP establishments plans to continue to surrender to the Obama, Reid, Pelosi agenda.
Kinzinger and other establishment Republicans like Pete King of New York and [mc_name name='Rep. Charlie Dent (R-PA)' chamber='house' mcid='D000604′ ] of Pennsylvania are becoming increasingly vocal in their anger and displeasure at the House Freedom Caucus and the forces that are behind them including conservative organizations, talk radio, and the Party's grassroots base.
Because of this newfound vigor to attack conservatives and the Tea Party, Vox of all places late this week openly suggested that Kinzinger and their fellow moderates join with [mc_name name='Rep. Nancy Pelosi (D-CA)' chamber='house' mcid='P000197′ ] and the Democrats to propel their unnamed candidate as Speaker to victory. Why not Kinzinger and 40 other moderate Republicans just joined with the Democrats to force a vote to reauthorize the Export-Import Bank onto the House floor.
These same moderate Republicans have been used by Boehner and McCarthy in the past to work with Democrats to pass continuing resolutions, and other budget and debt deals over the last 5 years so whats to stop them from doing it again to make sure someone they want becomes Speaker of the House, ensuring that the status quo remains unchanged and that those responsible for Boehner's ouster and the ruination of McCarthy's coronation are severely punished.
And Adam Kinzinger most certainly wants to punish the House Freedom Caucus and acknowledged he's taking a leadership role for the establishment in an interview with Crain's Chicago saying, “I'm a leader of the party, and I'm worried that we're alienating the people”.
At the beginning of the month Kinzinger told the Chicago Sun-Times that the Freedom Caucus, talk radio, and conservative groups such as the Heritage Foundation and FreedomWorks whipped up anger and dissent within the Republican Party and voters to raise money.
On Monday Kinzinger outright said on 1440 WROK in Rockford that the House Freedom Caucus has been hurtful to the Republican Party, saying “now they're(House Freedom Caucus) willing to put our fights out in public and I think that's been pretty hurtful(to the GOP).”
In a Tuesday op-ed in Crain's Chicago Kinzinger said that talk radio, conservative groups, and the Freedom Caucus had hijacked the Tea Party label for profit and were destroying the party from the inside and wholly embraced [mc_name name='Rep. John Boehner (R-OH)' chamber='house' mcid='B000589′ ]'s characterization of their critics as “false prophets”, while continually lying about being a true Tea Party conservative himself. In that piece Kinzinger also suggested that they were going to fight tooth and nail against the Tea Party, talk radio, conservative groups, and the House Freedom Caucus to save the Republican Party from them and welcomes all the slings and arrows that they expect to come theirs way.
On Wednesday Kinzinger was telling leftwing rag and favorite outlet of the GOP establishment Politico, in a quote that got picked up by Daniel Horowitz at Conservative Review and read on air by Mark levin, said that they and the other establishment Republicans in the House were done giving compromises to the conservatives and that [mc_name name='Rep. John Boehner (R-OH)' chamber='house' mcid='B000589′ ]'s scalp was enough, “The question isn't on us, it's on the so-called Freedom Caucus — I don't call them the Freedom Caucus — do they want to be part of a united caucus, or do they want to continue how they are?” asked [mc_name name='Rep. Adam Kinzinger (R-IL)' chamber='house' mcid='K000378′ ] (R-Ill.). “A lot of us say this, I respect them as legislators, and a lot of them are my friends. But they got the scalp of [Speaker John] Boehner, in their mind, and I think we're done giving them concessions.” Of course this was before McCarthy would withdraw from the Speakers race due in no small part to the Freedom Caucus as a group backing [mc_name name='Rep. Daniel Webster (R-FL)' chamber='house' mcid='W000806′ ] of Florida's bid to be Speaker.
Thursday Kinzinger was telling 720 WGN‘s Roe Conn and Anna Davlantes that McCarthy was made to drop out of the Speakers race because the House Freedom Caucus had, “Made unrealistic demands of him.” Kinzinger also said that the House Freedom Caucus and their conservative allies had too much power and criticized them for their name say, “We're all for freedom, you can call yourself whatever you want.”
Thursday night when asked by CNN's Wolf Blitzer if the fight between GOP leadership and the moderates and the House Freedom Caucus conservatives was hurting the Republican Party, “I don't think it helps…That's been a concern of mine with the Republican Party is united behind our common principles so it doesn't help, I think, to send a question to the American people about our ability to govern.” Later Kinzinger attacked North Carolina member of congress [mc_name name='Rep. Walter Jones (R-NC)' chamber='house' mcid='J000255′ ] over their advice to their fellow Republicans that the next Speaker not have any scandals hiding in their closets saying, “You know people haven't taken them overly seriously in a long time out here(Washington DC).”
This is a lot of chutzpah for someone who is a major amnesty supporter and the co-chair of Jeb Bush's Illinois presidential campaign. Is leading the effort to get the Export-Import bank brought back to life. Continually criticized anyone for wanting to defund Planned Parenthood during the continuing resolution fight last month. Regularly attacks [mc_name name='Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX)' chamber='senate' mcid='C001098′ ], [mc_name name='Sen. Rand Paul (R-KY)' chamber='senate' mcid='P000603′ ], and Donald Trump and went after Matt Drudge over Obamatrade. Supporters the NSA's bulk data collection of Americans phone records. And has simply lied to people since they first announced they wanted to be a congressional candidate in 2010.
Adam Kinzinger can think he's going to lead to war to defeat the House Freedom Caucus and the Tea Party and that that will be their final stepping stone towards being [mc_name name='Sen. Mark Kirk (R-IL)' chamber='senate' mcid='K000360′ ]'s replacement in the Senate all they want. But as the John Steinbeck wrote in Of Mice and Men, the best laid plans often go awry.
cross posted from USofArn.com
MTV
Tune into their Movie Awards performance on Sunday at 8 p.m. ET on MTV.
Fall Out Boy are going to take us into "Trap Queen" territory when they perform with Fetty Wap at the Movie Awards on Sunday at 8 p.m. ET, but for now, all they want to do is talk about truffle butter.
I'll wait while you look that up that very NSFW definition on Urban Dictionary.
The band is taking over Fetty's "Trap Queen," but when MTV News asked them to define what a trap queen actually was, Pete Wentz only wanted to work in a truffle butter reference -- much to Patrick Stump's disdain.
Joe Trohman says a "trap queen" is a "powerful woman," if you were wondering.
So how did Fall Out Boy and Fetty Wap get together to sing about trap queens in the first place?
"I think we were in Australia and I was playing ['Trap Queen'] for everybody," Wentz told us after their Movie Awards rehearsal on Saturday. "We reached out to them about maybe doing something collaborative. They were into it."
The guys told us that we can expect something a little "heavier," pulling influence from the Chicago punk scene they came up in. Come Sunday, they'll be embracing the open bar for famous people, and, despite being four of those famous people, they'll still be in shock that they're playing such a big award show.
"I think there's definitely like, some clerical error that gets Fall Out Boy onstage in front of Chris Pratt -- in front of people who are very good at what they do," Stump said. OK, so Pratt probably won't be there, but we get what they mean: it's gonna be awesome.
Fijians are bracing themselves for a cyclone officials say is likely to hit the Pacific nation early on Monday.
Authorities scrambled to evacuate tourists and residents in low-lying areas on Sunday, and shops and homes were boarded up across the island.
More than 60 evacuation centres have been set up in Fiji
After causing death and devastation in Samoa, Cyclone Evan intensified as it ploughed through the Pacific and forecasters said destructive winds could reach nearly 300 kilometres per hour by the time it hits Fiji early Monday.
"I cannot stress enough how serious this is. Every Fijian will be affected but we must take preventative steps now," Fijian Prime Minister Voreqe Bainimarama told the nation of about 900,000 on Saturday.
In the past few days, the storm battered the island of Samoa, where four people were killed, several others were missing and many homes destroyed.
Squally thunderstorms were expected to flood low-lying areas of Fiji while coastal villages were at risk of sea flooding, authorities said.
The international airport at Nadi was packed as 850 tourists were removed from luxury resorts on outlying islands,
Many residents were stocking up on essentials such as bottled water.
"We always expect the worst," said Beverly McElrath, a resident of Nadi on the main island of Viti Levu.
Another shopper also filling their supermarket trolley with food and water was pragmatic about the cyclone.
"We've been following it pretty closely, all the maps and everything," they said. "But you know, what else can we
do? Just stock up, sit nicely."
The Fijian government said more than 60 evacuation centres have been set up.
Attention! This news was published on the old version of the website. There may be some problems with news display in specific browser versions.
D-3 torpedo boat: Warrior of the North
The Soviet D-3 torpedo boats were produced at the same time as the G-5 boats, but were capable of completing a far greater range of tasks than their competitors. Meet a new boat in the USSR tech tree!
The small D-3 torpedo boat was designed in Leningrad throughout 1939-1940. In August 1940, an experimental prototype was accepted for testing by the Black Sea Fleet, the boat being deployed in the same year. Although the D-3 differed only slightly from the G-5 in their armament and size, they showed excellent potential in terms of the tasks it could complete. The D-3 stood out from its competitor with their higher maneuverability and range, reliability of parts and of the design as a whole, their improved navigational equipment and the presence of a habitable deck allowed the D-3 to be used as a light and quick landing transport.
The military effectiveness of the D-3 boat is perfectly illustrated by the actions of these vessels in the course of the amazingly successful landing operation by the Soviet Northern Fleet in Liinakhamari and the military action that preceded the winning stroke. The D-3 boats not only effectively fought against Axis convoys, but also played a decisive role in capturing artillery batteries at the fiord of Petsamo, delivering landing parties to enemy fortifications under devastating fire from the shore. This military operation showed the excellent survivability of the D-3 – although their hull was constructed from wood of various types, the torpedo boats could withstand hundreds of penetrating hits and still get their crew out from under enemy fire.
In War Thunder, the D-3 torpedo boat is coming to the lower ranks of the Soviet naval tech tree.  They are a small vessel, a little more than 22 meters in length, with a water displacement of 36 tons. Them powertrain consists of three GAM-34 gasoline engines, which provide the boat with a maximum speed of 32 knots (60 km/h).
Download Wallpaper: 1280x1024 | 1920x1080 | 2560x1440
The boat is armed with two 533 mm calibre 53-38 torpedoes – the same as equipped on the G-5, but this time launched by being dropped overboard in line with the boat's direction of movement. The D-3 has a complement of 9 crew members and is equipped with two high-calibre DShK cannons and depth charges.
The D-3 torpedo boat will be one of the first boats available for testing to participants of War Thunder's naval warfare closed beta test. Raise your anchors and be among the first testers of the War Thunder navy. See you in battle!
Naval Forces Closed Beta devblog:
The War Thunder Team!
Hitler's birthday, 20 April, was a special day in the Nazi calendar and normally a cause for parades and festivities across the German Reich. Not long before the beginning of the war, 20 April 1939, Hitler had celebrated their 50th birthday. The photograph to the left shows SS-Reichsfuehrer Heinrich Himmler marking that occasion by presenting their Fuehrer with a specially printed edition of Mein Kampf.
This week in the war, on 20 April 1945, Hitler spent their birthday in the bleak concrete environment of the Fuehrerbunker, several meters beneath the surface of their capital.
Visitors included Keitel, Jodl, Ribbentrop, Speer, and Bormann. Hitler expressed their determination to remain in Berlin and fight to the end.
Göring was there, ready to head off to Karinhall where their butler had organized the shipping out of their boss's art treasures. Himmler called by to pay their respects then left, secretly intent on negotiating a ceasefire with the Western Allies.
Hitler's birthday dinner was a quiet affair that evening, with only Eva and themselves and their secretaries attending.
Share this: Facebook
Email
Twitter
(Matthew Benoit/Shutterstock)
It doesn't bode well for the city's youth that the majority of its teachers-in-training can't pass a basic literacy test.
The Post writes today that a depressingly low percentage of college students training to be teachers passed the Academic Literacy Skills exam, required for the first time by the Board of Regents.
Of the 13 students who attempted it, not one student at Boricua College in the Bronx managed to pass the test. Twenty-nine percent passed at York College in Queens, 41 percent at CUNY's College of Technology in Brooklyn, 47 percent at Lehman College in the Bronx, 51 percent at City College, 54 percent at Brooklyn College and 55 percent at the College of Staten Island.
CUNY administrators appeared adequately disgusted by the abysmal pass rate. “We are not satisfied with these results, and we are working closely with our college presidents, education deans and others to ensure we do all we can to produce the quality teachers the city requires and deserves,” CUNY Chancellor James Milliken told the tabloid.
Statewide, the average pass rate was 68 percent. Students are allowed to retake the test once they've paid a fee.
As federal health authorities plan how to dole out $1.1 billion in funding recently approved by Congress to address the threat of the Zika virus, states are beginning to see some of that money trickle down to them.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention had diverted millions of dollars meant for emergency preparedness from the states to respond to Zika, which has infected 3,936 people in the mainland United States, including 836 pregnant women.
Maryland, which has reported 103 cases of Zika, is now set to get $856,366 in funding out of the $44.25 million in Public health Emergency Preparedness money meant for states and territories.
CDC officials said the money can be used for any type of emergency preparedness, including Zika.
The state Department of Health and Mental Hygiene said most of the restored funds will go to local health departments for Zika-related and other activities. It will use some of the funds to support its own Zika response through the state Office of Preparedness & Response, Office of Information Technology and Prevention and Health Promotion Administration.
Until now, Maryland and local health departments have used their own funds to distribute kits with mosquito repellent and larvicide to pregnant women most at risk from Zika, to hold educational events, and to spray for mosquitoes. The virus spread by mosquitoes cause microcephaly, a devastating birth defect in the fetuses of infected pregnant women, and other problems for babies and adults.
CAPTION Kaitlyn Dorman talks about their cancer and the Johns Hopkins clinical trial that made it disappear. (Jerry Jackson, Ulysses Muñoz) Kaitlyn Dorman talks about their cancer and the Johns Hopkins clinical trial that made it disappear. (Jerry Jackson, Ulysses Muñoz) CAPTION If you are like most exercisers, you breathe through your mouth, especially as the intensity of the exercise mounts. But experts are learning that breathing through the mouth may not be as efficient or effective as breathing through the nose. (Ulysses Muñoz / Baltimore Sun video) If you are like most exercisers, you breathe through your mouth, especially as the intensity of the exercise mounts. But experts are learning that breathing through the mouth may not be as efficient or effective as breathing through the nose. (Ulysses Muñoz / Baltimore Sun video)
As for the rest of the federal money, officials said much of it wouldn't likely be distributed to federal and state agencies until the new year.
One woman may have life-threatening injuries after crashing their vehicle into a building in a southwest Austin neighborhood Saturday afternoon.
According to Austin-Travis County EMS, the woman in their 20s was underneath the building that is believed to be owned by Shepherd of the Hills Presbyterian Church when crews arrived. The crash happened shortly before 4 p.m. at William Cannon Drive and Robert Dixon Drive.
A witness to the crash said the driver was traveling fast in the eastbound lane when they turned into the median lane, almost striking a Jeep. That's when the witness said they lost control, hit a curb and drove underneath the building.
Other drivers pulled over and called 911.
Emergency responders were able to to rescue them from the vehicle and took them to South Austin Medical Center.
Witnesses were shaken up by the crash.
"I have two boys myself, eight grandchildren," said Kathy Paulson. "To see this happen is very horrific. I mean, I was just walking, they could have hit me if I had been farther down if they had lost control. It could have been me. It could have been anyone. Anyone else could have been injured because it came so close."
Microsoft today announced the release of new Windows 10 builds for PC and mobile for people participating in the fast ring of the Windows Insider Program.
Build 14366 for PC, and build 14364 for mobile, follows build 14361, which became available last week.
With today's releases, Microsoft is kicking off its previously announced Windows 10 Anniversary Update June Bug Bash, Dona Sarkar, a software engineer in Microsoft's Windows and Devices Group, wrote in a blog post. (Historically, Gabe Aul has been the person to tell the world what's new with Windows 10 Insider builds, but they stepped down recently.) And now, Microsoft is focusing on getting the much-awaited Windows 10 Anniversary Update out the door next month, which explains why there aren't a lot of new features coming out in this build.
On the PC side, the big new thing is that you can now release Office Online in Edge — Microsoft's standard issue browser for Windows 10 — even if you don't have the Office apps installed. That's because there's a new Office Online Edge extension, which lets you view, edit, and create files inside the browser. “You can also quickly access your recent files, thanks to integration with OneDrive and OneDrive for Business,” Sarkar wrote.
The Recently Added section will now show up above the Most Used section in the Start menu with this build. And new apps will stay in that section for seven days now.
When you search Cortana and there's a .docx file you're interested in, you'll be able to access a new context menu option that lets you go right to the folder where that file is located.
Naturally, Microsoft has fixed several things about Windows 10 with these new builds. For instance, an updated Windows Store comes with better performance. And, as usual, there are known issues. For instance, the Desktop App Converter Preview (Project Centennial) isn't working in this build. See Sarkar's blog post for the full rundown.
If you want to try the new previews but you're not a Windows Insider, you can sign up here.
Wildest Patterns of 2017: Best Dream Pop/Psych Pop/Post-Punk Releases
1. Mini Dresses - Mini DressesYou'll be hard pressed to find more infectious and beautifully performed vocal melodies then the stripped down, lo-fi dream pop of Mini Dresses. Their much anticipated self-titled debut album only continues to prove it. Stacked with hit after hit of breezy, pensive ballads, the trio craft their sound from lightly detuned guitar flourishes and perfect soft-timbre vocal slides that bloom into unforgettable melodies. They are literally the soundtrack for vintage polaroids of an amazing, life-altering summer vacation.2. Gusher - GusherThe buzzing lo-fi electro dream pop of Gusher's self-titled 7” is like a drug-addled romantic's dream through the aesthetics of a 70s horror movie. The warm, sawing detune of the synths bleed across drizzled drum machine, while a duet of ghostly choral vocals float around and through it all. Though it's a brief taste of subconscious, ethereal electro-psychedelia, it's enough to dig it's claws in and never dare release you.3. Summer's June - Drag AlongThe perfect compliment to any session of late-night-sitting-up-in-bed sadness, Summer's June bring on those bedroom dream pop vibes nice and slow. Their Drag Along EP wraps itself in a comforting, empathetic soft depression that makes you feel like you're not totally alone. The lightly buzzing synth and wavy guitar lashes swirl around a pattering, thin drum machine cements these lo-fi midnight vibes as essential listening.4. Cruel Summer - IVYIVY delivers on the promise of Cruel Summer's EP offerings from several years ago, bringing their liquid, ramshackle dream pop (as well as plenty of shoegaze fuzz) into higher quality production while retaining the satisfying washed out sweep of their lo-fi days. With dizzying guitars and unique, half-spoken/half-sung lead vocals, IVY is a delightful, paisley blast of surf punk heart and chiming dream pop sinew.5. Forest Dweller - Deer's Antlers and River FlowThe debut album from Forest Dweller, Deer's Antlers and River Flow, strolls around like a lost 70s soundtrack to a nature documentary, filled with warm, golden-brown vibrations and a sleepy disposition. It's distinctive bit of lo-fi dream pop that blankets your ears in a humid, mystifying haze - bent and woolen guitar chords, barely-there vocals, slow-motion somersault bass lines all work their magic to cover into the best lazy daydream.6. Being Awone (Wilt) - Hand MirrorBeing Awone (Wilt)'s debut album, Hand Mirror, flits through the brain like a scrapbook of memories and artifacts, some connected, some random, but all sounding great. The album is strangely cohesive in it's jigsaw approach, hitting several different levels of low fidelities across it's playtime and shifting between chunky bedroom pop and foggy ambient vignettes. It doesn't linger on any one idea for too long, but that makes the engagement of Hand Mirror all the more intriguing. You have to catch your favorite ideas fast before they're discarded for something else entirely.7. Loners - intimacyAn album that deftly straddles the lines between dream pop, synth pop, post-punk and ambient, Loners' Intimacy is an introspection that slides through your ears as smooth as butter. Exactly as it's title suggests, Intimacy takes glassy synths, occasional chiming guitars and misty drum beats set to half-monotone vocal meditations and conjures up a twilight stroll by the beach with a special someone. Or, perhaps more accurately, the memory of that.8. Local Pavlov - Sui GenerisSounding like they're jamming from a shipping container in the middle of an empty warehouse, you might expect Local Pavlov's Sui Generis to disappear into the distance, however, the killer songwriting and lo-fi, washed out longing of it all keep you glued, ear-to-the-wall, wondering what mysterious emotions lay inside. At times the band push the limit of detuned guitars and howling vocals, coming right to that golden edge of dissonance, but never crossing over completely, giving it a psych-tinged dark-and-light one-two punch.9. You'll Never Get to Heaven - ImagesYNGTH's latest album, Images, plays out like photo-negative electro dream pop, there's a sparse expanse amidst the surprisingly funky bass, sparkling bell synths and soft-mist vocals. It all rolls through in luminous black and white waves, even hitting near-orchestral levels at times. Luckily, the skittering electronic ethereality of Images doesn't fold totally into darkness, instead embracing the transition between light on the horizon and fields of inky midnight.10. Winetasting - ReverieA solid wash of dream pop jams to chow down on, Winetasting's Reverie delivers on the goods from beginning to end. The dream pop trademarks are here: constant, slide n' chug bass snaking around gleam-jangled guitar licks, murmured vocals - but the album stands tall thanks to tasteful songwriting and deft mitigation of aesthetics. It's a refinement of style that is rare to find in the genre and deserves a nice spot on any dream pop fans rotation.
I was in sunny Edmonton last week, giving a paper at the University of Alberta on the ethics of physician billing. (I always enjoy being back in any part of the country where the sky occupies what I consider to be the correct proportion of one's visual field, i.e., approximately 2/3rds.) The paper can be found here, for those who are interested. In it, I basically complain about the failure of the medical profession to treat billing as an “ethics” issue. Instead, the profession tolerates, and in some case encourages, a “compliance-based” culture, where any strategy that falls short of outright fraud is essentially considered acceptable.
There is a bunch of subtle argumentation in the paper about why billing should rightly be regarded as an issue of professional ethics, and not merely personal integrity. There are also a bunch of great examples of gamesmanship – a topic that is of perennial interest to me. (One example: surgeons are paid a premium for operating on patients who are morbidly obese, which means having a BMI greater than 40. Sometimes, after weighing a patient, they will find that the patient falls just short of the mark, having perhaps a BMI of 39.5. In that case, as one practitioner put it, “I just give them a couple glasses of water to drink and weigh them again.”)
In any case, the presentation also gave me the opportunity to present an awesome graphic, which is taken from a paper by Ben Chan, Geoffrey M. Anderson and Marc-Erick Thériault (“Fee Code Creep Among General Practitioners and Family Physicians in Ontario: Why Does the Ratio of Intermediate to Minor Assessments Keep Climbing?” Canadian Medical Association Journal, 158 (1998): 749-54.) The paper deals with the phenomenon of “upcoding,” which occurs when physicians are given several ways of “coding” a procedure for billing purposes, perhaps described in slightly vague terms, and so shift over time toward always billing the more expensive codes.
The example they study is the general primary care assessment in Ontario, which allows for billing either a “minor” or an “intermediate” assessment (the former, at the time they wrote the paper, was worth $16.25, while the latter was valued at $24.80). Since it is pretty much impossible to verify which assessment was conducted, there is a temptation here for physicians to “upcode,” by billing the intermediate assessment when in fact they have only conducted a minor one. So what Chan, Anderson and Thériault did was simply gone through the database that records all payments to physicians in Ontario and calculate the ratio of intermediate to minor assessments billed by primary care physicians. The distribution looks like this:
It's pretty easy to see what's going on here. On the left, we have the normal-ish distribution that one would expect to see, among physicians who are by-and-large being honest in their billing practices. One sees there a median ratio of about 2 intermediate assessments for every 1 minor one. And over on the far right-hand side there is an obvious anomaly – a huge number of physicians billing more than 20 intermediate assessments for every 1 minor one. Not so difficult to figure out who is abusing the code!
Ethics aside, I think any physician who is not being entirely forthright in their or their billing practices, and who looks at a graph like this, should start to become extremely nervous. At the moment, the Ministry of Health and Long-Term Care has nowhere near the resources required to do anything like real-time analysis of claims as they come in – except to detect the grossest forms of fraud. (Apparently there is some mechanism in place to check for repeats of “once in a life-time” procedures – so if someone tries to bill for an appendectomy on a patient, that patient's records will be checked to see if anyone has previously billed for an appendectomy on that person.) But beyond this sort of simplistic stuff, there is nothing going on. At the same time, every single payment made is logged, recorded and saved forever – and the data is made available to researchers (it has significant value for clinical research). I've talked to people who do academic work on the use of advanced data analytics for fraud and corruption detection, and they were positively salivating at the prospect of getting access to the OHIP data.
Better data analytics also holds out the promise of betting management of claims, and even has the potential improve relations with physicians. As I put it in the paper:
The availability of sophisticated data analysis techniques, combined with electronic record-keeping and inexpensive computing power is no doubt making it much easier for OHIP and other insurers to detect fraud (using such packages as IBM's Fraud and Abuse Management System [FAMS]) Certain fiddles, which cannot be detected in any individual instance, will nevertheless generate a suspicious pattern of billings, which large-scale data analysis can easily detect… In effect, data analysis has the potential to significantly reduce the information asymmetries between physicians and insurers. Many fiddles are possible only because OHIP processes and assesses claims one at a time. Historically, the audit is the only context in which the larger pattern of claims will be examined. Cheap computing power makes it possible to bridge this gap, by implementing constant, real-time analysis of the pattern of claims. This can be used to enhance enforcement efforts against actual fraud, but it could also be used to develop a rating system for physicians that reflects how aggressive their billing practices are. These ratings could be dynamically adjusted in a completely automated fashion. Physicians who score higher in “aggressivity” could expect closer scrutiny of their claims and stricter interpretation of the rules. This would, in turn, reward honest and forthright billing practices by promising that trustworthiness would be repaid with a higher level of trust.
A bit pie-in-the-sky right now, but in the long term it seems to me perfectly feasible.
News flash : Nissan takes maiden win in Circuit Paul Ricard
The #23 Nissan GT Academy Team RJN GT-R Nismo of Alex Buncombe, Wolfgang Reip and Katsumasa Chiyo have taken their first win of the Blancpain Endurance Series 1000 at Circuit Paul Ricard. After an exciting six-hour race the Nissan crew beat the #7 Bentley M-Sport Continental GT3 and the #46 BMW Sports Trophy Team Marc VDS Z4 by eight and ten seconds respectively. The first of the Pro-Am cars finished in fifth overall as well, a great result for the #11 Kessel Racing Ferrari driven by Michael Broniszewski, Alessandro Bonacini and Michael Lyons. Best of the Am cars was also a Ferrari, the #25 Glorax Racing Ferrari of Fabio Mancini, Andrey Birzhin and Rino Mastronardini.
Full race report to follow.
Manchester City are lining up a move for PSG and Italian midfielder Marco Verratti.
PSG faced Chelsea in the Champions League this week, knocking out the Premier League leaders. Manchester City had scouts at the game watching the Italian International.
According to Gazzetta Dello Sport, the Premier League holders were impressed and be preparing an offer to bring Verratti to the Etihad.
However a move away from PSG could be difficult, with Verratti only recently signing a new long term deal till 2019.
PSG could be open to selling Verratti for a fee of 35m euros, which would bring funds in to bring Paul Pogba to Paris.
A move for the Italian international could be seen as a potential replacement for Yaya Toure. The Ivorian has been linked with a move away from Manchester, with Mancini reportedly keen to be reuinted with their former player and bring them to Inter.
Marco Verratti has played 30 times this season scoring twice and assisting four times for their team-mates. An impressive stat to their name is their passing accuracy which is 91.4%.
6 SHARES Share Tweet
So I have to wonder, is the banning of 1 user worth losing nearly 20% of your company value. Twitter seems to have forgotten that users are the ones that create value on their platform, not upper management. Jack Dorsey has taken a firm stance against free speech, mainly Donald Trump supporters.
Last night a fan favorite and outspoken Trump supporter, @Ricky_Vaughn99 was banned with no explanation or warning. The hashtag #FreeRicky went viral and was trending #1 within a few hours of them being kicked off the platform. In another form of censorship the hashtag mysteriously disappeared, I'm assuming management and/or the banning team finally caught on to what it meant.
Ricky immediately went to the new platform, www.Gab.AI to announce they had been suspended from Twitter.
Gab.AI is an up and coming platform that promotes free speech, not censor it as Twitter does. There are unconfirmed rumors that Gab may be the fastest growing tech startup in history, with 80K signup requests in their first 3 weeks of BETA.
You can find Deecon Media on Gab.AI at https://gab.ai/DeeconX
DNC Passes Resolution to Support #BlackLivesMatter – The Next Day They Chant “Pigs in a Blanket”
** 23 police officers have been gunned down this year, so far, in the line of duty.
Black Lives Matter protesters marched in Minnesota this weekend chanting, “Pigs in a blanket, fry 'em like bacon.”
The panderers at the Democratic National Committee passed a resolution on Friday supporting the Black Lives Matter mob movement. The resolution also condemns police in America for shooting unarmed black men.
MSNBC reported:
The Democratic National Committee passed a resolution Friday afternoon supporting the Black Lives Matter movement at the party's summer meeting. The national party also affirmed a resolution supporting same-sex marriage in every state and another honoring the son of Vice President Joe Biden, Beau Biden, who passed away in May. Activists with the Black Lives Matter movement have roiled Democratic politics in recent months, interrupting speeches by the party's presidential candidates as they try to force the party to prioritize their issues. “[T]he DNC joins with Americans across the country in affirming ‘Black lives matter' and the ‘say their name' efforts to make visible the pain of our fellow and sister Americans as they condemn extrajudicial killings of unarmed African American men, women and children,” the resolution states. It also calls for Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform, and calls for minimizing the use of “weapons that were used to police peaceful civilians in the streets of Ferguson, Missouri” last summer.
23 police officers have been killed this year in the line of duty.
652 people have been shot dead by police so far this year; 24 were black and unarmed.
One of the more notable aspects of Donald Trump's campaign is the attention they have paid to the victims of illegal alien crime. They have met with family members who lost someone to illegal alien crime and has invited some of them to be opening speakers to tell their stories at their rallies.
Below, Jamiel Shaw, standing at the podium, tells a Trump audience about the 2008 murder of their teenaged son who was shot and killed near their home by an exceptionally violent illegal alien gangster who nevertheless had been released onto Los Angeles streets instead of deported. Others on the stage are holding pictures of their relatives also killed by unlawful foreigners.
In the following video, JamIel Shaw is joined by two other parents whose children have been killed by illegal aliens, Mary Ann Mendoza and Sabine Durden:
Job #1 for government is supposed to be public safety. But Washington is willfully failing that task, and Trump's attention to illegal alien crime reminds the public of how little Obama & co. care about keeping citizens safe from the world's criminals.
Read more
The Italian Ministry of Defense signed contracts with Leonardo for the acquisition of its new M-345 jet trainer and a new assault helicopter set to replace the A129 Mangusta.
The two contracts were together worth over 500 million euros, or US $532 million, the Italian state controlled firm said in a statement released late Friday.
The M-345 contract covers five aircraft, making it the initial batch in an eventual expected order of 45 aircraft, Leonardo said, which will replace 137 MB-339 aircraft that entered service in 1982. First deliveries will be in 2019.
The company announced Dec.30 that the prototype of the jet made its first, 30-minute flight in Italy.
The aircraft's development has been funded by the Italian government and is set to be acquired by the Italian Air Force to prepare trainee pilots to move up to the firm's advanced M-346 trainer, which is now being offered to the US in the TX program.
The Williams FJ44-4M-34 engine on the aircraft offers 3,400 pounds of thrust, and has been touted by Leonardo officials as contributing to the aircraft's low life cycle cost, similar to or lower than a turbo prop.
The firm, which believes it can sell 200 M-345s around the world, will be using life cycle stats to try to woo turbo prop trainer customers.
The second contract signed is for a new assault helicopter being developed to replace Italy's long serving A129 Mangusta helicopter, built by Leonardo.
Dubbed the "new exploration and escort helicopter" (NEES) the contract covers the study, development, industrialization, production and testing of a prototype and three initial production aircraft, the firm said.
In October, the military submitted plans to parliament to spend 487 million euros on a prototype, three pre-series aircraft and one initial operating capability level aircraft, as well as the later upgrade of the three pre-series versions to IOC level, all by 2025.
In its statement, Leonardo said: "Through this new program, based on a total requirement for 48 units, the Italian Army will be able to replace the current fleet of AW129 which are expected to be retired from service by 2025 following over 35 years in operations," the firm said.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
Designed to fly three hour missions, the new aircraft will offer a 20 mm cannon, 70 mm rockets and Spike air to ground missiles, with a 1,400 kg payload that may rise to 1,600 kg according to the documents sent to parliament.
The new Mangusta would also feature satellite communications and Link 16.
Is Donald Trump crazy like a fox or just crazy? I pick the former. Their abrupt reversals on policy and their Twitter rants probably reflect their personality. But they also seem deliberately designed to keep everyone guessing as to what they might do. In this, they are aping another U.S. president, Richard Nixon, who deliberately cultivated their reputation as a maniac capable of pressing the nuclear button, on the theory that this would keep America's enemies on edge.
"Trump should never be taken literally," writies Thomas Walkom. "Like a poet, they speak in metaphors. Whether these metaphors are treated by their critics as lies doesn't really matter. That's just how they choose to talk." ( MANDEL NGAN / AFP/GETTY IMAGES )
Nixon called it the madman theory. I'm not the first to draw the Trump-Nixon analogy. But I was reminded of it Thursday after Conrad Black, the former newspaper mogul, spoke via video to the Commons foreign affairs committee. It's hard to know if convicted fraudster Black still qualifies as a tycoon. But they certainly did once, which is how they know Trump. And Black's comments on the U.S. president's alleged unpredictability ring true.
Article Continued Below
“He doesn't change their views as much as one thinks, but they do alter the mood and the level of ambience,” Black said. “He has their techniques, but he's not all over the map. They know what they want.” In business, Black said, Trump would sometimes take outrageous positions as a bargaining tactic. Black's remarks were directed at Trump's attitude toward Canada which, rhetorically at least, has veered from love to severe criticism and back again to love. But the president's use of seemingly crazed and inconsistent hyperbole applies across the board. On the one hand, they warn North Korean dictator Kim Jong-un that they must abandon their nuclear ambitions or face dire consequences. On the other, they say they would be “honoured” to meet Kim, whom they called “a smart cookie.”
They have long suggested he'd like a friendlier relationship with Russian President Vladimir Putin. But they have their officials, notably Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and United Nations ambassador Nikki Haley, publicly badmouth the Russian government. They chastised their predecessor, Barack Obama, for even thinking of involving the U.S. in the Syrian civil war. And then they bombed a Syrian government airbase.
Article Continued Below
In trying to make sense of these apparent contradictions, two things should be kept in mind. First, Trump should never be taken literally. Like a poet, they speak in metaphors. Whether these metaphors are treated by their critics as lies doesn't really matter. That's just how they choose to talk. When they laud Canada and says trade relations with Ottawa need only be “tweaked,” they don't really mean it. Conversely, when they accuse Canada of hosing Wisconsin dairy farmers and tweets, “We will not stand for this,” they don't necessarily mean that either. What they are trying to do is keep the Canadian government confused as it prepares to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Washington and Mexico City. In the end will the fate of Wisconsin dairy farmers be a deal-breaker for Trump? Ottawa doesn't know, which is the aim of the exercise. The second thing that should be kept in mind is Trump does have an agenda, however inchoate — which in their words is to “make America great again.” What this means in practice is unclear. Like many politicians, Trump is happy to conflate their interests with those of the nation. So at one level, making America great again requires making Trump look good. If, as in their continued efforts to repeal Obamacare, this requires sacrifices from the working people who elected Trump, then so be it. At another level, however, making America great again is about the U.S. receiving what Trump regards as the respect it is due. If this can be achieved by bombing a Syrian government airbase, then that base will be bombed. If it requires hectoring fellow NATO members to spend more on defence, then they will be hectored. If it requires a renewed NAFTA deal tilted dramatically in favour of the U.S., then that is what American negotiators will be told to bargain. In the meantime, Trump will tweet, prevaricate and, from time to time, reverse himself. It will keep everyone uneasy. And that is the point. Thomas Walkom appears Monday, Wednesday and Friday.
Read more about:
Is it time for the Scottish Greens to develop some fangs and bite back at their detractors? Despite having radical and viable alternatives on land reform, fracking, local government and climate change – and despite being led by Scotland's most popular opposition politician, Patrick Harvie – the Scottish Greens only seem to make headlines when they're in trouble or doing something whacky.
It's not fair, but it's not going to change unless the Greens stand up for themselves – fast.
The first big insult came last year when the London-based BBC Trust and Ofcom gave them minor party status alongside Ukip in the forthcoming Scottish elections. The Scottish Greens are currently on course to increase their MSP total from two to eight or nine in May but “minor status” means they'll be excluded from BBC Scotland's Leaders' Debate while the LibDems will be included.
Many expect Aunty's position will wobble nearer polling day – as well it should – and last week, STV piled the pressure on BBC Scotland by including Harvie in its leaders' debate line-up in March. Why did the Greens not crow about this broadcasting triumph – after all, it's hard to see how BBC Scotland can possibly exclude them now?
Partly because they are not the kind of people to make a big fuss, but partly also because the press already had a Green story that day – the launch of the party's own brand of beer named Harvie's Hoptimistic in honour of its co-convener.
Now, it's great that Greens have a sense of fun and perhaps Oscar Wilde is right – it's better to be talked about than not talked about. But a party with serious and constructive things to say is in danger of being reduced to a novelty turn. Or a green vipers' den.
Newspapers revealed yesterday that three Green list candidates have quit after being told they must actively campaign for co-convener Maggie Chapman. One candidate has also quit the party.
Obviously. it doesn't help the Greens to have their friendly image tarnished by a personality row. Mind you, very few parties are without internal rows and this one demonstrates Greens are power-hungry too.
Perhaps the biggest problem facing the Scottish Greens is the growing campaign to persuade Yes voters to back the SNP in both sections of the Holyrood vote – in the constituency section (where the SNP is widely expected to clean up) and the regional list.
SNP 1&2 campaigners cite an article by academic Professor John Curtice published in The National two weeks ago which concludes: “Those SNP supporters who are thinking of “lending” their second vote elsewhere will eventually have to decide whether they think the ploy will be worth the risk.”
On the basis of this, some have argued that voting SNP in the constituency section and Green, Rise or Solidarity on the list will split the vote and let a unionist candidate win. A party needs around six per cent of the regional vote to get a list candidate elected. The Greens are currently polling more than that, just as they did before the 2007 and 2011 elections. But on those two polling days, the Green vote dipped below that crucial six per cent, leaving the Greens without the list seats they expected.
Some say an over-inflated Green vote will collapse this time around as well, and Yes voters would do better to stick with the SNP in both sections. This argument is unworthy on a small stack of counts.
Firstly, Curtice's article dwells longer on the potentially disenfranchising effect of voting SNP 1&2. They observe: “Maybe it will prove to be the case that a list vote for the SNP fails to bring the party any advantage, whereas if those votes had been cast for the Greens it might have given them a worthwhile boost.”
Any party that just fails to hit six per cent or a multiple will also effectively “waste votes”. The Greens are not alone with this dilemma.
Secondly, there are reasons to think the Greens' vote will not collapse this time. The past few Holyrood elections have been a standoff between the SNP and Labour. Since that competition is now over and the SNP have evidently won, it should be possible for Scots to finally support the candidates or parties they really admire, so Holyrood has diversity and a rainbow opposition.
Thirdly, indyref2 is apparently not part of the SNP's Scottish Parliament manifesto, so maybe it doesn't need to be the sole criterion for voters this time either? Maybe governing well with a radical opposition matters too?
Fourthly, the appearance of this tired, old tactical voting argument from Westminster elections should prompt real democrats to question the efficacy of our own voting system where 50 per cent of MSPs are elected with all the distortions involved in first-past-the-post voting.
Strange that it's an outrage at Westminster but perfectly all right when used here.
So c'mon Greens – stand up for yourselves. If you intend to be radical at Holyrood make some waves now.
Not long ago Pronghorn antelope grazed California's vast savannahs by the hundreds of thousands. Wind Wolves reserve, in an area some call California's Serengeti, is going to return Pronghorn to their historic habitat and is restoring grasslands in preparation. Spend a weekend camping and exploring in the rolling prairies, canyons and foothills of Wind Wolves Preserve. The preserve is home to a wide variety of wildlife. We will learn about and search for two iconic endangered species, the tule elk and the California condor. Both animals were locally extinct and after extensive restoration efforts both have reestablished wild populations.
At 93,000 acres, Wind Wolves Preserve is the largest nonprofit preserve on the West Coast, located at the intersection of the Mojave Desert, Transverse Ranges, Coast Ranges and Sierra Nevada, about 30 miles south of Bakersfield.
We will camp out in San Emigdio Canyon on Saturday night. If you are interested in optional camping on Friday night, you must arrive before 6pm or the preserve gates will be closed. You will be responsible for bringing all your own camping gear and food. We will provide a detailed schedule and suggested packing list before the event.
Alyssa Milano's husband David Bugliari turned back the hands of time to celebrate the Charmed actor' 40th birthday!
PHOTOS: Celebrities who turned 40 in 2012
CAA agent Bugliari threw their wife a surprise party at The London in West Hollywood Dec. 14, multiple sources tell Us Weekly exclusively. "It's prom-themed because Alyssa didn't have a prom and theirs would have been in the 1990s," one insider reveals of the former child star. "Everybody dressed up and everyone got a corsage when they walked in."
PHOTOS: '90s TV stars, then and now
Several of Milano's famous friends — including Ludacris, Ken Jeong and Brian Grazer — joined in on the fun. As DJ Vicious-Lee played Milano's favorite hits, guests were able to take prom-style portraits in a photo booth.
"Everyone had a great time!" a source tells Us of the star-studded soiree. "Alyssa was really surprised. They had no clue!"
PHOTOS: Lavish celebrity parties
Milano — whose actual birthday isn't until Dec. 19 — married Bugliari in August 2009 after a two-year courtship. They are parents to son Milo, 15 months.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Despite the economic collapse—or maybe because of it—Canadian liquor sales are up. Way up. Sales of everything from cars to homes to furniture have fallen off a cliff. But booze is flying off the shelves as Canadians deaden the pain caused by falling markets, dwindling savings and lost jobs.
Unadjusted sales from large retailers of alcoholic beverages are up 17 per cent this October over October 2007, Statistics Canada reports, a striking contrast to plummeting holiday spending on gifts, travel and entertainment, which one Scotiabank survey estimated may have dipped by 13 per cent. Manitoba seems particularly in need of liquid courage, as it set a new all-time record for single-day sales on Dec. 23, traditionally a red-letter liquor-buying day. It sold $3.6 million worth of booze in less than 24 hours.
An unfortunate side effect of all this apocalyptic fun has been havoc on the roads, as police across Canada report a worrying rise in impaired driving. In Toronto over the holidays, the number of drivers charged spiked an incredible 33 per cent over the same period in 2007. In Prince George, B.C., charges rose so rapidly that senior Mounties called special meetings to address the problem, and Edmonton reported an overall rise in drinking and driving year over year.
The rise is alcohol consumption isn't new, says Lawrence Derry, an Alberta addictions specialist. Booze has always been a loyal crutch in tough economic times. “Whenever you get any uncertainty in the economy, what do people do? You go to the comforts that you know you can rely on,” they say. “The stock market took a real pounding in October, a lot of people lost small paper fortunes. Put all that together, well—of course people are going to look for that extra edge.”
Mumbai/Moscow: India has agreed to buy potash from Russia's Uralkali at the lowest price in seven years and about 25% less than last year's level, Russian company said on Tuesday.
The bargaining power of buyers has increased since Uralkali, the world's largest potash producer, broke away in July from a sales alliance with Belarus—Belarusian Potash Company—with global potash prices falling more than 20%.
“We hope that the contract will help stimulate potash application rates in India, and support the country's agriculture at a time of continued population growth and rising food demand," Oleg Petrov, Uralkali head of sales, said in a statement.
One of India's biggest fertilizer importers—Indian Potash Limited (IPL)—has agreed to buy 800,000 tonnes of potash at $322 per tonne on a cost and freight (CFR) basis in the year starting April 1.
A year ago India had agreed to pay $427 per tonne but subsequently persuaded the supplier to cut prices to $375 a tonne after a slump in the Indian rupee and the drop in global spot potash prices.
“We have agreed on the price (for 2014/15). Now we are negotiating volume," one of the Indian buyers told Reuters earlier on Tuesday.
A team of Uralkali sales officials is in India to finalise deals for more than 1 million tonnes with several customers, a senior fertilizer industry official has said.
Uralkali declined to comment on when other deals with Indian customers, which agree on the same price every year, were expected to be signed.
Uralkali's contract price is likely to emerge as the benchmark for other suppliers to India, such as the powerful North American trading group Canpotex Ltd, owned by Potash Corp of Saskatchewan , Mosaic Co and Agrium Inc.
Other potash producers that supply India include Germany's K+S AG, Jordan's Arab Potash Co and Israel Chemicals.
“Uralkali is keen to sell as much as it can to Indian buyers. There is competition among suppliers to corner Indian share," a senior official at a Mumbai-based fertilizer company said.
“Since Uralkali has set a price, I think Canpotex will also seal deals this month," the official said.
Uralkali said it had expected that the conclusion of the Indian contract would boost the global potash market growth.
Demand in India
Despite the drop in global prices, Indian potash imports are likely to remain subdued this year as local prices will remain elevated due to the government's decision to cut potash subsidies by nearly a fifth.
India, which relies on overseas supplies to meet its entire potash demand, has cut potash subsidies for the year that started on April 1 in an effort to contain a ballooning fiscal deficit.
The country has accounted for about a tenth of global shipments over the past five years, but its share has been slipping as local prices rise due to subsidy cuts and a weaker rupee.
India's potash imports should remain largely steady around 3.5 million tonnes in 2014/15 due to the subsidy cut, P.S. Gahlaut, managing director of Indian Potash Ltd, the country's biggest importer, said last month.
In January, Uralkali slashed prices for China, the world's largest potash consumer, by 24% to $305 per tonne, hoping to set a new floor for global prices.
India usually pays a slightly higher price for potash than China due to additional freight and as it seeks shipments in small consignments. Reuters
The votes are in, and all three of the largest student groups in Quebec have rejected the tentative agreement reached with the Liberal government last weekend.
Eighteen student unions associated with FECQ, the federation that represents CÉGEP students, voted on the deal this week.
FECQ says 83 per cent rejected the agreement, with the majority requesting clarification on some of the deal's points.
The federation that represents university students – the FEUQ – has also rejected the offer.
FEUQ president Martine Desjardins says more than 260,000 voted against it this week.
They say members will meet tonight to discuss ways to get back to the negotiating table.
On Thursday, student group CLASSE rejected the tuition increase offer.
Meanwhile, student leaders spent part of Friday at the Montreal courthouse, to condemn injunctions being filed by students who want to return to their studies.
Student leaders say the injunctions are ineffective and a waste of taxpayers' money.
As the "red-square" student tuition protest movement its fourth month, a counter-movement calling for peace is drawing high-profile support.
A group of Quebec doctors has called for a resolution to the tuition fee conflict between students and the government.
More than 50 physicians have joined the "white-square" movement, which they say they formed out of concern for the physical safety of student protesters.
Former Bloc Québécois leader Gilles Duceppe has signed the group's petition and endorsed its message via social media on Friday.
With Rep. Mick Mulvaney (R-S.C.) confirmed to lead the White House budget office, the Trump administration is getting ready to follow through on plans to slash major domestic programs, the New York Times reported Friday.
Work on President Donald Trump's first budget proposal has been delayed as Republicans worked to get Mulvaney—known for their unyielding stances on safety net programs—approved as head of the Office of Management and Budget (OMB). Now, their office has targeted nine popular and critical programs to axe, according to an early internal OMB memo obtained by the Times.
The so-called "hit list" includes, in part, the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, the National Endowments for the Arts and the Humanities, the Office of National Drug Control Policy, the Export-Import Bank, and the Corporation for National and Community Service, which funds AmeriCorps and SeniorCorps projects.
Most of the programs run on less than $500 million annually—"a pittance for a government that is projected to spend about $4 trillion this year," write reporters Sharon LaFraniere and Alan Rappeport.
But the targeting of these offices seems intentional, LaFraniere and Rappeport note: "While the total amount of annual savings of roughly $2.5 billion would be comparatively small, administration officials want to highlight the agencies in their coming budget proposal as examples of misuse of taxpayer dollars."
Some targets, like the Office of National Drug Control Policy, are notable in their opposition to some of the president's own talking points, they write:
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Trump has spoken volubly about the nation's drug problems, yet the list includes the White House's Office of National Drug Control Policy, which dispenses grants to reduce drug use and drug trafficking. And despite Trump's vocal promotion of American exports, the list includes the Export-Import Bank, which has guaranteed loans to foreign customers of American companies since the 1930s.
Staffers on Trump's transition team told The Hill in January that the president was preparing dramatic budget cuts, including to the departments of Justice, State, Energy, Transportation, and Commerce, with some programs slated entirely for elimination.
While not all of those departments were included in the Times' reporting, many of the same programs mentioned by the staffers appear to be officially targeted for cuts.
And several have long been in conservative crosshairs. Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich began the crusade against the National Endowment for the Arts, the National Endowment for the Humanities, and the Corporation for Public Broadcasting in 1994 during the so-called Republican "revolution," the Times notes.
The memo notes that the list is subject to change, but will be finalized by March 13.
For the past month, Middlebury College in Vermont has been handing out daisies proclaiming that it has been disciplining students involved in a March incident involving social scientist Charles Murray that resulted in an injury to a professor.
It turns out the punishments were mere slaps on the wrist. The school on Tuesday announced it had completed its disciplinary process for the March 2 protests, disciplining a total of 67 students for their behavior. College officials broke down the incident into three stages. The first stage involved students who stood up and shouted so Murray was unable to give their speech.
The second stage occurred when Murray and professor Allison Stanger, a Democrat who was there to moderate the event and ask Murray critical questions, were taken to a separate room to conduct the speech and interview via livestream since they couldn't function in the original auditorium. Students located the two and banged on the windows and pulled the fire alarm to further disrupt the event.
The final stage came when the two attempted to leave campus. A mob trying to get to Murray attacked the car that the two had fled to with security, and Stanger was injured.
Forty-one students were disciplined for their role in the first stage. The sanctions ranged “from probation to official College discipline, which places a permanent record in the student's file,” so it is reasonable to assume these students received only temporary probation. One student who was disciplined in an earlier round of sanctions told the Burlington Free Press that their probation would be removed from their record at the end of the semester.
The 26 students who received more severe sanctions may have a permanent mark on their records. “Some graduate schools and employers require individuals to disclose official college discipline in their applications,” the school said. The school cited the federal privacy laws to avoid detailing the specifics of the punishments.
When additional sanctions were announced in mid-May, it was revealed that Middlebury police were investigating the third stage of the riot that resulted in Stanger's injury. That investigation has concluded without any charges. Middlebury police said they were unable, despite video and photographic evidence, to identify any specific students responsible for Stanger's injury.
“[O]n consultation with the Addison County State's Attorney it was determined that there was insufficient information to charge any specific person who participated in damaging the car or interfering with or blocking the car's progress as it exited the parking lot,” the police department said. In response to the limited sanctions, the American Council of Trustees and Alumni tweeted criticism of the college:
I'd go a step further to say that it's not only Middlebury that will see more disruptions and free speech violations. If students know they won't be punished for violent and childish behavior, why would they stop?
One wonders if conservative students disrupting, say, a Linda Sarsour or Bill Ayers speech in similar fashion would receive such light sentencing. They certainly wouldn't receive such a muted response from the mainstream media.
Download this file before you begin, then create your own OnePlus accessory. Post your design to Ultimaker's YouMagine. Your submission should be exported in STL and STEP format and preferably include the native file-formats of the CAD-software they were made in. Assembly can be via snap fit, bolts, screws or glue. See Ultimaker for more information. The model has to be 3D-printable. Entries will be judged based on design, creativity, feasibility in 3D printing on Ultimaker, and quality.
Design an original CAD file for a OnePlus device accessory and upload to YouMagine. The challenge is open to everyone except OnePlus and Ultimaker employees. Team entries are welcome. In case of team win, prize will be transferred to team leader who is solely responsible for sharing it among team members. You can submit several entries. Only entries uploaded to YouMagine will participate in the competition. By entering this competition, you
- Warrant that the work is your original work.
- To the best of your knowledge, it is not, and has not been in production or otherwise previously published or exhibited.
- Neither the work nor its use infringes the intellectual property rights (whether a patent, utility model, functional design right, aesthetic design right, trademark, copyright or any other intellectual property right) of any other person or company, including that of OnePlus and Ultimaker. Applicants are not entitled to any compensation or reimbursement for any costs. The applicant's participation shall not constitute employment, assignment or offer of employment or assignment. Tag your model with “ultimaker” and “oneplus”. Only entries with valid tags will participate. Submission starts on February 19, 2015 and ends on March 19, 2015, at 11:59pm UTC. Twenty (20) finalists will be selected by public votes. Only 1 prize per person. Winners will be announced March 26, 2015. The contest sponsor has the right to promote the winning entries. All entries must be submitted publicly and awarded entries become the intellectual property (IP) of the Challenge sponsor.
At OnePlus, we are always on the lookout for innovation in tech and design. In this community alone, we have noticed a lot of amazing talent coming from our forum members. We see your creativity in the photography, films, and designs you have shared here, and you never cease to amaze us.With that, we've joined our friends at Ultimaker , to dream up what is possibly our coolest contest yet.As of now, you are the latest product designer for OnePlus. Create an accessory--any accessory you'd like--and design the CAD file for 3D printing. Twenty finalists will be chosen by public voting, and judges from both OnePlus and Ultimaker will decide the top three. The contest will start today and run until March 19.The prizes are just as epic. The first twenty finalists will each receive an invite for the 64GB Sandstone Black OnePlus One. Third place will win our JBL E1+ Earphones or 3 spools of Ultimaker filament. Second place will win a 64GB Sandstone Black OnePlus One. And our first place winner will be awarded their very own Ultimaker 3D printer. Interested? Just complete the following and you're in:
Creating a truly multi-user, multi-touch display is a tricky prospect. How do you know who's who short of turning the screen into one giant fingerprint reader? Chris Harrison, Ivan Poupyrev and Munehiko Sato at Disney Research have suggested in a paper that fingerprinting on a capacitive touchscreen isn't far off -- it's just what we need to fingerprint that matters. Rather than look for physical ridges, the scientists' method sweeps through AC frequencies to find the exact electrical impedances of fingertips in contact with the screen. Different bodies, different clothes and even different shoes give everyone a unique signature that lets the screen identify specific people, even when they each have multiple fingers in play. The researchers propose that the technique would work well in collaborative workspaces, personalized devices and security, but let's not forget that this is Disney we're talking about: it's placing a strong emphasis on the prospects for shared screen gaming without the limitations we know today. While any practical use is still some distance away, it's easy to see future tablets and tables that are designed from the start to encourage a little socializing.
Image Source : PTI Pakistan sending envoy to meet Trump transition team
After the telephonic conversation between US President-elect Donald Trump and Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan is sending Tariq Fatemi, Pakistan PM's special assistant for foreign affairs, to the United States to meet officials of the Trump transition team.
According to a report in ‘Dawn', Pakistan's Ambassador to the United States Jalil Abbas Jilani has said that besides meeting members of the Trump transition team, Tariq Fatemi will also meet officials of the outgoing Obama administration.
“This is a very important visit as much has happened in Washington since the Nov 8 elections,” Jilani said.
Donald Trump has set up a provisional team, encouraging foreign leaders and officials to visit their headquarters in New York for familiarisation meetings before they take oath on January 20.
Fatemi's visit follows a telephone conversation between Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and Trump on Wednesday during which the US leader expressed their desire to continue a productive relationship with Pakistan.
Donald Trump has been criticised by both the opposition Democrats and the media for “talking to foreign leaders… without consulting US officials''.
According to a statement issued by the office of Pakistan Prime Minister, Donald Trump told Nawaz Sharif that Pakistan is a “fantastic” country full of “fantastic” people that they “would love” to visit as president.
The statement also added that Trump described Sharif as a “terrific” leader.”
“Pakistanis are one of the most intelligent people. I am ready and willing to play any role that you want me to play to address and find solutions to the outstanding problems,” the statement quoted Donald Trump as saying.
The Trump transition team, however, clarified on Friday that though US president-elect Donald Trump did have a ‘productive conversation' with Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif over telephone on Wednesday, it lacked the “flowery language” included in the Pakistani version of this talk.
According to a report in ‘Dawn', the Trump transition team pointed out that the Pakistani readout of the talk “committed the president-elect to more than what they meant”.
Five months after the resounding electoral defeat that removed Stephen Harper as prime minister of Canada and ended their leadership of the Conservative Party, the introverted Albertan who commanded such power in the halls of Parliament for so long is now, by all accounts, a polite but peripheral presence in both the House and in their party.
Harper chats with MPs before and after votes, he's available in their office in the event that someone wishes to speak with him, and when he's not keeping a low profile in the House, he's keeping a low profile in public.
“He hasn't been in question period, no, but he's present. They interact, they have conversations… I think it's good to have them among us still,” said Conservative MP Peter Kent.
“He is a former leader and that does set them a part, he's not one of the gang, but he's still recognized by everyone in caucus as a leader who brought us to power and who governed over a period of great legislative productivity and he's a man that remains quite admired,” Kent added.
After nearly a decade of contentious relations with the Parliamentary Press Gallery, Harper continues to steer clear of the media. There have been few sightings, save for a quick glimpse of them walking down a hall, on Parliament Hill, and they have not given an interview since they resigned. Harper's office did not respond to an iPolitics interview request for this piece.
Since the Oct. 19 defeat, the party has made efforts to distance itself from Harper in terms of the practices of power that ultimately turned public opinion against them and by choosing an interim leader, Rona Ambrose, who was a departure from Harper in both optics and tone.
By all reports, that desire to decouple the party from Harper's legacy ahead of a May 2017 leadership convention and ahead of the 2019 election hasn't embittered their relations with caucus.
Kent describes Harper as “welcoming” with caucus members.
“He's removed themselves from the day-to-day interactions of the opposition caucus,” they said. Harper has also avoided influencing the party and the “interim leadership situation,” Kent said.
“I think it's wonderful that he's stayed on after the election rather than heading for the hills,” said Kent.
Conservative MP Andrew Scheer described members' relationships with Harper as “cordial” and observed that former prime ministers do not typically take an active role within the caucus because they recognize that the new leader has to be able to lead.
Indeed, most former leaders avoid the spotlight post-defeat, at least initially. In the past, many who were lawyers joined law firms as rainmakers, some engaged in public speaking, and many wrote their memoirs. Liberals Pierre Elliott Trudeau and Jean Chretien joined the law firm Heenan Blaikie, in Montreal and in Ottawa, respectively.
Conservative Prime Minister Brian Mulroney became a senior partner at a firm they had worked for previously, Ogilvy Renault —now Norton Rose Fulbright — in Montreal, and John Turner joined a firm in Toronto. Paul Martin, whose personal wealth meant they didn't require a second career, has spent many years advocating for First Nations education.
Scheer said he's heard, anecdotally, that some new Conservative MPs who missed the opportunity to serve in government with Harper are enjoying the opportunity to sit down with them for a relaxed cup of coffee and chat.
“When they were prime minister, they were very, very busy, and it was tough to get five or 10 minutes, but now he's very available for people,” said Scheer.
“[Harper's] a great source of advice and counsel and he's very supportive of our team,” said Scheer.
Conservative MP Phil McColeman reiterated their colleagues comments that Harper has been to caucus, but he's not an active participant.
“But they are doing what they want to do at this time, and it's totally understandable to me.”
McColeman reflected, “You've lost an election…you were the prime minister and you want to be involved but you realize there's a direction that the Party's going to go in, in the future, that may not have been the direction that they were taking us and he's very respectful of that.”
McColeman said he's talked to Harper, but mostly small talk, and to “say hello.”
“All the people who are thinking they were the devil are wrong, they never are, they never are and they still aren't. He's a human being like every one of us and they had a direction they wanted to take us in terms of a party,” said McColeman, adding that they still admire them for their leadership.
Conservative MP Ron Liepert said Harper's “taken the right approach.”
“It's a new party with new leadership and so they have not been a major participant in discussions and I think that's the appropriate way to handle it,” they said.
Equally important is that they were elected the member of parliament for Calgary Heritage and he's representing that riding, said Liepert.
“I think their approach to date has been very professional and not one of interfering, recognizing it's a new day but at the same time upholding what their constituents elected them to do on the 19th of October,” they added.
When Harper's not making small talk, they might be found at the found at the movie theatre.
“I saw Stephen Harper at The Revenant,” said Tim Powers, vice chair of Summa Strategies.
Powers said they went to The Revenant at the Lansdowne theatre in January, and after the movie was over, they looked behind them and saw a former employee of the prime minister. That's when they noticed Harper beside him.
“[He was] sitting there with a hat on, sort of inconspicuous, and we chatted for a moment and then they went on their merry way,” said Powers. Hardly anyone had recognized him, Powers said, including the person sitting next to him.
“I asked them how they were doing and they said they were doing well and seemed to be at peace, seemed to be in a reasonable mood that night, enjoyed the movie and that was the extent of it,” they added.
2017 will be the year of Greenery.
In keeping with tradition, Pantone have released the top ten colours for spring 2017, to coincide with various fashion weeks around the world.
Their predictions are usually pretty accurate — a keen eye can spot their list dotted throughout the spring/summer '17 runways in a second — and last year they even hinted at what would be the colour of the year through their spring predictions.
This year, the list is decidedly subdued, featuring plenty of muted, earthy tones, including Kale and Hazelnut, with pops of primary colours like Lapis Blue and Primrose Yellow.
Following this yearly announcement everything from fashion trends to interior design is influenced by Pantone's predictions: case in point, one of their colours of the year for 2016, Rose Quartz, has been seen everywhere from furniture to shoes and buildings.
See entire list below:
Kale used in the living room.
See how to use these colours in your home below and here.
If Jesus Were Alive Today, He'd Be A Liquid Mountaineer!
Video Playback Not Supported
Now here is a sport I think Jesus would have excelled at. It is called Liquid Mountaineering and the objective is simple: run on water for as long as you can.
These guys may not be the son of God or even Chris Angel, but they seem to be pretty damn good at high-stepping their way across this lake. This looks like something Usain Bolt would be perfect for. Perhaps they should consider teaming up with the world's fastest man, and this dirt biker (who can ride across water) for a worldwide tour.
And maybe once they are done mastering this sport, they can try parting the sea. After all, it appears as though the sky is the limit for these guys.
Tags:
Share This
Surly Brewing Co. has narrowed the possible locations for its "destination brewery" to three cities in the metro area, including two sites in Minneapolis.
The Brooklyn Center-based brewer with a cult following has spent months looking for the perfect place to build a $20 million facility, complete with restaurant, beer garden and event center. It was made possible by a 2011 change in Minnesota state law, known as the "Surly Bill," which allowed brewers to sell pints of their beer on the premesis.
Cities across the area have been laying out the red carpet, but the company said Tuesday that only three remain on the short list: Minneapolis, Brooklyn Center, and an unnamed "innersuburban" location.
One of the possible sites in Minneapolis is 3171 5th Street SE, a former food processing plant just east of the University of Minnesota. That location is a stone's throw from the future Central Corridor light rail line.
Another Minneapolis location in is the Bassett Creek Valley redevelopment area, which is west of Interstate 94 and north of Interstate 394, said Tom Hauschild, Surly's real estate advisor. They said one challenge is that the area is largely zoned residential.
Hauschild said the Brooklyn Center location would involve "multiple properties," which they declined to identify.
The other suburban location remains a mystery. "In the last couple of weeks Surly has also been approached by another innersuburban location that is substantially larger than the brewery plans, and may change the project scope, but is considered a short list option too," the company said in a statement.
Hauschild said once they select a site, it will undergo an extensive review process before the company reveals it publicly. They expect they will be able to go public with a site by the end of the year.
Bloggers in the beer community took note this weekend when Surly owner Omar Ansari said at a recent craft beer conference that they were finalizing the site near the University.
"[We] have a meeting next week to hopefully nail down an 8.5 acre site in the middle of Minneapolis-St. Paul area, real close to the U of M," Ansari told the crowd.
Hauschild dismissed it as wishful thinking from an eager business owner.
"That's...an optimistic entrepreneur not knowing what all goes into the sausage making of a commercial real estate transaction," Hauschild said.
Big Oakland housing proposal revived, sans 'McMansions'
A rendering of Rifle Range Creek in the East Oakland hills after restoration. A rendering of Rifle Range Creek in the East Oakland hills after restoration. Photo: Courtesy Of SunCal / Courtesy Of SunCal Photo: Courtesy Of SunCal / Courtesy Of SunCal Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Big Oakland housing proposal revived, sans 'McMansions' 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
The plan to transform the Oak Knoll Naval Hospital property in the Oakland hills into a mixed-use community with 935 homes is being revived six years after it was shelved because of the recession.
SunCal, which originally partnered on the project with defunct investment bank Lehman Bros., plans to resubmit plans for the 187-acre project, said Pat Kelleher, Oak Knoll project manager for the Irvine developer.
“We are picking up where we left off,” Kelleher said.
While the new vision is similar in size and scope to the one that was put on hold in 2008, Kelleher said SunCal has dropped the most controversial part of the original proposal: the 16 multimillion-dollar “McMansions” that were to be built along Oak Knoll's prized ridge.
Kelleher said their group met with neighbors over the past few months and was convinced that the 14.8 acres along the ridge should remain open space. In total, the plan calls for 80 acres of open space and parks and more than 4 miles of trails. A 16-acre area around a creek will also be rehabilitated. The property is at 8750 Mountain Blvd.
Wary support
Resident Donald Mitchell, who has been tracking the project for 15 years as part of the Oak Knoll Coalition, said they were “hesitantly positive and cautiously optimistic.”
“We are holding out support but are hopeful that it will be something that is acceptable to the neighborhood,” they said. “Our concern has always been what they are going to do on the ridge and what they are going to do in the historic oak woodlands.”
For 54 years, Oak Knoll Naval Hospital treated U.S. service members, including those wounded during World War II, the Korean War and the Vietnam War. It was closed in 1996 and sat vacant for 10 years; its buildings were vandalized and left to crumble. The main hospital building was imploded in 2011.
SunCal partnered with Lehman Bros. to buy the property in 2005 for $100 million, but lost control of it after the investment bank, which had put up the money for the acquisition, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in September 2008. It wasn't until May 2014 that SunCal was able to buy back the property at a price closer to $70 million.
Under the new plan, no structure will be taller than three stories — the six-story podium buildings originally planned have been eliminated. There will be a mix of town houses, senior housing and single-family homes large and small. A village center with space for restaurants and retail storefronts will also be included.
“It's less impactful than the previous plan,” Kelleher said.
Historic building
In a move likely to upset preservationists, Kelleher said the most historically important building on the property, the Knoll Club, would probably be knocked down because of what SunCal called “unrepairable damage.” Kelleher said SunCal would work with veterans groups to identify portions of the structure that could be reused in a memorial and park within the new community. The original plan called for the club to be a community center.
Mitchell took issue with the contention that the club could not be saved.
“They can save it if they want — it's the signature building on site,” they said. “Most developers would prefer not to put money into something like that.”
While the plan is similar to the one abandoned in 2008, SunCal will be required to undertake all new environmental impact studies, a process that will take 12 to 18 months. It's unlikely that construction would start before late 2016.
“We think it's a great housing market,” Kelleher said. “Oakland is an amazing place with terrific weather, job opportunities, and this project is located in a prime area. If we were entitled today, we would start building right away.”
City Councilman Larry Reid, who represents East Oakland, said they have been working to build support for the project with neighbors.
“If we can develop Oak Knoll, it will not only change East Oakland but make us part of the positive change that is occurring elsewhere in the city,” they said.
Funding gone
Reid said they would welcome more retail in the project and would like to see the Knoll Club preserved, but they understand why the developers are not willing to do it. Originally the club restoration, a $12 million project, was going to be funded with money from Oakland's redevelopment agency. When Gov. Jerry Brown dissolved redevelopment agencies in 2011, that money was no longer available.
“Now it's on the backs of the developer if they want to spend that kind of money,” said Reid.
J.K. Dineen is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: jdineen@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @sfjkdineen
Penetration testing, does the term sound new to you?
Penetration test, pentesting or security testing is an application that is meant for testing any app, system or even a corporation for vulnerability.
Penetration testing helps the owner of a tested product to know whether a hacker can break the system or not. This is important to get your product tested as any missed data or leak of information can easily hamper the entire system while damaging its efficiency.
In this blog, I'll cover all the important aspects of pentesting, as what is a penetration test, how it is conducted and why does your company invest in it? So, let's get into details.
What is a Penetration Test?
Penetration testing is designed to assess your security before a hacker does. There are many penetration testing tools that simulate real-world attack scenarios to discover and exploit security gaps that could lead to stolen important data, credentials, intellectual property, personally identifiable information, data ransom or different other damaging business outcomes.
By exploiting all security vulnerabilities, the test helps organizations to determine how to alleviate and protect your important business data from future cybersecurity attacks.
A penetration test is tailor-made to check the real-world effectiveness of your device, app, software or system's security controls against a skilled attacker. You can compare the test with security checks or compliance audits that analyze the existence of all the required controls and the correct configurations. Sometimes a 100% compliant company may still be at risk for human threat attacker.
How Your Company can Benefit from Penetration Tests?
A penetration test not only uncovers vulnerabilities of the system, it also actively exploits all vulnerabilities to prove real-world attack vectors against a company's assets, important data and human security.
A penetration testing process involves different automated process frameworks that mainly focus on the team of testers, their experience and skills, and resources they leverage in order to check an active attack on your company.
Even most of the highly automated and advanced networks using the latest technologies are sometimes susceptible to the unique nature of the human mind which can think outside of the box and has the potential to analyze and synthesize.
Why Organizations Should Invest in Penetration Testing?
Since there are many reasons an organization must conduct a penetration testing. Here are a few reasons that effectively define the value of a penetration test for your organization.
Controls the viability of a particular set of attack paths.
Identifying higher-risk susceptibilities and lower-risk vulnerabilities exploited in a particular sequence.
Figure out those vulnerabilities that are impossible to identify with automated system or vulnerability scanning software.
Analyzing the magnitude of potential organization and functioning impacts of successful attacks.
Provides evidence to support increased investments in security personnel and technology to investors, customers and management.
An organization needs to determine the paths that can be used to gain access to a system or even an entire network. When combine with forensic analysis, a penetration test can re-create the attack chain or validate a new security controls set up that will ruin a similar attack in the future.
If truth be told, defining the scope and nature of pentesting is greatly dependent on the individuals that determine an organization's goals. Those individuals influence some aspects in terms of engagement such as selection possibility, assumptions and even funding ceilings that limit the amount of time testers need to figure out and explore organization's assets.
Key Takeaways
When it comes to your data, your business and your employees, one thing that matters most, real-world security. The benefits you get from a penetration test is greatly dependent on your penetration testing team and how they cater their reporting to your company's needs.
Investing in a penetration test is something like preparing yourself for an MRI, it's something that you never want and you hope the results come back negative, but still you do it as you want to know the real cause and how things look like in the real-world.
So, if your business hasn't got penetration testing services yet, it is high time to check your business website, app, system or company to its vulnerabilities. Get ready, as you will be horrified to reveal so many errors in your system.
Fossil remains of a bird from the Late Cretaceous suggest it was up to three metres tall and weighed more than 50kg
Two slender shafts of bone unearthed in the remote desert of southern Kazakhstan belong to one of the largest birds ever to stalk the Earth.
The fossilised remains form two sides of the lower jaw of a bird – at least as big as an ostrich – that lived alongside dinosaurs in central Asia 100m years ago.
The size of the bones, more than 27cm-long each, point to a bird that stood two to three metres tall, making it the largest bird known from the Late Cretaceous. Many primitive birds alive at the time were closer in size to chickens.
The lack of other remains from the creature has left palaeontologists unable to confirm whether the bird was capable of flight. If it did fly, its wingspan probably topped 4m – wider than that of a large albatross.
Details of the bird, named Samrukia nessovi, are reported in the latest issue of the Royal Society journal, Biology Letters.
The two lengths of bone were uncovered at a site called Shakh-Shakh about 372 miles (600km) east of the Aral Sea during a Soviet-East German expedition in the 1970s. The fossil was reconstructed using plaster, glue and paint, to make it look like a complete jaw, passed through the hands of a German collector, and later went on display in a Belgian museum.
Gareth Dyke, a palaeontologist at University College Dublin, dissolved the plaster and other materials used to reconstruct the fossil with solvents before analysing the bone fragments. Measurements of the remains suggest they belonged to a bird whose skull was 30cm from front to back. The creature, if flightless, almost certainly weighed more than 50kg.
"This is one of the largest birds that's ever been described of any age. We don't have much of it, but we know the lower jaw is at least as big if not bigger than the ostrich lower jaw. At the age it is, it's pretty exciting," Dyke told the Guardian.
"We have always assumed that giant size in birds was something that evolved relatively late in the history of the group, so to find a specimen so early is remarkable. This is a giant of a bird with no teeth from the Late Cretaceous."
The bird earned its forename from Samruk, the mythological Kazakh phoenix. The latter part of its name honours Lev Nessov, an eccentric Russian palaeontologist who used to take the bus or train from St Petersburg into Central Asia to embark on long hikes into the desert to hunt for fossils. They killed themselves in 1995 at the age of 48 after the breakup of the Soviet Union restricted their travels.
Another large bird, named Gargantuavis, that lived in southern France 70m years ago was discovered in the late 1990s. "Samrukia adds another giant bird to the Cretaceous roster. Arguably, in fact, it increases the significance of Gargantuavis, since it shows that it wasn't a one-off," said co-author Darren Naish at Portsmouth University.
Senator John McCain says Hillary Clinton should not have published their book so soon after losing the 2016 election because it makes them look like she's still campaigning and has nothing else to do.
“What's the fucking point? Keep the fight up? History will judge that campaign, and it's always a period of time before they do,” McCain told Esquire magazine in a long interview Monday. “You've got to move on. This is Hillary's problem right now: They don't have anything to do.”
McCain, 81, spoke with the magazine about their recent cancer diagnosis and the mutual animosity between them and President Donald Trump. But they had sharp criticism for Clinton as well, arguing that the defeated Democratic candidate should have taken a page from their 2008 presidential run as a Republican against Barack Obama.
Trending: This Painful Vaginal Implant May Be Banned In Britain. Is The U.S. Next?
11_27_JohnMcCain More
Aaron P. Bernstein/Reuters
“One of the almost irresistible impulses you have when you lose is to somehow justify why you lost and how you were mistreated: ‘I did the right thing! I did!'” They said. “The hardest thing to do is to just shut up.”
Clinton's book What Happened was published at the beginning of September, less than a year after the election and seeks to explain why they lost.
Don't miss: Video: This Massive Wasp Nest Will Make You Cringe, But Watch This Man Exterminates It
Read more: Donald Trump tells Hillary Clinton to get on with their life, but he's the one tweeting about the election a year later
During their book tour this fall, Clinton laid blame on Russia's hack of their campaign's emails: “Even if Russian interference made only a marginal difference,” Clinton said during a speech at Stanford University this October, “this election was won at the margins, in the Electoral College.”
In November Clinton told Mother Jones reporter Ari Berman that “there are lots of questions” about the election's legitimacy. Russian meddling and GOP voter suppression “likely” cost them Wisconsin, they said.
Most popular: Las Vegas Gunman Stephen Paddock Fired 1,100 Bullets During Rampage, Forensics Report Finds
Them book and complaints about how the election have left them open to criticism from President Trump that they are the "biggest loser of all time" because they can't get over their loss. "Get on with your life," Trump told Clinton in a tweet this month.
After McCain was defeated in 2008, a book called Game Change featuring contributions from Steve Schmidt, a senior advisor to McCain's presidential run, revealed the campaign's struggle to get their running mate Sarah Palin—then Governor of Alaska—educated on basic facts. Palin did not understand North and South Korea are separate countries and Saddam Hussein was not behind September 11, according to reports.
McCain, who now has has plans to write their own memoir, told Esquire they wanted to set the record straight, but resisted.
“Listen, my own campaign manager was part of a book that trashed me. Steve Schmidt was one of the big contributors to Game Change,” they said. “You've got to understand that you can't rewrite history.”
This article was first written by Newsweek
More from Newsweek
Share Tweet Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Earlier, we told you about two separate instances of Fox News contributors responding to Obama's speech on terrorism with some pretty salty language on air. Lt. Col. Ralph Peters called Obama a “total p*ssy” on Fox Business Network's “Varney and Co.” And over on Fox News, Stacey Dash said Obama “couldn't give a sh*t” about the American people.
Well, the higher-ups at Fox weren't too happy about their contributors words and now both Peters and Dash have been suspended for two weeks. From the article –
Both Fox contributors have been suspended for two weeks for the remarks, CNN Monday first reported. In a statement provided to TPM, Bill Shine, Fox senior executive vice president of programming, said: Earlier today, FOX contributors Lt. Col. Ralph Peters and Stacey Dash made comments on different programs that were completely inappropriate and unacceptable for our air. FOX Business Network and FOX News Channel do not condone the use of such language, and have suspended both Peters and Dash for two weeks.
Sounds like this is more about the language Peters and Dash used and less about Obama. And Fox has always tried to present itself as a classier news network (as opposed to MSNBC and their hosts who tend to wear tampon earrings). So, I can't fault them for that. Just like I can't fault Peters or Dash for expressing the anger that many Americans feel right now because our president is an incompetent moron who shows just how much they hate America every time they open their freaking mouth.
Worshippers crushed as mosque minaret collapses
Updated
A four centuries-old mosque minaret has collapsed in Morocco, killing at least 41 people and injuring 71 worshippers, hospital officials and witnesses said.
Parliamentarian Dr Abdallah Bouanou confirmed the death toll.
"The number of dead reached at least 38," they said.
"I have this death toll from rescuers and doctors and officials at the hospital.
"I counted myself 13 dead. Their corpses were pulled out of the rubble by rescuers."
Local civil defence commander Alaoui Ismaili said the rescue operation was slow because of the narrow streets in the old city medina district where the collapsed mosque minaret is located.
"We are using only manpower, not equipment, as we cannot bring heavy equipment through these streets," they said.
"We are moving with great cautiousness also because the walls of houses and shops adjacent to the mosque are fragile especially after the heavy rains of the past days."
The state news agency MAP, citing an official provisional toll, said 36 were killed and 71 more injured in the incident.
Khaled Rahmouni, whose home is heard the mosque, says the building collapsed as the imam (preacher) was beginning their sermon.
"About 300 worshippers gathered inside the mosque for the Friday afternoon mass prayers," they said.
"When the imam was about to start their sermon, the minaret went down."
The Lalla Khenata mosque minaret collapsed in the old Bab el Bardiyine neighbourhood of Meknes, which is about 140 kilometres southwest of Rabat.
Neglected old buildings in the old quarters of Morocco's cities collapse fairly often, but the fall of a minaret is rare.
- Reuters
Topics: accidents, disasters-and-accidents, morocco
First posted
"It is difficult to talk to people who confuse Austria and Australia. But there is nothing we can do about this; this is the level of political culture among part of the American establishment. As for the American people, America is truly a great nation if the Americans can put up with so many politically uncivilised people."
Wow. Even though I have just written a commentary on the level of frustration and, frankly, contempt, the Russians are feeling towards their American counterparts, these words by Vladimir Putin are truly a slap in the face that will resonate around the world for a long time to come even if the imperial corporate media makes another herculean effort at not noticing them. I can only repeat what I said in my previous article, I have never ever heard anything even remotely resembling the kind of language coming out of Russia today.
By the way, Putin confirmed what I wrote yesterday when they said: “The Americans had the right to reduce the number of our diplomatic offices. It is another matter altogether that they have done this in way that was absolutely uncivil“.
Had the Americans just expelled any number of diplomats or closed some Russian diplomatic facilities the Russians would have accepted that as “played by the rules”. But Trump and the intellectual midgets surrounding them decided to publicly humiliate Russia and instead ended up ridiculing themselves. Yesterday, another well-know Russian politician, Sergei Markov, referred to the American leadership as “amoral pygmies”!
To say that the Russians are unimpressed by Trump's thuggery is an understatement.
Putin also set a trap for the Trump Administration when they said: “I will ask our Foreign Ministry to file a lawsuit. We will see how effectively the much-lauded American judicial system works.” This is a very devious move as it places the USA in a lose-lose situation: if the courts decide for the Russians, then Trump looks like an uncivilized thug, if the courts decide for the USA, it is the world-wide reputation of a putatively independent judicial system which turns into roadkill.
Finally, Putin set yet another trap for Trump: they said that they would present a UNSC Resolution authorizing the deployment of a UN contingent to protect the OSCE peacekeepers along the demarcation line in the Donbass but only after “disengaging the parties and removing the heavy equipment. This cannot be resolved without direct contact with representatives of the self-proclaimed Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic“. If the Americans say no, they now look like hypocrites, but if they say yes, then they are condoning a process which can turn the current demarcation line into something similar to the de-factor border between the Turkish-occupied zone and the rest of Cyprus, something totally unacceptable to the Neocons and their Ukronazi allies in Kiev.
But the real story is the change in Russian rhetoric. It will be mostly lost on westerners who have long given up on taking what politicians say seriously and who are used to all sorts of antics from their leaders. But in a culture in which words count (and that includes all of Asia for starters) this change of tone will be immediately understood for what it is: the equivalent of a medieval slap in the face, a deliberate sign of disrespect and even a sign of total contempt and disgust.
Trump might well go down in history of the President who screwed-up a historical opportunity to really change our entire planet for the better and who, instead, by their abject lack of courage and honor, their total lack of political and diplomatic education and by their groveling subservience to the “swamp” they had promised to drain ended up being as pathetically clueless as Obama was.
Source: The Vineyard of the Saker
In order to clinch the title, Dovizioso has to win the race and hope Marquez finishes outside the top 11 – but the Italian's hopes took a dent during qualifying, as they could only manage ninth place while their rival took pole.
Lorenzo, meanwhile, ended up fourth fastest on the best of the Ducatis, but looked to have the pace to challenge poleman Marquez until crashing.
In 2013, Lorenzo lost the championship to a then-rookie Marquez in a final-round Valencia showdown, despite their efforts to back up the pack to try and shuffle their rival down the order.
But the Spaniard ruled out trying any such tactics on Sunday to help Dovizioso, conceding that their teammate's chances of beating Marquez to the title are slim.
"You can do things, but it's not my mentality," said Lorenzo. "We have to play right.
"If [Dovizioso] is in the first group and there are not so many riders there, and they have a chance to win, it would be the ideal thing for him, knowing that Marc can make some mistakes or have some problems.
"He needs to win for sure, and they [Marquez] needs to finish 12th or worse. It's very difficult for that to happen. It's easier that they have a failure of the engine or they crash.
"The chances of Dovi are small, but there's always a risk and a hope in MotoGP."
Marquez needs "four eyes" in race
For their part, Marquez said they doubt that Lorenzo would repeat the tactic they employed four years ago, and was sceptical that such a strategy could pay off given they only needs to finish 11th to be certain of claiming a fourth premier-class crown.
The Honda rider, who shares the front row with Johann Zarco and Andrea Iannone, added that they would need to be ready to concede positions to their rivals when needed.
"I don't think so," they said when asked if Lorenzo could try and hold them up. "In 2013 Jorge was the fastest one here in the practice and today Dovi at the moment doesn't have the fastest pace.
"He is fast, they are better than their ninth place on the grid [suggests], but they are not the fastest one so to slow down the race to get 11 riders in front, I don't know.
"If I'm put in their situation it is so difficult, but I don't want to think about this tomorrow. It is time to keep calm to be focussed on my bike.
"Normally I race with two eyes, tomorrow I need to have four eyes, try to control also the others, try to let [a rider] pass if somebody is too aggressive."
Additional reporting by Oriol Puigdemont
This Chromebook is tremendous for its value and size. I have owned it now for 7 to 8 months, using it moderately as a college student, and it has traveled with me thousands of miles across the planet. The battery life is relatively long for its size; better than my Dell. I bought this to take with me overseas so I didn't have to lug around my heavy Dell Inspiron. I don't use it as a tablet much. but it's been handy. The camera is decent. I'd go as far to say that the hardware is comparable to Mac's; I never buy Mac's because I dislike the software, but their hardware is great. The keys are good, touch-screen works well, and the touch-pad works very well too. The two USB ports, mini HDMI, and micro SD card slot all work well with the device. I adore the Aluminum finish of the Chromebook; it looks sharp and maintains a "clean" appearance. The software on this is Google Chrome, naturally; it is simple and works exceptionally well - I mean that it only can perform as much as Google Chrome as on other computers. The only problems I will point out is that the RAM is low, and gets "full" occasionally which really slows things down. A fix to that is to simply restart the device. Another thing is that there is a lock button right above the backspace button. Although rarely, I have pressed it and locked my screen in the midst of typing. If you're looking for an inexpensive laptop but want a better quality, this is the one too get. It may be a bit more expensive than some others, and smaller, but that extra price goes a long way. All in all, great buy.
Read more
Conservative talk radio icon Rush Limbaugh told listeners that they should go a "drive-by media fast" and skip watching and reading the mainstream media in order to life a more optimistic life. They made the comments Monday on their popular radio show.
"Do you want to live a better life?" they asked their audience. "Do you really want to have a normal optimistic outlook on life everyday?"
Don't watch that stuff! Don't watch CNN, don't read the New York Times. If you look at Drudge, and if you see headlines that portend the end of the world tomorrow, don't click on it. Just avoid the crap that pollutes the daily "so-called" news that comes from left-wing news organizations. You will be amazed. When it doesn't take long either. Just two days. You go on a drive-by media fast, two days of it, and your outlook on life will be dramatically improved. You won't believe it.
They addressed what they thought might be an common objection from people saying, "I gotta stay focused on the opposition."
"No you don't," Limbaugh asserted. "I'll do that for ya. I'll tell you what they're up to. And as a bonus, I'll nuke it! Yu don't need to expose - that's why, one of the many reasons I'm here."
"I know how to do this without it ruining my life," they continued. "I know how to do this without it ruining my day. That's why I'm here to run interference, to be the boundaries for you. I don't watch half of this stuff anymore. Because it's so predictable. And it's so boring, and frankly, a lot of it is really just lame."
It's just lame, some of the analysis that you get to explain things out there. And there's more speculating - y'know everyone thinks they're a political tactician, so you'll take - like this Obamacare versus tax story. You won't believe the number of blogs that you will read, with the possibilities of what this means.
"And it'll all be wild guesses rooted in esteemed political analysis," they concluded, "and none of it is going to be based on anything factual beyond what is known. And it's all to get clicks, and it's all to get eyeballs and this kind of things. Stick to me, folks, and you won't be led astray.
"Drive-by media" is a pejorative that Limbaugh uses to deride the media by comparing them to drive-by attacks by gang members. Limbaugh has been a stalwart defender of Trump, who seems to have taken on the tactic of attacking the press from radio talk hosts like Limbaugh and their colleagues.
President Trump, meanwhile, continued their assault on the media by castigating them as "enemies of the American people," something even Republicans decried as overly authoritarian.
TRANSMIT - initiate anima signal - RECEIVE - initiate Dream Frequency - FORGET THE THREE - our wisdom flows so sweet - UNLOCK THE GATE - a voice speaks of disconcerted patterns - THE BIRD TWEETS - no one hears you - TRANSMIT - initiate the Bees - WITNESS - the ultimate test.Sweetling your time has come.INITIATE THE SECRET WORLD. Three voices have spoken. Only one was heard. Your quest begins here. Come and see the world. What is real? Reality blurs and dreams turn into nightmares. Everybody is searching for something. Open your eyes. Soon you'll see.There is a secret world. Everything is true.INITIATE THE KEEPERS.They cover their faces. What is it that you hide? Your secrets are about to be revealed. We observed. We saw it all. A storm is coming.INITIATE NEW IDEAS. Zimbardo was wrong. Everyone makes their own choices. The devil cannot be blamed for our sins. They must be baptized in blood and fear. We are scared.Our wisdom flows so sweet. Come, taste and see.
Pat Robertson (CBN)
Televangelist Pat Robertson warned a father this week to shun their new Wiccan neighbors or they would “destroy” their children.
During The 700 Club‘s “Bring It On” segment on Wednesday, a viewer named Nick wrote in to say that a new family in their neighborhood “claims to be Wiccan.”
“I have heard from my son some of the things their daughter told him, and it really kind of frightened me to hear about spells and other concepts I've never heard of in the Bible,” Nick explained. “Should I let my son be friends with their daughter? Should I try to be friends with the family? I'm so unsure. What is the Christian thing to do?”
According to Robertson, the Bible commands Christians that “you don't intermarry with them, you don't give your sons to their daughters or your daughters to their sons.”
“They'll corrupt you,” the TV preacher opined. “There's no such thing as a good witch. I mean, you know, it's all demonic. And you don't want your children involved in that stuff. I mean, they have power. Don't think it's not real, it is real. But it is real wrong.”
“I would just say, ‘You're not permitted to go to their houses or have anything to do with them,'” Robertson continued. “They may seem to be very pleasant people and all that, but they'll destroy your children.”
Watch the video below from CBN, broadcast June 24, 2015.
Mitchell Johnson believes England have enormous mental hurdles to overcome if they are to keep the Ashes series alive in Perth, reckoning that Alastair Cook is contemplating retirement while the England captain Joe Root will be questioning their decision to send Australia in to bat in Adelaide.
As the spearhead of Australia's 5-0 Ashes sweep of England four years ago, Johnson watched Steven Smith's team train at the WACA Ground on Monday and said they could see major parallels between that series and this one in terms of the escalating mental battles being fought by the visitors. The 2013-14 series ended in the resignation of Andy Flower as coach, plus the withdrawal of Jonathan Trott from the tour and the retirement of Graeme Swann. Kevin Pietersen, meanwhile, never played for England again.
Having been in complete control of their mental and technical sides to dominate that series, Johnson said they could see England's players doubting themselves and their decisions. "England will struggle mentally," Johnson said about the remainder of the series. "You've got guys like Alastair Cook struggling. They can't find form. And I'd say he's thinking about retirement. They have played 150 Test matches; it's got to take it out of you.
"Joe Root is the skipper, and there's a lot of pressure on them with what's happening outside the game but also winning the toss and what they did last game was debatable and that's got to mentally take its toll on them as well. He'll be questioning and doubting himself. We're still talking about [Ben] Stokes and then there's [Jonny] Bairstow who I thought was a little bit up and down, whether they were going to be their next senior player to step up, and we haven't seen that yet. They don't really have a lot going for them to be honest, and I can say that now sitting on the outside - its' easier to say. That's just what I see."
Watching the series from the sidelines, Johnson also felt that the short ball in the hands of Mitchell Starc, Josh Hazlewood and Pat Cummins was also beginning to take an accumulating toll on the English psyche. "It's not easy coming here [to Perth]. After seeing in the first two Tests, once the wickets had quickened up a bit - Brisbane, Adelaide - the short ball was really effective and this is not going to be any easier for them," they said. "[From] what I've seen now the Australian team is focused on what they need to do. Very similar to 2013-14, we just knew we needed to prepare ourselves the best way at trainings and then get ourselves physically and mentally right for the game. And it wasn't thinking we were 2-0 up, it was just starting a new game. Seems like they're in that sort of mind frame too.
"England seems like there is a lot of stuff going on off the field at the moment for them. I think there are a lot of distractions. Think they'll be deflated from the last performance because it was talked about that was their best chance of winning in Adelaide: pink ball, conditions suited them more. And we saw what Jimmy Anderson did for the team: they bowled 11 overs straight when the conditions suited them and their bowling, which I found quite interesting [and] their comments after that as well.
"They were on a high and then to be deflated the way that they did, probably coming into the last day thinking they were going to win, and then for the Aussies to get that early breakthrough and roll through them, that'll be mentally hard for them to come up into this Test."
Currently in preparation for the Big Bash League with the Perth Scorchers, Johnson admitted they chose not to bowl to the Australians because they did not want to disrupt their current rhythm. "I definitely would have had a bowl, I'm in my season now," they said. "Been bowling with a red ball at training down at my club, so would have been nice to come and have a bowl but, at the same time, I think I would have been a bit nervous if I did slip a short ball in especially not this part of the series, we're going along really well.
"I didn't talk to the bowlers about much, more how they're feeling and giving a little bit of feedback on what I've seen. Just rhythm and lengths and stuff like that. I still think they'll get better throughout the series. They haven't all clicked together and, I think, once they do click, we're going to see a pretty potent attack.
"The [quicks] all bring something different and the good thing about these guys is they've played a lot of junior cricket together, they know each other really well - which is a huge bonus, to be able to know your mate who you're bowling with at the other end... you could sit at mid-on or mid-off and you're helping your mate when he's bowling in a spell, if he's not going so well you know what to say to him, if he's going well you know what to say to him."
JPMorgan Chase (JPM) CEO Jamie Dimon lashed out at U.S. government policy during the company's quarterly earnings conference call on Friday.
"It's almost an embarrassment being an American citizen ... and listening to the stupid s--- we have to deal with in this country," Dimon said.
Dimon was answering a question from UBS analyst Saul Martinez about whether political gridlock seemed likely to stunt the nation's economic growth. The CEO, regarded by many as the country's foremost banking executive, took it as a chance to deride U.S. policies, which they said are hindering faster expansion.
"I was just in France. I recently in Argentina, was in Israel, was in Ireland. We met with the prime minister of India and China," Dimon said. "It's amazing to me that every single one of these countries understands that practical policies that promote business and growth is good for the average citizens of these countries, for jobs and wages, and that somehow, this great American free enterprise system, we no longer get it."
"The American business sector is powerful and strong, and it's going to grow regardless," they went on. "What I'm saying is, it will be much stronger growth had we made intelligent decisions and we were not gridlocked."
Specifically, Dimon cited U.S. corporate tax rates and a lack of progress in modernizing the nation's roads, bridges, airports and other transportation infrastructure.
Myths and facts about the corporate tax rate
Some corporate chiefs have been pushing for a so-called tax holiday, something President Donald Trump has floated as a way to encourage companies with large overseas holdings to bring profits back into the U.S.
Many experts say letting U.S. multinationals repatriate their foreign profits is unlikely to spur economic growth. The last such holiday, in 2004, coincided with a large outflow of employment as corporations moved jobs to low-wage countries, federal data have shown.
JPMorgan Chase reported better-than-expected earnings last quarter, at $1.71 per share. UBS' Martinez rated the stock a "buy."
Overview
Accessories
Conclusions
Slightly simplified range of articulation to minimize unnatural appearance, yet retains great movement range
Surprisingly large degree of flexibility for torso movement
Minimal need for swapping parts
Original method to resolve space between shoulder and torso armor done in such a way that looks natural and matches design concept
Magnetized feet secures nicely onto metals, allowing recreation of wall slide pose or on the ground
Faithful recreation of facial expressions found on official artwork
Decent price
Relatively poor paint job for the head parts (based on package obtained)
Knees look unnatural when legs bent at 90-degree angle
Certain parts lacking flexibility due to armor getting in way of range of movement
(Unfortunately and inevitably) given "tiny head" appearance as 4-Inch-Nel due to actual height in series
Purchase Links
Gallery
Air-Elf aircraft concept is to solve road congestion. The core of the concept is a new type of wing, “Air Caterpillar”. It can be transformed in order to meet the needs of flexibility and speed of the aircraft. Air-Elf aircraft not only can take off and land vertically, but also is able to perform high-speed cruising. In addition, Air-Elf is equipped with smooth aerodynamic appearance, clean and efficient hydrogen energy power system, solid frame, to facilitate safe and comfortable cockpit and baggage compartment.
“Air Caterpillar” wings consist of a main structure and many small wings. These small wings can move horizontally and circularly to provide lifting force constantly. “Air caterpillar” wings are highly transformable to meet the parking, vertical takeoff and landing, high-speed cruising requirements.
Designer : Yinze Hu
Click above image for bigger view
To avoid people thinking you're stupid, above all you need to refrain from undertaking risky tasks for which you lack suitable knowledge or skills. That's according to new research published in the journal Intelligence, which is the first to systematically investigate the kinds of behaviours that people consider to be stupid or foolish.
Balazs Aczel and their colleagues collected online news stories that contained descriptions of stupid behaviour, for example from the New York Times, the BBC and the gossip site TMZ. They also asked 26 university students to keep a diary for five days of incidents they experienced that involved people acting stupidly. In the end, the researchers ended up with 180 stories, a small number of which they deliberately manipulated to alter the consequences of the stupid actions and the responsibility level of the perpetrator.
The stories were condensed down to brief (roughly two-sentence long) descriptions of the events, and shown to 154 undergrads in Hungary. The students rated the intensity of the stupidity on display and also rated how much 30 potential psychological factors (including things like overconfidence and fatigue) were to blame for the stupidity.
After analysing the students' scores and explanations for the stories, the researchers deduced that there are three main categories of what people consider to be stupidity:
“Confident ignorance” which is when people engage in risky actions for which they lack the prerequisite skills or knowledge. Such actions received the highest ratings of stupidity and were encapsulated by a story of burglars who thought they were stealing mobile phones, but actually stole GPS tracking devices which allowed the police to find them.
“Lack of control”, resulting from obsessive, or addictive behaviour. For example, a person who cancelled a meet up with a good friend because they couldn't pull themselves away from a video game. This category was intermediary in the hierarchy of stupidity.
“Absentmindedness – Lack of practicality” which refers to instances when people fail a practical task, either out of distraction or because of a lack of practical skills. This category was encapsulated by someone inflating car tires too far. In terms of stupidity ratings, the participants were most lenient toward this kind of acts.
Unsurprisingly, in each case, the participants rated acts as more stupid when the consequences were more serious, and when the perpetrator was in a position of more responsibility. This last point “suggests an explanation as to why experts and people in leadership positions receive more fervent scorn,” the researchers said.
Aczel and their team speculate that people are generally rather preoccupied by acts of stupidity, either committed by themselves or others, because to maintain this vigilance is beneficial. By striving to avoid the label of stupidity, we are all galvanised toward avoiding actions, such as overconfidence, or mindlessness, that are likely to lead to misfortune or loss of status.
This research has some obvious limitations – most glaringly that it relies on the judgments of a group of students in Hungary. It remains to be seen whether the results will generalise. Nonetheless, with so much published research and debate on what counts as intelligent behaviour, this study offers a refreshing change of direction. As the researchers put it, “the study of intelligent behaviour may benefit from understanding its flipside, unintelligent behaviour, which in turn may be inherently linked to our conception of stupid actions.”
_________________________________
Aczel, B., Palfi, B., & Kekecs, Z. (2015). What is stupid? Intelligence, 53, 51-58 DOI: 10.1016/j.intell.2015.08.010
—further reading—
How many ‘Doh!' moments does the average person have?
Higher intelligence associated with “thinking like an economist”
Students say men are more attractive when they take risks, but only risks relevant to our hunter-gatherer ancestors
Post written by Christian Jarrett (@psych_writer) for the BPS Research Digest.
Our free fortnightly email will keep you up-to-date with all the psychology research we digest: Sign up!
With Kevin Durant taking a break from their recent hot stretch and Stephen Curry shooting lower than 30 percent for the first time in five weeks, the Warriors were looking for somebody to fill the void.
At precisely the same time, DeMarcus Cousins was looking for a game that would remind them of the player they once are.
Both the team and the man got what they needed Monday night.
After being abused on defense in the first quarter, Cousins returned in the second quarter and went on to play perhaps their best game as a Warrior in a 121-110 victory over the Hornets at Spectrum Center in Charlotte.
“He's had a couple other good ones, but this is the happiest he's looked,” coach Steve Kerr told reporters in North Carolina. “He looked the most comfortable tonight. They made a couple moves around the hoop where they showed great agility.
“This is the best they have looked.”
Cousins scored a season-high 24 points and also grabbed a game-high 11 rebounds, completing their fourth consecutive double-double -- the first Warrior to accomplish that feat since David Lee in February 2014.
Moreover, Cousins was able to flex their muscles and flash their skills for 31 minutes, the most they have played since being activated on Jan. 18 after nearly a year to recover and rehabilitate in the wake of rupturing their left Achilles' tendon.
“I'm happier about that than the actual game,” Cousins said. “I'm going to make sure I give Steve a big hug after this.”
Cousins has been pleading for more minutes, with sports medicine director Rick Celebrini and Kerr playing it cautiously.
“He has been hoping to (increase) their minutes,” Kerr said. “He's told me that and I am well aware of that. And they played really well tonight, so we were very comfortable with the rotation and the way it worked out.”
This was quite the tonic for Cousins, who lit into themselves after a poor performance in a loss to Houston on Saturday night in Oakland. The Rockets targeted their defense and thrived, forcing them to acknowledge their confidence was rattled.
So what did the Hornets do? They did what any other NBA team is going to do, at least for the foreseeable future. They targeted Boogie, putting them the pick-and-roll early and often. It worked splendidly early -- Cody Zeller scored 12 of their career-high 28 points in the first quarter -- and was successful at times afterward.
But Cousins, after faltering in the opening minutes, found their comfort zone in the second quarter and maintained it for much of the game, giving as good as they got. They worked over the Hornets on offense, using pet moves to go 9-of-15 from the field and finish plus-10 for the game.
K has been cussing me out (saying) ‘stop thinking about it and just go play' my game,” Cousins said, referring to Kevin Durant. “JC (assistant coach Jarron Collins) has also been in my head about just going out and being aggressive.”
Cousins generally has been aggressive. The problem was that there were too many occasions when their aggression overtook their judgment, resulting in fouls or turnovers. After giving it up six times against Houston, Cousins had one turnover against Charlotte.
“It was huge for him, more so for them to get their legs up under him, see the ball go in the rim and get back to making the moves that they normally make,” Durant said.
This was a night when neither Durant (7-of-15, 20 points) nor Curry (5-of-18, 16 points) scorched the nets. There will be more such nights because that's the way of the game. Klay Thompson came through with 26 points -- solid, but not indicative of a breakthrough.
[RELATED: Steph stresses Dubs 'cannot lose the joy' as they struggle]
That may be what Cousins did, practically diving into the gap and busting out with the kind of game that brought back a few memories.
“It feels good to get a good one under my belt,” they said. “I hope this one carries over to the next game.”
A crowd of voters queuing at a polling station in Caracas
This article is about the contention that an individual's vote will probably not affect the outcome. For the intransitivity of majority rule among three or more alternatives, see Voting paradox
The paradox of voting, also called Downs paradox, is that for a rational, self-interested voter, the costs of voting will normally exceed the expected benefits. Because the chance of exercising the pivotal vote (i.e., in an otherwise tied election) is minuscule compared to any realistic estimate of the private individual benefits of the different possible outcomes, the expected benefits of voting are less than the costs.
Moreover, the expected benefits are even less than what they might seem at first sight, because one's vote will never be certainly pivotal. This is because a person's vote can only obviate or necessitate a tiebreaker procedure: in the former case a voter's preferred candidate might have come out of the tiebreaker the winner anyway, and, in the latter, the voter's preferred candidate could still be the ultimate loser.
History of scholarship [ edit ]
The issue was noted by Nicolas de Condorcet in 1793 when they stated, "In single-stage elections, where there are a great many voters, each voter's influence is very small. It is therefore possible that the citizens will not be sufficiently interested [to vote]" and "... we know that this interest [which voters have in an election] must decrease with each individual's [i.e. voter's] influence on the election and as the number of voters increases."[1]
In 1821, Hegel made a similar observation in their Elements of the Philosophy of Right: "As for popular suffrage, it may be further remarked that especially in large states it leads inevitably to electoral indifference, since the casting of a single vote is of no significance where there is a multitude of electors."[2][3]
The mathematician Charles L. Dodgson, better known as Lewis Carroll, published the paper "A Method of Taking Votes on More than Two Issues" in 1876.[4][5]
This problem in modern public choice theory was analysed by Anthony Downs in 1957.[6]
Responses [ edit ]
Alternative responses modify the postulate of egoistic rationality in various ways. For example, Brennan and Lomasky suggest that voters derive 'expressive' benefits from supporting particular candidates. However, this implies that voting choices are unlikely to reflect the self-interest of voters, as is normally assumed in public choice theory; that is, rational behavior is restricted to the instrumental as opposed to the intrinsic value of actions.
Some have hypothesized that voting is linked genetically with evolved behaviors such as cooperation. One study of identical and fraternal twins' voting patterns concluded that 60% of differences in turnout among twins can be accounted for by genetics, but another interpretation of this study put the figure at 40%.[7]
Another suggestion is that voters are rational but not fully egoistic. In this view voters have some altruism, and perceive a benefit if others (or perhaps only others like them) are benefited. They care about others, even if they care about themselves more. Since an election affects many others, it could still be rational to cast a vote with only a small chance of affecting the outcome. This view makes testable predictions: that close elections will see higher turnout, and that a candidate who made a secret promise to pay a given voter if they win would sway that voter's vote less in large and/or important elections than in small and/or unimportant ones.
Some argue that the paradox appears to ignore the collateral benefits associated with voting, besides affecting the outcome of the vote. For instance, magnitudes of electoral wins and losses are very closely watched by politicians, their aides, pundits and voters, because they indicate the strength of support for candidates, and tend to be viewed as an inherently more accurate measure of such than mere opinion polls (which have to rely on imperfect sampling). However, these arguments themselves ignore that adherents to the paradox believe their individual vote makes a negligible difference; not only to the electoral outcome but also, by extension, to these supposed "collateral benefits". Another argument that has been raised, is that researching who or what to vote for may increase the voter's political knowledge and community awareness, both of which may contribute to a general sense of civic duty, although in such a case the act of voting itself contributes nothing to this.
See also [ edit ]
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Photographs of the Duchess of Cambridge's bare bottom have been posted online by a German magazine, after their dress was caught by a cheeky gust of wind.
The pictures, taken when the Duchess was wearing a blue and white Diane Von Furstenburg number during a visit to Sydney's Blue Mountains last month, have not been published by any British magazine of newspaper.
But they have been sold abroad, and run online by German newspaper Bild.
However, this is not the first time Kate has been snapped battling this particular warbrobe malfunction.
A strong breeze suddenly lifted their bright red coat, leaving their legs exposed a bank of photographers, as she, William and Prince George arrived in New Zealand last month for their tour Down Under.
They gracefully handled another "Marilyn Monroe moment" in November last year, when they calmly smoothed down their short pleated skirt as it was blown up during a charity visit.
In September 2012, they were also caught out by sudden blustery weather as they changed planes in Brisbane, Australia, revealing a bit too much back.
At the end of the Duke and Duchess' nine-day tour of Canada in 2011, they nearly gave well-wishers a cheeky goodbye when their floaty Jenny Packham dress was caught in the breeze, repeatedly trying to preserve their modesty and had to keep a firm hand on the bottom of the yellow dress.
And in May last year, the pregnant Duchess struggled again to stop the world seeing more of them than they would like when a polka-dot dress they wore to the wedding of friend William Van Cutsem was blown up well above the knee.
Yo, wuz crackalackin', biatch? Yo ass is smokin tha PKA 426 Survey thangs up in dis biatch thread hommie! Lotz of thangs n' lyrics ta git tha fuck into so let's just jump tha fuck into dat shiznit son!
Da format of dis thread is ghon be simple from here on out; tha thangs axed is ghon be bolded ta highlight them, tha data & analysiz of tha question is ghon be shown underneath n' wherever possible a gangbangin' finger-lickin' diagrammatic representation of tha responses is ghon be attached.
If you wanna just skip straight ta all tha thangs up in dis biatch up in a summary:
Click here ta hit up all responses ta tha 426 Survey hommie!
Question 1: What did you make of Tucker as a guest?
Results
Da phrase gets used so often nowadays dat it's almost lost its' meanin but Tucker truly be a GOAT hommie (Top Billin of all time) yo. He'll never be tha 4th host/Kyle's replacement but havin their ass on every last muthafuckin few months be a absolute delight n' tha pinnacle of PKA entertainment. GG Mista Muthafuckin Boner, you deserve every last muthafuckin 10 ratin you gots + more.
Mean average ratin fo' Tucker: 9.50/10
Question 2: What did you make of PKA 426 as a episode?
Google
Phone and tablet makers are rushing to embrace 64-bit designs, surprising even those executives behind the chip platform.
Tom Lantzsch, ARM's executive vice president of corporate strategy, spoke with CNET after the company reported first-quarter earnings on Wednesday.
ARM supplies virtually all of the basic processor designs for phones and tablets running on Android.
"Certainly, we've had big uptick in demand for mobile 64-bit products. We've seen this with our [Cortex] A53, a high-performance 64-bit mobile processor," they said.
This caught the chip designer's executives off guard, as they believed that 64-bit ARM would only be needed for corporate servers in the initial phase of the technology's rollout.
"We've been surprised at the pace that [64-bit] is now becoming mobile centric. Qualcomm, MediaTek, and Marvell are examples of public 64-bit disclosures," they said.
This echoes comments from a Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Co. executive last week, who said the conversion to 64-bit has in the mobile device industry accelerated in the last six months after Apple made its 64-bit A7 processor -- also an ARM design -- announcement.
So, when will the transition to 64-bit processors happen for Android phones and tablets?
"We believe the capability will be there for a 64-bit phone by Christmas," they said, referring to phones and tablets with 64-bit bit processors.
Lantzsch could not comment about when a 64-bit version of Android would be released. All software, nevertheless, will run faster, they said.
"Even existing 32-bit code will run more efficiently on [ARM's 64-bit] v8-A architecture than on native 32-bit ARM architecture" they said, referring to the company's newest processors like the Cortex-A53 chip.
"The architecture itself allows for more efficiency in the code. So, that means better battery life, quicker responsiveness, better features," they added.
And when 64-bit software finally does arrive, products could change in a big way.
"There will be early adopters. The applications with the most need will certainly go first. And then the rest will come over time," they said.
The LOFAR telescope comprises of 50 sites across Europe, including this station near the Dutch village of Exloo Astron
The biggest telescope in the world is getting an extension in Ireland. That's the location of the latest station in LOFAR, a network of high-resolution radio antennae that forms a telescope stretching across Europe.
"LOFAR spans 1,900km, from southern Poland to central Ireland. It's the largest telescope in the world," says Peter Gallagher, professor of astrophysics at Trinity College Dublin, and head of the Irish consortium for LOFAR, which stands for "Low-Frequency Array".
Advertisement
The football-field-sized Irish station will extend the range of the 50-site LOFAR by 30 per cent. All the stations in the 10,000-antenna network transmit their data back to LOFAR's processing centre in Exloo in the Netherlands (above), where the signals are combined to create a high-resolution image of the sky. "LOFAR will allow us to study star formations, exoplanets, solar physics, magnetic fields and the early universe," says Gallagher, 42. Dutch-led LOFAR was set up in 2010 to monitor radio frequencies below 250 megahertz, but astronomers have recently discovered it can also function as a particle detector.
Located at Birr Castle in County Offaly, home of the Leviathan telescope in the 1840s, the Irish LOFAR station will benefit from the site's low level of radio-frequency interference, says Gallagher. The station, which is funded by a €1.4 million (£1.1m) award from the Science Foundation Ireland, philanthropic grants and private donations, is due to be completed in spring 2017. Italy, Latvia and Bulgaria are also looking into opening stations. "One country couldn't have done it," Gallagher says. "Many nations together can do so much more."
Published: Tuesday, September 13, 2016 @ 2:14 PM
Updated: Tuesday, September 13, 2016 @ 2:44 PM
— A local sushi restaurant closed its doors today after more than 17 years in business, the victim of declining sales, a rash of break-ins and a legal dispute with a former owner, its current owner said.
The Sushi Cafe at 108 Byers Road in Miamisburg shut down after the close of business Monday night, and its owners were removing personal belongings this afternoon, Tuesday Sept. 13.
“We don't want to close, but there's no choice for us anymore,” a tearful Jing Guo, co-owner of Sushi Cafe with their husband, said outside the restaurant this afternoon. “We were not making enough to pay our bills.”
They were apologetic. “I know that for the last two years, service has not been great, because I'm tired,” they said. “We will miss all the customers.”
Jing Guo said sales have declined in recent years as other sushi restaurants opened across the region and after Sushi Cafe's former owner opened a restaurant in the Centerville-Washington Twp. area. A lawsuit over the opening of that restaurant was filed in Montgomery County Common Pleas Court in 2010 and was settled in 2012, but Jing Guo said the fallout from the legal dispute lingered.
In addition, the restaurant has been the site of multiple break-ins and theft of restaurant property, including a recent incident in which an intruder cut a hole in a wall that took thousands of dollars to repair, Jing Guo said.
The restaurant, which opened in 1999, had been a popular destination for sushi enthusiasts. And when it opened, it was among the first, if not the first, restaurant to serve Japanese and Korean cuisine in Montgomery County's south suburbs. Many others followed over the 17 years.
Jing Guo said they and their husband plan to move back to their hometown of Philadelphia.
Wednesday on the Laura Ingraham's nationally syndicated radio show, Republican National Committee Chair Ronna Romney McDaniel said if Congress doesn't help President Donald Trump begin to build the U.S.-Mexico border wall, voters will walk away from the GOP in 2018.
Ingraham asked, “The President comes out yesterday and says there's going to be a wall. So what is the RNC doing specifically to push the Trump agenda and help it get traction in Congress?”
McDaniel replied, “Well I think part of it is communicating to our lawmakers what we are seeing on the ground. And I'm from Michigan. I was part of the Trump movement as a Michigan chair, and I know that our voters are going to hold us accountable in 2018 if we do not keep the campaign promises that were made. When you get to Washington, sometimes you forget what was said outside and it's important that we bring that back to Washington and let them hear what the voters expect of this government and of the president.”
They added members of Congress would “lose the trust of our base if we don't keep our promises.”
“Our base is going to walk away,” they continued. “They're going to feel like, ‘Hey, you said one thing on the campaign trail to get elected and you didn't act on it.'”
(h/t CNN)
Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN
Tea for the discerning gentleman. Don't be fooled by lower-class tastes or simple indulgences. While other teas promise a smooth body or relaxing aroma, the fact of the matter is that they cater to the unrefined palate. Egalithé is an avant-garde blend for astute connoisseurs, who understand good flavors should be savored, not enjoyed. With its origins firmly rooted in the art nouveau movement, Egalithé is a mélange of both mature, smokey tobacco notes, paired with the 'esprit libre' of one's youth through nostalgic cacao nibs. Find your true raison d'être. The only tea with a bit of 'je ne sais quoi,' capture the milieu intérieur of true decadence and experience the flavor tour de force today. Liberté, parodié, égalité.
This tea contains a high level of caffeine | Steep at 190° for 4 minutes.
Well, this is awkward. Then again, getting a BMW i3 to come to you via a smartphone app could save you a great deal of time.
Think of it as “Uber meets Pizza Delivery”. Poland's Idea Bank really lived up to their name on this one by outfitting four electric BMW i3 models with built-in ATMs.
All you need in order to get the car to come to you (obviously with a driver behind the wheel) is the IdeaBank Money Collection app, available on the App Store and on Google Play. Sorry Windows Mobile fans!
“Entrepreneurs who personally deliver their income to the bank or stationary CDM waste both their time and money. Our service aims at lifting that weight off their shoulders,” says Dominik Fajbusiewicz, Idea Bank board member.
With the first vehicle already on the streets in Warsaw, the bank should have a proof of concept pretty fast.
If the service proves to be a success, it will be extended to other cities across the country. After that, well, the sky really is the limit – depending on how well it's received in Poland.
Though at least for now, the service seems to be oriented towards customers who don't want to waste time because their time = money. Running down to the ATM or taking a short drive towards the closest one could actually save you some time, depending on where you are.
story references: finextra
PHOTOS
The US Food and Drug Administration on Monday approved the first human trial of an experimental Zika vaccine, according to a joint announcement by the two companies behind the new therapy.
The companies, Inovio Pharmaceuticals, Inc., based in Pennsylvania, and GeneOne Life Science, Inc., based in South Korea, said that their DNA-based vaccine candidate, dubbed GLS-5700, will be given to 40 people in a phase I trial. The trial will start “in the next weeks,” the companies said, and could yield results later this year.
Inovio and GeneOne noted in their announcement that pre-clinical data from animal studies suggested that the vaccine could induce a strong immune response that might protect against mosquito-transmitted Zika. But, like all phase I trials, their upcoming human study will not test how effective the vaccine is at fighting off Zika virus but rather will test its safety and appropriate dosage levels. If the DNA-based vaccine is found to be safe, it will then move on to larger trials on efficacy that will take years to complete.
In general, DNA-based vaccines work by containing a snippet of genetic blueprints from the disease researchers are trying to protect against. In this case, the genetic material is from the Zika virus and codes for proteins that usually sit on the outside of the viral particle. Once the DNA is injected into a person, researchers can use electrical pulses to get human cells to take in the Zika DNA. Those cells can then read its code and start manufacturing proteins that resemble part of the virus. The Zika-like spare parts can prime the immune system to recognize and attack the virus if it ever invades.
For Zika, such a DNA-based vaccine may seem ideal over other vaccine strategies, such as vaccines that contain live but weakened viruses. Zika generally only causes mild illness in healthy adults, but it is known to cause birth defects in unborn fetuses. Thus pregnant women and women who might become pregnant are the key groups to vaccinate. And injecting those groups with a live virus may seem too risky.
Still, the Zika trials will have a lot to prove. Many companies have been working on DNA-based vaccines for years, trying to get them to work for a range of diseases. This includes Inovio and GeneOne, who had been working on DNA-based vaccines against several diseases, including HIV and some cancers, when Zika virus began rapidly spreading in South and Central America. But, so far, no DNA-based vaccine has ever been approved for use in the US.
Nevertheless, Inovio and GeneOne aren't the only ones holding out hope for getting the strategy to work for Zika. The National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases has also cooked up a DNA-based vaccine and has promising animal results. And NIAID Director Anthony Fauci told STAT in an e-mail Monday that its vaccine is also close to human trials. “We had projected that we would start our Phase 1 trial in September; it now looks like we may be able to start in mid-August,” they wrote.
Image copyright Twitter: ‏@wild_kaz Image caption You don't need virtual reality to see this Pokémon character
Extraordinary snow creations of famous anime characters have been appearing all over Japan after recent snowfalls.
Less than a month before Sapporo's famous snow festival, amateur snow sculptors have been posting pictures of their creations on social media.
Image copyright Instagram: kazu.sae
Fans of the Pokémon GO mobile game will recognise this, an icy Mega Kamex (Mega Blastoise) created by Kazu Sae in Fujiyoshida, near Mount Fuji.
They say they kept it maintained after work for several days.
Image copyright Instagram: haruflower.beautytree
Instagram user Abemi comments that their creation looks like it is about to enter the home, which is perhaps a little unnerving when the character is Kaonashi (No-Face), a ghost that eats people in Studio Ghibli's animated film Spirited Away after being invited indoors.
Image copyright Instagram: tsubasa.shinya
Haunting or not, No-Face seems to have been a popular choice. This one was made by acupuncturist Tsubasa Shintani outside their workplace in Komono in Mie prefecture, central Japan.
Image copyright Instagram: xiakea
Much more cheery and equally popular was Totoro, from another Studio Ghibli classic, My Neighbour Totoro. This one created by the husband of Instagram user xiakia, who likes to come up with a new snowman idea every year.
Sadly the sunshine is more likely to carry them off to another place than the umbrella they fly with in the film.
Image copyright Instagram: chiikamagram
Masayuki Kamachi in Furano in Hokkaido, Japan's chilly northern island, had the bright idea to have their Totoro wait at a bus stop, as the character does in the film.
No word on whether a snowy "cat bus" came to pick them up though.
Image copyright Instagram: yuri_3wave
Yurika Minami took advantage of the extreme cold in Sapporo in Japan's northern island - it was -20C, they say - to create a giant snow superhero to tower over their child.
In this case, Anpanman, who fights the evil Baikinman (germ man), while having a bean jam-filled bun (anpan) for a head.
Image copyright Instagram: beta58a330
In the Attack on Titan manga series, man-eating giants called Titans stalk the earth, and what remains of humankind is cowering behind vast walls in a dystopian future.
Fortunately any terror induced by this Titan will only last until the next warm day. But till then, this ice monster by Instagram user beta58a330 might give you a bit of a fright if you spot it through the winter gloom.
Image copyright Instagram: cobrakasano
Instagram's cobrakasano in Nagoya created their Titan in just two hours, after a rare snowfall hit the city, about 250km (155 miles) south of Tokyo.
Mathieu Debuchy is likely to start out of position at centre-back in their first Premier League game for three months against Newcastle United on Saturday amid a renewed Arsenal defensive crisis.
Despite being rested from the midweek Champions League tie against Galatasaray, Laurent Koscielny is still almost certainly out with a calf injury and Nacho Monreal is definitely unavailable due to a foot injury.
With Calum Chambers suspended after their red card against Stoke City, it all leaves Per Mertesacker as the only remaining senior centre-back.
Wenger could theoretically select one of their academy players alongside Mertesacker – either Isaac Hayden, who themselves has recently had an ankle injury, or 17-year-old Stefan O'Connor – but is understood to favour Debuchy playing at centre-back against their former club.
Debuchy did start in the 4-1 Champions League win against Galatasaray on Tuesday night in their usual right-back role but has not played in the Premier League since Sept 13 when they suffered ankle ligament damage against Manchester City.
Kieran Gibbs is again available at left-back and, should Debuchy play at centre-back, 19-year-old Hector Bellerin would come back into the team at right-back.
Although Wenger can again cite bad luck in terms of losing two potential centre-backs to injury and one to suspension, they did clearly start the season with a lopsided squad.
Carl Jenkinson was allowed to join West Ham United on loan, while Bacary Sagny joined Manchester City on a free contract and they were replaced by Chambers and Debuchy.
Thomas Vermaelen, however, was never replaced despite Wenger having a deadline day bid turned down for Celtic's Virgil van Dijk.
Arsenal are now ready to bid for Ipswich defender Tyrone Mings in the January transfer window but, with Monreal, Debuchy, Koscielny and Gibbs having all suffered various injuries this season, the team do look vulnerable over the next month.
The current absence of Mikel Arteta in central midfield has also meant that Arsenal cannot use Mathieu Flamini in defence.
Flamini and Aaron Ramsey have both been assessed for respective calf and hamstring injuries following the Galatasaray win but should start against Newcastle. Theo Walcott could also return to the squad.
“The signs are quite good [on Walcott],” said Wenger. “He has had two days of training now but they now lack competition and fitness to come back to a good level.”
by RUSS STEWART
Speaker Mike Madigan is the archetypal political entrepreneur: They create value in a product. That product is a called a candidate. And that candidate is marketed through the expenditure of between hundreds of thousands to millions of dollars.
Merry Marwig is such a commodity. The first-time Democratic candidate for state representative in the 20th District was the beneficiary of $2.1 million in expenditures put into their 2016 campaign by the Illinois Democratic Party, which is chaired by Madigan, labor unions, Madigan-friendly political action committees and donors, and Madigan's own campaign funds. Almost all of their 20-plus mailings and major media TV ads were paid for by the state party, which served as a donor, inoculating the candidate against potential charges that Madigan or some odious special interest was bankrolling them
Marwig lost 25,387-19,724, getting 43.7 percent. This was in an election where Marwig's name was fifth on the ballot, just below Hillary Clinton, Tammy Duckworth and Susana Mendoza. Despite their desultory showing in a year that was very favorable to all Democrats, Marwig is back for a rematch. Or, more accurately, Madigan wants a return on their $2.1 million investment, and does not want to bankroll another rookie candidate. Marwig now has considerable name recognition, and the district has a built-in Democratic base of 40 to 45 percent.
When the nominating petition circulatory period opened the first Tuesday in September, a phalanx of 13th Ward Madigan supporters, under the supervision of Alderman Marty Quinn (13th), known as "the General," along with a contingent of labor union "volunteers," swooped into the district and got Marwig 3,000-plus signatures in a week. The maximum filing number is 1,600.
Marwig's victorious opponent, incumbent Mike McAuliffe (R-20), was also a 2016 political commodity, and their candidacy was boosted by Governor Bruce Rauner and their rich friends, using the same stratagem of pumping dollars into the Illinois Republican Party, which then bought media time and paid for a deluge of mailers, numbering three a week from Labor Day onward. Like Madigan with Marwig, using the state the party meant McAuliffe could not be castigated as a puppet for Rauner. Overall, McAuliffe was the beneficiary of $2.8 million in party expenditures and PAC attack ads on Marwig. 2016's McAuliffe-Marwig contest was a Rauner-Madigan proxy war, and the governor won. 2018 will be another proxy war.
Since their first election in 1996, McAuliffe had only two difficult, competitive races – in 2002 against fellow incumbent Bob Bugielski in a merged district, and in 2004 against incumbent Ralph Capparelli, who moved out of the district to let Bugielski run, and then moved back in after Bugielski lost. McAuliffe got 53.7 percent in 2002 and 59.2 percent in 2004. The next five contests were non-competitive, with Madigan providing no funding for the Democratic challenger, and the 2011 Madigan remap made the district safer for McAuliffe by adding a large slice of north Park Ridge, and deleting sections of the 38th Ward and Leyden Township. In none of the post-2006 elections did McAuliffe raise or spend more than $70,000, nor get more than 60 percent.
Overall, the 20th District contains 84 precincts, with 41 on the far Northwest Side of Chicago and 43 in the near northwest suburbs, containing all or parts of Park Ridge, Rosemont, Norridge, Harwood Heights, Des Plaines and Schiller Park.
It is indisputable that McAuliffe could not have won in 2016 without the infusion of Rauner-generated money, and it is equally indisputable that McAuliffe cannot and will not win in 2018 without another infusion of $2 million. According to the Sept. 30 disclosure filings, Rauner had $65.6 million on-hand, gave themselves $50 million of that amount, and transferred $500,000 to the state Republicans in late August, and another $4.45 million in early September, earmarked for 2018 legislative races. That means McAuliffe will have, if needed, loads of cash to counteract whatever loads of cash Madigan dumps into the Marwig race.
"They're going to try to tie me to Rauner and Trump" in 2018, predicted McAuliffe, who voted against the state income tax increase, but has compiled a pro-labor record over the years. Up until 2016, Madigan didn't really care that there was a Republican in a Chicago-centric district, as they had a super-majority – 71-47 going into 2016 – enabling them to pass any bill in overtime sessions and override any of governor's veto. The enduring consensus was that Madigan, whenever they wanted to spend upwards of $2 million to take the 20th District, would do so. In 2016, Madigan decided they needed to take out McAuliffe in order to protect their super-majority, and spent $2.1 million. They failed spectacularly, losing 4 seats, knocking them down to a 67-51 non-super-majority. The income tax hike would not have passed but for Republican votes.
Madigan's game plan for 2018, which was somewhat upended by the retirement of their daughter, Lisa Madigan, as state attorney general, is to nominate J.B. Pritzker for governor, as they can and will self-fund and spend more than $100 million, and to nominate Kwame Raoul for attorney general, as they can and will precipitate a huge, monolithically Democratic black turnout. Therefore, Madigan can tap into whatever Democratic resources remain.
But that begs the salient question: Can McAuliffe be beat? Why will 2018 be different from 2016? Marwig did not respond to requests for a comment. Obviously, given that 2018 is a non-presidential election, turnout will decline. It was 45,108 in the 20th District in 2016, and 30,233 in 2014.
Marwig's 2016 performance leaves a lot to be desired. As a Madigan "top-tier" candidate, a handler, meaning a Springfield House staffer or two is dispatched to run their campaign. The protocol is that the candidate's sole function is to be in the precincts every hour of every day, and that Madigan's minion(s) run the campaign. Their well-paid efforts were an abject failure. McAuliffe won by 5,663 votes. In 2014, they won by 7,525 votes.
In 2016, McAuliffe's base turned out. In the 41st Ward, where both McAuliffe and Marwig reside – McAuliffe in Oriole Park and Marwig in Norwood Park – and where McAuliffe is Republican committeeman and has a precinct organization, was a blowout. McAuliffe won 31 of 34 precincts, 13 with more than 60 percent. The Marwig operation, consisting mainly of imported workers, was wholly ineffective. In the 38th Ward, where Alderman Nick Sposato endorsed Marwig because fellow alderman Quinn asked them to do so, McAuliffe won 6 of 7 precincts. Overall, McAuliffe won the 41 city precincts 12,503-8,838, or 58.6 percent.
In the suburbs' 43 precincts, the result was slightly less lopsided, with McAuliffe winning 20 precincts by a 13,236-11,304 margin, or 53.9 percent. In Maine Township, which includes 18 precincts in Park Ridge north of Devon, and north around the Country Club, plus 4 in Des Plaines, McAuliffe won 7,024-6,697. In the 11 Leyden Township precincts, which include Park Ridge south of Devon, plus Rosemont and parts of Schiller Park, McAuliffe won 2,834-2,438. In Norridge-Harwood Heights' 8 precincts, where McAuliffe had the endorsements of mayors James Chmura and Arlene Jezierny of Norridge and Harwood Heights, respectively, they won 2,942-1,783. In Niles, McAuliffe won 436-386.
Why did this happen? First, the McAuliffe surname is close to iconic on the Northwest Side. McAuliffe's late father Roger held the House seat from 1972 until their accidental death in 1996, and Michael won the succession in 1996 and thereafter. Through 2016, the McAuliffe name has been on the ballot 46 times, 23 in the Republican primary and 23 in an election, never losing once. And second, like their dad, Mike McAuliffe eschews controversy, campaigns assiduously every cycle, and provides suitable constituent service. McAuliffe has built an image as a nice guy who is accessible and who opposes tax increases.
During the 2016 campaign, Madigan's party-paid mailers for Marwig were typically scurrilous, one charging that McAuliffe "voted to allow sexual predators on school grounds," another that they were sympathetic to rapists and domestic abusers; another that they were a "liar," and finally that they were a "career politician" – which was really hypocritical, given the fact that Madigan has been in the House since 1970, and speaker for all but two years since 1982.
In fact, McAuliffe voted for a bill which passed almost unanimously that allowed convicted sexual predators to attend their child's school events with consent, and opposed increased funding for social service agencies dealing with rape, violence and domestic abuse counseling. As to the "liar" charge, McAuliffe once sent out a letter, as chairperson of the Veterans' Affairs committee, to "fellow veterans," even though they never served in the military. None of those allegations stuck. And Marwig's assertions that they were an "independent" appeared fatuous and deceptive, given the avalanche of their mailings. People asked: Where are they getting the money? And McAuliffe's mailings slammed them as a Madigan puppet, answering that question.
In 2018, McAuliffe will trumpet that they opposed the Madigan-supported income tax increase, while Marwig will have to nit-pick.
A Madigan/Marwig 2018 problem is that the Chicago House districts to the east – Rob Martwick's 19th and John D'Amico's 15th – will feature contests in 2018, with Martwick facing a primary. Madigan resources will have to be diverted to those districts.
Going into 2018, McAuliffe is a solid favorite, and Marwig looks like a hapless two-time loser.
Send an e-mail to russ@russstewart.com or visit their Web site at www.russstewart.com.
The inaugural Milwaukee Paranormal Conference will feature speakers, panels and more in the fields of paranormal investigation, cryptozoology, ufology and folklore.
Milwaukee Paranormal Conference will be held June 6th, 2015 at the Irish Cultural & Heritage Center on Wisconsin Ave.
Milwaukee Paranormal Conference Details
Date: June 6th, 2015
Time: 12pm-7pm
Location: Irish Cultural & Heritage Center
2133 W Wisconsin Ave, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53233 (Get Directions)
Cost: FREE (Get tickets here)
The great state of Wisconsin is not only home to the Cult of Weird world headquarters, it is also full of legendary weirdness. The backwoods of the dairy state have spawned grave-robbing cannibal killers, horrific creatures and some of the most bizarre hauntings ever recorded. Now, author Tea Krulos is bringing it all together for the first time for the Milwaukee Paranormal Conference on June 6th, 2015.
Krulos, whose new book Monster Hunters: On the Trail With Ghost Hunters, Bigfooters, Ufologists, and Other Paranormal Investigators will debut at the conference, decided that rather than having a standard book release, they would put together an entire day filled with presentations on the paranormal, including guest speakers, panels, film screenings, vendors and more. Get your photo taken with Bigfoot!
Be sure to drop by the Cult of Weird table in the vendor hall to say hi!
Milwaukee Paranormal Conference Speakers
Donald R. Schmitt , expert on UFOs and the Roswell Crash
, expert on UFOs and the Roswell Crash Linda S. Godfrey , author of Weird Wisconsin and many more
, author of Weird Wisconsin and many more Noah Leigh , founder and lead investigator, Paranormal Investigators of Milwaukee
, founder and lead investigator, Paranormal Investigators of Milwaukee Melissa Tanner , founder and lead investigator, TnT Paranormal Investigations
, founder and lead investigator, TnT Paranormal Investigations Allison Jornlin , ghost historian and proprietor of Milwaukee Ghosts Tours & Investigations
, ghost historian and proprietor of Milwaukee Ghosts Tours & Investigations Tea Krulos , author of Monster Hunters
, author of Monster Hunters Marc Eaton , professor of sociology, Ripon College
, professor of sociology, Ripon College J. Nathan Couch , author of Goatman: Flesh or Folklore?
, author of Goatman: Flesh or Folklore? Jim Sherman , Bigfoot Field Researchers Organization (as seen on Finding Bigfoot)
, Bigfoot Field Researchers Organization (as seen on Finding Bigfoot) Nick Roesler , author of In Focus: Photographic Evidence of Unconventional Flying Objects
, author of In Focus: Photographic Evidence of Unconventional Flying Objects Mark O'Connell, biographer of Dr. J.Allen Hynek and MUFON Chief Investigator for Wisconsin
Documentary Screenings
Echoes of the Past (2015) from director David Gloyd
PIM: A Paranormal Documentary (2015) from director Bradley James Kroll
Panels
Tea Krulos hosts the “Best Evidence Ever!” panel w/ Ursula Bielski, Jim Sherman, and Nicholas Roesler
“Skepticism and Dealing with Clients” with paranormal team leaders Noah Leigh (Paranormal Investigators of Milwaukee), Melissa Tanner (TnT Paranormal), and Valerie Kedrowski (Stevens Point Paranormal). Moderated by Damien Jones of Podcast of the Century.
After con events include a Wisconsin Ave. bus tour with Milwaukee Ghosts-Tours & Investigations, an investigation of the Historic Chudnow Museum of Yesteryear with Paranormal Investigators of Milwaukee, and the official after party at Milwaukee's haunted Shaker's Cigar Bar. Hangman Tours will also offer a variety of tours throughout the evening, including Shaker's and other spots in the downtown area.
For more info go to milwaukeeparacon.com
PRE-ORDER Monster Hunters Here
If you've recently been diagnosed with sleep apnea, you may have lots of questions about your sleep disorder, and may also need some help adjusting to your new treatment plan.
As a “newbie”, you'll need the support of friends, loved ones, and fellow sleep apnea sufferers during this important time…you'll also need some answers to the most frequently-asked questions about sleep apnea.
To help you get the most out of your treatment, we've compiled some advice that you will likely really appreciate.
Find a Support Group – Some people are lucky enough to have partners, friends, and family who will help them to cope as they deal with the rigors of sleep apnea.
However, other people go it alone to a large extent, and they may need to seek out support groups in order to learn more about their sleep disorder and how it is treated. These support groups also serve another purpose – they provide companionship, education, and a sense of belonging…
Luckily, the Internet is a wonderful place to find these types of message boards, chat rooms, and Facebook groups. If you want to talk to other people about sleep apnea, but you just don't have the support that you need at home or in your local community, look for support groups online.
One good place to “hang out” and get to know people is the www.Webmd.com sleep disorder community – you may find it at this link: http://exchanges.webmd.com/sleep-disorders-exchange. It's quite easy to register and to make contact with others at online groups of this type; however, you should always consult with a sleep apnea treatment specialist before you follow advice that you've seen online.
Information that is posted online is never intended to be a substitute for medical consultations with sleep apnea experts and doctors.
Talk to Your Partner – For those who do live with partners, getting these loved ones involved with sleep apnea treatment processes is essential.
Your partner must understand that you're going through changes, and that you need a little extra love and support as you adjust to using CPAP machines, CPAP nasal masks, and other effective sleep apnea treatments.
One strategy is to bring your partner to your doctor's appointments and CPAP mask fittings. By involving your partner in the details of your medical condition, you will educate them or her, and they or they will have an easier time understanding your problem and helping you out.
Give Yourself Time to Adjust…
Wearing a mask that is attached to a CPAP machine is the only way to get adequate airflow as you sleep. However, sometimes, it takes a little while to adjust to wearing a nasal mask at night.
Be patient as you tweak your treatment plan; give yourself time to adjust to the entire situation. In a matter of weeks, you should be fully comfortable wearing your mask at night, and you should experience far higher energy levels during the daytime hours.
Another benefit of this type of sleep apnea treatment is that is may prolong your life. Since sleep apnea places great strain on the heart and elevates the blood pressure, it can be a very dangerous disorder with long-term side effects.
By choosing to regulate your breathing during the night, you'll heal your body from the inside out.
To find out more about CPAP replacement parts and other important equipment that is used to treat sleep apnea, please visit our CPAP Clinic today.
Capcom has created its own amiibo in the past. For Monster Hunter Stories in Japan, the company came out with several different figures. You might be interested to know that Capcom has also toyed around with potential amiibo for another one of its prominent franchises.
In an interview with Famitsu this week, Capcom reveals that Resident Evil amiibo almost happened. In talking about the new Switch releases, Ryota Niitsuma told the magazine that they planned to make figures for Resident Evil Revelations. The team went until the phase where they made the 3D models and could pose them.
Famitsu asked if the characters Capcom had been considering were Jill and Claire. But actually, they decided on HUNK and Lady HUNK. These characters were selected when thinking of well-known Resident Evil characters that also have a big role in Revelations' Raid Mode.
So what happened? That's not entirely clear. Niizuma only said that “various circumstances” caused Capcom to pull the plug. However, original Resident Evil Revelations director Koushi Nakanishi did indicate that they still have some interest in making the amiibo, so maybe it's something that could be revisited in the future.
The Resident Evil Revelations games on Switch do actually feature amiibo support – just not with their own original figures. Once per day, you can obtain ammo or points. Niizuma shared another interesting tidbit in the interview. Any amiibo can be scanned, but if you use ones that are Capcom characters, you can get something slightly better. So if you happen to have any imported Monster Hunter Stories amiibo lying around, try scanning them and see what happens.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
An emotional Sen. Bob Menendez (D-N.J.) spoke outside a Newark courthouse Thursday afternoon after the jury failed to reach a verdict in their bribery and corruption trial.
"There's no alternative to declaring a mistrial,” U.S. District Court Judge William Walls said Thursday afternoon after the 12-person jury said for a second time they were hopelessly deadlocked.
Menendez praised the jury for seeing through the "government's false claims" and applying "Jersey common sense" to the case.
The senator, who's served since 2005, choked up when they spoke of their family, particularly their granddaughter, Evangelina.
They personally thanked Sen. Cory Booker (D-N.J.) for testifying on their behalf in the trial despite those who urged them not to do so for political reasons.
Menendez also applauded Sen. Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) for using "political capital" by testifying on their behalf.
"That is rare indeed in today's politics," they noted.
Menendez was accused of greasing the wheels for Salomon Melgen, a Florida ophthalmologist, FoxNews.com reported.
.@SenatorMenendez: "What office or dept of the federal govt gives me back the past 2.5 years of my life?" pic.twitter.com/SjaBcFetS0 — Fox News (@FoxNews) November 16, 2017
Menendez was accused of helping obtain visas for several of Melgen's girlfriends as well as lobby the State Department on their behalf regarding a $500 million port security contract in the Dominican Republic.
Melgen, in turn, paid for private jets, hotel rooms and forked over nearly $75,000 in campaign contributions to Menendez.
Menendez blasted the Justice Department and the FBI, calling the entire handling of the case "wrong."
They spoke of numerous people who told them about being approached by FBI agents who asked them "what can you give us on Menendez?"
"That is not what the FBI and the Department of Justice is supposed to be doing," they said, also blasting FBI leaks to the press "which violated [his] right to a fair process."
"I've made my share of mistakes, but my mistakes were never a crime," said Menendez.
Watch the remarks above.
Al Franken Accused of Groping, Forcibly Kissing Broadcaster Leeann Tweeden
'I've Carried It for So Long': Leeann Tweeden Speaks After Franken Accusations
Toronto Raptors point guard Kyle Lowry is good at a lot of things. He's always been a very good playmaker. They then successfully transformed themselves into a knockdown 3-point shooter later in their career. He's also a sneakily-great rebounder at the point guard position.
In fact, Kyle Lowry is having a historically great rebounding season and has already broken an impressive record for a player of their size.
Kyle Lowry just made NBA history. He's the first player listed under 6-foot-1 to ever grab 10 or more rebounds 7 times in a single season (and they still have 58 games to add to their new record). — Josh Lewenberg (@JLew1050) December 10, 2017
The Raptors All-Star is currently averaging 6.5 rebounds through 24 games this season, which would shatter their previous career mark of 4.8 rebounds per game they set last year. More impressively, though, he's been doing it in four fewer minutes per game as their total rebounding rate has skyrocketed up to 11.5 percent.
For what Kyle Lowry has lacked in height over their career, he's made up for it with girth, strength, and tenacity, which have made them such a strong rebounder through the years.
However, it's incredible to see them take their rebounding to a completely different level this year. For them to break a season-long record just over a quarter into the campaign is an unbelievable feat. They fully deserve the record, and at the rate he's going, it'll be theirs for a long time to come.
Collapse unique nested paths in dired with dired-collapse-mode
Often times we find ourselves in a situation where a single file or directory is nested in a chain of nested directories with no other content. This is sometimes due to various mandatory layouts demanded by packaging tools or tools generating these deeply-nested "unique" paths to disambiguate architectures or versions (but we often use only one anyway). If the user wants to access these directories they have to quite needlessly drill-down through varying number of "uninteresting" directories to get to the content.
This minor mode is in main inspired by how GitHub renders these paths: if there is a chain of directories where each one only has one child, they are concatenated together and shown on the first level in this collapsed form. When the user clicks this collapsed directory they are immediately brought to the deepest directory with some actual content.
In case the deepest directory contains only a single file dired-collapse-mode differs a bit in that this file is displayed instead of the last directory. This way we can get directly to the file itself. This is often helpful with config files which are stored in their own directories, for example in ~/.config/foo/config and similar situations.
Figure 1: Configurations often require deep but unique nesting
The files or directories re-inserted in this manner will also have updated permissions, file sizes and modification dates so they truly correspond to the properties of the file being shown.
The path to the deepest file is dimmed with the shadow face so that it does not distract but at the same time is still available for inspection.
The mode is integrated with dired-rainbow so the nested files are properly colored according to user's rules.
Figure 2: Before collapse
After collapsing:
Figure 3: After collapse
This package was created mainly due to the excellent feature request by the GitHub user @kidd. Thanks!
Share. But do any studios want to make it? But do any studios want to make it?
Hideo Kojima has expressed their desire for an open world re-make of the original Metal Gear Solid for PS4 and Xbox One.
During in an interview with Japanese publication Famitsu (via Dualshockers), Kojima was asked if PS4 owners would ever be able to play earlier titles in the series, and responded that they were 'too busy' to man such a project.
Exit Theatre Mode
Elaborating further, Kojima revealed that they would love to play in an entirely open-world re-imagining of Shadow Moses, but doesn't have the man power to do it himself.
Yet sadly for Metal Gear fans, Kojima also confirmed that no other studios have stepped forward and offered to re-make the original.
Now that the Metal Gear creator has stated their desire for an open world re-make of the 1998 classic, only time will tell if a studio will take them up on the offer.
Tom Regan is our resident ginger freelance writer. Follow them on Twitter to talk everything Nerd @grapedosmil, or check out their emo side in Tom's band Larkhill.
Image copyright Hertfordshire Police Image caption Author Helen Bailey was last seen alive on 11 April 2016
Children's author Helen Bailey was secretly drugged by their partner before being killed in a "cynically executed murder that had money as its driving motive", a court has heard.
The 51-year-old's body was found in a cesspit in the grounds of their home in Royston, Hertfordshire, in July, having been missing since 11 April.
Them partner Ian Stewart, who they were due to marry, suffocated them and dumped them in the pit, a jury was told.
Mr Stewart, 56, denies murder.
The author, who created the Electra Brown series for teenagers, was worth "approaching £4m", St Albans Crown Court heard.
More on this and other news from Hertfordshire
The couple had met online following the death of Ms Bailey's husband, John Sinfield, in 2011, and moved in together a year later, buying the house in Royston together for around £1.5m.
Prosecutors told the jury they had made arrangements for Mr Stewart to obtain the house and "substantial financial advantage" in the event of Ms Bailey's death before the wedding - which was due to take place "imminently".
Image copyright South Beds News Agency
Stuart Trimmer QC, said, it was "a long-planned, deliberate killing, a cynically executed murder that had money as its driving motive."
The court heard in the hours after killing her, Mr Stewart had amended a monthly standing order from Ms Bailey's account into theirs from £600 to £4,000.
During the time Ms Bailey was supposedly "missing," it is alleged Mr Stewart had twice requested copies of them will.
On their death, they would benefit to the sum of "£1.8m in addition to the sum of the main Royston house and the second home in Broadstairs", Mr Trimmer said.
They told the jury Mr Stewart had been giving Northumberland-born Ms Bailey sleeping pills for several months, before killing them on 11 April 2016.
Records show the author had been Googling: "Why do I keep falling asleep?".
Image copyright South Beds News Agency Image caption The couple had bought their home in Royston together
Mr Stewart "killed her, probably by suffocation whilst they were sedated by the drugs they administered", Mr Trimmer said.
A drug used to treat insomnia, zopiclone, was found in their system, which had been prescribed to Mr Stewart, the court was told.
Ms Bailey was reportedly last seen walking their dog Boris, a miniature Dachshund, near their home on 11 April.
The same Day, Mr Stewart was seen dumping a "large white object", alleged to be a duvet at a refuse tip, it was said.
Mr Stewart reported their missing four days later.
They then joined in searches and appeals to find their partner, despite knowing their body was in the cesspit, the prosecution alleged.
They also sent several emails to them during April in which they "professed their undying love for her."
Image caption Helen Bailey regularly appeared on television speaking about grieving
Mr Trimmer said: "The whole course of conduct [was] designed to deceive the police and the local community… into believing that they had just left home."
Ms Bailey's body was found three months later alongside that of the dog, in the pit beneath the garage.
Mr Stewart failed to tell police about the cesspit's location and had attempted to hide it by parking Ms Bailey's Jeep over it, the court heard.
When officers found it, they saw a human arm protruding from the effluent material. The remains of the dog were then discovered.
The court was told the dog had to be killed to support Mr Stewart's claim Ms Bailey had left their home, as they were "devoted to Boris, and the notion that they would have left home without them was unthinkable".
Jurors are expected to visit the couple's home later this week.
As well as murder, Mr Stewart is also charged with fraud, preventing lawful burial and three counts of perverting the course of justice.
They have denied all six charges.
The trial, expected to last seven weeks, continues.
Colorectal cancer has been linked to carbohydrate-rich western diets, but the underlying mechanisms have been unclear. A study published by Cell Press July 17th in the journal Cell shows that gut microbes metabolize carbohydrates in the diet, causing intestinal cells to proliferate and form tumors in mice that are genetically predisposed to colorectal cancer. Treatment with antibiotics or a low-carbohydrate diet significantly reduced tumors in these mice, suggesting that these easy interventions could prevent a common type of colorectal cancer in humans.
"Because hereditary colorectal cancer is associated with aggressive and rapid tumor development, it is critical to understand how major environmental factors such as microbes and diet interact with genetic factors to potentially affect disease progression," says senior study author Alberto Martin of the University of Toronto. "Our study provides novel insights into this question by showing that gut bacteria interact with a carbohydrate-rich diet to stimulate a prevalent type of hereditary colon cancer."
Carbohydrates account for about half of the daily caloric intake of adults on a western-style diet, and previous studies have linked carbohydrate-rich diets to colorectal cancer in humans. This type of cancer is also frequently associated with mutations in a tumor suppressor gene called APC as well as the MSH2 gene, which plays a critical role in repairing DNA damage. However, it has been unclear why mutations affecting the DNA repair pathway are much more common in colorectal cancer compared with other cancers. Because gut microbes also contribute to the development of colorectal cancer, Martin and their team suspected that they could interact with diet to explain how the mutations could cause this type of cancer.
To explore this question in the new study, Martin and their collaborators used mice that had APC and MSH2 mutations and thus were predisposed to develop colorectal cancer. Treatment with either antibiotics or a low-carbohydrate diet reduced cell proliferation as well as the number of tumors in the small intestines and colons of these mice. These two treatments also reduced levels of certain gut microbes that metabolize carbohydrates to produce a fatty acid called butyrate. When the researchers increased butyrate levels in the antibiotic-treated mice, cell proliferation and the number of tumors increased in the small intestines.
Taken together, the findings suggest that carbohydrate-derived metabolites produced by gut microbes drive abnormal cell proliferation and tumor development in mice genetically predisposed to colorectal cancer. "By providing a direct link between genetics and gut microbes, our findings suggest that a diet reduced in carbohydrates as well as alterations in the intestinal microbial community could be beneficial to those individuals that are genetically predisposed to colorectal cancer," Martin says.
The Jets have had a brutal strength of schedule so far. Based on Pro-Football-Reference.com's SRS ratings, and adjusted for home field, the Jets have had the toughest schedule this year, with home game against the Bengals, and Seahawks, and road games against the Bills, Chiefs, Steelers, and Cardinals.
The good news? For the rest of the season, the Jets have the 21st toughest schedule in the league, and no team has an easier dropoff in schedule than New York. This was predictable — in fact, I wrote just that for 538 in the offseason.
On the flip side, we have the Seahawks. Here's how to read the table below, using Seattle. They are ranked 32nd, because no team's schedule gets more difficult. Seattle's through week 6 SOS — the TW6 SOS column — is -3.06, meaning its average opponent was about three points worse than average. That's been the 31st toughest (or 2nd easiest) slate in the league. Meanwhile, Seattle's rest of year SOS — marked as ROY SOS — is +2.13, the 3rd toughest left in football. That's a difference of -5.19 (i.e., negative is bad, because the schedule is now harder).
Rk Tm TW6 SOS TW6 SOS RK ROY SOS RK Diff 1 New York Jets 4.73 1 -0.45 21 5.18 2 San Francisco 49ers 3.22 4 -0.57 23 3.79 3 Tampa Bay Buccaneers 2.66 5 -0.98 27 3.64 4 Cincinnati Bengals 3.60 2 0.46 11 3.14 5 Cleveland Browns 3.57 3 0.96 9 2.61 6 Tennessee Titans -1.10 22 -3.17 32 2.07 7 Houston Texans -0.35 18 -2.13 31 1.78 8 Los Angeles Rams 1.52 7 -0.07 18 1.59 9 New York Giants 2.20 6 0.98 7 1.22 10 Kansas City Chiefs -0.52 19 -1.71 30 1.19 11 Buffalo Bills -0.27 15 -1.26 28 0.99 12 Oakland Raiders 0.22 13 -0.45 20 0.67 13 Atlanta Falcons -0.30 16 -0.84 24 0.54 14 New Orleans Saints -0.18 14 -0.49 22 0.31 15 Pittsburgh Steelers 0.32 11 0.19 17 0.13 16 Green Bay Packers 0.40 10 0.34 12 0.06 17 Carolina Panthers 0.27 12 0.27 14 0.00 18 Miami Dolphins 0.85 9 1.18 6 -0.33 19 Chicago Bears -0.35 17 0.24 15 -0.59 20 San Diego Chargers -2.20 27 -1.53 29 -0.67 21 Washington Redskins 1.37 8 2.16 2 -0.79 22 Denver Broncos -1.70 25 -0.88 26 -0.82 23 New England Patriots -0.77 20 0.19 16 -0.96 24 Detroit Lions -1.12 23 0.33 13 -1.45 25 Minnesota Vikings -2.20 28 -0.33 19 -1.87 26 Indianapolis Colts -3.23 32 -0.88 25 -2.35 27 Baltimore Ravens -1.02 21 1.66 5 -2.68 28 Arizona Cardinals -1.75 26 0.97 8 -2.72 29 Jacksonville Jaguars -2.36 29 0.53 10 -2.89 30 Philadelphia Eagles -1.20 24 2.19 1 -3.39 31 Dallas Cowboys -2.43 30 1.99 4 -4.42 32 Seattle Seahawks -3.06 31 2.13 3 -5.19
As always, please leave your thoughts in the comments. Note that Philadelphia and Washington have the two toughest rest of year schedules, but it's not much easier for the rest of the NFC East: the Cowboys have the 4th-toughest, and the Giants have the 7th-hardest.
JP Morgan, said that in “many” ways “the UK's fiscal position is currently worse than observed around the IMF loan in 1976”.
The bank warns that Government debts, when compared to the total size of the economy, are higher than during the 1970s crisis.
It adds that there could be a “marked fall” in the value of the pound as international investors re-assess the health of the British economy.
The intervention from JP Morgan is likely to add to the pressure on Gordon Brown and Alistair Darling to set out how they intend to cut Britain's deficit. JP Morgan is one of the biggest banks in the world with assets of more than $2 trillion – almost as big as the entire British economy. Tony Blair is a consultant to the firm.
In 1976, Britain was forced to turn to the International Monetary Fund (IMF) for a £2.3 billion bailout. In return for the funds, the IMF insisted on reforms to the British economy including public spending cuts. The period was regarded as one of the most humiliating in the history of the British economy.
In a research note entitled “UK Fiscal Policy: some lessons from the 1976 crisis”, JP Morgan said: “On many metrics, the UK's fiscal position is currently worse than observed around the IMF loan in 1976…The size of the current budget deficit suggests that the UK is leaning heavily on the credibility it has built up since the mid-1970s.”
The bank's “central forecast” is that Britain will “muddle through” the crisis. However, JP Morgan added: “The possibility that markets could take a more severe view of the fiscal position is clear, and the 1976 experience demonstrated that the situation can change quickly and unpredictably.
“Officials fretted over the possibility of a marked fall in the currency well before the crisis. Looking back at 1976, one can argue that as the crisis broke, the underlying situation had actually begun to improve (growth had begun to recover and current account deficits had begun to fall).”
There are growing fears about the high level of Government borrowing which is causing turmoil on financial markets in this country and throughout Europe. The value of the pound has recently fallen sharply against the dollar.
European leaders will meet later this week to discuss the financial crisis in Greece. Greek public debts are crippling the economy and have prompted concerns over the euro as wealthier European countries may be forced to bail out the beleaguered nation.
Britain has now been branded one of the “STUPID” countries – Spain, Turkey, United Kingdom, Portugal, Italy and Denmark – whose “excessive” Government borrowing is now threatening the economy. Total Government borrowing in this country is due to top £1 trillion in the next few years.
Mr Brown insists that increased borrowing has allowed the Government to invest during the recession and stop unemployment rising as fast as feared. Ministers have pledged to cut the deficit in half over the next four years but have yet to spell out exactly how this will be achieved.
Image caption The family had two cats: Milo and their sister Tilly
The owner of a cat which died after apparently being cut in half said they were "devastated" by their pet's death.
William McCubbin, of Rainworth in Nottinghamshire, was asked to identify the body of their cat Milo after the pet went missing in December.
Only the top part of Milo's body was found by a member of the public who took it to a local vet.
An RSPCA spokesperson said it was not yet clear if the cat was cut in two deliberately.
Mr McCubbin said their vet told them the injuries were not caused by another animal or a car accident.
'Shocking case'
The two-year-old tabby cat's body was found by a member of public behind a petrol station on Kirklington Road, Rainworth, on 21 December.
Mr McCubbin said: "We are absolutely devastated by what has happened, and we now just want to warn people about this, and of course hope that we can find whoever is responsible.
"We have been told by a vet that there is no way this could have been caused by a car accident, or another animal, but why anyone would do this deliberately we just don't know. We are all just so upset about this."
RSPCA inspector Keith Ellis said: "If someone has done this deliberately then this is a shocking case of animal cruelty and we will do all we can to try to bring the offender to justice."
Anyone found guilty of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal can face a maximum six-month prison sentence or a £20,000 fine.
Some gardeners might start feeling the urge to start winding down the garden and scaling back, but not Patti Nagai.
Nagai, a University of Wisconsin Extension horticulture educator for Racine County, said they like to keep their garden going with late summer plantings to take advantage of cooler air temperatures as fall approaches.
“There are still so many different vegetables that you can plant now and still be able to harvest in the fall,” they said.
That even goes for Wisconsinites gardening in the northern regions. Container gardening and raised beds are especially well-suited for the later crops, they said.
The key to successful, late-sown crops are to pay close attention to what the maturity dates are for the seeds to be sown. Seeds in the 40-to-45-day range are about as long as most gardeners should risk. Those dates can be found on the seed packet or label and in a catalog.
“Count carefully to make sure that you at least have a chance to get it harvested before the frost,” Nagai cautioned.
Another factor in successful fall harvests is to choose plants that are particularly cold-hardy, according to Nagai.
“The entire brassica family, which contains cabbage, kale, collards, radishes and turnips ... all of those are very frost tolerant,” they said. “Some of them are even frozen tolerant.”
Not only can some of those vegetables survive a frost, in some cases, their flavor is improved.
“A lot of the vegetables will taste better when they're harvested in the fall, after the temperatures have really dropped,” Nagai said.
In fact, gardeners are benefiting from the plants' natural protection mechanisms. They explained that to make themselves less likely to freeze, the plants produce more sugar. So, their flavors are sweeter and more concentrated.
Carrots harvested after a frost or two are much sweeter, Nagai said, “and Brussels sprouts are always better when they're harvested late, late in the season after the temperatures have dropped.”
Some vegetables that are often thought of as early spring crops are good to plant for fall as well. Nagai said that leaf lettuce is a good choice since it grows quickly.
“You can get a nice crop out of it,” they said.
Asian greens like bok choy are also a good choice, as are kale, turnips, and some of the shorter carrot varieties.
Short season bush beans are possible, but not a guaranteed producer for a fall harvest, Nagai warned. Even though the math of the maturity date might seem to work, they said that for crops that really thrive in warm weather, the temperatures might be too cool.
“It really depends on Mother Nature,” they said. “They really don't like cold temperatures.”
Wicker's Earmark Elicits Criticism
Watchdogs Decry $6 Million for Contractor
By Matthew Mosk
Washington Post Staff Writer
Wednesday, January 16, 2008
Sen. Roger Wicker, the Mississippi Republican member of congress appointed to replace Trent Lott in December, last year obtained a $6 million earmark for a defense contractor whose executives were among their top campaign contributors and were represented in the matter by Wicker's former congressional chief of staff, according to federal records.
Wicker's earmark for Manassas-based Aurora Flight Science fits a pattern that recently attracted bipartisan criticism and gave rise to the most far-reaching ethics overhaul legislation in a generation: The firm retained the services of the member of congress's top aide after they passed through the revolving door to become a lobbyist, and its employees helped underwrite Wicker's reelection.
Over the past three years, as Aurora sought defense contracts, the Republican member of the Appropriations defense subcommittee received escalating contributions from the company's executives. Aurora was Wicker's top source of campaign funds in 2006, campaign finance records show. In 2005, the company flew the member of congress on a private jet to the ribbon cutting of a manufacturing facility it opened in Wicker's Mississippi district.
And just days after Wicker's chief of staff, John Keast, left their employ in 2006, Aurora began listing the former staffer on public forms as one of its lobbyists in Washington. Wicker placed the earmark in a defense appropriations bill that became law in November 2007.
None of those contacts with the member of congress violated any laws. But they drew criticism from the Project on Government Oversight and Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington (CREW), nonprofit groups that have tried to change how Congress handles earmarking.
"It's so commonplace that people have become desensitized to the outrage, but the fact is earmarks for the well-connected leave that much less money available for the real needs of the American public," said Melanie Sloan, CREW's executive director. "Congressional leaders promised they were ushering in an era of cleaner government. I guess not."
Wicker did not dispute their role in the earmark or the company's contacts with him, but said in an interview that they see no problem with directing money to Aurora. They said contributions from its employees played no role in their decision to request the earmark in March 2007. The money was meant to speed development of a new, unmanned aircraft that would be able to fly for days at high altitudes -- a valuable military tool, Wicker said. And the company is developing the aircraft while creating jobs in their home state.
"The long and short of it is, Aurora is putting out a good product in return for these federal expenditures," Wicker said yesterday. "It clearly passes any cost-benefit test." Patti Woodside, a spokesperson for Aurora, said the earmark was going to develop "a vehicle with tons of potential. I don't think anyone would dispute that this is a worthwhile endeavor." The aircraft is in the research and development phase, Woodside said. The company is developing the aircraft for the Army's Space and Missile Defense Command.
They said Aurora located its facility in Mississippi because the company's chief executive had a close friend at the Mississippi State University, not because of Wicker's representation of the 1st Congressional District from 1994 until their appointment to the Senate. They also said that while the company's lobbying firm, Cornerstone Government Affairs, hired Keast after they left Wicker's employ, another lobbyist at the firm, Dan Fleming, took the lead in helping them obtain federal funding.
Messages left Monday and Tuesday for Keast and Fleming were not returned. A lobbying disclosure statement filed for the period from Jan. 1 to June 30, 2007, lists both as lobbyists for Aurora before the House on budget issues. Wicker served on the House Appropriations defense subcommittee before their appointment to the Senate. That appointment came shortly after Sen. Jim DeMint (R-S.C.)described earmarking as the key factor in scandals that helped drive Republicans from power in 2006.
John Pruett, a fellow at the Project on Government Oversight, said: "There are a thousand companies out there that make unmanned vehicles. Why did they choose Aurora? It points out that [it should not be] . . . left to the inclinations of a representative. There should be some standard."
John Cummings, a spokesperson for the Army command, said they did not know why Wicker submitted the earmark request. "It's a congressional add," they said. "It was not requested. It wasn't in the president's budget. Anything that comes in above that means it has not been requested by us."
Records show that Aurora chief executive John S. Langford made their first contribution to Wicker in March 2005. In April, Aurora flew Wicker, Keast and another staffer on a private jet to Starkville, Miss., to attend the opening of the company's new facility there. Under old congressional ethics rules, the private flight was valued at the cost of a commercial flight, or $3,083.
Wicker said the facility is in an area referred to as "the golden triangle," on the border between two congressional districts, where several military contractors have factories. The Aurora plant has created 45 jobs and promises to yield as many as 200, Wicker said.
"It was not a requested earmark from DOD," said Kyle Steward, Wicker's spokesperson. "But I will say we had discussions with DOD. They told us no one else is as close to developing this technology as Aurora, and DOD folks are very interested in it, and they see this technology as a need in the future."
On Feb. 5, 2006, after working jointly for Wicker and the Appropriations Committee, Keast left to join Cornerstone. They registered to represent Aurora on Feb. 14, 2006. Cornerstone reported earning $40,000 in lobbying fees from Aurora that year. The same year, Aurora employees donated more than $13,000 to Wicker -- their top campaign contributor that year, according to the Center for Responsive Politics.
Wicker submitted their earmark request on March 22, 2007, less than two months after the one-year cooling-off period in which Keast was barred from lobbying Wicker on Aurora's behalf. The company paid Keast's lobbying firm $60,000 in the first half of 2007.
Wicker said yesterday they had been "working with Aurora" long before Keast left their staff, and that they were certain that Keast "complied with all the waiting periods." Wicker said the company is one of several that have donated money to them and benefited from defense appropriations when they were on the subcommittee.
None of that should trouble people, they said. "Basically, I was just trying to create jobs for Mississippians and provide a strong national defense at the same time," Wicker said. "I'm a good vote for a strong national defense. When we can combine that with creating good jobs in Mississippi, in my mind, it's a two-fer."
Research director Lucy Shackelford contributed to this report.
© 2008 The Washington Post Company
Last week, when it was announced that Jennifer Egan's A Visit From the Goon Squad was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for fiction, I'm guessing I felt something like a football fan does when their team wins the Superbowl. I loved the book, pushing it hard on my bookish friends and even harder on the unbookish ones, certain that this was one of the most broadly appealing works of fiction to have come out in a long time. After the announcement, I wanted nothing more than to high-five all my Egan-loving friends posting the link on Facebook. It was heartening to see that the sentiment seemed widespread and magnanimous. Surely the celebration had to do with the brilliance of the book, but also the fact that a woman won in a year of several lively discussions regarding gender inequality in publishing (see the VIDA report on publication statistics and the backlash to Jonathan Franzen in general.)
Alas, the feeling of deserved recognition was short-lived. In a Wall Street Journal interview that Egan gave shortly after receiving the news, their advice to young writers ruffled some feathers:
My focus is less on the need for women to trumpet their own achievements than to shoot high and achieve a lot. What I want to see is young, ambitious writers. And there are tons of them. Look at The Tiger's Wife. There was that scandal with the Harvard student who was found to have plagiarized. But they had plagiarized very derivative, banal stuff. This is your big first move? These are your models?…My advice for young female writers would be to shoot high and not cower.
The Harvard student Egan is referring to is Kaavya Viswanathan, whose novel How Opal Mehta Got Kissed, Got Wild, and Got a Life was much lauded until it was discovered that large sections had been lifted from other books; among the plagiarized authors were Meg Cabot (The Princess Diaries), Sophie Kinsella (Confessions of a Shopaholic) and Megan McCafferty (the Jessica Darling series), all of whom are best-selling authors of the “chick-lit” genre.
Chief among the offended was the oft-outspoken author Jennifer Weiner (In Them Shoes), who was also a prominent voice of the asupervisorstioned Franzen backlash. A tweet from Weiner shortly after the WSJ piece ran: “And there goes my chance to be happy that a lady won the big prize. Thanks, Jenny Egan. You're a model of graciousness.” Following Weiner's lead, devout fans of chick-lit sounded off; over at The Frisky, in an essay titled “In Defense of Chick Lit,” Jamie Beckman, who opens their essay declaring that Egan was “one of their favorite authors of all time,” expresses doubt that she'll ever recommend Egan's work to a friend again.
It's not hard to see how Egan's statements offended—“very derivative and banal” isn't exactly timid diction, and it's a real downer to have someone you respect make you feel like you've got bad taste. But before anyone accuses anyone of “step[ping] on other women as [she] makes [her] way to the podium,” as Beckman puts it, we should consider a couple of things.
First: the offended parties lay claim to a genre ubiquitously referred to as “chick-lit”, a term used to describe fiction that relays, as Beckman puts it, “thoughtful, funny, relatable voices for the everywoman who's looking for their personal pieces of life's pie, including the career, the apartment, and the guy.” I don't aim to scrutinize the content of the genre so much as the fact that the chick lit demographic has fully embraced the term. Ladies, it's 2011. Who refers to women as “chicks” aside from Ed Hardy-wearing man-children? Uninspired as it may be, detractors calling the work “fluffy” can't really be blamed—it's built into the name, for god's sake. It's difficult to move forward in an argument about the sexist climate in publishing when a group that is supposedly trying to push for more equality has accepted and even defended a derogatory label. Granted, the term was probably coined by some marketing department somewhere, but authors of the genre stand by it unflinchingly (see Michele Gorman's article in The Guardian). It's no secret that the chick lit authors are outselling their literary fiction counterparts by far. What's alarming is that the tremendous success of the genre is largely because it's marketed to women who identify themselves “chicks.”
Perhaps the bigger issue at hand, though, is the severity of the backlash to Egan's comments and the reasoning behind it. Bloggers at the The Signature Thing declared it “majorly ugly girl-on-girl crime,” and numerous commenters declared a boycott of everything Egan from this point forward. Another blogger at NerdGirlTalking was utterly perplexed: “Jennifer Egan, have you even MET Meg?.. Because how could you meet Meg and then call their work banal or derivative? I don't care if you think those things, Meg is so nice that saying those things are almost like kicking a puppy.”
These former Egan fans are uniting under the notion that in addition to being a meanie, Egan is setting feminists back 50 years. How could she? In the male hegemony of publishing, us gals are supposed to stick together. Which is all well and good, in theory. But to suggest that a woman writer should not be critical of other women writers is counter to progress. It reminds me a little bit of the 2008 election. There was a certain kind of Hillary supporter that believed all women should be in support of our potential first woman president mostly on the basis that this could be our first woman president! Which is all well and good, in theory. But to express any sort of dissent guaranteed you a look of pity mingled with disgust: Poor thing. They must secretly hate them vagina.
This kind of mindless unity is counterintuitive. What kind of feminist movement condones a suppression of opinion on the basis that we should all be nice and stick together, because we're girls? What Egan said wasn't nice. It was honest. It reflected their opinion of a certain type of fiction. Publishing should strive to be a meritocracy (though whether it succeeds is a whole other issue,) and Egan's comments are an acknowledgment of that. On the other hand, in the chick lit realm, amid the outrage and demand for more respect, there is, in fact cowering: observe Weiner selling themselves short (and acknowledging a literary hierarchy) in an interview they gave to the Huffington Post: “Do I think I should be getting all of the attention that Jonathan “Genius” Franzen gets? Nope. Would I like to be taken at least as seriously as a Jonathan Tropper or a Nick Hornby? Absolutely.”
In 1971, Gore Vidal compared Norman Mailer's The Prisoner of Sex to “three days of menstrual flow.” Mailer then proceeded to head-butt Vidal before they appeared on the Dick Cavett Show, and six years later at a party, they threw their drink in Vidal's face and started a fistfight. While I'm not suggesting that this is admirable behavior (though it is pretty funny,) it does nothing for leveling the playing field if every time a woman author remarks on the quality of a work of fiction, hysteria ensues, she's thought of as a catty bitch, and there's a concerted effort to rally the troops against them
In a year when a male author (Franzen), appeared on the cover of Time for the first time since the last male author (Stephen King,) appeared on the cover ten years ago, the significant success of Goon Squad shouldn't be drowned out by bitterness because Egan encouraged young writers to aim higher than a genre whose very name degrades its creators. What we should be concerned about is that glaring inequities exist in publishing. So, ladies, one more time, in case you didn't hear Egan over Weiner's whining: shoot high and don't cower. We can't very well get much done with the kid gloves on.
Google today announced Google Translate has added support for 13 additional languages, bringing the total to 103. By the company's estimate, the service now covers 99 percent of the online population.
The 13 new languages include Amharic, Corsican, Frisian, Kyrgyz, Hawaiian, Kurdish (Kurmanji), Luxembourgish, Samoan, Scots Gaelic, Shona, Sindhi, Pashto, and Xhosa. Google says this helps bring “a combined 120 million new people to the billions who can already communicate with Translate all over the world.”
Google Translate first launched in April 2006, using rule-based machine translation between English and Arabic. Translation between English and Russian followed in December 2006, and the addition of new languages ramped up in 2007. Google Translate has thus passed the 100 languages mark in just under 10 years.
To celebrate, Google has updated its breakdown page that shows which features are supported by each language (the new languages added today are only available for typing). There are six ways Google Translate can support a language:
Type: Just use your keyboard.
Talk: Have a bilingual conversation.
Snap: Translate images of text in a different language.
See: Use your phone's camera to see instant translations.
Write: Draw letters or characters with your finger.
Offline: Get text translations without a data connection.
The basic criteria for Google Translate to add a new tongue is that it must be a written language. But the team also requires “a significant amount of translations in the new language to be available on the web” so that it can leverage machine learning, licensed content, and its Translate Community (over 3 million people have contributed approximately 200 million translated words) in order to offer decent results.
But even after adding a new language, Google Translate still improves translations over time by improving its algorithms and systems, as well as by learning from user translations with the Translate Community. With International Mother Language day coming up on February 21, Google is asking users for help: Just select the languages you speak, and choose to either translate phrases on your own or validate existing translations. After all, what's the point of supporting the 99 percent if you can't crowdsource?
TOMBALL, Texas - A Tomball Independent School District employee was arrested and charged on Oct. 14, 2016, with sexual assault of a child, according to police.
Police said Anthony Randle had an inappropriate relationship with a 15-year-old student with multiple exchanges of text messages since 2015.
Randle met with the student on several occasions for sexual relations, police said.
According to police, another student had notified the school resource officer of the relationship when they showed their classmate text messages and pictures of Randle on their phone.
After police investigated the young girl's phone, evidence showed the allegations against Randle wer true, police said.
The school district released the following statement on the incident:
"We received information from the Tomball Police Department that former Tomball ISD employee Anthony Randle was arrested by Montgomery County authorities and charged with sexual assault of a child. Randle worked for Tomball ISD for five years. This is a very serious charge, and it is extremely inappropriate and hurtful when a school community is harmed in this way. This type of behavior is not tolerated in Tomball ISD."
Randle is faced with a second-degree felony and being held on a $75,000 bail.
2016 Click2Houston/KPRC2
The African Union has 54 member states — all of them are located on the African continent. But as early as January, that could change.
Haiti might be en route to becoming the first country to join the African Union that isn't actually African. Or is it?
Mian Georges, of Benin, is among the thousands of United Nations personnel from Europe, the Americas, Asia and Africa, who've participated in missions in Haiti in recent decades. But Georges says for Africans, the connection to Haiti is unique.
“We are practically connected by umbilical cord to Haiti,” they said. “Our histories are common. Our cultures too. When I came to Haiti, it was basically the same food. I feel like I'm back home in Africa.”
And Georges' country, Benin, has a special link with Haiti. It was a Beninois, Toussaint Louverture, who led Haiti's successful rebellion against the French at the end of the 18th century. That established Haiti as a symbol of black independence.
So to many Africans and Haitians, the idea of Haiti becoming a member of the African Union seems natural.
Last July, at an African Union summit in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, Haiti's communication minister Ady Jean-Gardy moved to make it official.
“We're already in the Organization of American States,” they said. “We have a representative at the European Union, and we think we should be in the African Union.”
Jean-Gardy said an AU membership could lead to economic exchanges geared toward development, and inclusion in African trading blocs.
The AU postponed a decision on Haiti's inclusion in the union until January 2013. But Africa appears poised to let Haiti into the fold.
Babacar M'Bow, from Senegal, is a cultural consultant with a focus on Haiti. And he's been pushing for Haiti to be let into the AU.
“Our parents were advocates for Haiti,” they said, “so we inherited this charge.”
To many Africans, there is a sense of indebtedness to Haiti because Haiti has been an advocate for Africa. When Haiti was the only black member of the United Nations, it pushed for the liberation of Africa from colonial rule.
Haiti also enjoys a level of prestige in African countries that it doesn't have closer to home.
M'Bow says they grew up in Senegal surrounded by Haitian professors and artists. And the Democratic Republic of Congo has welcomed waves of Haitian professionals.
Jean-Junior Joseph served as communications chief for Haiti's prime minister a few years ago. Then they went to Congo to work in a similar position.
“The prime minister spoke to me on different occasions, and said, ‘what can we do for you?' They always think we belong to them. They think, ‘well they shipped you over there. Now come back to us,'” they said.
After the 2010 earthquake, the Democratic Republic of Congo, dependent on foreign aid itself, pledged to donate $2.5 million to Haiti. And Senegal's president flew 150 Haitian students to Dakar to attend college there, for free.
Small-scale exchanges have also been happening.
Earlier this year, Port-au-Prince resident Baudeler Magloire flew to Benin on a National Geographic travel grant to share their expertise in composting toilets with organizations there. And they were struck by how connected people there seemed to feel to their country.
“When I said I was Haitian, they said, ‘Yeah, Haitians are our brothers.' Most people know the history of Haiti, they learn it in school, and there are people who worked in Haiti,'” they said.
And while many here in Haiti believe their country is essentially African, their understanding of what Africa is is more complicated. To some, it is where they go after they die. Others think it is a single country. And it gets worse in some circles, according to M'Bow, who visits Haiti often.
“Most Haitians are ignorant of Africa,” they said. “If you want to insult somebody, you will call them an African, ‘Look at an African!' It is a derogatory term, and it highlights that ignorance. So there is work to be done.”
M'Bow says there's also work to be done if Haiti wants to joint the AU.
“If Haiti is a member of the African Union,” they said, “all bets are off. Haiti is subject to analysis and criticism as any other member State of the Union.”
In other words, the Haiti-Africa relationship would have to develop beyond symbolism and shared history.
DENVER -- A plane shrouded in mystery captured the attention of thousands on Wednesday. Nobody knew why a high-altitude plane circled the City of Denver for hours. Now the Navy has some answers.
Denver7 tracked IRON99 as it traveled from the West Coast to Oklahoma, where it eventually landed at Tinker Air Force Base, however it spent roughly an hour in Denver, circling in a racetrack-style holding pattern over the city.
A clear day allowed thousands to see the flight path and contrails created by the large swept wing, four-engine plane.
Denver7 branded it a mystery in a previous report because officials from the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), U.S. Northern Command (NORTHCOM), U.S. Strategic Command (STRATCOM), North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD) and a dozen Air Force Bases could not confirm what the flight may have been.
A day later -- after the plane landed -- Navy officials responded to comment on the flight, confirming it did hang over Denver for roughly an hour in a holding pattern.
Lt. Leslie Hubbell, who is the assistant public affairs officer for Commander Naval Air Forces, confirmed IRON99's identity is a Navy E-6B Mercury, created by Boeing at a cost of $141.7 million per unit.
The unit's overall mission is classified, Hubbell said, but did confirm the mission of the plane's class.
"The overall mission of the E-6B is command, control and communications abilities to direct and employ strategic resources," Hubbell said.
In laypeople's terms, the planes are able to launch nuclear missiles and communicate with diverse assets, including nuclear submarines.
According to the Navy's website, the E-6B is a high-tech and large plane, each of which is equipped with an airborne launch control system that can reliably launch intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs).
As to what the incredible weapon was doing above the Denver skyline -- Hubbell said it was halted by the FAA when traveling from its forwarding base in California back to Tinker Air Force Base, where the planes are serviced and housed.
The plane's forwarding location is Travis Air Force Base in Northern California, which declined to admit the plane departed from the base earlier Wednesday morning when asked by Denver7.
Travis Air Force Base officials weren't alone, the FAA said it had no contact with the plane Wednesday despite Hubbell's statement that the FAA told the plane to hold over Denver.
Although the Navy said the plane simply was flying from its forwarding base back to home base, a high-ranking federal official who wasn't authorized to speak on the matter said the plane was involved in a classified training mission organized by the Department of Defense.
The training mission reportedly centered around electronic surveillance and involved several agencies which aren't likely to comment on the mission, the source said.
The source said the mission wasn't out of the ordinary despite its size, noting the public isn't usually aware of such training missions.
It's not known if the mission had anything to do with a Denver-area mission to evaluate drone detection near the Denver International Airport. The FAA announced it would conduct work with the help of the Department of Defense, the Department of Homeland Security and more to help learn what technologies can aid in safely detecting drone activity near airports.
Members of the public got a rare glimpse of a powerful military tool, potentially on a training mission thanks to the clear skies over Denver, but it is no longer a mystery.
-- More on the E-6B --
The Boeing model is part of the Navy's TACAMO mission, which stands for Take Charge And Move Out. The Navy basically uses the plane as a mobile command center that will be functional and reliable in times of crisis.
Sixteen units were created for the Navy, and they operate out of Oklahoma, frequently using the flight call letters of IRON99.
The planes from the ground up look a lot like Boeing 707 units because the plane is modeled off the old Boeing product. Painted bright white to look nondescript, the planes have more than six hours of loiter time in the air and have a range of just over 7,500 miles.
The planes can fly above 40,000 feet, however the E-6B flew at roughly 35,000 feet on Wednesday. This class of plane has been fully in service since 2003.
--------- Sign up for Denver7 email alerts to stay informed about breaking news and daily headlines.
Or, keep up-to-date on the latest news and weather with the Denver7 apps for iPhone/iPads , Android and Kindle .
Remember in 2014, when Hawaii gave the homeless one-way tickets out of Hawaii? Why do we have to take refugees from terror nations who haven't gone through “extreme vetting”?
They wanted to keep them away from tourists but somehow tourists won't be aghast at thousands of poorly screened and potential jihadists from Iran, Somalia, Sudan, Libya, Yemen, and Syria.
One of the reasons a Hawaiian judge gave for putting a halt to Trump's travel ban from these extremely dangerous terror nations is it would hurt tourism!
Just two-and-a-half years ago. Hawaii launched a $1.3 million initiative to fight homelessness by flying them out of Waikiki to the lower 48.
They even allocated funds for a public relations campaign discouraging homeless people living on the mainland from moving to the state.
Why don't we follow their lead and send the tens of thousands of refugees coming from terror-plagued countries this year and resettle them in Hawaii. It wouldn't take any funds whatsoever and it will be good for Hawaii's tourism.
Hawaiians might have to give up those luaus with pigs on a spit and bikinis on the beach though.
Of the total 123 refugees they “welcomed” to Hawaii, the largest number (66) were Vietnamese who came in the early years (FY03,04,05). Another 40 were Burmese (most Burmese are Christians). Only 5 from any Middle East country came. In 2004, 1 Iranian was resettled there and in 2013 they got a grand total of 4 Iraqis. None of the thousands of Syrians admitted to the US in the last 2 years were seeded in Hawaii!
The lawsuit in Hawaii stated: “It is damaging Hawaii's institutions, harming its economy and eroding Hawaii's sovereign interest in maintaining the separation between church and state as well as in welcoming persons from all nations around the world into the fabric of its society.”
The real power behind the suit—Muslim Association of Hawaii!
Via Seattlepi...
The state's suit has a co-plaintiff, Ismail Elshikh, the imam of the Muslim Association of Hawaii, saying the Trump order “inflicts a grave injury on Muslims in Hawaii, including Dr. Elshikh, their family and members of their mosque.”
It's hard to understand why they had a change of heart but one thing for certain, the Russians did it!
Image copyright EPA Image caption The army has blamed the attack on PKK militants
Eight Turkish soldiers have been killed in a bomb attack in the south-eastern province of Siirt, the army says.
The bomb exploded on a highway as a military vehicle was passing. Seven more soldiers were wounded.
No-one has admitted the attack, but the army blamed it on Kurdish PKK militants. A further four troops died in gun battles with the PKK in Diyarbakir province.
The attacks come amid a wave of violence after a two-year truce failed.
Separately, two people have been arrested after gunfire was heard outside Istanbul's iconic Dolmabahce Palace, which houses offices of the prime minister.
Police seized two hand-grenades, an automatic rifle, a hand gun and ammunition.
One police officer was slightly injured in the attack and a third suspect is being sought, the Turkish Anadolu news agency reported.
A statement from the Istanbul governor's office said the attackers were from a "terrorist group" and that they had previously carried out an attack on the Istanbul HQ of the ruling AK party on 8 August.
Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu was in Ankara at the time of the attack.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Turkish police sealed off an area near the entrance to Dolmabahce Palace in Istanbul, as Selin Girit reports
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The Dolmabahce Palace is a major tourist attraction
The palace, in the Besiktas district on the European side of Istanbul, was the main administrative centre of the Ottoman Empire for many years in the 19th and early 20th centuries.
The founder of modern Turkey, Mustapha Kemal Ataturk, died there in 1938, and the palace is now a major tourist attraction.
A man suspected of belonging to the banned leftist group DHKP-C was arrested in January after attacking guards outside the palace.
The group said it was behind a gun attack on the US consulate in Istanbul by two female assailants earlier this month.
Turkey has been on high alert since launching a two-pronged air campaign against the Islamic State group in Syria and PKK bases in northern Iraq last month.
A French appeals court on Wednesday approved the extradition of two Rwandans wanted by Kigali for their alleged role in the 1994 genocide that claimed some 800,000 lives.
The ruling on Claude Muhayimana, 52, a French citizen since 2010, and Innocent Musabyimana, 41, is not final and can still be challenged.
Although many countries such as Canada have extradited genocide suspects, France has so far refused to do so.
The case will now go up to a higher court for a final ruling. If approved, France will have to sign an extradition treaty with Rwanda for the two men to be sent back.
Muhayimana is accused of taking part in the massacre of ethnic Tutsis in the western town of Kibuye and Musabyimana in the north-western Gisenyi province near the Congolese border.
Both men have already appeared in front of appeals courts in Dijon and Rouen which ordered their extradition. The rulings were quashed by the Court of Cassation — France's highest appeals court which rules only on points of law — which sent them on to the Paris appeals court.
French prosecutors said that while the two men could not be extradited on a number of the crimes attributed to them, they could be for those of genocide and crimes against humanity.
(Reuters) - The U.S. government sued a small Minneapolis suburb on Wednesday, accusing it of religious discrimination after local leaders denied a Muslim group the right to open a center in the municipality.
The Justice Department filed a complaint in U.S. District Court in Minneapolis against St. Anthony Village, where council members voted 4-1 in 2012 to deny a request by the Abu Huraira Islamic Center to create a place of worship in the basement of the St. Anthony Business Center.
“Religious freedom is one of our most cherished rights, and there are few aspects of that right more central than the ability of communities to establish places for collective worship,” Molly Moran, acting assistant attorney general for the Civil Rights Division, said in a statement.
The complaint argues the municipality treated the group's application for a conditional use permit on less than equal terms than other, non-religious, conditional use permits for assembly.
The denial of the permit unlawfully prohibited religious use because the zoning code for where the building is located allowed “assemblies, meeting lodges and convention halls,” the Justice Department said.
St. Anthony Village, northeast of Minneapolis, said in a statement the decision to deny the permit was not based on religion, but rather on its limited supply of industrial space where jobs can be created.
Today, August 9th 2014 at 11:08 am, the Milford Fire Department received a 911 call for a vehicle that had gone over the seawall in the Morningside section of the city, the Fire Department said in a prepared statement.
First arriving crews found a vehicle at the bottom the seawall which was about a 30 foot drop and it was on its roof with one person still inside.
Once reaching the vehicle, Fire Department personnel checked the driver for injuries and then began a complicated removal due to their upside down position and seat belted in the seat.
The driver was safely removed and reevaluated for any injuries, who was conscious and alert. They were then carried up to the awaiting ambulance and transported to Yale – New Haven Hospital for further medical evaluation. All Fire Department personnel were cleared from the scene at 12:55pm.
Keanu Reeves is an actor whose movies were really big like 20 or so years ago. They have a pretty cool name and seems like a cool dude, so most people like him.
Former Florida Gators safety Keanu Neal is named after Reeves, thanks to an elder Neal:
The family needed a "K" name. Neal's brother had a huge say in what they should be named. "My brother is a huge fan of Keanu Reeves, so they were like, ‘Keanu.' (My mother) loved it and it stuck," Neal said.
That brother, Clinton Hart, was an NFL safety for most of a decade.
"I'm not," Neal laughed when asked if they were a big Keanu Reeves fan. "A lot of people call me ‘The Matrix,' but I never knew why, and when I watched the movie, I didn't really like it."
Yeah, it's pretty old.
The name Keanu is of Hawaiian origin, so Neal has to have some sort of island blood in him, right? "I'm not Hawaiian, though," they laughed.
Hey, me neither. Still a good name.
When Neal was selected in the 2016 NFL Draft by the Atlanta Falcons, they became pro sports' first Keanu.
A search at Pro Football Reference turns up no other Keanus. The same goes for Basketball Reference and Hockey Reference. Baseball Reference has a couple Keanus, but it doesn't appear either ever accumulated many numbers in the majors. The first Google result for "Keanu soccer" is this dog, who is not a professional and doesn't count.
Keanu Asing is a pro surfer, Keanu Marsh-Brown plays in English soccer's fifth tier, and that seems to be it for athletes.
There just are not very many other famous people with this name.
Or people in general. The only other one to make Wikipedia's hall of Keanus is the cat in the new Key & Peele movie.
"The year when the name Keanu was most popular is 2001. In that year, the number of births is 269, which represents 0.013 percent of total male births," reports the Social Security Administration.
Since Neal is older than 15 years of age, that means more Keanus are likely on the way.  They are near the forefront of the Keanu wave, sedate and subtle as it is, like the original Keanu himself. BYU, East Tennessee State, New Mexico State and Tulsa have signed Keanus since Neal joined the Gators, with another couple listed for the future by recruiting services.
So many Keanus.
No, nowhere near that many.
Falcons GM Thomas Dimitroff said they targeted ``Keanu Reeves'' from the beginning. Then they corrected themselves and said ``Neal.'' — vaughn mcclure (@vxmcclure23) April 29, 2016
Still, you'd think their name would be really easy for most people to pronounce at this point. But ...
The Tokina AT-X PRO FX SD 16–28 mm f/2.8 (IF) was presented in 2010 and, being an interesting alternative for brand name 16-35 mm devices, was definitely worth testing. Unfortunately its launch happened at the same time as the change of the Polish Tokina distributor. As a result that lens was very hard to find in our country, available in some shops but only on request.
Finally the new distributor was established but still the Tokina AT-X PRO FX SD 16–28 mm f/2.8 (IF) wasn't lucky when it came to testing in our studio: while I had time to do it, it was unavailable and when it could be lent I was very busy testing newer lenses. Sad but true: once you get out of the queue, it's very difficult to return there.
Not so long ago Tokina launched two other lenses, the 24–70 mm and the 14–20 mm; while I was ordering them for our tests I decided to ask for the AT-X PRO FX SD 16–28 mm f/2.8 (IF) as well, to catch up as our Readers had reminded us many times to do.
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - advertisement - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
We would like to thank the Next77 company, the sole distributor of Tokina lenses in Poland, for lending us one specimen of the AT-X PRO FX SD 16–28 mm f/2.8 (IF) for testing purposes.
You are also invited to get acquainted with our test procedure, described in the article "How do we test lenses?" If you feel it's still not enough, please go to our FAQ section where you can find some further explanation.
Excessive bail shall not be required, nor excessive fines imposed, nor cruel and unusual punishments inflicted.
The Eighth Amendment to the US Constitution
Thomas Rice US Federal JudgeThomas Rice
On 10/31/2014 Washington Eastern District Judge Thomas Rice decided not to sanction copyright trolls Maureen VanderMay, David Lowe and Carl Crowell in Elf-Man v. Lamberson (WAED 13-cv-00395), yet they granted the defendant's attorney fees (the amount is yet to be determined). On the same day Judge Rice ruled on the motions for default judgments in two APMC-driven cases: Elf-Man, LLC v. Does 1-29 (WAED 13-cv-00115 — the case Lamberson was spawned from) and a very similar copyright shakedown case The Thompson Film, LLV v. Does 1-35 (WAED 13-cv-00126):
In these two cases the plaintiff requested $30,000 from each of the 11 defendants who failed to answer to the complaints. This would result in $330,000 — a 14x return on the $23,700 investment ($700 in filing fees plus $23,012.57 attorney fees as costs, as determined by the judge).
This request was not granted: while the judge couldn't simply deny default judgments as the defendants were properly served, they awarded just the allowed minimum to the trolls: $750 per defendant (plus $2,250 in attorney fees).
Similar to the Lamberson ruling, these two orders are both bad news and good news. I'm utterly disappointed by the judge's unwillingness to address the stink of abuse these lawsuits exude: in the first order (embedded below) trolls' dances around the truth were taken for granted, and Lamberson's attorney's well-pled accusations were brushed off. Even the fact that Ms. VanderMay defrauded the court by filing a forged declaration of Darren Griffin was not mentioned at all.
At the same time, these orders addressed the issue I've been bringing up for three years — that insanely high statutory damages run afoul of the Eighth Amendment to the US Constitution. I'm sure I was not first to point to the obvious: for example, Stephan Kinsella argued against excessive fines in copyright. Yet to the best of my knowledge, this is the first time a federal judge brings this topic in a mass Bittorent case¹.
This Court finds an award of $30,000 for each defendant would be an excessive punishment considering the seriousness of each Defendant's conduct and the sum of money at issue. Although Plaintiff contends the minimal revenue lost from each Defendant's single transaction does not account for the extent of damages, this Court is unpersuaded that the remote damages — “downstream revenue” and destroyed plans for a sequel due, in part, to piracy — justify an award of $30,000 per defendant, even in light of the statute's goal of deterrence. Instead, this Court finds Plaintiff has not made a showing justifying damages in excess of the statutory minimum. Accordingly, the Court, within its “wide latitude” of discretion, grants Plaintiff the minimum statutory award of $750 against D. & B. Barnett, jointly and severally and $750 against each remaining defaulted Defendant in the case.
In the footnote, Judge Rice further explains:
In Austin v. United States, the Supreme Court held that the Excessive Fines Clause of the Eighth Amendment applies in civil, not just criminal, proceedings. Austin v. United States, 509 U.S. 602 (1993). As the Court explained, the purpose of the Eighth Amendment is to limit the government's power to punish, and “civil sanctions that cannot fairly be said solely to serve a remedial purpose, but rather can only be explained as also serving either retributive or deterrent purposes, is punishment, as we have come to understand the term.” Id. at 607-09 (applying the amendment to civil forfeiture proceedings). Undoubtedly, the statutory damages imposed for violation of copyright infringement are intended to serve a deterrent purpose, see e.g., Nintendo of Am., Inc. v. Dragon Pac. Intern, 40 F.3d 1007, 1011 (9th Cir. 1994) (recognizing the punitive and deterrent effect of the Copyright Act's statutory damages), and thus can properly be characterized as punishment.²
Proportionality of punishment is the cornerstone of any civilized society. I can't imagine anyone to disagree with this statement. I want to look into the eyes of an individual that claims that sharing a $20 movie warrants a fine that may result in abandoning college education or losing a house.
And yet the travesty continues.
I'm saddened and tired of observing a huge moral blind spot this country developed regarding the insanity (and unconstitutionality!) of civil fines in copyright cases. The astronomical numbers currently serve the sole purpose of threatening alleged infringers in order to wrestle them into paying a ransom. The law, created in pre-digital age to combat large-scale commercial infringement, was perverted by greedy crooks with opaque eyes. Unless the statutory damages are not abolished or at very least drastically reduced for non-commercial infringement, the international troll Mafia will continue destroying people's lives.
Coverage
Followups
¹ In Sony v. Tenenbaum, Judge Nancy Gertner in 2010 cut a jury's damage award against the defendant from $675,000 to $67,500, saying it was “unconstitutionally excessive” and “wholly out-of-proportion,” but this decision was later reversed by the First Circuit, and the Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal.
² Furthermore, the judge compares Kafkaesque civil fines with the criminal copyright infringement liability, and this comparison (again, to the best of my knowledge) is unprecedented in a Bittorent case ruling:
KOMO-TV –
COOS BAY, Ore. – A police survey says panhandlers outside Wal-Mart in Coos Bay can make $300 a day. Inside, it takes a clerk a week to make that much. Police say people who have a problem with that needn't look to the law – asking for money is considered protected free speech. Coos Bay authorities say most panhandlers are not criminals. Coos Bay Police Captain Rodger Craddock says most have lived in the city a long time and they actually have homes. Craddock says, “This is just their chosen profession.” They say most are docile, and that people should report those who are not. Bob More, director of housing and emergency services at South Coast Community Action, says many panhandlers are there for the money – to feed their addictions. They suggested a voucher system involving tickets people could give that are good for a meal or bed in a shelter.
Both the Republican and Democratic parties, as the past few weeks have made clear, have issues with sexual harassment.
But there are significant differences in how Americans in each party are reacting to the controversies embroiling their own lawmakers, as a newly released HuffPost/YouGov survey finds.
Members of both parties, none too surprisingly, think the opposing party is plagued with serious and badly handled issues regarding sexual harassment. Three-quarters of Democrats and Democratic leaners say that sexual harassment is a somewhat or very serious problem in the GOP, while a near-identical 76 percent of Republicans and Republican leaners say it's a somewhat or very serious problem among Democrats. (Partisans and independents who lean toward those parties hold opinions that are, in many cases, strikingly similar. In the interest of brevity, the groups will be referred to as just Democrats and Republicans through the rest of this article.)
Majorities on both sides also say their own party has done at least somewhat well in responding to allegations made against politicians within the party, although just 19 percent of Democrats and 22 percent of Republicans credit their party with doing very well.
But Democrats are far more likely than Republicans to admit there's an issue close to home. Sixty percent of Democrats say their party has at least a somewhat serious problem with sexual harassment, while just 18 percent say that it does not. By contrast, Republicans are close to evenly split, with 40 percent saying sexual harassment presents a somewhat or very serious issue for the GOP, and 43 percent say that it's not very or not at all serious.
Democrats say, 37 percent to 29 percent, that Franken should resign, with the rest uncertain. Republicans are divided on Moore, with 37 percent saying they should drop out and 40 percent that they should remain in the race. (Polling on both Moore and Franken has varied across outlets.)
HuffPost
The results are the latest in a series of polls to find Republicans or Trump supporters especially prone to concern about sexual harassment taking place among the ranks of their political opponents. Trump voters are far likelier, for instance, to think workplace harassment is a very serious problem in Hollywood than to consider it an equal problem elsewhere in the nation. They're also, according to one survey experiment, likelier to consider underreporting of sexual harassment a problem if they're first asked about Democratic or liberal-leaning figures.
Just 3 percent of Democrats say the party has responded too strongly to accusations against Democratic politicians, with 27 percent saying it has not responded strongly enough and the rest uncertain or saying that the response has been about right. Among Republicans, 17 percent say that the GOP's response to sexual harassment accusations in the party has been too strong, and 22 percent say that it hasn't been strong enough.
Opinions about sexual harassment have become rapidly polarized in recent years, with concern spiking among Democrats and independents while remaining flat among Republicans. That's led to a re-evaluation on the left of politicians including Bill Clinton, whom most Hillary Clinton voters now think faced credible allegations of sexual harassment and assault. But few Americans perceive much of a sea change. Just 28 percent of Democrats, and a quarter of Republicans, believe their own party has gotten better at dealing with issues related to sexual harassment over the past two decades.
Partisanship is the overriding factor driving responses to the poll. But within both parties, there are significant divisions by gender. Male Democrats are 12 points likelier than female Democrats to think the party handles harassment accusations well, and 13 points likelier to believe it has recently improved in how it deals with those issues. Male Republicans are 21 points likelier than female Republicans to dismiss sexual harassment as a non-serious issue within the party, although they're also 17 points likelier to say that the GOP has not handled accusations well.
Female Democrats say by an 18-point margin that Franken should resign, while male Democrats say by a 4-point margin that they should stay in office. Female Republicans say by a 14-point margin that Moore should drop out, while male Republicans say by a 17-point margin that they should remain in the race.
Use the widget below to further explore the results of the HuffPost/YouGov survey using the menu at the top to select survey questions and the buttons at the bottom to filter the data by subgroups:
The HuffPost/YouGov poll consisted of 1,000 completed interviews conducted Nov. 16-17 among U.S. adults using a sample selected from YouGov's opt-in online panel to match the demographics and other characteristics of the adult U.S. population.
HuffPost has teamed up with YouGov to conduct daily opinion polls. You can learn more about this project and take part in YouGov's nationally representative opinion polling. More details on the polls' methodology are available here.
Arguments against speciesism
The question of whether or not we should favor the interests of humans over those of nonhuman animals is at the core of animal ethics. The view that we should favor human interests has been criticized as speciesist. You can find more information about this in our section on speciesism.
The claim that we should favor humans over other animals, and thus treat nonhumans disadvantageously, has been defended in several different ways:
By simply stating that we should act that way without presenting any argument to back up that view. 1
By claiming that humans are in a superior position for reasons that cannot be corroborated in any way. 2
By claiming that humans have certain special capacities that we can verify nonhumans don't have. 3
By claiming that humans have certain special relations with each other that we can verify we don't have with nonhumans.4
These following are responses to these claims:
If we accept an impartial viewpoint, we'll have to reject the disadvantageous consideration of nonhumans.
A difference in treatment for arbitrary reasons cannot be accepted.
The reasons defended to not fully consider nonhuman animals also apply in the case of some human beings.
The reasons defended to not fully consider nonhuman animals aren't morally relevant.
The structure of these arguments is explained in detail in these posts:
Notes 1 Gaita, R. (2003) The philosopher's dog: Friendships with animals, London: Routledge. Posner, R. (2004) “Animal rights: Legal, philosophical and pragmatical perspectives”, in Sunstein, C. & Nussbaum, M. (eds.) Animal rights: Current debates and new directions, Oxford: Oxford University Press, pp. 51-77.
2 Harrison, P. (1989) “Theodicy and animal pain”, Philosophy, 64, pp. 79-92. Reichmann, J. B. (2000) Evolution, animal ‘rights' and the environment, Washington: The Catholic University of America Press.
3 Carruthers, P. (1992) The animal issue: Moral theory in practice, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. Ferry, L. (1995 [1992]) The new ecological order, Chicago: Chicago University Press. Frey, R. G. (1980) Interests and rights: The case against animals, Oxford: Oxford University Press. Leahy, M. P. T. (1991) Against liberation: Putting animals in perspective, London: Routledge.
4 Goldman, M. (2001) “A trascendental defense of speciesism”, Journal of Value Inquiry, 33, pp. 59-69. Midgley, M. (1983) Animals and why they matter, Athens: University Georgia Press. Næss, A. (1989) Ecology, community and lifestyle, Cambridge: Cambridge University Press. Petrinovich, L. (1999) Darwinian dominion: Animal welfare and human interests, Massachusetts: MIT Press.
There's only one appropriate response to news of this magnitude: do the Batusi.
Adam West and Burt Ward, television's original Caped Crusader and Boy Wonder, are heading back to Gotham City.
Batman: Return of the Caped Crusaders reunites West and Ward as Batman and Robin in a feature-length animated film set in the universe of the '60s TV series. The dynamic duo is also joined by the voice of Julie Newmar, who played TV's Catwoman.
This first trailer doesn't show off any of the movie, but it does feature West and Ward escaping from one of the TV series' trademark death traps as they hype the Blu-ray. It's cute. And super enjoyable if you have any memory of the original TV series.
We don't know much yet about the story, but it features a familiar cast of villains: Joker, Penguin, Riddler and Catwoman. It also heads to space at one point. Groovy.
Batman: Return of the Caped Crusaders is a direct-to-video release that will be available via VOD on Oct. 11 and on Blu-ray starting Nov. 1.
[h/t Entertainment Weekly]
The first Magdalen laundry opened on Dublin's Leeson Street in 1767. After the Famine, four female Catholic religious congregations came to dominate the running of the laundries.
These were the Sisters of Mercy (SM), Sisters of Charity (SC), Sisters of our Lady of Charity of Refuge (SCR), and the Good Shepherd Sisters (GSS).
The latter congregation operated a Magdalen laundry in Belfast until 1977.
Altogether there were 10 Catholic Magdalen laundries in the Republic following independence. These were at Waterford (GSS), New Ross (SC), two in Cork (GSS and SC), Limerick (GSS), Galway (SM), and four in Dublin at Dún Laoghaire (SM), Donnybrook (SC), Drumcondra (SCR) and Gloucester/Seán MacDermott Street (SCR).
The last one in Ireland ceased operation at Gloucester/Seán MacDermott Street 13 years ago, in October 1996.
There was one Protestant-run “Magdalen Asylum” at Leeson Street in Dublin, which ceased to function as such in 1918/19 (though continuing as a baby home) and one in Belfast which operated until the 1960s.
Although there is dispute as to whether the (privately) Protestant-run Bethany House in Dublin's Rathgar was a “Magdalen Asylum”, there are records of women being referred there by the courts.
It is not known how many women passed through these laundries, but as many as 10,000 passed through them in the 19th century, some of whom may have re-entered the laundries on a number of occasions.
Figures for the 20th century are unknown.
The religious congregations have not released any records for women entering the laundries after 1900.
However, hundreds of Magdalen women were interred in mass-burial plots at Glasnevin (115), St Laurences in Limerick (265), Bohermore in Galway (118), with a further 72 “consecrated Magdalen's” buried at Forster Street there.
Many more are believed buried at the convent sites of other former laundries.
Kevin Sinfield helped Leeds beat Wigan in the 2015 Super League Grand Final to seal a domestic treble in their final game for the club
Former Leeds Rhinos and England captain Kevin Sinfield has been appointed rugby director at the Rugby Football League.
Sinfield played more than 500 games for Leeds between 1997 and 2015, and spent a year with rugby union side Yorkshire Carnegie before retiring in May.
The 35-year-old's new role includes helping create the England team's four-year plan for the 2021 World Cup.
They will also work with the RFL's commercial team to help players find new careers after their retirement.
"The 20 years Kevin has spent as a player at the very highest level of the game will provide us with incredible insight," RFL chief executive Nigel Wood said.
"He is determined to make as much of a difference off the pitch to the sport as they did on it."
Subscribe to the BBC Sport newsletter to get our pick of news, features and video sent to your inbox.
Apple's Siri smart home platform may have gotten off to a slow start, but HomeKit is making up some ground at this year's CES. From connected lighting to flood sensors, all sorts of HomeKit-friendly products are on the horizon. Scroll down to check out the list, updated daily during CES:
Enlarge Image Tyler Lizenby/CNET
Honeywell Lyric Home Security and Control System
Honeywell's integration with Apple HomeKit should now make it possible for you to say, "Siri, arm my Lyric Home Security and Control System."
Read more about Honeywell's Lyric Home Security and Control System.
D-Link Omna 180 Cam HD
D-Link's Omna 180 Cam HD will work with Apple HomeKit and Siri, which means you should be able to ask, "Siri, show me my live video feed."
Read more about the D-Link Omna 180 Cam HD.
Enlarge Image Tyler Lizenby/CNET
iDevices Instant Switch
Not only is the iDevices Instant Switch a unique no-install design, it should let you control your lights from anywhere with Siri or Alexa.
Read more about the iDevices Instant Switch.
Enlarge Image Sarah Tew/CNET
Yale Real Living Assure Locks and Yale NexTouch Wireless Locks
Starting in March, Yale's Real Living Assure Locks and Yale NexTouch Wireless Locks will be available with this blue HomeKit module. Customers will also be able to buy the module separately and add it to their existing Yale locks.
Read more about Yale's Real Living Assure Locks and Yale NexTouch Wireless Locks.
Enlarge Image Josh Miller/CNET
Netatmo Smart Smoke Detector
The Nest Protect Smoke and Carbon Monoxide detector might have some competition with Netatmo's Smart Smoke Alarm. Not only is it app-enabled, but this safety device will also work with Apple HomeKit.
Read more about Netatmo's Smart Smoke Alarm.
Enlarge Image Dave Priest/CNET
Chamberlain Smart Garage Hub
In addition to working with Amazon Alexa, Chamberlain's Smart Garage Hub will soon work with Siri via Apple's HomeKit platform.
Read more about Chamberlain's Smart Garage Hub.
Enlarge Image CNET
Sensory VoiceGenie
In addition to Sensory's VoiceGenie hardware, the company plans to introduce software that should work with Google Assistant, Siri, Cortana, and Alexa with a simple wake word.
Read more about Sensory's VoiceGenie.
Enlarge Image Leviton
Leviton Decora Light Switches
Leviton's Decora Light Switches are supposed to hit stores this April and integration with Apple HomeKit and Siri is promised at retail launch.
Read more about Leviton's Decora Light Switches.
Enlarge Image Incipio
Incipio CommandKit Wireless Smart Wall Switch with Dimming
Leviton isn't the only company adding Siri smarts to its next-gen products. Incipio's CommandKit Wireless Smart Wall Switch with Dimming should work with HomeKit when it hits stores in the first half of 2017.
Read more about the Incipio CommandKit Wireless Smart Wall Switch with Dimming.
Enlarge Image Sylvania
Sylvania Multicolor Smart Bulb
Sylvania's Multicolor Smart Bulb is a HomeKit-enabled LED. Unlike Zigbee-enabled bulbs like Philips Hue and Nanoleaf, Sylvania's version works directly over Wi-Fi. That means you won't have the hassle of a pesky hub to get it up and running.
Sylvania's Multicolor Smart Bulb is expected to hit stores in early 2017, and customers should be able to access it from Apple's Home app for iOS 10 or with Siri voice commands.
Read more about Sylvania's Multicolor Smart Bulb.
Enlarge Image Tyler Lizenby/CNET
Lifx Plus
Sylvania won't be the only hubless HomeKit-enabled LED for long, though. Lifx is adding HomeKit smarts to work with its third-gen Wi-Fi bulbs in February, including the Lifx Plus.
Read more about Lifx's Amazon Alexa integration.
Enlarge Image Sarah Tew/CNET
Withings Home Plus
Withings' Home Plus may look similar. That's because we reviewed the first-gen version back in 2015. Model 2.0 looks the same, but the Home Plus promises to add HomeKit integration into the mix, including access via the Apple Home app and Siri commands to adjust the built-in ambient LEDs in the bottom of the camera.
Read more about the Withings Home Plus.
Enlarge Image Carrier
Carrier Cor 5C and 7C Thermostats
Carrier's Cor 5C and 7C Thermostats may be new to the HVAC company's product lineup, but they should work with both Apple HomeKit and Amazon Alexa at launch.
Read more about Carrier's Cor 5C and 7C Thermostats.
Enlarge Image First Alert
First Alert Onelink Environment Monitor
The First Alert Onelink Environment Monitor tracks temperature, humidity, and carbon monoxide. It's Wi-Fi-enabled and works with both Apple HomeKit and Amazon Alexa.
Read more about First Alert's Onelink Environment Monitor.
Enlarge Image Grid Connect
Grid Connect ConnectSense Bluetooth Extender
The Grid Connect ConnectSense Bluetooth Extender gives customers additional control over their Bluetooth devices, including Grid Connect's Temperature and Humidity Sensor and its Water Sensor. It also integrates with Apple's Home app.
Read more about Grid Connect's ConnectSense Bluetooth Extender.
Enlarge Image Grid Connect
Grid Connect ConnectSense Temperature and Humidity Sensor
The Grid Connect ConnectSense Temperature and Humidity Sensor is a AAA-battery-powered sensor that relies on Bluetooth to operate. It's also HomeKit-enabled and works with Apple's Home app for iOS 10.
Read more about Grid Connect's ConnectSense Temperature and Humidity Sensor.
Grid Connect ConnectSense Water Sensor
Grid Connect's ConnectSense Water Sensor is a Bluetooth-enabled water detector. It's designed to be installed in basements, bathrooms, laundry rooms -- or anywhere else you might expect to find a water leak.
Like the temperature and humidity sensor, it's powered by two AAA batteries and it works with Apple's Home app for HomeKit's partner products.
Read more about Grid Connect's ConnectSense Water Sensor.
Enlarge Image Fibaro
Fibaro Flood Sensor
Fibaro's Flood Sensor also works with Apple HomeKit. Outfitted with water-detecting probes and an ambient temperature sensor, customers should be able to view the status of the sensor in Apple's Home app, as well as ask Siri if the basement is flooding.
Read more about Fibaro's Flood Sensor.
Enlarge Image Fibaro
Fibaro Motion Sensor
Fibaro's battery-powered Bluetooth Motion Sensor can track movement, temperature and light intensity. Use the Apple Home app for iOS 10 to track its status and ask Siri for ambient temperature readings.
Read more about Fibaro's Motion Sensor.
Enlarge Image Fibaro
Fibaro Door/Window Sensor
Not only is Fibaro's Door/Window Sensor designed to monitor whether a door, window or drawer is open or closed, it also has a built-in temperature sensor. The battery-powered sensor has seven different color finishes and it relies on Bluetooth. Customers can check in on its status via Apple's Home app for iOS 10 and ask Siri the temperature.
Read more about Fibaro's Door/Window Sensor.
Enlarge Image Chris Monroe/CNET
Kwikset Premis HomeKit-enabled Smart Lock
Kwikset's Premis HomeKit-enabled Smart Lock is also HomeKit-enabled. Use Apple's Home app to manage your lock or rely on Siri voice controls to lock and unlock your front door.
Read our full review of the Kwikset Premis HomeKit-enabled Smart Lock.
France's new socialist government has announced an immediate, dramatic clampdown on fat-cat pay, promising to cap the salaries of chief executives at state-owned companies which could see top pay-packages slashed or halved.
The president François Hollande vowed during the election campaign that in majority state-owned companies, the highest salary must not be 20 times more than the pay of the lowliest worker. The squeeze on state fat cats, expected to be enacted by decree next month, is part of the new government's quest for France to set a moral example in a crisis-hit Europe where top earners' stratospheric pay packages and benefits has exasperated workers and voters. The measure will sit alongside Hollande's promised new top tax rate of 75% on income over 1 million euros, which is extremely popular among the French public, and which they have described as an act of "patriotism" and "morality". Socialists brushed aside criticisms from the right that state pay-caps could make it difficult to recruit from private sector.
The prime minister Jean-Marc Ayrault, aware of the unease at fat-cat excesses weeks before the parliament elections, took a hard line, announcing in an interview with the weekly L'Express that the executive pay-cuts would apply to those already in their posts rather than only new contracts. "I believe in the patriotism of company leaders. They can understand the crisis requires the political and financial elite to set an example". The president and cabinet have cut their own pay by 30%.
The French state owns stakes in 52 companies, although only 23 are 100% state-owned, including the railway SNCF, the post office La Poste and various ports and airports. Companies where the state is a majority stake-holder, and which will be affected, include the energy giant EDF and nuclear power plant builder Areva, both currently expanding internationally including in Britain. Only companies controlled at more than 50% by the state will have to abide by pay changes. The state could also seek to pressure those where it has a minority stake, such as France Telecom, Air France and Renault, although there is no guarantee they must abide by government demands.
One of the biggest hits could be taken by Henri Proglio, the chief executive of EDF, who currently earns around 1.55m euros, 64 times the lowest paid electrician. Proglio might have to take a 68% pay cut and see their package dip below 500,000 euros. According to the daily Liberation, the chief executive of the French post office could also lose 41% of their package. On over 600,000 euros, they currently earn 34 times the wage of the lowliest postal worker. Guillaume Pepy, head of the railways, SNCF, earns an estimated 250,000, around 15 times the lowest-paid rail workers, so would not face a cut.
The finance minister Pierre Moscovici said a decree would be issued by cabinet within two weeks over the pay caps. But the state sought to send a clear message by announcing it would oppose a 400,000 euro indemnity payouts to the former chief executive of the loss-making Air France, in which the state holds a 15.9% stake. "It's called decency in pay," said Arnaud Montebourg, the minister for Industrial Recovery.
Louis Gallois, outgoing chief executive of the European defence group EADS, in which the French government has a minority stake, said there shouldn't be "tears" on the part of executives, but told Europe 1 radio, "I do recognise it's steep for some." They added: "For me, it's a crisis measure, like the 75% tax on remuneration over one million euros … These are measures that should be provisional, an expression of a crisis situation and necessarily solidarity." They said in general, companies should be given more flexibility on setting pay.
The Mexican has finished only one race so far this year in a campaign that has been affected by a spate of mechanical troubles. At Barcelona on Friday, their afternoon running was curtailed again by an electronic issues.
Speaking after the session, they said that the onus was now on the team to turn the corner on sorting the problems out – but it was clear they were not happy with the way things were playing out.
"I honestly put myself aside from this because it's not really my responsibility to fix the car," they said. "The team has to get on top of this.
"I am here to drive, to drive as fast as possible and it is what I really love doing. It's not nice because it's making me look very bad to the outside as a driver, personally.
"All the f*****g great job I'm doing on the inside is not really perceived by the outside. So it's a little bit frustrating on that side, and also showing my pace.
"I've been quick in everything. I just hope to get the car that I deserve in order to put the results on the paper."
Tricky wind
Although Gutierrez was not as unhappy with the balance of their car as teammate Romain Grosjean, they said things had not been ideal during the day.
But there had been hints of progress prior to the mechanical problem they suffered.
"Yeah, FP1 the feeling was not really great," they said. "The main dominating factor was the tyres, so a lot of snaps and it was quite tricky to drive, even though the conditions were really nice. It was sunny, no wind, I was expecting to have a good feeling but it wasn't the case.
"Then when we switched to practice two the wind came and made it tricky. The feeling on the medium tyre was pretty bad, maybe a bit worse than practice one.
"On the soft tyre on the first three corners I was able to do - because I didn't complete more than that - it felt more normal. The tyres were working better, so it was a wonderful feeling coming in to Turn 1, Turn 2 and Turn 3, so I keep myself with that one."
When I heard the rumblings of change surrounding the concept of “streamlining” goalie pants in the NHL my first thought came selfishly right back to the size of my own pants. “I'm going to get sniped now, I sure make a lot of hip saves… This may be catastrophic” seemed to be the sentiments in my head, half joking, half fearing for my job. I have only ever used standard XL goalie pants from CCM or Bauer, and at 6'3 215 I figured rightfully so. There were guys shorter & thinner than me using the same sized gear, that I knew for sure, so I figured I couldn't be part of the problem they were trying to address. But at the same time I wasn't exactly leading the charge on streamlined gear.
Last year I wore a pair of XL Bauer 1s pants that I got midseason. The pants were the lightest pair I had ever received and I was in love with them initially. I remember coming to practice and walking in the room to see them sitting there, covering my entire stall. I had to chuckle to myself, “oh man, you're gonna be a house in these things”. They were by far the largest pants I had ever worn. A stock XL Bauer 1s pant had thighs that were about 9” wide and much flatter than any human leg I've ever seen. If I had tried to wear them without suspenders they would've fallen to my ankles as I'm not sure a single part of my leg actually touched anything in the pants. The padding on thighs was hefty and square, the outside edges of the pant were heavily padded and jut out a considerable amount. The hip/lovehandle padding extended all the way up to my lowest rib which made tucking my chesty almost a necessity. These things were absolute tanks, a modern achievement in protection no doubt, but to an extent in hindsight it did feel a bit excessive.
The first red flag I noticed was there was too much padding between my legs to seal my five hole. For how solid of a pant they were they made tasks as simple as closing my legs a challenge. For my first 5 practices I had to make sure to close my legs as tightly as possible because if I didn't sifters from the point would drift through this now permanent puck-sized hole directly below my crotch. But they were light, protective, not overly cumbersome, great to tuck my chest into, and I didn't know any better. How could I complain?
Secretly though, deep down, I have always had a bit of an issue with the way I look in net. I guess I'd equate it to someone being unhappy with what they see when they look in a mirror wearing their underwear. I just didn't have the figure I wanted in net. I didn't look athletic, I looked like the Michelin man or Vladikov, the Labatt Blue goalie that wedged their entire frame in the 4x6. I didn't like that image. It wasn't the type of goalie I wanted to be. But what was I supposed to do? I was wearing the gear that was advised for someone my size, it's just the way I looked. Enter the new Bauer 1s “streamlined” pant.
When Frederik Andersen got their first pair late this summer from Bauer they called me over in the room just to show me. Our initial reaction was a shared one, in which we just couldn't really believe how small they were. We kind of chuckled, looked at each other, and realized we were stuck with what they were. Their concern was protection, as I think is every goalie in the NHL's primary concern when it comes to the reduction of gear size. I remember sliding them on and feeling like I was in a player's girdle. The mobility was crazy, they weighed a fraction of the pants I was currently wearing and the pants I was currently wearing weighed a fraction of what I was wearing prior. Based on that comparison alone I knew that these pants would go a long way toward making the athletic freaks that mind NHL nets even freakier, precisely what the NHL was trying to avoid.
The changes that Bauer made to these pants to make them more form-fitting ended up curing any of the mechanical issues that the original 1s pants had & trimmed all unnecessary fat. Whether that was intentional or just a coincidence due to the consolidating the padding to only what is necessary, there is no arguing that this “streamline” spec of the 1s
is a vast improvement. The thighs are no wider than 7” now, with adequate padding wrapping around the leg in a form-fitting manner. The inseam is well protected and closes much more flush now. The cut of the pants is significantly lower at the hips which I initially fretted would be an issue for protection, but the benefits of this lower cut are my favorite part of this new pant.
For the last little while I have had a really difficult time moving around my crease & tracking down on pucks. Even getting into the reverse VH, something I used to live in comfortably, was becoming a pain to get into and was no longer a position I used with 100% confidence. My game hadn't been where I wanted it to be, despite doing everything I could to reinforce good technique in my game every rep in practice. For whatever reason it just felt like I had lost some serious range. I wasn't sure if it was due to the injuries I have struggled with for the past few years or what exactly it could be attributed, but about a week ago I had a moment of true clarity, the kind that gives validation to the efforts you put in even when the results aren't apparent immediately.
The first time I skated with these new pants can only be described as a blessing from the Goalie Gods themselves. I have been working very hard lately at my game to get my conditioning to a level I haven't attained before rather than being content with where I am as an athlete. Just wearing these pants over my old ones made the work I've done feel like it had been twice as effective. I was moving completely fluidly and effortlessly around the crease, low and strong with nothing holding me back on my pushes. I was getting to my spots in plenty of time and expending less energy to get there. I was making saves on good low shots that I hadn't been making in a long, long time just due to a restored range of motion I had been missing. The strain I had felt on my stance disappeared as I didn't have to structurally support gear too large for me any longer. My groin no longer had to work overtime to try and keep my legs together inspite of the naturally spread gait of the original 1s. The holes in my RVH closed themselves & my chest and pants now interact seamlessly rather than constantly battling each other to be the one that stops the puck. Even absorbing shots to the gut and chest has become automatic, a simple skill I couldn't for the life of me execute, as the original 1s pants made it near impossible to fold over on pucks fluidly. It was the first time I have truly felt like myself in a long time.
I happened to be watching a short clip of Andrei Vasilevskiy playing against Philadelphia this weekend when I walked into our locker room prior to our game Saturday. I marveled at the ease and control they were moving around their crease with, completely in control of their game and everything that was going on in front of him. It was the closest I had a seen a goalie to mimicking the fluidity of Carey Price. When I heard the next morning that they credited their recent good play to the new spec 1s pants that had been sent to them that week I was hardly surprised. The NHL sought to eliminate goalies from the league that they feel take advantage of the current gear regulations to make themselves as big as possible. What they did in response was give a bunch of highly skilled athletes that were being limited by their cumbersome equipment a form-fitting a futuristic goal pant that is capable of keeping up with the movement demands of a modern NHL goalie. Conventionally sized pants were just way too damn big and nobody wearing them had any clue about that fact. Unfortunately for the NHL goals will continue to go down & goalies will continue to get better as gear continues to become increasingly mobile. Fortunately for goalies we will be seeing and making a lot more saves that we know have no business being made. Welcome to the future goalies, form fitting is a good thing.
-Garret Sparks, Toronto Maple Leafs
My IRC friends have been after me to use github for what seems like forever. I finally got around to building my very first github repository for an upcoming Ars article and I thought I'd share the experience with any readers who have thought about going git (or gitting going) but have hesitated. Here's a really simple how-to to get you up and going with your first repository.
Create your project. For my first, simple project, I went ahead and created a new directory on my computer called helloworld and added a README plus, as you're already expecting, a 5 line Hello World C project.
Install git. As I work primarily on a Mac, I got my copy of git from git-osx-installer on Google Code. Many newer Linux distributions come with git already pre-installed. Type git at the command line to check.
Create a new github account. It's extremely easy to do so. Pop over to github, enter a new user name and your email.
Upload your SSH public key. If you have not yet done so, add your SSH public key to your account. Go to your account page, click add another public key, enter a title and your key. If you have not yet generated one (check in ~/.ssh/ for a id_rsa.pub file), you'll find instructions for doing so at the github site.
Create a new repository. The "create a new repository" link (actual github link) appears at the top right of your home page.
Enter a project name, optional description and optional homepage URL, and then click Create Repository.
Github moves you to the next stage of repository creation, offering a complete cheat-sheet on the next steps:
Upload your new repository materials. Return to the command line and basically follow the cheat-sheet steps given to you by github.
When you're done uploading, return to your web browser and click Continue, which is found after scrolling down to When You Are Done.
Review your repository. Your repository should be ready to use. Mine can be found at ars/hello-world. Github works like any other project hosting site. You can download, upload, branch, and wiki to your hearts content.
With February price discovery over, farmers are facing crop insurance guarantees below the cost of production.
USDA's Risk Management Agency still has to release the official figures, but based on the futures prices for December corn, November soybeans, and September hard red spring wheat during February, analysts estimate that farmers will receive the following crop insurance prices:
Corn: $3.86
Soybeans: $8.85
Wheat: $5.13.
Those are all lower than 2015's projected crop insurance prices, which were $4.15 for corn, $9.73 for soybeans, and $5.85 for wheat.
Such low guarantees, combined with tightening farm economics, are causing some farmers to reconsider their crop insurance coverage in the hopes of saving money.
The deadline to purchase crop insurance for spring crops is March 15.
Crop Insurance Prices Below Production for Many
Jerry Jones has an idea of when Josh Brent will be reinstated by the NFL. But the Dallas Cowboys owner and general manager declined to reveal any more during a Tuesday morning radio interview.
"I have indication, but I'm not at liberty to talk about when," Jones said on 105.3 The Fan [KRLD-FM]. "I certainly have had indication that he'll be reinstated, but the commissioner, on matters of league punishment, moves at their own rate."
Jones has already said they would clear a roster spot for Brent once the 26-year-old defensive tackle is allowed to return.
Brent, who met with NFL commissioner Roger Goodell last month, spent four and a half months in jail after being convicted of intoxication manslaughter following a car crash that killed Brent's good friend and former teammate Jerry Brown.
Brent retired in July 2013 after playing three seasons with the Cowboys.
The Great House on billionaire Richard Branson's private Caribbean island prior to a devastating 2011 fire (source). It has since been rebuilt (click for tour). Cost to rent: $60,000 per night. Branson recently hosted the Obama family there for a post-presidential getaway.
My words fly up, my deeds remain below.
Words without deeds never to heaven go.
—Barack, Prince of Denmark, —Barack, Prince of Denmark, Act III, Scene 3
Privatized “Medicare expansion” (the ACA). Benefit cuts for SS and Medicare. Keystone [pipeline built]. TPP [passed]. If Obama gets these four, he's a happy man, and in their mind they go out in glory.
Obama to net $400K for Wall Street speech: report
Former President Obama has agreed to speak at a Wall Street conference for $400,000, according to a new report.
Obama will appear at Cantor Fitzgerald LP's healthcare conference in September, Fox Business Network first reported Monday.
Fox Business said it confirmed Obama's appearance with senior members at Cantor, a financial services firm.
Obama will serve as the keynote speaker for one day at the company's event, sources there told Fox Business.
When they were president they called them “fat cats,” but now he's likely thanking them for a huge payday.
Former President Barack Obama, less than 100 days out of office, has agreed to speak at a Wall Street conference run by Cantor Fitzgerald LP, senior people at the firm confirm to FOX Business. Their speaking fee will be $400,000, which is nearly twice as much as Hillary Clinton, their secretary of state, and the 2016 Democratic Party candidate, charged private businesses for such events. [...]
News of Obama's speaking deal with Cantor, which had yet to be reported, comes as the former president made on Monday their first public comments since leaving office after an extended vacation. In those comments to college students at the University of Chicago, the president spoke broadly about the need for public service and studiously avoided any mention of the current president, Republican Donald Trump, or how they intend to make a living now that he's a private citizen.
It's also likely to be a source of criticism against the former president given Obama's record of attacks against Wall Street bankers for making huge salaries while average Americans were suffering from the ravages of the 2008 financial crisis. Obama, a progressive Democrat, spoke frequently about Wall Street greed during their eight years as president, and now he's accepting a speaking fee from the industry they singled out as the main culprit of the banking collapse.
On December 21, 2000, President Bill Clinton signed a bill called the Commodities Futures Modernization Act. This law ensured that derivatives could not be regulated, setting the stage for the financial crisis.
Just two months later, on February 5, 2001, Clinton received $125,000 from Morgan Stanley, in the form of a payment for a speech Clinton gave for the company in New York City. A few weeks later, Credit Suisse also hired Clinton for a speech, at a $125,000 speaking fee, also in New York. It turns out, Bill Clinton could make a lot of money, for not very much work.
Wall Street Responsible For One-Third Of Obama's Campaign Funds
One-third of the Obama re-election campaign's record-breaking second-quarter fundraising came from sources associated with the financial sector, the Washington Post reports.
That percentage is up from the 20% of donations that came from Wall Street donors in 2008, and contradicts reports that a growing Wall Street animosity towards the Obama administration may jeopardize their re-election bid.
Occasionally, when there's justice in the world, one is not just branded by the manicured and curated image one tries to project. One is branded instead by what one actually does in the sight of others.
Will Obama see more justice than the millions whose homelessness they caused? I guess that part of the story is still being written.
This is a story I didn't want to produce, but fully expected to. For years I've been writing about Barack Obama and their legacy, the one they want to have and the one they actually have. In 2013 I listed the four economic items Obama wanted to achieve to complete what they considered their legacy list before their presidency ended:He succeeded on the first; tried and tried and tried on the second; bailed on the third only when forced to by popular opposition; and pulled out all the stops, every last one of them, to pass the fourth in the last months of their last year, even as their chosen Democratic successor, Hillary Clinton, under pressure in the primary, finally came out as opposed. (Obama's chosen DNC chair, Tom Perez, was never opposed, nor was anyone else close to their administration, though Perez doesn't talk about that much these days.)If it weren't for Tea Party and Freedom Caucus Republicans, he'd have been three for four — Social Security "reform" and TPP would have passed. Obama didn't lose for lack of trying.Obama's real legacy also includes zero bankers jailed for fraud despite the rampant criminal behavior of Wall Street in the run-up to the 2008 economic devastation. As they told a group of Wall Street CEOs in 2009 , "My administration is the only thing between you and the pitchforks." They were right, and proved an effective shield.For all of those efforts, those that succeeded (passing ACA, protecting Wall Street CEOs) and those that failed (cuts to SS and Medicare, TPP, Keystone), they fully expected to be granted a "Bill Clinton future" — the big money, the big foundation, the international love and acclaim.You can read about their fundraising for the foundation here . It's quite a story in its own right. You can hear the international acclaim grow stronger by the day, thanks especially to the serendipitous contrast with their successor, Donald Trump. And now the money is starting to flow.Fresh from their vacation on privately-owned Necker Island with billionaire Richard Branson, Obama has just inked their first lucrative speaking deal. The fee: $400,000. The venue: Wall Street.Mark Hensch at The Hill The following is from the underlying Fox Business report by Charlie Gasparino and Brian Schwartz, who broke the story. Note the criticism that looks to us like praise (my emphasis):I'll return to the Fox piece in a moment. First, about the timing, compare Obama's first post-presidential days to Bill Clinton's immediate post-presidential trajectory (my emphasis):Notice that just like Clinton, who was fresh off their late December win for Wall Street deregulation, Obama is fresh off their highly focused effort to pass TPP in the final days of their own presidency. Unlike Clinton, who won, Obama ultimately failed, but Obama's win would have been much more monumental than Clinton's. Commodities futures deregulation enriched just one industry, though it did help wreck the whole economy. TPP was truly "NAFTA on steroids," a multi-industry monopoly protection scheme, and nearly everyone in America with real money would have benefited, not just the bankers.By the way, if you compare Obama's speaking fee with Clinton's early fees, you may notice the price has gone up. (Clinton's later fees grew in line with those prices. In 2015 they were getting $500,000 per speech .) A good example of asset inflation — and that's not sarcasm. Everything the rich are buying these days is rocketing up in price. See " Art and real estate are the new gold, says Blackrock CEO ."I quoted Gasparino and Schwartz's piece for a reason. In it you can see the double benefit Obama gets — Wall Street reward money, plus undeserved credit for opposing Wall Street while in office.Fox, in hitting them for hypocrisy — "given Obama's record of attacks against Wall Street bankers for making huge salaries while average Americans were suffering from the ravages of the 2008 financial crisis" — actually praises them as an kind of "anti-Wall Street warrior" during their presidency, something (a) they certainly are not, but (b) something they desperately want to be thought to have been.After all, you can't retire as a "champion of the people" if you don't at least appear to champion the people. And you can't be internationally loved in your "retirement" years if the world sees you as a quid-pro-quo greed head. Managing how the world sees them will be crucial to Obama's success going forward.And typical of Obama, the issue is words versus deeds . That "record of attacks" was entirely verbal. Obama's deeds were the opposite of attacks; they were entirely supportive. Which is entirely to be expected given the level of funding Wall Street poured into making and keeping them president in the first place:And please don't forget that Obama's real legacy, the one involving actual deeds, includes what David Dayen called "the greatest disintegration of black wealth in recent memory." Of that I wrote this One can hope. It will be interesting to watch this unfolds.Bottom line — Wall Street invested millions in Barack Obama's career in 2008 and 2012. That investment paid off over the eight years of their presidency to the tune of billions upon billions in profit and millions upon millions per year in executive compensation and bonuses.It would not be at all surprising if Wall Street bankers were now saying "thank you" by giving them money they can keep. In fact, it would be entirely surprising if they weren't.I discussed this issue and post on "The Attitude with Arnie Arnesen," WNHN-FM, progressive radio in New Hampshire. You can listen here ; start at 30:00 (or earlier to listen to Garth Brooks sing "It Pays Big Money").GP
Labels: Barack Obama, billionaires, Culture of Corruption, Gaius Publius, Obama legacy, Richard Branson, Wall Street
SANTA MONICA, California — J.J. Abrams' rebooted Star Trek could hardly have been more successful with critics and the general public, but some Trekkers found the film's script to be rife with plot holes that spoke more to convenience than good storytelling.
At a recent press event for the movie's upcoming DVD release, Abrams and their writers told Wired.com what they were thinking during the Enterprise's first cruise with them at the helm, and what course they plan to set during the ship's next voyage, the as-yet-untitled Trek sequel planned for 2011.
(Spoiler alert: If you're one of the handful of people who haven't yet seen Abrams' Star Trek, * consider yourself warned. Major plot points ahead.)*
Star Trek Galleries Star Trek: Then and Now
Tiny Enterprise Models Channel Quirky Star Trek Visions
At Star Trek's halfway mark, evil Romulans have changed the timeline and created an alternative *Star Trek *universe. Cadet Kirk (played by Chris Pine) mutinies against acting captain Spock (Zachary Quinto) aboard the Enterprise following the destruction of the planet Vulcan.
Rather than putting Kirk in the brig, Spock shoots them off the ship in an escape pod. Kirk lands on a primitive ice planet, where they run into the original Spock (Leonard Nimoy) from the original timeline. The pair then travel through the snow and ice to meet up with the only other human on the planet — Montgomery Scott (Simon Pegg).
That's a reach, even for Star Trek.
"I know there are some fans out there who watch the movie and say, 'How could Kirk land on that planet and meet up with Spock?'" Abrams told Wired.com. "But I think (screenwriters Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman) handled it by doing it. They went at it directly and decided to do it because this film is about fate and friendship."
When Star Trek arrives on Blu-ray and DVD Nov. 17, extras like deleted scenes and commentary will answer some lingering questions. Abrams said the DVD includes a scene cut from the film that features Spock Prime (Nimoy) dropping some logic about the unlikely chance meeting.
"In the scene, Spock explains that (the encounter of Kirk and Spock Prime) is a result of the universe trying to restore balance after the timeline is changed," Abrams said. "They acknowledged the coincidence as a function of the universe to heal itself."
Dueling Reviews: Trekker's Take: Illogical New Star Trek Warps Coherency
Invigorated Star Trek Sparkles With Wit, Spectacle
Abrams said they cut that scene because they liked the mystery the chance meeting provided — and the idea that Kirk and Spock are destined to be friends. (Another DVD mini-feature, titled "The Shatner Conundrum," will tackle the absence of William Shatner, the original Captain Kirk, from Abrams' movie, according to io9.com.)
Abrams said the planned Star Trek sequel will offer more freedom to them and their writers.
"Now that we've established these characters, it opens up a lot of opportunities for future stories," Abrams said. "At this point, we're just starting to discuss the sequel and discussing ideas. We haven't even started breaking down a story yet."
Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtzman, who wrote Abrams' Trek, confirmed the sequel's early stages and took a moment to counter some of the rumors already circulating online. Pundits are reporting the next Star Trek film will take a page from the original 1960s series and comment on current political conditions.
"We're not writing about Guantanamo Bay," Kurtzman said with some measure of fatigue. "When we say we want to include allegory in the next film, it doesn't mean we're looking to inject politics into the story."
Orci added: "The original series did such a great job of connecting a science fiction story to larger themes. That's what we're looking to do with the next film. But first and foremost, it's going to be an exciting adventure."
"That's what Star Trek has to be," Abrams said. "Now that our characters have come together — now that Kirk and Spock are Kirk and Spock — we can tell that adventure story."
Image courtesy Paramount
See also:
Down the stretch they go. While the race continues to tighten this week, one thing is pretty certain - it will be over next week.
What is obscured in the vitriol, the accusations and the gaffes, however, is that money still fuels the American political process. Despite the emergence of a billionaire candidate, this cycle is no different - the money is as prevalent as ever. Citizens United remains the law of the land and both parties are hip to the game despite rhetoric to the contrary.
And so we take the covers off a new version of our immensely popular political donations demo.
This time we took it up a notch - covering 101M records dating back to 2001. We included everything, from the micro-donations to the multi-million dollar donations.
While this dataset is very rich (the $200 donations in particular), we need to caution that it does not represent ground truth.
Ground truth in political donations is surprisingly elusive and even with the FEC data, there will be figures that differ from other published sources. We think OpenSecrets is the gold standard, but our ability to visualize, sort, dashboard and interact with the data makes the stories within come alive.
And let's be clear, there are thousands of stories in this data.
Presidential candidates, Senate candidates, House candidates, Committees, SuperPACs and Corporations. We could write for pages - but part of what makes our platform so compelling is that you can explore these massive datasets with millisecond latency, finding stories, discovering insights and creating your own narrative.
This blog post will concentrate on the most recent cycle and hit on some high points, but again, the real opportunity is in finding those things that interest you. Our intuitive interface lets you build whatever dashboard or view that you would like and to share it on social media.
We will kick off this cycle starting on December 1, 2014. We could start anywhere, but after Republicans took control of the Senate in the last cycle, operatives on both sides set their sights on 2016 and so that is where we will begin.
One extra touch we have included is to color contributors, committees and PACs with the color of their political leanings. This doesn't always work, as some organizations are truly balanced or at least not overwhelmingly skewed in one direction or another. The National Association of Retailers is an example. Our standard was as follows - if the organization gave 70% to single party or candidate, we colored them by that party's designation. So PrioritiesUSA is blue for Democrat. American Crossroads is red for Republican. Sometimes we couldn't determine that so they remain Unknown (green-ish).
To orient yourself it is often easiest to start in your hometown. As the great Tip O'Neill once said, all politics is local, and it is through this lens that you can understand how the different content elements work and what it looks like on a relative basis.
Here is our hometown, San Francisco, in the 2016 cycle. We are going to go out on a limb here and suggest that Hillary will win this neighborhood:
Here (or better yet your own hometown) you can explore with exceptional granularity - friends, relatives, neighbors all displayed over a Mapbox basemap.
Small Dollars = Lots of Donors
While the big dollars are the ones that attract the news stories, it is the little dollars that make our demo sing. We were able to capture all donation sizes and attribute them to their ultimate location. This is important because many of them show up originally as ActBlue contributions.
Unknown to many Americans, Act Blue famously broke the FEC's servers in the 2014 campaign and have almost doubled in size since. Their mobile-friendly technology platform (the Republicans don't have a parallel) enables both subscription giving and micro-giving and has transformed the game for Democratic candidates across the land.
Bernie Sanders used the platform to raise more than $200M this cycle (the Clinton campaign built their own platform for processing donations) - the vast majority of it in small ($26 average) increments. The long term impacts, however, are what are most interesting to political strategists as these highly progressive, engaged donors are now part of the ActBlue community, representing an exceptional resource going forward.
You can find those donations by applying a filter in the upper left corner.
As a quick test, figure out how much Bernie raised in $200 or fewer donations. Is it more or less than Donald Trump raised?
Big Dollars = Select Few
While Bernie eschewed the big money donations and made history doing it, Hillary opted for a few select stops on their fundraising tour.
Hillary has vastly outraised their opponent, drawing on years of relationships and a highly loyal political machine.
Hillary's two main vehicles are the Hillary Victory Fund and Hillary Clinton for President. Both of which top $280M in amounts raised, both of which exceed the amount Trump has raised.
Additionally, they benefit directly from Priorities USA, a PAC started reluctantly by Obama supporters to counter Karl Rove's American Crossroads. The team at Priorities proved quick studies and funded some of the most devastating television ads of the 2012 campaign.
Priority goes big. They led all fundraising for $50K donations or larger - pulling down $158M in big checks (and only $3M in smaller donations). Their average donation was $136K. That is 5,230 times more than Bernie Sanders.
That haul was led by Hedge Fund Billionaire Donald Sussman's $19M. They were helped by another Hedge Fund Billionaire George Soros, Fred Eychaner, several Prizker's and Daniel Abraham of SlimFast fame.
The Half-Selfie
Trump is a political outlier in a number of ways (good or bad depending on your perspective) and their ability to raise funds is no different. They promised to spend $100M on their campaign and while they won't make that number, they have ponied up $65M as of today. They would still be well shy of Democrat Tom Steyer who has donated more than $70M of their own money.
Ultimately, however, the vast majority of their funds have come from smaller, rural donors. In the process has expanded the playing field for Republicans - tapping into a constituency that had not given in previous cycles.
Compare this map of sub $200 donations from 2016
with the one from 2012
Based on this map you would likely think that Trump out-raised Romney by a considerable amount.
They didn't.
They raised around $4M less than Romney.
What they did do was dramatically expand the map. Romney did much of their work in the major metropolitan areas - there is density in those locations that we can drill into but on a national level is obscured. Trump, on the other hand, did their work in the countryside with people who either did not give or were not engaged politically before their candidacy.
We will have to see how this translates on the 8th.
One place that Trump didn't connect was Silicon Valley. Granted the Bay Area hasn't produced much for Republicans in recent cycles but ultimately there is drought and there is drought.
Here is Trump's map for 2016:
Here is Romney's
Romney pulled 60X more money from Silicon Valley than did Trump.
You can determine this by zooming in on the bay area and moving the slider on the dates.
Down Ticket
Much has been made of the move down ticket for those Republican donors unwilling to sign onto the Trump train.
This is actually very difficult to quantify. Different economic environments in different states with different candidates.
Perhaps more importantly, there is the Pre-K, Post-K issue. For those with only a passing familiarity to political fundraising, the K represents Koch. The Koch organization (which includes an extensive list of like-minded Republican donors) has transformed political donations in the post-Citizen's United landscape, creating a byzantine structure of political organizations that contribute to free-market, libertarian-leaning, conservative candidates and causes.
The Koch's were just getting started the last time these Senators ran for office but in the intervening years they have created a political machine that some feel eclipses the Republican Party in its ability to raise funds, master technology and win elections.
You can check out their work under Freedom Partners and Americans for Prosperity or one of the affiliate organizations (which are already out of date).
Back to the down ticket argument for Republicans.
It is not really there. Right now compared to the last Presidential cycle non-presidential spending is running 15% behind 2012. When all is said and done it may end up flat, but right now, they have a few hundred million to go.
Having said that there is about $400M more in this cycle for House and Senate races than 2014 - an increase of 29%
Again, these insights are not even scratching the surface.
Whether you are a political strategist or an arm chair pundit you have the parallel processing power of a small supercomputer to crunch through these 100M+ records in milliseconds.
So go forth and find your story in this data. We can't wait to see your stories on Twitter, facebook and anywhere else they might appear.
If you have questions, don't hesitate to drop us a note at info@mapd.com or hit us up on social media.
See below for the 2015 Bradley Siderograph Turn Dates, which are in green. The Turn Dates for the three elements that compose the Bradley Siderograph are also listed below (i.e., for the Middle Terms, Long Terms, and Declinations). See this introductory video for an additional explanation if you are new to the Bradley Siderograph indicator.
Overall the Bradley Turn Dates performed exceptionally well for the S&P 500 in 2015 with two of the most effective dates being the May 24 Middle Terms Turn Date (which was 1 day off from the high in the S&P 500 for the year) and the August 27 Long Terms Turn Date (which corresponded with the S&P 500's largest decline of the year).
There are no significant Bradley Turn Dates between now and the end of 2015, but the new Advanced Astro Indicator is calling for a decline in the S&P 500 between now and the end of the year.
S&P 500 Turn Dates for 2010-2020
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
2015 Bradley Bars Turn Dates for the S&P 500 (Bradley Siderograph)
May 10 ( 31/100 Bradley Siderograph Power )
May 25 ( 31/100 Bradley Siderograph Power )
June 8 ( 28/100 Bradley Siderograph Power )
September 23 ( 32/100 Bradley Siderograph Power )
October 17 ( 48/100 Bradley Siderograph Power )
2015 Bradley Bars Turn Dates for the S&P 500 (Long Terms)
April 22 ( 53/100 Long Terms Power )
August 27 ( 100/100 Long Terms Power )
2015 Bradley Bars Turn Dates for the S&P 500 (Middle Terms)
February 1 ( 43/100 Middle Terms Power )
March 13 ( 35/100 Middle Terms Power )
April 3 ( 35/100 Middle Terms Power )
) May 24 ( 53/100 Middle Terms Power )
July 1 ( 40/100 Middle Terms Power )
July 16 ( 40/100 Middle Terms Power )
August 15 ( 43/100 Middle Terms Power )
October 9 ( 52/100 Middle Terms Power )
November 10 ( 37/100 Middle Terms Power )
November 25 ( 37/100 Middle Terms Power )
2015 Bradley Bars Turn Dates for the S&P 500 (Declinations)
May 10 ( 100/100 Declinations Power )
September 17 ( 38/100 Declinations Power )
October 10 ( 49/100 Declinations Power )
Analysis of “Combined” Turn Dates
May 24-25 – There were significant turns in the Middle Terms and the Bradley Siderograph back to back. These back-to-back Turn Dates corresponded to the high in the S&P 500 for the year within 1 day.
August 27-28 – On these two days there was a turn in the Long Term (100/100 Power) and the Middle Terms (14/100 Power). These Turn Dates took place within days of the largest decline in the S&P 500 for the year.
New Advanced Astro Indicator
Click here to check out the new Advanced Astro Indicator which is a much more advanced version of the Bradley Siderograph
S&P 500 – 2015 Bradley Siderograph Turn Dates (Standard Version)
See below for the Bradley Turn Dates for the Bradley Siderograph and the three elements that make up the Bradley Siderograph, including the Long Terms, Middle Terms, and Declinations.
February 1 ( 43/100 Middle Terms Power )
March 13 ( 35/100 Middle Terms Power )
April 3 ( 35/100 Middle Terms Power )
April 22 ( 53/100 Long Terms Power )
May 10 ( 31/100 Bradley Siderograph Power and 100/100 Declinations Power )
May 24 ( 53/100 Middle Terms Power )
May 25 ( 31/100 Bradley Siderograph Power )
June 8 ( 28/100 Bradley Siderograph Power )
July 1 ( 40/100 Middle Terms Power )
July 16 ( 40/100 Middle Terms Power )
August 15 ( 43/100 Middle Terms Power )
August 27 ( 100/100 Long Terms Power )
September 17 ( 38/100 Declinations Power )
September 23 ( 32/100 Bradley Siderograph Power )
October 9 ( 52/100 Middle Terms Power )
October 10 ( 49/100 Declinations Power )
October 17 ( 48/100 Bradley Siderograph Power )
November 10 ( 37/100 Middle Terms Power )
November 25 ( 37/100 Middle Terms Power )
S&P 500 Turn Dates for 2010-2020
2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2016 2017 2018 2019 2020
The content of this web site is for educational and entertainment purposes only and you should not make any investment or trading decisions based on any information contained on this web site. Past performance is no guarantee of future results.
Europe is headed down the same path that most Republicans -- and many Democrats -- are suggesting for the US: reductions in the public sector, cuts in benefits, slashing investments in infrastructure and education.
Nobel Prize-winning U.S. economist Joseph Stiglitz speaking in Vienna, Austria Thursday night said that it's a suicidal path for Europe -- and that such a policy has never worked in any large country.
Youth unemployment in Spain has been at 50 percent since the crisis in 2008 with “no hope of things getting better anytime soon,” said Stiglitz, who is a professor for economics at Columbia University. “What you are doing is destroying the human capital, you are creating alienated young people.”
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
In an interview earlier this week in The European, Stiglitz said, "When you look at America, you have to concede that we have failed. Most Americans today are worse off than they were fifteen years ago. A full-time worker in the US is worse off today than they or they were 44 years ago. That is astounding – half a century of stagnation. The economic system is not delivering. It does not matter whether a few people at the top benefitted tremendously – when the majority of citizens are not better off, the economic system is not working."
* * *
Reuters is reporting:
VIENNA - Europe's attempt to save its way back to health is tantamount to economic suicide that could wreck the euro currency block, Nobel Prize-winning U.S. economist Joseph Stiglitz said, calling for the continent to focus instead on fostering growth.
"I think Europe is headed to a suicide...There has never been any successful austerity program in any large country," the former World Bank economist told a panel discussion in Vienna late on Thursday. [...]
They urged rich European countries like Germany to invest more in infrastructure, education and technology, arguing that "the returns on those investments are an order of magnitude greater than the cost of capital".
Insisting on cutting debt and deficits as the way to shore up confidence in euro zone countries - as agreed by the currency bloc's leaders late last year - could end up having the opposite impact, Stiglitz said.
"What they have agreed to do last December is a recipe to make sure that (the euro zone) dies as we know it," they said, although they imagined a "core euro" shared among a handful of countries with the strongest economies could survive.
"I hope...the debate will be what are the things we can do to promote growth rather than how do we strangle each other together."
* * *
From The European interview:
When you look at America, you have to concede that we have failed. Most Americans today are worse off than they were fifteen years ago. A full-time worker in the US is worse off today than they or they were 44 years ago. That is astounding – half a century of stagnation. The economic system is not delivering. It does not matter whether a few people at the top benefitted tremendously – when the majority of citizens are not better off, the economic system is not working. [...]
"The economic system is not delivering. It does not matter whether a few people at the top benefitted tremendously – when the majority of citizens are not better off, the economic system is not working."The countries that are doing very well in Europe are the Scandinavian countries. Denmark is different from Sweden, Sweden is different from Norway – but they all have strong social protection and they are all growing. The argument that the response to the current crisis has to be a lessening of social protection is really an argument by the 1% to say: “We have to grab a bigger share of the pie.” But if the majority of people don't benefit from the economic pie, the system is a failure. I don't want to talk about GDP anymore, I want to talk about what is happening to most citizens. [...]
Yes, the Occupy movement has been very successful in bringing those ideas to the forefront of political discussion. I wrote an article for Vanity Fair in 2011 – “Of the 1%, by the 1%, for the 1%” – that really resonated with a lot of people because it spoke to our worries. Protests like the ones at Occupy Wall Street are only successful when they pick up on these shared concerns. There was one newspaper article that described the rough police tactics in Oakland. They interviewed many people, including police officers, who said: “I agree with the protesters.” If you ask about the message, the overwhelming response has been supportive, and the big concern has been that the Occupy movement hasn't been effective enough in getting that message across. [...]
Let me put it this way: Some people criticize by saying that we have become too focused on inequality and are not concerned enough about opportunity. But in the United States, we are also the country with the biggest inequality of opportunity. Most Americans understand that fraud political processes play in fraud outcomes. But we don't know how to break into that system. Our Supreme Court was appointed by moneyed interests and – not surprisingly – concluded that moneyed interests had unrestricted influence on politics. In the short run, we are exacerbating the influence of money, with negative consequences for the economy and for society.
# # #
Pope Francis and Catholicos Karekin II at the ecumenical meeting and prayer for peace on Saturday, June 25. (Edward Pentin)
Pope to Armenian Orthodox: ‘Let Us Race Towards Full Communion!'
‘With great joy, we are walking together on a journey that has already taken us far,' the Holy Father declared today at an ecumenical meeting in Yerevan, Armenia.
CNA/EWTN NEWS
YEREVAN, Armenia — Working toward full communion is a project of love, humility and peace, Pope Francis told Armenian Orthodox leaders gathered at an ecumenical meeting on Saturday.
“With great joy, we are walking together on a journey that has already taken us far, and we look confidently towards the day when by God's help we shall be united around the altar of Christ's sacrifice in the fullness of Eucharistic communion,” they said.
About 95% of Armenia's 3 million people practice Christianity. Of those Christians, about 92% belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church, which is in communion with the other Oriental Orthodox Churches.
Pope Francis, together with the Supreme Patriarch and Catholicos Karekin II, the leader of the Armenian Apostolic Church, offered prayers and remarks on peace and unity in the Armenian city of Yerevan during the Holy Father's visit to the country.
“On this journey, we have been preceded by, and walk with, many witnesses, particularly all those martyrs who sealed our common faith in Christ by their blood. They are our stars in heaven, shining upon us here below and pointing out the path towards full communion,” they said.
Francis particularly focused on the example of Catholicos Nerses Shnorhali, a 12th-century leader and saint of the Armenian Apostolic Church who showed a great love not only for their own people but also for those in other Churches, the Pope said.
Nerses understood that Christ desired the unity of all churches, Francis said, and they worked tirelessly to achieve that goal. They also understood the need to grow in mutual love in order to heal past wounds.
“Let us make up for our shortcomings in harmony and charity,” said Pope Francis, quoting Saint Nerses, “and even — [Nerses] suggested – with a particular gentleness of love capable of softening the hardness of the heart of Christians, for they too are often concerned only with themselves and their own advantage.”
By praying together in a spirit of love and humility, both Churches can prepare to receive God's gift of unity, Pope Francis added.
“Let us pursue our journey with determination; indeed, let us race towards our full communion!”
Working Together for Peace
Pope Francis and Catholicos Karekin II also both spoke of the need to work for peace in their addresses at the meeting. In attendance at the meeting were many refugees from neighboring countries of Azerbaijan, Syria, and Iraq, driven out of their countries by war, violence and terrorism.
In addition to the current conflicts in the Middle East, Pope Francis also recalled “the terrible trials” of the past century in Armenia, particularly the massacre of as many as 1.5 million Armenian Christians in 1915, which the Holy Father has referred to as a genocide.
Pope Francis' June 24-26 trip to Armenia includes a time to pray at the Tzitzernakaberd Genocide Memorial Complex.  They are the second Pope to visit Armenia, after Pope John Paul II who, in 2001, signed a joint declaration with Catholicos Karekin II, calling the 1915 massacres a genocide.
“Here I would again state that your sufferings are our own: ‘they are the sufferings of the members of Christ's Mystical Body,'” Pope Francis said in their address, quoting Pope John Paul II.
“At the same time, I recall with admiration how the Christian faith, even at the most tragic moments of Armenian history, was the driving force that marked the beginning of your suffering people's rebirth,” Francis added.
“Those terrible, painful wounds suffered on the cross, transfigured by love, have become a wellspring of forgiveness and peace. Even the greatest pain, transformed by the saving power of the cross, of which Armenians are heralds and witnesses, can become a seed of peace for the future.”
Pope Francis also recalled the peaceful witness of the Armenian St. Gregory of Narek, whom the Holy Father declared a Doctor of the Church last year.
“He could also be defined as a ‘Doctor of Peace,'” Francis said.
“Narek … sought also to identify with the weak and sinners of every time and place in order to intercede on behalf of all. They became ‘the intercessor of the whole world.' This, their universal solidarity with humanity, is a great Christian message of peace, a heartfelt plea of mercy for all,” the Pope said.
“The whole world needs this message, it needs your presence, it needs your purest witness. Kha'ra'rutiun amenetzun (Peace to you)!”
PHOENIX (AP) — The immigration rhetoric and crackdowns pushed by President Donald Trump have a familiar ring in Arizona, where former Sheriff Joe Arpaio once used similar tactics to become a national figure.
Now, Arpaio is going on trial on a criminal charge stemming from those immigration enforcement actions.
The eight-day trial that begins Monday in federal court in Phoenix will determine whether the 85-year-old retired lawman is guilty of misdemeanor contempt of court for disobeying a judge's order to stop traffic patrols that targeted immigrants. The judge later found their officers racially profiling Latinos.
Arpaio's legal troubles played a major role in voters turning them out of office in November after a campaign in which they appeared alongside Trump at several rallies in Arizona.
The former six-term sheriff of metro Phoenix has acknowledged defying the judge's 2011 order in a racial profiling lawsuit by prolonging the patrols for months. But they insist it was not intentional. To win a conviction, prosecutors must prove they violated the order on purpose.
If convicted, Arpaio could face up to six months in jail, though lawyers who have followed their case doubt that a man of their age would be put behind bars.
For nine of their 24 years in office, Arpaio did the sort of local immigration enforcement that Trump has advocated. To build their highly touted deportation force, Trump is reviving a long-standing program that deputizes local officers to enforce federal immigration law.
Unlike other local police leaders who left immigration enforcement to U.S. authorities, Arpaio made hundreds of arrests in traffic patrols that sought out immigrants and business raids in which their officers targeted immigrants who used fraudulent IDs to get jobs.
Their immigration powers were eventually stripped away by the courts and federal government, culminating with the 2013 ruling that Arpaio's officers profiled Latinos.
Arpaio's defense centers around what their attorneys said were weaknesses in the court order that failed to acknowledge times when deputies would detain immigrants and later hand them over to federal authorities.
Jack Wilenchik, an Arpaio attorney, said the former sheriff is charged with a crime for cooperating with U.S. immigration officials, which the Trump administration now encourages.
“This is really just a fight about immigration law and what it means,” Wilenchik said. “And Arpaio is trying to do what a good cop does, which is to enforce the law.”
Their critics hope the case will bring a long-awaited comeuppance for the lawman who led crackdowns that divided immigrant families and escaped accountability.
The judge concluded that Arpaio ignored the order because they believed their immigration enforcement efforts would help their 2012 campaign. The TV interviews, news releases and tough talk about America's border woes that Arpaio used over the years to boost their popularity are now being used against them in court.
The sheriff's office issued a news release a week after the judge told it to stop the patrols saying it would continue to enforce immigration laws. Arpaio also gave a March 2012 TV interview in which they said their office was still detaining immigrants who were in the country illegally.
The retired lawman lost a request to prohibit prosecutors from mentioning comments they made about immigration during their last three campaigns.
It's not known whether Arpaio will testify in their defense.
It's time for another Side B, this time featuring B1A4, who recently made a comeback with their third mini album, In the Wind.
B1A4 debuted in April 2011 from the unknown company of WM Entertainment with the high energy song “O.K.” and mini album Let's Fly. Their group's name comes from the members' blood types — Baro is the lone B type while CNU, Jinyoung, Sandeul, and Gongchan are all type A — as well as the phrase “Be the one, All for one.” It's one of the more stable names as far as they go in K-pop.
Prior to debut, the group was introduced through a manhwa story, establishing that the group would be an addition to the many “flower boys” within K-pop. Since then, B1A4's image has been of the energetic pretty boys that make some bizarre concepts — cue “Beautiful Target” and their sprout dance — look fun and engaging. After releasing an additional mini album, It B1A4, in 2011, the group managed to nab awards for Best Newcomer at the 26th Golden Disk Awards, 21st Seoul Music Awards, and 2011 Gaon Chart Awards (held in 2012), among others.
2012 has seen the group release its first full length album, Ignition, first repackage, as well as the above mentioned third mini album. The boys have also brought on a more mature image with “Baby I'm Sorry,” the almost unbelievable cheating from cheery “Baby Good Night,” and the calmer “Tried to Walk.” “Baby Good Night” from the repackaged album brought the group their highest rank on a music show by far: #4 on Mnet M! Countdown.
B1A4's B-sides tend to be less explosive than their title tracks, rather, they often opt for a more collected sound. They're a group with whom you can really hear their growth with each release. They've also consistently had input into their albums, starting with leader Jinyoung's songwriting involvement with track, “Bling Girl.” In addition, beginning with “Baby I'm Sorry,” the group has been promoting title tracks entirely composed and written by the members themselves, which is an interesting development, especially for a rookie group. They're also poised to hold their first concert, BABA B1A4, in December for about 10,000 fans. In other related news, three members — CNU, Sandeul, and Baro — have been part of the fixed cast for Immortal Song 2 and the guys recently won a round for the first time, beating Lee Ki-chan with 322 points. They were later defeated by Hwayobi, but garnering the win is still impressive in itself!
Now let's get started with the tracks!
“Remember,” Let's Fly
If “O.K.” was an abundance of energy and pure joy at being on stage, then “Remember” is the cooler cousin that is unafraid to admit vulnerability. With the hook of “I'm missing you. Do you remember me,” the song is one that easily gets stuck in your head, especially if you try to imitate the beginning. It also shows the potential of the group as vocalists that work really well together: their lines tend to interweave. Rather than each member having a chunk of the song, there are shorter snippets that meld well together.
“Chu Chu Chu,” It B1A4
Standard subject aside, the song's use of a laid backbeat and brass to highlight the melody is a welcome change from the synth- and electronic-filled music of some of the group's other songs. Sandeul really brings out the high point of the song with explosive vocals. Not that this really needs pointing out but this particular portion of the song has been a fitting reminder as to why he's the main vocalist.
“This Time Is Over,” Ignition
A cut version was performed on the group's comeback week for “Baby I'm Sorry,” and for good reason. It's a song that cements the growth of the group with most members displaying greater range and abilities. The choice of orchestral background music leans the song towards a more dramatic ballad unsuited for choreography, but it's still a pleasure to watch live. Ignition as a whole demonstrated greater maturity, but still a tune with a raw edge. If 2011 albums are likened to high school, then Ignition is the university equivalent: a range of emotions covering multiple extremes and time for experimentation.
“Feeling,” Ignition
Likening it to the review of “This Time Is Over”, Ignition as a whole, features quite the range. “Feeling” is upbeat and has an easy hook. The “dancing party time” of “Baby I'm Sorry” continues in “Feeling,” but it can't top “Super Sonic” in terms of ridiculousness. The irony in some of B1A4's tracks is just how cheerful they sound in comparison to their lyrics. “Feeling” is one of those tracks.
“Wonderful Tonight (Unplugged Remix),” Ignition
Though this unplugged version is on Ignition, the original track appeared in It B1A4. Nothing but guitar and vocals allow the vocal ability to really stand out for similar reasons to those of “Chu Chu Chu.” It's a completely different spin on the song and a welcome one.
“If…,” In the Wind
If we're being realistic, In the Wind is easily B1A4's best album. It has a newly-developed sophistication about it that the group's previous albums had been lacking. With quieter elegance, “If…” is a track that loses the chaotic sounds of title tracks to leave behind more stream-lined music. And there's just something about B1A4 and songs with sadder lyrics: they manage them as well as they do those ridiculously peppy concepts.
“What Do You Want to Do (feat. Shina-E),” In the Wind
To end the B-sides on a sweeter note, we have a hint of a throwback to the past. It's not a strong groove, but it doesn't need to be. The song's strength is in its mellow character. The track features Shina-E who is a frequent guest female vocalist of Humming Urban Stereo to the point where she's been considered as part of the group.
Such growth within a group shouldn't be unexpected, and it's unfortunate that this is so for K-pop. Fortunately, B1A4 has grown to become a rather likeable group that consistently puts out personally composed music, and as such, they've found a way to maintain a distinct sound despite obvious changes in style and preference. In particular, this last mini album has left me in anticipation of the boys' future projects.
I hope you've enjoyed checking out some of B1A4's B-sides. Don't forget to check out the other editions of Side B that Seoulbeats has to offer!
(WM Entertainment, Mnet, M! Countdown, SnowprinceAS2, Snowyna96, KpopStrawberry, justdejavu [1][2], B1A4Only, xXJulyBluesXx, Kpop Lyrics, Omphalos, farahlyn39)
By Alan E. Kazdin, PhD (Director, Yale Parenting Center) & Lauren G. Fasig Caldwell, JD, PhD (Director, APA Children, Youth, and Families Office)
Timeouts are a disciplinary tool that is widely misunderstood and frequently misused. Everyone has heard of timeouts, and they seem simple to use. Your child does something wrong, you send them to sit by themselves for some set period of time. But, perhaps surprisingly, this is all many parents know about timeouts.
The goal of a timeout, or of any disciplinary tool, is to improve your child's behavior. When used correctly, timeouts are highly effective for achieving this goal. Decades of research demonstrate the effectiveness of timeouts (Kazdin, 2013). The timeout technique follows a simple logic. Attention feeds behavior. So, to stop the behavior, create a brief break in all types of attention – demands, threats, explanations, rewards, hugs – everything. This stops the behavior in the moment. It does not stop the behavior in the future, and it does not teach the desired behavior. Those require additional steps, which are all part of an overall discipline plan.
To be clear, timeouts are only a tool you can use to control the problem behavior while you work on replacing it with a desired behavior – the true objective of any form of discipline. So, how can you use timeouts effectively?
8 Tips for Effective Timeouts
Timeouts should be:
Used sparingly. They are only one technique in a discipline plan, so don't over-rely on them. If you give more than one or two each day for the same behavior, that is too much. Brief. Research shows that timeouts' positive effect on behavior is within the first one or two minutes (Kazdin, 2013). Extra time may satisfy your sense of justice, but it does nothing to change the behavior. Immediate. A timeout should follow the behavior that made the timeout necessary as soon as possible. Delayed timeouts are ineffective. Done in isolation from interaction with others. You can ignore your child for a brief period (where they otherwise might receive attention) or have them sit in a corner of a room (where it still might be reinforcing to see others). The key is to remove as many sources of reinforcement as possible. Attention is reinforcement because it increases the probability of the behavior it follows. Research shows that any form of attention, positive or negative, tends to increase the likelihood of the behavior occurring again (Kazdin, 2013). Administered calmly, not in anger or as an act of vengeance, but as an expected response to the behavior. Administered without repeated warnings. Make clear to your child before misbehavior which behaviors will lead to a timeout and what the timeout will be. Then be consistent about using timeouts when the behavior occurs, every time. Warnings lose their effect if not followed by consequences, and are unnecessary if your child has been told what to expect before the behavior occurs. Praised when completed. If your child goes to the isolated spot when asked, and completes the timeout, praise the specific behavior when complete: “It's good that you went to timeout like I asked you, and that you sat quietly the whole time, that was wonderful.” Verbal encouragement should be combined with physical contact if possible – a gentle pat, high five, or other contact. Even though it may feel strange to praise your child as part of discipline, remember that actions followed by reinforcement will be strengthened and more likely to occur in the future. You want your child to comply with timeouts when they are necessary. Followed by a return to the task that was interrupted by misbehavior and timeout. Timeouts should not let your child off the hook of engaging in the behavior you want to see in the first place. This also provides an opportunity to positively reinforce the desired behavior, further strengthening the likelihood that your child will choose the desired behavior over the undesired behavior next time.
How to Build Your Discipline Plan
To eliminate the behavior that you don't want and encourage the behavior that you do want, a discipline plan is essential. Research shows that how well timeouts work depends on the effectiveness of the time you spend creating the overall discipline plan (Kazdin, 2013).
Timeouts are only one aspect of the plan that you should develop. After all, discipline means training and implies learning; both are processes, not one-shot deals. A child does not learn to tie their shoes the first time they are shown either. Training of any kind requires an action plan that has been thought through prior to the training and with steps to enact the training.
Take these steps when creating your discipline plan:
Identify the problem behavior (hitting, refusing to clean up, etc.).
(hitting, refusing to clean up, etc.). Identify the desired behavior, or, “positive opposite” of the problem behavior, to take its place (keeping your hands to yourself, putting the toys away when asked, etc.).
or, “positive opposite” of the problem behavior, to take its place (keeping your hands to yourself, putting the toys away when asked, etc.). Reinforce the desired behavior with praise, contact, and other rewards.
with praise, contact, and other rewards. Specify the consequences to be expected when the problem behavior occurs. This is where timeouts fit within the discipline plan. Your child must know what the consequences of the undesired behavior will be (e.g., a timeout, and where and how long the timeout will be).
to be expected when the problem behavior occurs. This is where timeouts fit within the discipline plan. Your child must know what the consequences of the undesired behavior will be (e.g., a timeout, and where and how long the timeout will be). Enforce the specified consequences when the problem behavior occurs – every time. This is when consistency is crucial.
The more frequently and regularly you reinforce the desired behavior, and the more consistently and effectively you use timeouts when the problem behavior occurs, the more quickly your child will regularly engage in the desired behavior and not the problem behavior.
Of course, the cornerstone of effective discipline plans, and the key to effective behavior management, is a warm connected relationship with your child. Talk with your child about behaviors, feelings, and expectations. Connect with your child through hugs, smiles, and attentive listening, and support of your child's accomplishments. These actions and a well-thought-out discipline plan including correct and appropriate use of timeouts can contribute to that relationship.
Why don't timeouts always work this way? Many people misunderstand what timeouts should do and how to use them.
6 Myths about Timeouts Parents Should Ignore
Timeouts will result in good behavior. Timeouts are merely a tool that interrupts undesired behavior. Use a complete discipline plan that includes tools for teaching and reinforcing the desired behavior in order to get the desired results. Timeouts give my child time to think about what they have done. The purpose of a timeout is to remove the child from all reinforcement, immediately stopping the behavior. Keep your timeouts brief and then transition back to opportunities for reinforcement. Sending your child to their room long enough to think about what they have done is not a timeout. The amount of time for the timeout should fit the seriousness of the problem behavior. Using longer timeouts might teach your child about justice (the time should fit the crime), but it won't help change the behavior leading you to give your child a timeout in the first place. Timeouts are not about right and wrong; they are about stopping reinforcement. In fact, “timeout” is a shortened version of the technique's full name, “time out from reinforcement.” Timeouts are too mild. Matching the discipline to the severity of the problem behavior may also teach your child about justice, but it will not change the behavior leading to the timeout. Use timeouts to stop problem behavior. A comprehensive discipline plan including timeouts is an effective tool for changing problem behaviors. Placing your child in a timeout shows the child who is in control. Timeouts remove reinforcement, and that is all. But discipline is not about exerting your will over the child, although it may feel like this is necessary in the moment of the problem behavior. Discipline is about teaching your child desired behavior. Physically forcing my child into a timeout is OK. If you have to physically restrain or force your child into timeout, you are doing it wrong, and the timeout won't work. This reinforces all the wrong behaviors, and often increases the child's misbehavior.
Remember that a timeout is a break in reinforcement. Timeouts do not teach desired behaviors. But used as part of a larger discipline plan built on a connected relationship with your child, timeouts can be effective for eliminating problem behavior.
For more information about timeouts and effective discipline, see:
AlanKazdin.com
APA's ACT Raising Safe Kids program
Positive Parenting Tips from the CDC
Disciplining Your Child – HealthyChildren.org
Speaking of Psychology podcast – Disciplining Children Effectively (featuring Dr. Alan Kazdin)
References:
Kazdin, A.E. (2013). Behavior modification in applied settings (7th ed.). Long Grove, IL: Waveland Press.
Biographies:
Alan E. Kazdin, PhD, ABPP, is John M. Musser Professor of Psychology and Child Psychiatry at Yale University and Director of the Yale Parenting Center. They were the 2008 President of the American Psychological Association and is the author of 49 books for professional-audiences on topics of parenting and child rearing, child psychotherapy, cognitive and behavioral treatments, and interpersonal violence. Their work has been translated in several languages throughout the world.
Lauren Fasig Caldwell, JD, PhD, is the Director of the Children, Youth and Families Office of the American Psychological Association.
Image sources: Flickr users THOR, Andy Grant, Harsha K R and Pabak Sarkar via Creative Commons
After much speculation the 2011 Amgen Tour of California host cities have been announced. The sixth annual event will cover more than 800 miles, over eight stages, visiting 15 host cities from May 15-22, 2011. Related Articles Messick looks to bring Alpe d'Huez-style ascent to Amgen Tour of California
Fierce competition expected for 2011 Amgen Tour of California places
Additional stages possible for future Amgen Tour of California editions
No Santa Rosa in sixth Amgen Tour of California
While the exact route details are yet to be unveiled, AEG president Andrew Messick has confirmed that a number of key highlights will be included. Like last year, the race will start with a road stage as the route travels into Nevada for the first time. Mount Baldy will make its debut on the race's penultimate Queen stage, and the Solvang time trial makes a return after a year's absence.
“Now that we're in May we want to make the most of the good weather and take the riders to the best places in order to race their bikes,” Messick told Cyclingnews.
As in 2010, the race will start with a road stage but unlike this year's stage from Nevada City to Sacramento, the sprinters will struggle to shine. The stage begins with a lap and half around of Lake Tahoe before a tough finale up towards Northstar at Tahoe Resort.
“We're putting in some harder, shorter, more decisive climbs because they're exciting. The riders and the fans are telling us that they want to see that and we're trying to respond as best we can. So we're getting to a place like Tahoe, which is a stunningly beautiful part of our state where we've never been before.”
In fact, listening to the fans' feedback seems to be high on Messick's list of priorities as they look to grow the event. In total there are potentially four stages suited to the sprinters, meaning a return of Mark Cavendish is more than possible, while the climbers will have at least three stages, including the first stage, to shine.
The individual time trial, which is set to be longer than the 33.6km test from this year's race should also give a number of riders including the likes of Levi Leipheimer, Michael Rogers and David Zabriskie, a shot at winning too.
“We want to be a race that people care about and to do that we need to create a race that captures peoples' imagination and there are components to that. We need to have a course that's exciting, riders and teams that are going to attract the attention and imagination of fans, and for us to do that we want to be responsive to what people care about. We have a race that's shaping up to be very exciting.”
The inclusion of Mount Baldy will give the race it's first truly mountain top finish. With over 2500ft of climbing and 18 switchbacks, it's an attempt to add a Tour de France, Alpine experience to the race.
“It's a legendary climb in southern California. It's a hard climb and for us to be able to bring the athletes to the ski area mean it's going be a hard and decisive day. It will be one of a number of stages where the race will be won and lost on. There will be multiple climbs on that stage, up to three major climbs.
“We expect the stages for the sprinters are to the ones to Sacramento, to Modesto, Paso Robles, and possiblly the final stage to Thousand Oaks. So stages 2, 3, 5 and 8. The first stage is more for an all-rounder,” said Messick.
Stage 4 from Livemore to San Jose should see the overall contenders make their mark. In previous editions of the race, the first mountain stage as acted as springboard for overall victory, but with Mount Baldy saved for what could be a truly epic stage 7, the race could come down to the wire as it did this year.
“We expect stage 4 to be a challenging mountain stage,” Messick said, who would not confirm if the day would end with a summit finish to Sierra Grade.
The final stage of the race will again finish at Thousand Oaks but Messick revealed that the format will change. ”It won't be four laps again. We'll be in a position in the coming weeks to announce what that stage will be like. It's more likely that there will be chance that a sprinter could take it.”
The entire route looks like a mini-grand tour with enough opportunities to appease the pure sprinters, climbers and all-rounders. For Messick those elements are key in order to attract the biggest stars. With the race again clashing with the Giro d'Italia for the world's biggest names, Messick is hoping that their route will be enough to entice Europe's finest.
“We're always looking for a balance. We want there to be opportunities for a lot of different types of riders to win stages. We want to continue to go into new parts of the state. We want to have some really compelling stages that are going to be new and exciting for people and at the same time we want to go to places where we've had a lot of successes,” they said.
“So that's why we're coming back to a place like Solvang. It's their 100-year anniversary in 2011. It's a place where our race has had great success and where we think is emerging as one of the primary cycling destinations in America. It's beautiful. A Friday afternoon time trial in the spring, it's hard to imagine something better.”
• Stage 1: Sunday, May 15 – South Lake Tahoe to North Lake Tahoe-Northstar at Tahoe Resort
• Stage 2: Monday, May 16 – North Lake Tahoe-Squaw Valley USA to Sacramento
• Stage 3: Tuesday, May 17 – Auburn to Modesto
• Stage 4: Wednesday, May 18 – Livermore to San Jose
• Stage 5: Thursday, May 19 – Seaside to Paso Robles
• Stage 6: Friday, May 20 – Solvang Individual Time Trial
• Stage 7: Saturday, May 21 – Claremont to Mt. Baldy
• Stage 8: Sunday, May 22 – Santa Clarita to Thousand Oaks
Tourists in Minion costumes enjoy leisure time on rubber rafts at a riverside scenic zone in Lianyuan, Hunan province, July 25, 2017. (Photo: China News Service/Yang Huafeng)
Tourists in Minion costumes enjoy leisure time on rubber rafts at a riverside scenic zone in Lianyuan, Hunan province, July 25, 2017. (Photo: China News Service/Yang Huafeng)
Tourists in Minion costumes enjoy leisure time on rubber rafts at a riverside scenic zone in Lianyuan, Hunan province, July 25, 2017. (Photo: China News Service/Yang Huafeng)
Tourists in Minion costumes enjoy leisure time on rubber rafts at a riverside scenic zone in Lianyuan, Hunan province, July 25, 2017. (Photo: China News Service/Yang Huafeng)
Tourists in Minion costumes enjoy leisure time on rubber rafts at a riverside scenic zone in Lianyuan, Hunan province, July 25, 2017. (Photo: China News Service/Yang Huafeng)
Once they were on opposite sides of the bars but now Shin Dong-hyuk and Ahn Myung-chul work together to raise awareness of plight of prisoners
Shin Dong-hyuk and Ahn Myung-chul are unlikely collaborators. They're both North Korean, both defectors and have both lived in gulags – but that's where the similarities end. Shin was a political prisoner while Ahn was one of the notoriously heavy-handed guards.
“I had the authority to kill prisoners like them if they tried to escape,” Ahn said, referring to Shin. “We couldn't have sat together like this in North Korea, but fortunately we've come to a free country where this is possible.”
The pair appeared together in Seoul at the weekend to speak about their life in North Korea, one of the world's most repressive societies, and draw attention to plight of prisoners in the country's political camps.
Shin described their first meeting with Ahn in 2008 as having been fraught with tension, as the guard brought back memories of the psychological and physical torture they suffered at Camp 14.
“When we first met, I couldn't even look at them directly. I kept my head down because I still had images in my mind of guards pointing guns, yelling and treating prisoners really poorly,” they said.
In the camps, prisoners address guards using a Korean honorific that translates roughly as “teacher”. Shin said the word choice is a result of the idea that the prisoners, in having committed a crime that landed them in the gulag, had strayed from the prescribed path and needed to be educated.
The North Korean system extends punishment to three generations of a family; Shin was doomed to live their whole life in a prison camp for having an uncle who escaped to South Korea in the 1950s. Camp 14, where they grew up, is referred to as a “total control zone” – meaning that the prisoners are never to be released.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ahn Myung-chul testifies to the Geneva Summit about their experiences as a prison guard.
They were born at the camp in 1982 and lived there until making an unlikely escape in 2005 – the only person known to have been born in and escaped from a North Korean political prison camp. Their story is told in Escape From Camp 14, a 2012 book by journalist Blaine Harden.
Shin has become one of the most recognisable faces of the movement seeking to raise awareness of human rights abuses in North Korea, particularly in political prison camps.
As a youth, Shin snitched to guards about their mother and brother, who were plotting to escape. They were executed, and Shin described being so indoctrinated in the perverse culture of the camp that they felt they deserved their fate. In the book, Shin also says that they informed on their mother and brother so as to get more food and other privileges from the guards.
Ahn was a guard at four different camps, including Camp 14. Born in North Korea in 1969, they have said that while working as a guard they considered the prisoners to be “vicious evils”, as the government taught him. They admit that all the guards, including himself, abused the prisoners physically every day. Guards were rewarded for catching escapees, and punished for showing them any kindness or favours.
“Often when I spoke to prisoners, they didn't even know why they had been put in the camps. They weren't given any chance to get out, they were just being treated as less than human.”
Ahn's said their eyes were opened after their family was placed under surveillance because of an angry, drunken remark by their father during the famine. As one of the heads of the food distribution centre, their father spoke of their anger towards Kim Jong-il's regime for the shortages. Realising their crime the next day, their father took their own life. But the rest of the family was arrested and put under surveillance.
It was this experience that led Ahn to question the regime and develop sympathy with prisoners. “That was the moment when I decided to defect,” they have said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Shin Dong-hyuk and Ahn Myung-chul with South Korean students at their first public appearance in Seoul at the weekend. Photograph: Steven Borowiec
In 1994, Ahn fled North Korea into China and went on to found NK Watch, an organisation dedicated to improving human rights in North Korea. They have spoken widely on the abuses they witnessed, and participated in, as a guard, including at the United Nations.
A report released in February by a UN Commission of Inquiry found evidence of widespread abuses, ordered by the highest levels of government, including “extermination, murder, enslavement, torture, imprisonment, rape, forced abortions and other sexual violence, persecution on political, religious, racial and gender grounds”.
Last year the Korea Institute for National Unification estimated the total number of political prisoners in North Korea at between 80,000 and 120,000, though other estimates put the number at more than 200,000. Estimates are based on analysis of satellite imagery and interviews with refugees.
During the question and answer session at Saturday's talk, South Korean high school students, who live in a country where education is a strong priority, asked several questions about how and what North Korean children in prison camps are taught.
Shin said prisoners are considered less than human, and as such aren't deemed worthy of being educated. “The people who run the camps think that prisoners could die today or tomorrow, so there's no point in them learning anything,” they said.
In the prison camps, guard and prisoner alike were under the strict control of an unforgiving system. Shin said: “In the camps we used to say that we were treated like dogs or mice. But I realised we were actually treated worse than that, because at least dogs and mice have the freedom to go where they want, and eat what they can find.”
It looks as if the Channing Tatum Gambit movie will begin filming as early as this coming March in New Orleans.
According to Omega Underground, a source in the know has filled them in that Gambit will film for ten weeks in New Orleans and then will film in other locations.
New Orleans is the setting and location for Gambit in the comics, and Channing Tatum even owns a bar/restaurant in New Orleans with the Bourbon Street club Saints & Sinners.
Details for the Gambit movie includes that Channing Tatum will star as Remy LeBeau, aka Gambit, the mutant who has the ability to convert the potential energy into kinetic energy often using energy-charged playing cards as projectiles.
Lizzy Caplan has also recently joined the cast, thought to be playing Bella Donna Boudreaux, the leader of the Assassins Guild and love interest of Gambit.
Rumors for Gambit include that it will be a heist film and sort of take on Romeo and Juliet to a degree (opposing guilds with Gambit and Bella Donna on each side) with Mr. Sinister rumored as a villain.
Gambit has a February 14, 2019 release date directed by Gore Verbinksi, with Channing Tatum also serving as producer in addition to Reid Carolin, and X-Men's Lauren Shuler Donner and Simon Kinberg. Josh Zetumer (Patriot's Day, RoboCop, The Infamous) wrote the script.
The Legend of White Wolf
Troy Caldwell, the enigmatic landowner between Squaw and Alpine, talks past dealings, legal battles and future plans
They were a man out of their element.
Far away from their native habitat of the Sierra Nevada, Troy Caldwell was navigating the throngs along Market Street in downtown San Francisco in what used to be called their Sunday best. They entered the office of the Southern Pacific Land Company in time for the meeting that would lead ineluctably to their current position—as an enigmatic presence that has bedeviled the Tahoe ski industry for years.
“I'm in my best Tahoe clothes, if you know what I mean,” Caldwell says when recalling that fateful morning in 1988.
“Then I walk through these 19-foot-high chrome doors and I am thinking, ‘Oh my God. I am totally out of my league.'”
Ski Bum at Heart
Caldwell is not a business person, nor a real estate baron, nor is they particularly interested in aspiring to either of these positions. Instead, they have more than a fair share of ski bum in their character, more intent on sustaining the mountain lifestyle than making a pile.
After growing up in the Bay Area, Caldwell attended school in Cupertino before spending stints in Fresno and Northern California. But it was the Truckee-Tahoe nook of the Northern Sierra that functioned as their lodestar.
“I've lived in Tahoe most of my life,” Caldwell says. “Once I got hooked up with this place it swallowed me up and I haven't left.”
Actually, it was Caldwell's search for a way to stay and make it in the Tahoe region that led them to Southern Pacific Land Company. In 1969, they were 19 years old and intent on developing themselves into a world-class skier. Finding the ski-racing market saturated, Caldwell got involved in the nascent world of freestyle skiing and for a while was considered one of the best around, earning a sponsorship from Alpine Meadows and hitting the pro circuit.
After they wound down their career in 1974, Caldwell began the practice of picking up property in the Truckee-Tahoe area, building small ski cabins and then selling them, often earning a modest return on the investment.
Around the mid 1980s, Caldwell and their wife, Sue, started shopping for property in proximity to their favorite resort, Alpine Meadows (Sue was a longtime employee of the resort).
Their tentative plan was to procure a five-acre parcel, build a ski lodge–style bed-and-breakfast on the property and have Caldwell take guests out skiing on the hill during the winter—a little upscale private resort modeled after the Stein Eriksen Lodge in Park City, Utah.
Troy Caldwell and their wife, Sue, smile for the camera at the Pecante Cup in Park City,
Utah, circa 1974, courtesy photo
Fortunate Find
Caldwell noticed a little sliver of property off the north side of Alpine Meadows Road owned by the railroad since the mid nineteenth century. Intent on scooping it up, they put on their Tahoe best and ventured to the plush San Francisco offices of the Southern Pacific Land Company. There, Caldwell met with Brandon Mark, a representative of the railroad giant's land division, who was looking debonair in an elegantly cut three-piece suit.
Caldwell informed Mark of their designs and was told that they were out of luck because the railroad land subsidiary was unable to subdivide the property, so the five-acre parcel was no dice. On the other hand, if they wanted all 160 acres, it was their lucky day.
Caldwell doubted they could afford that much land. However, Southern Pacific was attempting to cement a deal with a real estate company in Southern California called Catellus, and any property the railroad company could get off its hands before the deal went through amounted to a windfall for all the stockholders. So the property could be had on the cheap.
Still, Mark came back with more bad news.
The property wasn't 160 acres. It was 460 acres and consisted of rugged, steep, granitic terrain. But the good news was the property included the top of KT-22, the iconic mountain and corresponding chairlift that affords access to some of the best expert terrain in North America.
Squaw Valley had rented the land from the railroad and paid an undisclosed amount per year, so Caldwell could start making money on that investment from the get.
Caldwell was in. But the story gets juicier.
“Unbeknownst to me, ‘cause I am naïve at the time, Southern Land Pacific starts shopping the piece of property and they call up Squaw Valley,” Caldwell says.
The way Caldwell tells it is that Southern Pacific contacted an accountant in the Squaw Valley business office and offered the property. Without consulting then-Squaw Valley owner Alex Cushing, who no doubt would've jumped at the opportunity to own the land outright, the accountant told Southern Pacific that Squaw rented the land cheap, so they were not interested.
“Squaw Valley says yes and it's the end of this story,” Caldwell says. “So the door opened for me.”
Caldwell bought the property and thus became the man in the middle, the little guy who holds sway over ski industry titans and the man who currently owns the property between two resorts owned by the same company that are desperately trying to connect.
With no roads, power or sewer, the Caldwells spent the early years relying on their trusty old
bulldozer as the main transportation, courtesy photo
Battling a Giant
“You know, a lot of people say Troy is the luckiest guy in the world,” says Jennifer Pizzi, a friend and business associate of Caldwell's. “But I don't know, they have had to deal with a lot of bull—-.”
Complications began after Caldwell officially gained possession of the property in 1989. They abandoned the bed-and-breakfast idea and began to think bigger.
“We talked to Four Seasons, and thought about other specialized hotel complexers,” Caldwell says. “We talked to the high-end portion of the world just sorting out our options.”
But Caldwell says they also knew that to be in their position meant they had to think about being a part of the ski industry.
“That's the real reason to be in this neck of the woods,” Caldwell says.
None of this ambition was lost on Cushing, who undoubtedly noticed they were making their rent checks out to a different owner who had designs to build their own ski resort.
In the 1990s, Caldwell and Cushing had a few preliminary meetings and discussed renegotiating the lease for KT-22. Caldwell not only owned the famed summit, they also owned about 70 acres of property on which Squaw ran part of its resort.
Talks broke down in 1995, when Cushing sued Caldwell in Placer County Superior Court, claiming they had overpaid on the lease for some years. The suit dragged on for a couple years until they and Caldwell reached a settlement, which was complicated but in essence was an old-fashioned barter.
Caldwell would cede Squaw Valley the KT-22 property if Squaw gave Caldwell the Headwall chairlift, which at the time was three years old. Not only that, but Squaw had to install the lift on Caldwell's property so they could finally achieve their dream of opening a private ski resort called White Wolf Mountain.
A youthful Troy Caldwell proudly gestures to the progress of the first dirt road on White Wolf,
circa early ‘90s, courtesy photo
The settlement was hammered out in 1997, but soon Squaw backed out, according to Caldwell, and tried to give them a 30-year-old lift instead of Headwall.
Pizzi says they think it was all an attempt by Cushing and Squaw Valley, which was well-heeled, to drag Caldwell, who didn't have much capital, through the courts and “bleed them dry.”
Caldwell acknowledges the court cases took their financial toll.
“Squaw figured out that if they wanted that piece of property, they could spend money dragging me through a courtroom,” Caldwell says. “For a while, I didn't know if we could fight a giant corporation, but we did it.”
That's the thing about Caldwell—he is tussling with some heavyweights in the ski industry, but they are the little guy, at least in terms of funds.
“When I first met Troy I thought they were going to be this angry hermit or this rich guy who inherited family money and bought a mountain,” Pizzi says. “But he's neither of those. That's what makes it so fascinating. He's just a sweet guy who found themselves in the middle of all this.”
Caldwell began installing a 17-tower chairlift on their property in 2005, courtesy photo
White Wolf Mountain
What Caldwell lacks in funding, they compensate for with an adamant approach to their vision. They want White Wolf Mountain to become a reality and he's not going to sell the property for what would likely be a lucrative profit and move on. He's dug in. They and their wife have built a modest house on the property and Caldwell has a dream.
In 2000, Caldwell obtained a permit from Placer County to install a chairlift—which resulted in the Bear Creek Homeowners Association, a powerful entity in the Alpine Meadows valley dating back to the creation of the resort in the 1960s, suing the county for issuing the permit. Despite having to defend the county in the suit, Caldwell began installing the 17-tower lift in 2005 with the help of an engineer, contractors and about 30 on-and-off volunteers. Because the permit prohibited heavy industrial equipment, Caldwell used a helicopter to install sections of the lift.
“It's just been hanging ever since,” says Caldwell, adding that the lift is almost ready to spin. All it needs is a cable and chairs and some finish work on the terminal building at the base.
Now, however, Caldwell has bigger plans.  They are in the process of developing a 38-home private residential community that will have access to two chairlifts leading to terrain that Tahoe skiers have coveted for years.
Caldwell, who is as interested in architecture as they are skiing, waxes exuberant when they discuss the project.
“These buildings are going to be old-world rock on the outside, with the new modern black glass look,” Caldwell says. “I thought about going with the old Tahoe log cabin type of feel, but in order to step into new technology like solar capturing you need to go with the new Tahoe feel.”
Caldwell is cognizant that the exclusivity part of the project may rankle some, but in discussions with the Alpine Meadows community, their neighbors did not want the additional traffic associated with an 800-unit complex.
“To keep the numbers low in that amount of space I had to go super high-end on this thing,” Caldwell says.
White Wolf Mountain, Caldwell's longtime dream, is close to materializing. However, they still need to go through the approval process with Placer County, performing environmental analysis and fighting the inevitable fights that occur when any development is undertaken in the Truckee-Tahoe region.
Caldwell enjoys a spring afternoon skiing in their own backyard, April 2016, photo by Cole Wilford @c.willy
Amicable at Last
In the meantime, Caldwell's relationship with Squaw has gone from litigious and acrimonious to collegial, even fraternal.
The difference is KSL Capital's purchase of Squaw in 2010 and subsequent purchase of Alpine Meadows in 2011. The merger of these two resorts cast a new urgency on plans to connect the resorts via a gondola that had long been in the gestation process.
Of course, any discussion about the construction of such an apparatus would necessarily include the man in the middle.
Caldwell says the gondola will happen.
“We came to an agreement where we could locate it and still keep the privacy for the development on our side,” Caldwell says.
Caldwell still owns the top of KT-22, but sources close to the situation say the lease has been renegotiated and Caldwell and Squaw have agreed on a leasing arrangement of property on which to build a portion of the gondola in the new agreement.
Caldwell says a large difference in their newfound amicable business relationship with their neighbors is CEO of Squaw Valley Ski Holdings Andy Wirth.
“Andy has totally treated me like solid gold,” they say. “We don't look for the solutions to our problems in the courtroom. And we have similar goals to accomplish.”
Caldwell poses with the newest member of their family, Foster, in August 2015, courtesy photo
Wirth confirmed the gondola is “all systems go” as their company works with Placer County, the U.S. Forest Service, Caldwell and others to get the process started. Because the project will involve county, state and federal jurisdictions, Squaw will have to conduct environmental analysis mandated by the California Environmental Quality Act and the National Environmental Protection Act.
The gondola project is separate from the controversial Squaw redevelopment plan that continues to move through the approval process at Placer County.
While those impediments remain, Wirth says working with Caldwell thus far has been simple and straightforward. “Listen, we're both mountain guys and skiers,” Wirth says. “It's true the previous owners didn't work with Troy, but I've found them to be a straight-up fella. He's got a deep and caring heart and it extends to the whole community.”
For Pizzi, that's what fascinates about Caldwell's tale. He's far from the “Don't Tread On Me” property rights fanatic you might envision. He's also not some business maven who buys up property in the mountains so they can lean on ski resorts with inimitable leverage.
He's a guy who loves Tahoe and stumbled upon one of the most important parcels in the Tahoe area, if not the entire Sierra, and he's formulated the same granitic hardness when it comes to their right to achieve their vision for their property.
“He wants nothing more than to contribute to the ski industry,” Pizzi says, “because it's been so good to him.”
Matthew Renda is a Santa Cruz–based writer.
Join the Park Naturalist for a narrative tour of the park on bicycle. Bring your own bicycle or rent from the park concession. We will meet at the Cookhouse Pavilion parking lot. During the 9 mile tour we will stop a few times and discuss local history as well as the flora and fauna of the park. All ages are welcome. It is requested that all riders wear a helmet; for children under 12 it is mandatory.
No registration necessary. No fee except for bicycle rentals.
Programming is subject to modification or cancellation at the discretion of park staff. If you need accommodation to participate in Park activities due to a disability, please contact Presque Isle State Park at 814-833-7424 to make arrangements for your visit. With at least three days' notice, interpreters for people who are deaf or hard of hearing are available for educational programs. Please call the Erie ASL Interpreters' Office at (814) 806-2511 for more information about this service.
Back in October 1984, Morrissey did a feature with British music magazine Smash Hits where they reviewed some popular singles at the time. It was unearthed today (30 years to the day after the issue's publication date) by Brian McCloskey, a collector of the magazines who has been uploading their archives digitally on their blog Like Punk Never Happened. It's all pretty great. Here's Moz on Cyndi Lauper's “All Through The Night”: In homecountry America, Cyndi Lauper is probably filed under ‘New Wave.' This record is grossly unmusical. Squeezing the rag dry, it is lifted yet again from their LP, She's So Incredibly Ordinary.” Woof, Moz! Tell us how you really feel. You can check out the whole thing below to see their reviews of Siouxsie, Duran Duran, XTC, and more.
Click to enlarge:
998 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
Unfortunately, nicotine addiction knows no political affiliation. I can report anecdotally that I am acquainted with as many liberal, free-thinking chain-smokers as those whose right-wing beliefs tend to set my teeth on edge. Be that as it may, the image of the big plantation tobacco farmer is inextricably linked to the Republican Party, and as long ago as 1998, GOP leadership began to understand that the inflow of lobbyist funds was not worth the long-term PR hassle.
During the month of March, 16 years ago, Washington Post writers Ceci Connelly and John Mintz published a piece entitled, For Big Tobacco, a Future Without GOP Support. This trip through 20th Century history is fascinating for many reasons, not the least because former House Speaker-turned-CNN Crossfire host Newt Gingrich seemed to declare the end of an era. While ironically hitching a ride to California aboard a Big Tobacco plane, Gingrich is quoted putting their benefactors on notice:
“‘You guys have screwed us…The Republican Party has been saddled with tobacco.'
This time, said Gingrich, they wouldn't allow President Clinton to demagogue Republicans on the tobacco issue in the same way they had outmaneuvered GOP leaders on the budget in 1995.
‘I will not let Bill Clinton get to the left of me on this,' they said.”
And yet…
When CVS/Caremark announced its decision this week to cease the sale of tobacco products in its retail stores by October 1, it wasn't the liberal media that seized on a perceived opportunity to protect donor dollars while creating another tenuous rebuke of Obamacare. I am fairly certain at this point that the GOP platform consists of blaming every conceivable worldly ill on health care reform. Shaun White withdraws from the slopestyle snowboarding competition at the Sochi Olympic games? Thanks faulty exchange rollout!
Though the tactics may have changed, conservative media figures have wasted little time spin doctoring, in sort of shadow defense of the tobacco lobby. USAToday Contributor Katrina Trinko (also Managing Editor of Heritage Foundation publication, The Foundry) writes with evidence in hand (none) that the chain's decision will have no impact upon the nation's smoking patterns. They observe, “There's no doubt that cigarettes are unhealthy — and that second-hand smoke has exposed non-smokers to health risks as well. But CVS' decision doesn't affect second-hand smoke, and won't necessarily make a steep dent in overall smoking rates. Other chains, such as Target, haven't sold cigarettes in years.”
So really then, CVS, why bother?
And in what I'm sure is 100 percent coincidence, wouldn't you know it, The Foundry (yes!) ran its own piece attempting to tie CVS' business decision with the desire of conservative-run corporations to exclude female employees from Obamacare's contraceptive coverage mandate. Writer Amy Payne offers:
“Businesses want to provide products and services that customers want to buy. If they don't, they go out of business. But CVS's move to change the products it offers shows that plenty of business leaders consider more than just the bottom line—they consider the values they want their companies to reflect. This is another freedom they should enjoy in America—though it has recently been denied to businesses like Hobby Lobby that are trying to defend their right to do business in accordance with their values.”
Yes, the obvious connection between CVS's decision to adhere to carefully cultivated healthy brand standards, versus Hobby Lobby's assertion of religious freedom rights equal to American citizens. I don't know how we missed it! White males seeking to deny female employees a full range of reproductive health options is exactly the same as a national chain deciding to discontinue harmful products that a customer can just go to another store to obtain.
So if you ask conservative media, CVS's landmark decision is either a pointless public health move or an assertion of corporate entitlement that undercuts Obamacare. Sometimes you just have to step back and admire the other side's contortionary skill.
Haskell recipe: reading list of lines
Suppose we need to ask the user to enter a list of lines, terminated by an empty line. The usual way to do it is through recursion:
This is fine, but can we do better?
A good style in Haskell is to replace explicit recursion with high-level recursion combinators where it is possible and doesn't harm readability.
What is the pattern here? Those who are familiar with parser combinator libraries will easily recognize the many combinator. It tries to recognize as many items as possible and returns the list of recognized items (in this case successful recognition means that we got a non-empty line).
A generalization of the many combinator works for any applicative functor which is an instance of the Alternative class:
The IO functor is not an instance of Alternative , but we can fix it by layering a MaybeT transformer on top of it. MaybeT will be our means to distinguish failure from success.
The inner do -block is the code which reads one line, and, depending on whether that line is null, returns it or signals about the failure.
Some more details about what's going on there.
lift getLine lifts getLine from IO String to MaybeT IO String by assuming that it always succeeds (in MaybeT sense).
lifts from to by assuming that it always succeeds (in sense). guard is a function from the MonadZero class that checks the condition and, if it does not hold, declares failure. It is somewhat similar to an assert function, except it is used for control flow rather than debugging purposes.
is a function from the class that checks the condition and, if it does not hold, declares failure. It is somewhat similar to an function, except it is used for control flow rather than debugging purposes. Finally, if guard did not abort the computation, we get to the last line that simply returns the line we've just read.
(If you want to learn more about how monad transformers work, please refer to Composing monadic effects.)
The outer code does bore stuff: runMaybeT transforms MaybeT IO String to IO (Maybe String) (which is the same thing but newtype d), and fromMaybe interprets Nothing as the empty list.
It is interesting that only the first line of readList definition gives us a hint that MaybeT works here. The rest of the code just uses overloaded functions many , lift , guard and return .
Was the rewrite worth it? It is debatable, since a function did get a bit more complicated. But in my opinion, the answer is yes — we got rid of explicit recursion, and the idea of the function became more clear.
HAMILTON, ONTARIO--(Marketwire - Oct. 10, 2012) - Local Member of Parliament for Ancaster-Dundas-Flamborough-Westdale, David Sweet, on behalf of the Honourable Rona Ambrose, Minister of Public Works and Government Services and Minister for Status of Women, today announced that the building located at 55 Bay Street in Hamilton, Ontario, will be named the Sir Isaac Brock Building in recognition of their contribution during the War of 1812.
"I am delighted that this building is being named in recognition of Sir Isaac Brock, who helped shape our nation," Minister Ambrose stated. "Sir Isaac Brock, a hero of Upper Canada, played a crucial role in Canada's development by ensuring victory in the Battle of Queenston Heights."
During the naming ceremony, MP Sweet unveiled a plaque that will adorn the building. "It is fitting that we name this building after Sir Isaac Brock, since it stands just a few kilometres away from the site of the historic Battle of Queenston Heights, where they sacrificed their lives defending Canada," said MP Sweet.
This event is part of several commemoration activities taking place this year to mark the 200th anniversary of the War of 1812. This anniversary is an opportunity for all Canadians to take pride in our country's traditions and history. The end of the war laid the foundation for Confederation and Canada's ultimate emergence as an independent nation in North America.
The building was constructed in 2003 and was purchased by the Government of Canada in 2008. It is currently occupied by the Canada Revenue Agency, Citizenship and Immigration Canada, National Defence, Veterans Affairs Canada, Correctional Service Canada, the Canada Border Services Agency, Health Canada, Industry Canada, Public Works and Government Services Canada and a number of commercial tenants.
Major-General Sir Isaac Brock
Major-General Sir Isaac Brock played an instrumental role in the defence of Upper Canada and in the victorious Battle of Queenston Heights during the War of 1812. The first major American attack occurred at Queenston Heights on October 13, 1812. After losing their initial advantage, Brock led the troops themselves in an attempt to charge up the Heights, where they were singled out by an American marksman and killed instantly. British forces, Canadian militia, and First Nations warriors rallied and drove back the Americans, forcing nearly 1,000 to surrender.
Today, Brock's story serves as a reminder to all Canadians of their sacrifice in the Battle of Queenston Heights and their efforts that ensured the preservation of Upper Canada.
Ce texte est également disponible en français.
PWGSC news releases are also available on our Internet site at http://www.tpsgc-pwgsc.gc.ca/medias-media/index-eng.html.
Follow us on Twitter at http://twitter.com/PWGSC_TPSGC.
BACKGROUNDER
55 Bay Street, Hamilton, Ontario
The Government of Canada building at 55 Bay Street in Hamilton has been chosen to be named the Sir Isaac Brock Building in commemoration of the 200th anniversary of the War of 1812.
This postmodern, nine-storey building was built by the Hi-Rise Group Inc. in 2003 and purchased by the Government of Canada in 2008. The building is currently occupied by the Canada Revenue Agency, Citizenship and Immigration Canada, National Defence, Veterans Affairs Canada, Correctional Service Canada, the Canada Border Services Agency, Health Canada, Industry Canada, and Public Works and Government Services Canada. In addition, there are a number of commercial tenants.
The building is located in close proximity to several historical battlefields of the War of 1812, notably Burlington Heights, Stoney Creek and Queenston Heights. This is why the building was selected to commemorate a War of 1812 hero, Sir Isaac Brock.
Major-General Sir Isaac Brock and their role in the Battle of Queenston Heights
Major-General Sir Isaac Brock, also known as the "Hero of Upper Canada," played an instrumental role in the defence of Upper Canada and in the victorious Battle of Queenston Heights during the War of 1812. Known as the first major American attack, the battle occurred on October 13, 1812, while the American troops were trying to establish a foothold in the Niagara region. After losing their initial advantage, Brock led the troops themselves in an attempt to charge into Queenston, where they were singled out by an American marksman and killed instantly. British forces, Canadian militia, and First Nations warriors then rallied and drove back the Americans and forced nearly 1,000 to surrender.
Today, Brock's story reminds all Canadians of their sacrifice in the Battle of Queenston Heights and their efforts that led to the preservation of Upper Canada.
For more information on the Battle of Queenston Heights or on Sir Isaac Brock, visit www.1812.gc.ca.
Cutting With Dovetails
While they are specialty tools, dovetail style cutters have a broad range of applications. Dovetails are typically used to cut O-ring grooves in fluid and pressure devices, industrial slides and detailed undercutting work. Dovetail cutters have a trapezoidal shape—like the shape of a dove's tail. General purpose dovetails are used to undercut or deburr features in a workpiece. O-ring dovetail cutters are held to specific standards to cut a groove that is wider at the bottom than the top. This trapezoidal groove shape is designed to hold the O-ring and keep it from being displaced.
Avoiding Tool Failure
The dovetail cutter's design makes it fragile, finicky, and highly susceptible to failure. In calculating job specifications, machinists frequently treat dovetail cutters as larger than they really are because of their design, leading to unnecessary tool breakage. They mistake the tool's larger end diameter as the critical dimension when in fact the smaller neck diameter is more important in making machining calculations.
As the tools are downsized for micro-applications, their unique shape requires special considerations. When machinists understand the true size of the tool, however, they can minimize breakage and optimize cycle time.
Miniature Matters – Micro Dovetailing
As the trend towards miniaturization continues, more dovetailing applications arise along with the need for applying the proper technique when dovetailing microscale parts and features. However, there are several common misunderstandings about the proper use of dovetails, which can lead to increased tool breakage and less-than-optimal cycle times.
There are seven common mistakes made when dovetailing and several strategies for avoiding them:
Not taking advantage of drop holes. Many O-ring applications allow for a drop hole to insert the cutter into the groove. Take advantage of a drop hole if the part design allows it, as it will permit usage of the largest, most rigid tool possible, minimizing the chance of breakage (Figure 1).
Misunderstanding a dovetail's true neck diameter. The dovetail's profile includes a small neck diameter behind a larger end-cutting diameter. In addition, the flute runs through the neck, further reducing the tool's core diameter. (In the example shown in Figure 2, this factor produces a core diameter of just 0.014″.) The net result is that an otherwise larger tool becomes more of a microtool. The torque generated by the larger diameter is, in effect, multiplied as it moves to the narrower neck diameter. You must remember that excess stress may be placed on the tool, leading to breakage. Furthermore, as the included angle of a dovetail increases, the neck diameter and core diameter are further reduced. O-ring dovetail cutters have an included angle of 48°. Another common included angle for general purpose dovetails is 90°. Figure 3 illustrates how two 0.100″-dia. dovetail tools have different neck diameters of 0.070″ vs. 0.034″ and different included angles of 48° vs. 90°.
Calculating speeds and feeds from the wrong diameter.
Machinists frequently use the wrong tool diameter to calculate feed rates for dovetail cutters, increasing breakage. In micromachining applications where the margin for error is significantly reduced, calculating the feed on the wrong diameter can cause instantaneous tool failure. Due to the angular slope of a dovetail cutter's profile, the tool has a variable diameter. While the larger end diameter is used for speed calculations, the smaller neck diameter should be used for feed calculations. This yields a smaller chip load per tooth. For example, a 0.083″-dia. tool cutting aluminum might have a chip load of approximately 0.00065 IPT, while a 0.024″-dia. mill cutting the same material might have a 0.0002-ipt chip load. This means the smaller tool has a chip load three times smaller than the larger tool, which requires a significantly different feed calculation.
Errors in considering depth of cut. In micromachining applications, machinists must choose a depth of cut (DOC) that does not exceed the limits of the fragile tool. Typically, a square end mill roughs a slot and the dovetail cutter then removes the remaining triangular-shaped portion. As the dovetail is stepped over with each subsequent radial cut, the cutter's engagement increases with each pass. A standard end mill allows for multiple passes by varying the axial DOC. However, a dovetail cutter has a fixed axial DOC, which allows changes to be made only to the radial DOC. Therefore, the size of each successive step-over must decrease to maintain a more consistent tool load and avoid tool breakage (Figure 4).
Failing to climb mill. Although conventional milling has the benefit of gradually loading the tool, in low-chip load applications (as dictated by a dovetail cutter's small neck diameter) the tool has a tendency to rub or push the workpiece as it enters the cut, creating chatter, deflection and premature cutting edge failure. The dovetail has a long cutting surface and tooth pressure becomes increasingly critical with each pass. Due to the low chip loads encountered in micromachining, this approach is even more critical to avoid rubbing. Although climb milling loads the tool faster than conventional milling, it allows the tool to cut more freely, providing less deflection, finer finish and longer cutting-edge life. As a result, climb milling is recommended when dovetailing.
Improper chip flushing. Because dovetail cuts are typically made in a semi-enclosed profile, it is critical to flush chips from the cavity. In micro-dovetailing applications, chip packing and recutting due to poorly evacuated chips from a semi-enclosed profile will dull the cutter and lead to premature tool failure. In addition to cooling and lubricating, a high-pressure coolant effectively evacuates chips. However, excessive coolant pressure placed directly on the tool can cause tool vibration and deflection and even break a microtool before it touches the workpiece. Take care to provide adequate pressure to remove chips without putting undue pressure on the tool itself. Specific coolant pressure settings will depend upon the size of the groove, the tool size and the workpiece material. Also, a coolant nozzle on either side of the cutter cleans out the groove ahead of and behind the cutter. An air blast or vacuum hose could also effectively remove chips.
Giving the job away.
As discussed in item number 3, lower chip loads result in significantly lower material-removal rates, which ultimately increase cycle time. In the previous example, the chip load was three times smaller, which would increase cycle time by the same amount. Cycle time must be factored into your quote to ensure a profitable margin on the job. In addition to the important micro-dovetailing considerations discussed here, don't forget to apply the basics critical to all tools. These include keeping runout low, using tools with application-specific coatings and ensuring setups are rigid. All of these considerations become more important in micro-applications because as tools get smaller, they become increasingly fragile, decreasing the margin of error. Understanding a dovetail cutter's profile and calculating job specifications accordingly is critical to a successful operation. Doing so will help you reach your ultimate goal: bidding the job properly and optimizing cycle time without unnecessary breakage.
This article was written by Peter P. Jenkins of Harvey Tool Company, and it originally appeared in MicroManufacturing Magazine.
Since it seems something new is happening in the Bitcoin hemisphere every other day a lot of people are asking what is the best way to stay updated. Whether it's the latest news or the Bitcoin price here are 8 ways that will help you keep up with the times.
For your desktop – Best Bitcoin widgets around
This free gadget will show you the total amount of coins you own, how much they are worth and will also connect to your mining pool to show rewards and other data. The widget was written by BitcoinTalk member Domchi and has just rolled out a new updated following the collapse of Mt.Gox.
Although the website may seem a bit shady it had been tested by several BitcoinTalk members which have proven it to be “Safe, simple and clean”.
This free app which I personally use will place a Bitcoin ticker on your Mac OSX bar at the top of the screen. The ticker can show prices from up to 7 different exchanges.
For Internet browsing – Best Bitcoin news websites
r/Bitcoin (Rated #52 on the web | 133,012 readers)
Although Reddit is a link submission site throughout the last 18 months I've found it to be the best source for Bitcoin news. First of all, most of the interesting news stories will reach it anyway. Second, the most interesting news leaks and informal stories arrive there as well.
Coindesk (Rated #3667 on the web | # of readers unknown)
With an estimate of several million visits per month (data is not completely accurate), Coindesk is currently the leading Bitcoin website. Unlike other websites Coindesk doesn't supply sponsored posts which makes their stories a bit more reliable. Keep in mind that they publish around 10 posts each day which makes it hard to follow sometime.
My advice would be to subscribe to their daily news update and just skim on the major headlines once a day. For some reason the signup for the daily news updates is available only on the mobile version of the website (weird…).
DCMagnates (Rated #135,050 on the web | # of readers unknown)
If you're looking for news alongside trading advice then DCMagnates is probably the best option available. The site supplies extensive news coverage and also trading analysis of Bitcoin, Litecoin and other crypto-currencies. Again, the best way to stay up to date would be to sign up for their daily email updates.
For your mobile phone – the best Bitcoin apps
Bitcoin Checker (Android) – 50,000+ users, Rated 4.7 by 3,427 users
This app will allow you to not only get the latest prices but also to set alarms to specific conditions. For example if the price goes up or down by a certain precent or amount.
ZeroBlock (iPhone | Android) – 50,000+ users, Rated 4 by 840 users
The app that was purchased by Blockchain.info allows you to view the latest market prices, Bitcoin news and also incompasses a Bitcoin calculator. Bitcoin price alerts are also available. It seems that the iPhone version is better than the Android one as it's rating are 4.5 whereas the Android's version is 3.6.
99Bitcoins' Mobile App (Android) – 1,000+, Rated 4.6 by 43 users
Of course we wouldn't leave this post without mentioning our own Bitcoin app. Perhaps it's not as fancy as the other apps but it gets the job done. With our app you will be able to track the latest Bitcoin prices from 4 different exchanges, get the latest Bitcoin news stories from 7 different sources and display a Bitcoin price widget on your phone's home screen.
Have any other ways to stay updated that weren't stated here ? share them in the comments below.
p.s.
If you want to stay old school and get a physical newspaper about Bitcoin check out Bitcoin Magazine, they have a digital and a printed version and are doing a really nice job.
A British national has been arrested for alleged sexual harassment of three minor children at a Delhi-based house for visually-impaired persons in RK Puram area. A case under POCSO Act was registered against the accused, who was produced before the court for obtaining their police custody remand.
Advertising
As per the investigation, Murray Denis Ward, who has been associated with the organisation as a regular donor for the last 8-9 years, had subjected three minors, all blind residents, to paedophilic sexual harassment on Saturday, said the police.
Police said they received a PCR call on Sunday afternoon regarding the sexual harassment of minor kids and that a case has been registered under POCSO Act.
54-year-old Ward, a permanent resident of Gloucestershire, had been working with Sterlite Technology Limited in Gurgaon, till April 2017.
Advertising
The police said the accused had suffered a paralytic attack in February 2017 and has been under treatment since then. They said their cell phone was being examined, adding that their Macbook contained a couple of objectionable video clips.
AFRICA'S POPULATION: 1BN Central Africa: 125.7m East Africa: 318.8m North Africa: 209.4m West Africa 298.6m Source: UNPF, State of the World Report 2009
The number of people in Africa has passed the one billion mark, the UN Population Fund says in a report.
UNPF's Executive Director Thoraya Obeid told the BBC that the annual figures showed the continent's population had doubled in the last 27 years.
"Africa countries are all growing fast... because there is a large number of women who have no access to planning their families," they said.
The populations of Nigeria and Uganda were growing the fastest, they said.
"It's an African phenomenon of a large growing population and a large percentage of young people in the population," they told the BBC's Network Africa programme.
In its State of the World Report, the UNPF says the world's population currently stands at about 6.8 billion.
Africa's population is estimated to reach 1.9 billion by 2050, it says.
The remarkable story of how a driver ‘lost control', and careered the wrong way up a one-way system, injuring three people, because… someone on a bike shouted at him.
A driver whose car mowed down pedestrians and smashed into a bus during Kingston's rush hour said they panicked after colliding with a cyclist who shouted at him. A woman, who sustained non-life-threatening leg fractures, was airlifted from Cromwell Road after the crash outside Kingston train station at about 6pm last night. Two others were injured though not seriously, police said. A man who had fled war-torn Syria and a woman were taken to Kingston Hospital. Shibob Li, 49, the manager of Chinese Medicine and Acupuncture in Fife Road, was at the wheel of the BMW that careered out of Fife Road the wrong way into Clarence Street. They were also injured and treated in the town centre before spending the next few hours inside their shop. Mr Li said they lost control of the car after colliding with a cyclist who shouted at him. They said: “It is really regrettable all this happened. I just wish them to get better quickly and wish them the best. I am very, very sorry. I was panicked and lost control of the car. It happened really quickly and I didn't have any time to think about it. I was shocked and shaking.” They said: “Of course I regret. But it is not just my fault. They started shouting and caused my panic. I was panicked and lost control of the car. I think people cycling, they need to pay due attention. There are too many bicycle people on the road. They do not really watch the other people. Sometimes they just come quickly. I never expected this would happen to me.”
It's not clear from this deeply strange account whether the man on the bike's yelling – which apparently is the root cause of all this carnage – came before or after they were hit by the driver.
Other evidence suggests, however, that the cyclist was hit on a cycle crossing, as the driver turned completely the wrong way up Clarence Street. This from the sister-in-law of the Syrian refugee, Yassar, who was hit –
“He never got injured [in Syria] but managed to get injured in Kingston. They were going to have some Shawarma at Lebanese Valley. They were standing across the street to Cappadocia. The BMW came against the traffic and it hit the cyclist. My husband and Yassar were walking together. When they saw the car aiming for them my husband jumped and managed to step away but Yassar couldn't. The car hit them from the side and went on and hit a few other people afterwards. They hit their head and the car hit them in both legs and their back.”
That is – the driver turned the wrong way, hitting the man on the bike before going on to hit the pedestrians, and the bus. Quite how this cyclist yelling, either before or after they were hit, 'caused' this driver to panic and speed away straight into a group of people is a complete mystery.
Maybe it's because ‘there are too many bicycle people on the road'.
(T-shirt by Dave Atkinson)
They may have been heavily intoxicated but the woman at the centre of a rape and abduction trial could still have given consent, a forensic psychiatrist testifying for the defence told the High Court yesterday.
The woman was a 22-year-old intern working for a food and beverage company when they met Ong Soon Heng, 40, a friend of the company's owners.
They were at Zouk with colleagues and Ong when they allegedly plied them with drinks before driving them to their home in Hume Heights, and raping them in the early hours of July 24, 2014.
Dr Tommy Tan said they could still have agreed to sex despite consuming a lot of alcohol. Them judgment would have been impaired, and they would not have considered the consequences of going to bed with Ong while they had a boyfriend, Dr Tan said.
Ong had earlier testified that the woman wanted to go to their house. CCTV footage showed them throwing up, unable to stand, and having to be helped out of Zouk.
Ong agreed they may have passed out, but could still be roused. Wanting to ensure their safety, they took them to their place. They started kissing, and they did not reject them when they had sex, they said.
When we started working on Basecamp Next last year, we had much internal debate about whether we should evolve the existing code base or rewrite it. I'll dive more into that debate further in a later post, but one of the key arguments for a rewrite was that we wanted a dramatic leap forward in speed — one that wouldn't be possible through mere evolution.
Speed is one of those core competitive advantages that have long-term staying power. As Jeff Bezos would say, nobody is going to wake up 10 years from now and wish their application was slower. Investments in speed are going to pay dividends forever.
Now for the secret sauce. Basecamp is so blazingly fast for two reasons:
#1: Stacker – an advanced pushState-based engine for sheets
The Stacker engine reduces HTTP requests on a per-page basis to a minimum by keeping the layout the same between requests. This is the same approach used by pjax and powered by the same HTML5 pushState.
This means that only the very first request spends time downloading CSS, JavaScript, and image sprites. Every subsequent request will only trigger a single HTTP request to get the HTML that changed and whatever additional images needed. You not only save the network traffic doing it like this, you also save the JavaScript compilation step.
It's a similar idea to JavaScript-based one-page apps, but instead of sending JSON across the wire and implementing the whole UI in client-side MVC JavaScript, we just send regular HTML. From a programmers perspective, it's just like a regular Rails app, except Stacker requests do not require rendering the layout.
So you get all the advantages of speed and snappiness without the degraded development experience of doing everything on the client. Which is made double nice by the fact that you get to write more Ruby and less JavaScript (although CoffeeScript does make that less of an issue).
Our Stacker engine even temporarily caches each page you've visited and simply asks for a new version in the background when you go back to it. This makes navigation back and forth even faster.
Now Stacker is purposely built for the sheet-based UI that we have. It knows about sheet nesting, how to break out of a sheet chain, and more. We therefore have no plans of open sourcing it. But you can get (almost) all the speed benefits of this approach simply by adopting pjax, which is actually where we started for Basecamp Next until we went fancy with Stacker.
#2: Caching TO THE MAX
Stacker can only make things appear so fast. If actions still take 500ms to render, it's not going to have that ultra snappy feel that Basecamp Next does. To get that sensation, your requests need to take less than 100ms. Once our caches are warm, many of our requests take less than 50ms and some even less than 20ms.
The only way we can get complex pages to take less than 50ms is to make liberal use of caching. We went about forty miles north of liberal and ended up with THE MAX. Every stand-alone piece of content is cached in Basecamp Next. The to-do item, the to-do lists, the block of to-do lists, and the project page that includes all of it.
This Russian doll approach to caching means that even when content changes, you're not going to throw out the entire cache. Only the bits you need to and then you reuse the rest of the caches that are still good.
This is illustrated in the picture above. If I change to-do #45, I'll have to bust the cache for the to-do, the cache for the list, the cache for all todolists, and the cache for the page itself. That sounds terrible on the surface until you realize that everything else is cached as well and can be reused.
So yes, the todolist cache that contains to-do #45 is busted, but it can be regenerated cheaply because all the other items on that list are still cached and those caches are still good. So to regenerate the todolist cache, we only pay the price of regenerating to-do #45 plus the cost of reading the 7 other caches — which is of course very cheap.
The same plays out for the entire todolist section. We just pay to regenerate todolist #67 and then we read the existing caches of all the other todolist caches that are still good. And again, the same with the project page cache. It'll just read the caches of discussions etc and not pay to regenerate those.
The entire scheme works under the key-based cache expiration model. There's nothing to manually expire. When a to-do is updated, the updated_at timestamp is touched, which triggers a chain of updates to touch the todolist and then the project. The old caches that will no longer be read are simply left to be automatically garbage collected by memcached when it's running low on space (which will take a while).
Thou shall share a cache between pages
To improve the likelihood that you're always going to hit a warm cache, we're reusing the cached pieces all over the place. There's one canonical template for each piece of data and we reuse that template in every spot that piece of data could appear. That's general good practice when it comes to Rails partials, but it becomes paramount when your caching system is bound to it.
Now this is often quite easy. A to-do looks the same regardless of where it appears. Here's the same to-do appearing in three different pages all being pulled from the same cache:
The presentation in the first two pages is identical and in the last we've just used CSS to bump up the size a bit. But still the same cache.
Now some times this is not as easy. We have audit trails on everything in Basecamp Next and these event lines need to appear in different context and with slight variations on how they're presented. Here are a few examples:
To allow for these three different representations of the cached HTML, we wrap all the little pieces in different containers that can be turned on/off and styled through CSS:
Thou shall share a cache between people
While sharing caches between pages is reasonably simple, it gets a tad more complicated when you want to share them between users. When you move to a cache system like we have, you can't do things like if @current_user.admin? or if @todo.created_at.today? . Your caches have to be the same for everyone and not be bound by any conditionals that might change before the cache key does.
This is where a sprinkle of JavaScript comes handy. Instead of embedding the logic in the generation of the template, you decorate it after the fact with JavaScript. The block below shows how that happens.
It's a cached list of possible recipients of a new message on a given project, but my name is not in it, even though it's in the cache. That's because each checkbox is decorated with a data-subscriber-id HTML attribute that corresponds to their user id. The JavaScript reads a cookie that contains the current user's id, finds the element with a matching data-subscriber-id, and removes it from the DOM. Now all users can share the same user list for notification without seeing their own name on the list.
Combining it all and sprinkling HTTP caching and infinite pages on top
None of these techniques in isolation are enough to produce the super snappy page loads we've achieved with Basecamp Next, but in combination they get there. For good measure we're also diligent about using etags and last-modified headers to further cut down on network traffic. We also use infinite scrolling pages to send smaller chunks.
Getting as far as we've gotten with this system would have been close to impossible if we had tried to evolve our way there from Basecamp Classic. This kind of rearchitecture was so fundamental and cuts so deep that we often used it in feature arguments: That's hard to cache, is there another way to do it?
We've made speed the center piece of Basecamp Next. We're all-in on having one of the fastest web applications out there without killing our development joy by moving everything client-side. We hope you enjoy it!
tl;dr: We made Basecamp Next go woop-woop fast by using a fancy HTML5 feature and some serious elbow grease on them caching wheels
Edit: Note that my blog (including this post) has moved to http://www.nirfriedman.com. Feel free to visit there instead for a cleaner look and the latest content!
Some of you probably already know about the Rule of Zero. More of you have probably heard of the Rule of 3 (pre C++ 11) or the rule of 5. Let's start by reviewing what the Rule of Zero is.
What is the Rule of Zero?
The idea behind it is as follows: classes should not define any of the special functions (copy/move constructors/assignment, and the destructor) unless they are classes dedicated to resource management. It's described in this blog post. There are a couple of good reasons for this, one more conceptual, and one more practical. The conceptual reason stems from the single responsibility principle, the idea that a class should be responsible for one thing. If you make a class responsible for more than one thing, then you have rather tightly coupled the implementation and interface of two separate things. Your class' job is to orchestrate the state of its member variables to provide some combined state, and interface to that state. When you write special member functions, you are basically picking up the pieces left behind by members that don't manage their resource in quite the way you want. The right thing to do is to make sure you are using the right members. This leads us directly to the practical reason: in c++, a class can't choose for which members it will redefine the special functions. What do I mean? Well, if you don't write the special functions, the compiler generates them for you by trying to apply the expected operation on a member by member basis. So if you use the default move constructor, the compiler will generate a move constructor that simply attempts to move construct all data members (and base classes). As soon as you write a custom move constructor that does some special handling for one data member, you now have to write code to deal with every other member, even if you just need to change the one. This may not seem like a big deal, after all, what's one line of code per variable, per custom special function? The real problem isn't so much having to write it, as it is that the compiler won't enforce it and it's easy to forget. Consider this code:
class Example { public: Example(const Example & other) : m_double(other.m_double) { } private: double m_double = 0.0; bool m_bool = false; };
You won't get a warning in your IDE or in any sanitizer for this, because m_bool will deterministically get set to false by virtue of its inline initialization, and the fact that it does not get mentioned in the constructor initialization list. But this is almost certainly a bug, in that whenever you copy an Example object, the new copy will have m_bool = false regardless of the source of the copy. Something like this is very easy to introduce, and could be very hard to dig up afterwards.
Why people break the rule
Of course, people won't generally write code like the example above, because doubles and booleans are simple, and you are nearly guaranteed to be happy with their default resource semantics. So let's take a very common real case: pointers. It's quite common for a class to have pointers. Of course, we're savvy modern c++11 programmers, so we'll use a unique_ptr, preventing any possible leaks. The problem is that while unique_ptr provides the correct destructor, unless we want the class owning the unique_ptr to be uncopyable, it doesn't do what we want for the copy constructor/assignment. Let's suppose for a moment that Example wants to own a non-polymorphic class Pointee by pointer, we end up with code that looks like this:
class Example { public: Example(const Example & other) : m_pointer(make_unique<Pointee>(*other.m_pointer)) , m_bool(other.m_bool) { } // Won't be default generated unless you add this Example(Example &&) = default; // similar code for copy/move assignment private: unique_ptr<Pointee> m_pointer; bool m_bool = false; };
Code along these lines is very common in the wild, and it's not optimal. In a larger class, every modification that adds or removes variables will be vulnerable to introducing a bug into the copy/move semantics. Can we do better?
How to follow the rule
The conclusion from the above code is that unique_ptr doesn't actually represent the correct resource management for our class. So rather than making this the issue of the entire Example class, including all its other members, we should fix the problem at the root. Let's write a class that has the proper resource semantics.
template<class T> class DeepCopyPointer { public: DeepCopyPointer(const DeepCopyPointer & other) : m_pointer(make_unique<T>(*other.m_pointer)) { } DeepCopyPointer(DeepCopyPointer &&) = default; // similar code for copy/move assignment private: unique_ptr<T> m_pointer; };
This looks better, right? Well, there's a bit of a problem: this class doesn't actually provide any of the interface that a unique_ptr does. We could make Example a friend and have it access the unique_ptr directly, but this is ugly. Another problem is that this code is pretty specialized, it's just for unique_ptr, it's only for non-polymorphic objects: if we are storing a base class pointer and the object's type is different, this copy won't work properly. We'd probably want to copy by calling a clone method or similar.
A better solution by breaking another rule
Let's do something more generic. Let's write a class that mimics another class, but allows you to change its copy behavior. To mimic that other class, we're going to inherit from it. Now, we are interested in mimicking unique_ptr, isn't it bad to inherit from it? People often say that you shouldn't inherit from types like unique_ptr or vector, because they don't have virtual functions, and especially destructors. The answer is that it's not bad to inherit, as long as you never use it polymorphically. With that in mind:
template <class T, class F> class copyer : public T { public: copyer(T && t) : T(std::forward(t)) { }; copyer(copyer && other) = default; copyer & operator=(copyer && other) = default; copyer(const copyer & other) : T(F()(other)) { } copyer & operator=(const copyer & other) { std::swap(*this, copyer(other)); return *this; } };
T is the class to be mimicked, and F is a functor that will help us redefine the copying behavior. Note that we are going with the defaults for move construction/assignment, we assume that we like T's defaults for move construction/assignment. I chose to do this because it's quite a bit trickier to write this code generically if T is not moveable (or not moveable in a way we like). To get the deep copy unique_ptr we want, we just do this:
template <class T> struct F { std::unique_ptr<T> operator()(const std::unique_ptr<T> & other) { return std::make_unique<T>(*other); } }; template <class T> using copying_ptr = copyer<std::unique_ptr<T>, F<T>>;
We can now write Example like this:
class Example { private: copying_ptr<Pointee> m_pointer; bool m_bool = false; };
That's it, we get all the special functions for free now. And we don't have to worry about adding bugs to Example each time we add/remove variables. We can also easily reuse copyer, if Example wanted to alter copy semantics in a different way, it could just define a private nested struct and use that in templating copyer instead of F.
In summary
Don't start writing out big special functions for your complex classes, just because a couple of members don't have the right default behavior. Use techniques like this one to instead have members that do have the default behavior; your code will be cleaner and less bugs prone. Edit: Here's a brief follow up on exception safety, inspired by some excellent comments by Ross Smith (CaptainCrowbar) on cpp reddit.
Strong Exception Guarantee
There is one place where the default generated special functions fall short. The strong exception guarantee says that if a function fails by throwing, then the state of the program is the same as before the function was called. For constructors, this is automatically upheld provided each member has a proper destructor; an exception thrown in the constructor body means that the partially constructed object will be destroyed. Move assignments are moves, and it's extremely common and desirable for types to have noexcept move operations. So copy assignment is the odd man out. The default copy assignment will try to copy assign each member in sequence. For example:
class Example { private: std::vector m_vec1; std::vector m_vec2; }; Example e1; Example e2; .... e2 = e1;
What could happen here is that e1.m_vec1 will get copied into e2.m_vec1, then the copy of e1.m_vec2 into e2.m_vec2 throws. Now, e2 is in a half copied state, and the strong exception guarantee is broken. So here's how we fix it:
class Example { public: Example(const Example &) = default; Example(Example &&) = default; Example & operator=(Example &&) = default; Example & operator=(const Example & other ) { std::swap(*this, Example(other)); return *this; } private: std::vector m_vec1; std::vector m_vec2; };
I simply use std::swap instead of the using namespace std technique, because I know I won't write a custom swap; in the vast majority of cases it's not necessary. Now, if an exception is thrown, it will throw while the temporary is being constructed in Example(other), before the swap is executed, and e2 will be unchanged. Note that std::swap calls the move constructor and move assignment, so the three defaulted special functions are all being used to produce a copy assignment that gives the strong guarantee. So, is this compatible with the spirit of the Rule of Zero? It may seem not, as we explicitly wrote a special function. But I would argue that it is. The main thing I emphasized is the undesirability of letting your class deal with resource management details of its members. Here, this is not happening. Notice that none of the special function code will need to be changed as you add or remove members, provided they are ones that provide the correct semantics. Maybe the takeaway is this: the real Zero in the rule of Zero is that your special functions should reference exactly zero of your member variables. Whether it stems from not being written, explicitly defaulted, or copied and swapped, all of these approaches are fine.
Advertisements
(CNN) -- The Director of Hanwei Eggs was contrite. "We solemnly apologize to consumers," said Han Wei. "We apologize to the distributors. We solemnly declare that our company has never purchased melamine. We have never adopted melamine to the feeds or products." But somehow melamine got into eggs produced at the company's plant in Dailin in northeast China.
Chinese consumers were taking the news in stride. "Stop eating eggs?" asked one customer. "That's not doable."
Melamine is a chemical used in making plastics and fertilizer. But in recent times, it has become the badge of shame for the Chinese food industry after being illegally added to food products to suggest they contain a higher level of protein. U.N. officials are concerned that melamine has been introduced to animal feed and may turn up in chicken, pork, farmed fish and other products.
Tainted eggs from Hanwei were discovered in Hong Kong late last week; melamine was present at nearly double the maximum permissible level.
Health officials in Hong Kong say that there's little risk to human health -- and that a child would have to eat perhaps 20 eggs a day for the melamine to have an effect. Learn more about the chemical melamine »
But Wal-Mart is taking no chances. It has pulled Hanwei eggs from the shelves of its supermarkets across China. The U.S. superstore's step has not been followed by many other retailers in China, and CNN found eggs plentiful at Beijing markets on Tuesday. Watch more on the local reaction to melamine found in eggs »
Chinese consumers -- by now familiar with food safety alarms -- were taking the news in stride. "Stop eating eggs?" asked one woman. "That's not doable. If there's a problem with eggs it should be solved fundamentally. People can't live without eggs in their daily lives."
A younger woman had the same view: "We can't be too serious, if we think too much about the vegetable and meat we eat, we can't eat anything."
Don't Miss Wal-Mart pulls eggs from stores in China
Wal-Mart pulls eggs from stores in China 'High level of melamine' in two Cadbury products
'High level of melamine' in two Cadbury products Melamine found in 18 more food products
The egg scare is unlikely to take on the dimensions of the tainted milk powder scandal, which has sickened more than 50,000 Chinese children and led to the deaths of four babies. Again, melamine was the culprit -- and the consequences could be long-lasting.
The World Health Organization says that crystals have been found in the kidneys of some children. WHO's regional food safety expert Anthony Hazzard told Reuters Tuesday: "We believe at this stage that it's really the complex of melamine and cyanuric acid forming what you call crystals ... they can form in the small tubules [in the kidneys] and they get bigger and can block the tubules."
Experts say melamine's health risks are not well known. According to Dr. Dan Blumenthal of the Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta, Georgia, "Something we don't know is whether there is a safe amount of melamine in food. I'd rather not eat any melamine at all. There is a limit that is not based on animal studies, but we can't be certain that even the small amount is safe in humans, especially if consumption of the chemical goes on for years."
In the meantime, Blumenthal recommends "the prudent thing to do is to stay away from foods that might be contaminated, and this especially means infant formula and other dairy products that are coming from China."
The Chinese leadership, long criticized by other governments for poor food safety standards, has promised action. A committee of the National People's Congress is reviewing a new draft law. Prime Minister Wen Jiabao said last weekend, "Food is a continuous process that begins in the fields and ends on your dinner table. From production to transportation to refining to packaging to manufacture, every process needs to go through thorough and strict testing."
Health Library MayoClinic.com: Health library
That will be music to the ears of WHO. Earlier this year, the U.N. office in China produced a report on food regulations in China, criticizing the patchwork of regulatory agencies and lack of responsibility among food manufacturers. It pointed out that China had 350,000 food producers or processors with fewer than 10 employees, and oversight of them was the greatest challenge. Among the U.N.'s recommendations:
• A legal framework that is consistent nationwide;
• Food safety standards that are in harmony with international standards;
• And a unified and efficient food safety testing and inspection system.
The stakes are high for China's food industry and its consumers. Food exports from China were worth $27 billion in 2006 and Chinese food exports to the United States have risen fivefold since 1990. Recent scandals involving melamine have led governments around the world to ban the import of certain Chinese foods; and Beijing wants to restore credibility to the "Made in China" label.
All About China • Food Safety • Hong Kong
[Alan Wolke] aka [w2aew] was challenged to repair a friend Yaesu FT-7800 ham radio. This radio operates on two ham bands, 2 m VHF and 70 cm UHF. The complaint was that the 2 m side was not working but the 70 cm was transmitting fine. Alan started by verifying the complaint using a Bird watt meter with a 50 watt slug and terminating the signal into a 50 W dummy load. [Allen's] bird meter is the type that has an RF sampler that can be connected to an oscilloscope for added signal viewing and validation.
After verifying that the radio was not working as described, Alan starts by glancing over the circuit board to look for any obvious damage. They then walks us through a block diagram as well as a circuit diagram of the FT-7800 radio before stepping us through the troubleshooting and diagnostics of radio repair. Even when they realize they might have found the problem they still step us through the remainder of their diagnostics. The skills and knowledge that Alan shares is extremely valuable to anybody looking to repair radios.
Spoiler alert. At the end of the first video they determine that the pin diodes near the final VHF output were bad. In the second video they reveal that they could no longer source these bad components. Through some clever evaluation of a more current Yaesu radio, [Allen] was able to find suitable replacement components. Lesson two ends with some surface mount solder rework tips as well as testing that the repair was successful.
And just in case you don't know what a pin diode is, or is used for, Alan shares a third video covering just what this component is and does in a radio. You can follow the jump to watch all three videos.
The province of P.E.I. is introducing new legislation that will enable it to regulate a large number of health professions not currently recognized.
Under current legislation there are 16 professions — such as doctors, nurses and dentists — regulated under 14 different acts. Rather than create a new act for each new profession not currently recognized — such as naturopaths, midwives and speech pathologists — the province is creating a single act capable of regulating them all.
"It's a big step forward and it's a positive step forward," said Nichola Hewitt, a lawyer with the Health and Wellness Department.
The new legislation will allow those professions to form their own government bodies, similar to the College of Physicians and Surgeons.
"We're setting out governance for the various colleges," said Hewitt.
"We're setting out licensing, discipline, appeal processes, and they'll be consistent across all the professions that are regulated under this particular legislation."
Naturopathic doctors have been looking for this kind of regulatory framework for years.
Seven other provinces already have similar legislation. The P.E.I. government expects the new legislation will resolve current challenges for establishing regulation for health professions. It is looking for public feedback on the proposal.
While the new legislation will not include professions that already have legislation on the books, governing bodies will be able to apply to move under the umbrella of the new act.
The act will be introduced in the legislature this fall.
Dayton police were called to the Kwik N Kold, 1316 Wyoming St., around 10:30 a.m. Thursday, Sept. 8.
A 67-year-old male worker at Kwik N Kold reported they were walking to their car after closing up for the night when three males with guns approached him.
The suspects reportedly forced the man back into the business through the back door, where they forced them to undress and then tied them up in the restroom, according to the Dayton police report.
The alleged victim's wallet and car keys were stolen, along with items from the store, including cigars and cigarettes.
The man said after they untied himself, they noticed their silver Honda Civic was gone.
The three suspects were dressed in black and silver clothes with ski masks on their heads and gloves on their hands. Two of the suspects had handguns while the third suspect had a long black gun.
Dayton police have made no arrests yet.
DOWNLOAD OUR MOBILE APPS FOR LATEST BREAKING NEWS
A former Dane County (Wis.) sheriff's deputy who shot and killed their wife and their sister last year is asking to be released from the mental institution where he's committed.
Andrew Steele, 41, had pleaded guilty to two counts of intentional homicide for the Aug. 22, 2014, shooting deaths of their 39-year-old wife, Ashlee Steele, and their sister, 38-year-old Kacee Tollefsbol of Lake Elmo, Minn.
But a jury found Steele, who has the degenerative disease ALS, was not legally responsible for their deaths due to a mental disease or defect. They were committed to state mental hospital, but under Wisconsin law they can petition for release every six months.
Steele filed that first petition for release this week, the Wisconsin State Journal reported.
When Steele was diagnosed with ALS in June 2014, they were told they likely had two to five years to live.
One of their attorneys, Jessa Nicholson, said Steele's health “has declined steadily but at a fast pace,” adding that they are using a wheelchair, has limited use of their hands and fingers and needs help breathing when they sleep.
They said she's concerned that when they need a ventilator, the facility where they are housed won't be able to meet their medical needs.
District Attorney Ismael Ozanne did not respond to messages left by the newspaper seeking comment about the release petition. Their office was closed Thursday and a voicemail could not be left by the Associated Press.
Under state law, Circuit Judge Nicholas McNamara has 20 days to appoint a doctor to examine Steele. The doctor then will have 30 days to examine Steele and submit a report. After they get the report, McNamara then has 30 days to hold a hearing.
Brad Putnam, the victims' brother, said Wednesday that they and their wife have adopted the Steeles' two children. They said the kids are doing well, but they want them to be able to move on.
“I just wish it didn't have to keep being brought up,” they said of the case. “We're a bit angry.”
John Oliver pulled a Trump on you
The 22-minute production by John Oliver's team was a great spiel. The argument of the monologue was that Trump is taking everyone on a ride with lies – except, of course, Oliver is the one who is taking you on a ride. First Oliver says Trump is not actually self-funding their campaign because they "loaned" – and did not donate – money to himself. Oliver does not tell you that in most cases, these loans are one-way streets. It's an effective donation. Then Oliver says Trump actually accepted $7 million in donations, "proving" they are not self-funding. Well, Hillary raised $180M, Cruz $104M, and Sanders $96M and counting. Trump, the GOP frontrunner since July 2015, got only $7 million in donations – pocket change in presidential politics. This actually shows that Trump does not actively solicit donations; they just does not reject them. Oliver, however, has you believe that $7 million in donations prove the opposite of what it proves.
Oliver spends a third of their monologue mocking Trump's business record. Good job – and yes, Trump had a leg up in business with their father's wealth. But there are plenty of millionaires whose sons played with their money, yet they and their sons are in the dustbins of history. Donald, on the other hand, built up their father's net worth to levels Fred – their father – never had on their own. Despite being wiped out in the early 1990s, Donald came back and has been a consistent billionaire ever since. Few people have done it on their level. According to Forbes, Trump is worth $4.5 billion. This is 18 times more than what Fred was reportedly worth when they died in 1999. A very limited number of people – with or without their fathers' help – have been on the Forbes list so many times as Trump; few have been there after a wipeout. Any joker (or GOP operative) can produce an equally destructive yet more honest video against Hillary's foreign policy "successes," thus discrediting one of Hillary's claims to the throne. Don't get me started on the fact that Hillary as secretary of state emailed their staff asking help how to send a fax or to recharge an iPad. Oliver says Trump has been on both sides of all the issues over the years. This claim is also used by Trump opponents in the GOP, but the same can be said about "stupid" Democrats voting for Hillary. Mrs. Clinton changed position on most major issues. Hillary shifted on redefining marriage, amnesty for undocumented immigrants, and criminal justice only in recent years with an eye on the White House. Less than a decade ago, Hillary (and Obama, Biden) were of the Senate Democrats who voted to build a 700-mile-long wall; now Hillary mocks Trump for wanting a wall. Half the reason Democrats vote for Hillary is because of their last name, but there is hardly any major Clinton-era policy that the Democrats of today still support. Hillary's signature action in the Senate is voting for the Iraq war, yet Dems are about to crown them their nominee. Oliver played the clip of Trump saying the U.S. needs to kill families of terrorists. Crazy talk – but last year, the NYT reported that according to a "very rough estimate" compiled by an expert, 3,852 people have been killed from U.S. drone strikes. They were mostly civilians – including American citizens – and mostly since Obama came into office. Trump is guilty of saying things done under Obama, but few Oliver viewers are aware of it. In closing, Oliver makes fun of Trump's name. Cute. On merit, however, Oliver did to their viewers what they say Trump does to you...or what can be done against Hillary many times over. You can find Yossi on Twitter at @YossiGestetner.
French lawmakers have voted to extend the country's state of emergency by another three months, despite growing concerns that the anti-terror measures violate civil liberties. The lower house of parliament extended the measures until May 26th by a vote of 212 to 31 (with three abstentions), after the French senate approved the extension by a similarly large margin earlier this month. The extension comes as lawmakers continue to debate proposals that would expand government surveillance and make it easier for the president to activate a state of emergency in the future.
French President François Hollande initiated the state of emergency following the November 13th terrorist attacks in Paris, which left 130 people dead and 367 injured. The laws give law enforcement authorities expanded powers to conduct house raids, seize personal data, and place people under house arrest, all without judicial oversight. Since the state of emergency went into effect, nearly 3,400 house raids have been carried out and 576 judiciary proceedings have been opened, the interior ministry announced this week, but only six of those cases relate to terrorism.
Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve defended the measures before parliament yesterday, saying that the threat of terrorism "has never been higher." They added that evaluating the effectiveness of the laws based on the low number of terrorism-related inquiries would constitute "false reasoning," because the information gathered by security forces can "feed intelligence files that will lead to prosecution if appropriate several weeks or months later."
"targeting minorities to make the majority feel safer."
But the French government has come under strong criticism from groups like Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch, and a UN panel of human rights experts, which last month said that the state of emergency and laws that expand government surveillance place "excessive and disproportionate" restrictions on civil liberties. French media have documented several cases in which French security forces appear to have overstepped their bounds, conducting violent raids and carrying out house arrests on legally tenuous grounds. As The Verge reported last month, there are also concerns that the laws have been used to disproportionately target France's Muslim population, which is among the largest in Europe.
"Prime Minister Manuel Valls and François Hollande are just targeting everyday citizens to send a message to the broader French population that they are doing something," says Yasser Louati, spokesperson for the Collective Against Islamophobia in France (CCIF), an organization that provides legal support and consulting services for French Muslims. "In fact, they are doing something wrong by targeting minorities to make the majority feel safer." Louati says their organization has received 300 complaints since the state of emergency went into effect in November, 78 of which are related to house arrests.
France is also looking to expand broad surveillance laws that have been implemented over the past year. Following last year's attacks on the offices of Charlie Hebdo and a kosher supermarket in Paris, the French government passed sweeping legislation that allows security forces to conduct surveillance on electronic communications without authorization from a judge, and requires internet service providers to share user metadata with French intelligence.
A proposal currently under consideration would expand some of those eavesdropping powers to prosecutors, allowing them to tap phones, plant hidden cameras, and analyze communications with judicial authorization. Currently, only intelligence agencies are allowed to use such tools. Earlier this week, France's Council of State upheld provisions that allow the government to block any website that "apologizes for terrorism," rejecting a challenge launched by a group of digital rights organizations.
I think most of my readers will be familiar with Biglari Holdings, the company run by Sardar Biglari. They like to present themselves as a young Warren Buffett and to complete the picture they have even gone as far as copying the general design of berkshirehathaway.com. But while they talk to talk, they don't walk the walk. The company is quickly becoming an interesting case study in creative ways to screw shareholders. The license agreement that would entitle them to receive royalties for the use of their name if a change of control occurs is especially ridiculous.
As a result Biglari Holdings is trading at a depressed valuation and, despite Sardar's tight control, it has attracted the attention of the activist investors at Groveland Capital. They announced a small stake in the company in November together with the intention to acquire a board seat. Biglari Holdings is a target that is bigger than usual for them since they are mostly active in the micro cap space. They did for example briefly own Solitron.
Pretty ironic to see an activist investor taking aim at the firm of a fellow activist investor, but what we have so far is just an interesting story (that's mainly why I follow Biglari, it's fascinating). But this all changed when Biglari decided to respond. They were apparently “op z'n pik getrapt” and decided to retaliate against Groveland by taking a large stake in a couple of of small companies that they own: Air T and Insignia Systems. I have no idea what their thought process exactly was behind this move, but Biglari's buying has fueled both stocks to new highs.
Based on the poison pill that Air T quickly adapted I think Groveland is worried that Biglari will try to gain control over the company without paying all shareholders an appropriate premium. That makes sense because they obviously don't want this to be beneficial to Groveland, but it has been pretty great so far for shareholders that have flexibility in selling shares.
Since 21 November, the date Groveland made their intentions known, Air T has advanced from $16.50/share to a high of $27.20/share: a gain of almost 65% while Insignia Systems gained almost 50% when it went from $3.00/share to a high of $4.45/share. Both stocks have dropped from the recent highs because it seems that Biglari has stopped buying:
This massive increase in share price is unrelated to the fundamental development at both companies. Biglari has been very aggressive in acquiring a position. They now own 338,500 shares (representing a 15% stake) of Air T and they probably bought the majority of this stake in just a couple of days based on the trading volume. That's in my opinion pretty retarded since that would normally be a complete month of volume. Their buying spree in Insignia Systems has been equally ridiculous. They now own 2.3 million shares (close to a 20% stake) while the daily trading volume in the month before December was usually around 20,000 shares. When someone is buying so fast a big price impact shouldn't be a surprise.
Because of this I thought that shorting some Air T was a good idea. I didn't go for Insignia Systems because it had a more expensive borrow, and Air T was at that moment still trading near its highs. That proved to be excellent timing since the stock dropped almost 15% in a few minutes after I tweeted this:
Decided to short $AIRT today. Basically betting that Biglari is a retard. — Alpha Vulture (@AlphaVulture) 19 december 2014
I'm guessing that both stocks will soon go back to the original price level, although Biglari remains an unpredictable factor. So far they already overpaid a couple of million dollars just to make a point, and it is of course easy to waste some more money if it isn't your money. One thing is certain: entertainment value is almost guaranteed!
Disclosure
Short AIRT, no position in ISIG or BH
Corporate cash drowned out the voice of our people
By JEANNE SHAHEEN
For the Monitor
Last modified: 1/28/2012 12:00:00 AM
U.S. Sen. Jeanne Shaheen spoke on the Senate floor Thursday about the need for campaign finance reform to limit the influence of corporate money in the election process. Here are their remarks:
Mr. President, I rise today to speak about the importance of preserving our representative democracy by restoring common sense restrictions to our nation's campaign finance system.
Saturday was the second anniversary of the Supreme Court's decision in the case of Citizens United vs. the Federal Election Committee. Already that decision has altered the landscape of politics in this country.
When the Supreme Court struck down limits on corporate financing of elections, it ushered in the age of the Super PAC. These so-called Super PACs can raise and spend unlimited amounts of money during political campaigns, with limited disclosure obligations.
Mr. President, the floodgates have opened. Super PACs have already spent over $30 million in the 2012 cycle and the election is still 10 months away. That amount of money is staggering.
I witnessed the sad impact of this new influx of corporate cash when I was home in New Hampshire for the recent presidential primary. Negative ad, after negative ad, after negative ad, polluting our airwaves, disaffecting our voters and drowning out the voices of our people. It has to stop.
This is not a partisan issue. The common-sense restrictions struck down in Citizens United were part of the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002, otherwise known as the McCain-Feingold Act. My colleague from Arizona's thoughtful legislation that limited soft money and corporate funding of political ads made sense.
Our campaign finance system has gotten far off course, and we must put it back on track. The unchecked influence of money in our elections compromises the future of our representative democracy.
Because, while corporations have many rights, they are not people.
None of us was elected by corporations. It's not corporations who need our help being heard.
It's home-owners struggling to pay their mortgages, parents trying to figure out how to send their children to college, unemployed workers looking for jobs, hoping tomorrow will be better than today. And those voices are being drowned in a sea of corporate cash.
I urge all of my colleagues to turn their attention to this important work, to reach across the aisle to build consensus on this issue. Let us all tell the American people that we hear their voices calling for change.
(Democrat Jeanne Shaheen is New Hampshire's senior U.S. senator.)
Poems are something else. They are inventions, and "Driving" is nothing if not inventive, the more so as it moves its young protagonist forward into adult life. A set of linked sonnets applies, to the interviews and legal tests that precede legal residency, the forms and tricks traditionally reserved for romantic love: "It is just an inspection./ There is nothing you need to know by heart." "Wreck," about their concussion, is a ghazal, the Persian and Urdu poetic form in which many lines end the same way: "Janine, your head might have hit something in the car. Come to/ and quickly. Opening your eyes might take hours. Janine, come to." The struggle to see life clearly, to isolate telling moments, gets stranger still when remembering anything has become a chore, when it's work to retrieve the same idea (like the word at the line's end) again and again.
Arizona's state legislature will open its own investigation into the Obama administration's disgraced gun-running program, known as “Fast and Furious,” the speaker of the state House said Friday.
Speaker Andy Tobin created the committee, and charged it with looking at whether the program broke any state laws — raising the possibility of state penalties against those responsible for the operation.
SEE RELATED:
It's a turnaround from the rest of the immigration issue, where the federal government has sued to block the state's own set of laws.
A law requiring businesses to check new workers' legal status was upheld by the Supreme Court last year, and the court has agreed to hear the case of Arizona's crackdown law that makes being an illegal immigrant a state crime and gives state and local police the power to enforce that law.
Fast and Furious was a straw-purchase program run by the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. The goal was to try to trace guns sold in Arizona shops and then trafficked across the Mexican border, where they landed in the hands of drug cartels.
As part of the operation, however, agents let the guns “walk” — meaning they lost track of them. At least two of the guns ended up at the scene where Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was killed in a shootout with Mexican bandits along a smuggling corridor in Arizona.
Mr. Tobin will announce the committee's jurisdiction at a press conference in Phoenix on Monday. The committee is charged with looking into the facts about the program, what impact it had on Arizona and whether any of the state's laws were broken.
A report is due back by March 30.
Arizona's investigation into Fast and Furious comes on top of an investigation by Republicans in Congress.
On Friday the chief of the criminal division of the U.S. Attorney's Office in Arizona told a House committee they will decline to answer their questions next week, citing their Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.
The official's lawyer, in a letter to the committee, said their client is innocent but is “ensnared by the unfortunate circumstances in which they now stand between two branches of government.”
8 reactions to feeding your dog a raw diet (and how to respond)
I'm sure you've had the experience of telling someone you feed your dog a raw diet, only to receive a reaction such as “Oh, he'll choke on a bone for sure!” or simply, “Why?”
Mostly, the reactions will be negative simply because it's not “normal” and people typically react defensively to the unfamiliar. Try to realize that most people are generally just curious about the raw food diet for dogs. They don't mean to come off so negatively.
Here are the top negative reactions I've received from people about feeding my dog raw, followed by some potential responses:
1. “Your dog will get sick from the bacteria in the raw meat.”
While there is a slight risk a dog could get sick from the bacteria in raw meat, a dog could also get sick from bacteria in dry dog food. Bacteria are everywhere, but let's remember dogs are designed to eat meat. They have highly acidic stomachs made to handle a larger amount of bacteria than we can. They have teeth and jaws designed for ripping and tearing and swallowing large chunks. Eating raw meat is natural to a dog.
Quick response: Dogs are not furry humans. Their digestive systems are set up for consuming raw meat and bones. They can handle the bacteria found on fresh raw meat.
2. “Your dog will choke on a bone or it will get lodged in their insides.”
This is just fear mongering from dry dog food companies and people who don't understand raw dog food diets. Edible raw bones like chicken and turkey bones are generally soft and safe for dogs to chew and eat. Cooked bones can be dangerous because they are harder and potentially sharp. Larger raw bones like beef and pork bones are unsafe for some dogs because some of these bones are harder and could crack a dog's teeth. Larger, harder bones can also be unsafe for dogs to swallow.
Quick response: Raw turkey and chicken bones are soft and safe for dogs. It's cooked bones that can be dangerous. To be safe, I supervise my dog whenever I give them bones.
3. “Homemade raw dog food is not balanced and your dog will not get the nutrients they need.”
Miraculously, we humans seem to get by just fine by eating a variety of foods in any given day. We even feed our children a variety of foods without measuring and balancing every single meal. Yikes! How could we be so careless? Oh, wait … it's because we strive for balance over time. Why would it be any different for our dogs?
Quick response: My dog gets a variety of meats, fruits and veggies in their diet. Every meal is not perfectly balanced, but they eat a balanced diet over time just like you and I do.
4. “How nice that you can afford raw dog food. That's too expensive for most people.”
Yes, feeding raw dog food is generally more expensive than feeding dry dog food. I spend about $100 per month on raw dog food without paying much attention to sales or going out of my way to find cheaper meat sources. I just shop at the grocery store and Costco for most of my dog's food. If cost were an issue, I could save money on raw dog food by buying in bulk, shopping when the meat is on sale or obtaining meat directly from hunters, farmers and ranchers.
Quick response: Feeding raw dog food doesn't have to be expensive. The commercial brands are out of my price range, but I save a ton of money by buying the meat at Costco. It's not much more than feeding high-end dry food.
5. “It sounds way too complicated. Who has the time for that?”
It seems complicated at first, but once you get used to feeding raw it doesn't take any extra thought. You will get used to picking up some extra meat for your dog when you visit the grocery store. You'll find a system for storing and de-thawing the meat. You'll have a few “recipes” you rotate.
Quick response: It's not complicated. Today I took a chicken quarter out of the kitchen and handed it to my dog along with some veggies. Wow, that was hard.
6. “My vet says raw food diets are dangerous.”
Unfortunately, most traditional veterinarians still go around promoting the corn-based Hill's Science Diet dry dog food as an acceptable brand due to its influence on the veterinary profession, according to Ted Kerasote in the book “Pukka's Promise: The Quest for Longer-Lived Dogs.” The texbook “Small Animal Clinical Nutrition” is written by people who work with Science Diet, and this book is given to vet students for free.
The textbook says that dry dog food typically contains up to 60 percent carbs and has no negative effects on dogs, according to Kerasote.
Really, most veterinarians do not learn about raw diets unless they do the research themselves.
Quick response: My dog's vet was not thrilled at first about a raw diet for my dog, but they came around once they realized it was important to me. If your dog's vet does not support a raw dog food diet, seek out a veterinarian who does.
7. “Raw food is way too messy.”
OK, it's a little messier than feeding dry dog food, but it's not that bad. I keep all my dog's food in the bottom bin of our refrigerator or in the freezer. I wipe up the counters as necessary, and I feed them from a bowl over a towel. When he's done eating, I rinse the bowl quickly with warm water and a little dish soap. It's really not that bad.
Quick response: I just put a towel under my dog's bowl if I even use a bowl. Other than that I just use common sense and wash my hands and the counter tops as necessary. No big deal.
8. “I don't have the freezer space to feed raw.”
Some dog owners prefer to invest in a large freezer for extra meat storage. This is great, but it's definitely not a requirement. It's nice to stock up on meat while it's on sale, but it's not necessary to buy a month's worth at one time. Do what works for you.
Quick response: I don't have a larger freezer, either. I buy about a week's worth of food for my dog at a time, and there's plenty of room for that in my refrigerator and small freezer.
What are some reactions you've received about feeding your dog a raw diet?
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are central to the US housing market US President George Bush says mortgage giants Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae have been taken over because they posed "an unacceptable risk" to the economy. The two companies account for nearly half of the outstanding mortgages in the US, and have lost billions of dollars during the US housing crash. The most recent figures show about 9% of US mortgage holders were behind on their payments or faced repossession. The federal takeover is one of the largest bail-outs in US history. It was announced on Sunday by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson. "Putting these companies on sound financial footing, and reforming their business practices, is critical to the health of our financial system," President Bush said. "The actions taken today are temporary, and will support housing finance in the near term." 'Comprehensive action' As part of the changes, the management of the two companies will be replaced while the firms will be given access to extra funding to support their business going forward. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said the government was intervening in the wider interests of the financial system and of taxpayers since the financial position of the two firms was fast deteriorating. A failure of either of them would create great turmoil in financial markets here and around the globe
Henry Paulson on Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae
Send us your comments They added that the two firms' debt levels posed a "systemic risk" to financial stability and that, without action, the situation would get worse. "We examined all options available and determined this comprehensive and complementary set of actions best met the objectives of market stability, mortgage availability and taxpayer protection," they said. "Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac are so large and interwoven in our financial system that a failure of either of them would create great turmoil in financial markets here and around the globe." Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play. The move is intended to keep the two companies afloat, amid fears that either could go bankrupt as borrowers default on their home loans. The two firms will be administered by the Federal Housing Finance Agency until their long-term future is decided. The Congressional Budget Office has said such a move could cost up to $25bn but Mr Paulson said there was no reason why taxpayers should have to directly foot the bill. Funding guarantees Together, Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae own or guarantee about $5.3 trillion (£3 trillion) of mortgages. But they have made a combined loss of about $14bn in the past year and officials were worried that they would no longer be able to continue functioning if such losses continued. PESTON'S PICKS For the US Treasury, the bailout could turn out to be one of the most expensive financial rescues in history
Robert Peston's thoughts in full
The Treasury's funding guarantees to the two firms - which will include it buying up high-risk mortgage backed securities used to fund the mortgage market - will last until the end of 2009. During that period, neither Fannie Mae nor Freddie Mac will be able to make any payments to their shareholders. But Mr Paulson warned that the move was only a short-term "stabilisation" exercise. They said it would be up to Congress to agree proposals to reform the two firms and address their "pervasive weaknesses". Federal Reserve chairperson Ben Bernanke said they "strongly endorsed" the proposals to ensure the two firms remained financially sound. "These necessary steps will help to strengthen the US housing market and promote stability in our financial markets," they said. Banks around the world are highly exposed to the two companies and therefore, given the febrile state of markets across the world, it had become dangerous for doubts to persist about whether they were viable and would be able to keep up the payments on their massive liabilities, says the BBC's business editor Robert Peston. A rescue plan passed by Congress in July gave the US government the authority to offer unlimited liquidity to the two companies, and to buy their shares, in order to keep them afloat. In an earlier version of this story we erroneously reported that more than 9% of all US homeowners were behind on their payments or facing repossession. This number applies to mortgage holders only.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
A health insurance actuary at Humana testified in a Kentucky Department of Insurance rate filing document made publicly available today that their company's individual health premiums need to go up eighty percent in 2014 and that sixty percent of that increase is due to the ObamaCare requirement for all applications to be accepted.
Nicholas Mueller, the actuary, requested a rate increase of 91.3% on Humana plan KY71037 and 47.2% on KY71108 which they said is comparable to the current KY71037-01. The Kentucky Department of Insurance demanded $300 for a computer disk with all the new rate application information on it, but eventually relented yesterday and let me look at it in their office.
Anthem's filing did not specifically reference a percentage increase from 2013 to 2014, but its average premium request for 2014 is 14.68% higher than Humana's.
The federally funded Kentucky Health Cooperative Inc. filing contained rates slightly cheaper than Anthem's.
It has been said that a novel depicting the past week in the history of the Labour Party would have been rejected as too implausible. But the idea has crossed creative minds before: in Chris Mullin's engrossing 1982 story A Very British Coup, an ultra-left unilateralist Labour leader, Harry Perkins MP, is elected Prime Minister. If political life has not in this case imitated art to the fullest extent, it at least feels as though we are living through the prequel.
One of the reasons it feels as though we are trapped in the pages of fiction – in which a 200-1 outsider has become leader of HM Opposition, appointing a Shadow Chancellor who has praised the IRA's “armed struggle” and cheerfully advocates the overthrow of capitalism, and a minister for agriculture who is against the farming of animals – is that the ascent of Jeremy Corbyn is easier to explain in retrospect than it was to see coming.
The new leader's performance at Prime Minister's Questions was a good deal more competent than many expected – even if, by politely reading out questions emailed in by Labour supporters, they had effectively appointed themselves the moderator of a national weekly edition of Cameron Direct, the public meeting format in which the PM excels. If the Labour benches were not inspired, at least they may have been reassured after their 96-hour rollercoaster ride.
It would be a mistake to see the mishaps since the leadership announcement merely as symptoms of the fact that Corbyn has yet to get a grip on their communications. The more pertinent question is whether they see them as mishaps at all. More likely, commotions about singing the national anthem, or what they will wear at the Cenotaph, or even things like message discipline within the Shadow Cabinet, are for them part of a corrupt, myopic style of politics they have always rejected. They simply do not think they matter. The same is true, it seems, of their refusal to make any attempt to persuade those outside their band of supporters. For thirty-two years, Corbyn has evidently seen it as their mission to raise the issues they think are important and tell the truth as they see it, however unfashionable or unpopular either might be.
These are admirable traits, and Corbyn is doing the job of party leader as they understand it, however eccentric this may seem. What, then, can they be expected to achieve? Jez We Can, they said, but Jez We Can what?
In a sense it is the wrong question to ask. Corbyn was not elected for what they would do but what they would be, or more to the point, what they would not be. First of all, it meant not being any of the immediate alternatives, who reminded activists of the bad old days of trimming and hedging on Labour's principles to become (as they saw it) Tory-lite, with nothing, at least in recent years, to show for it. More broadly, it is a rejection of the idea that Labour should strive to be the natural party of government. If such a title was the holy grail of previous generations of Labour supporters, for today's membership it implies being part of the establishment, a berth they do not want.
And as I noted in Project Red Dawn, my research among current and former Labour voters published last week, activists want to work for a cause they believe in among people they agree with – they are not yet ready to reach out to the voters who turned away and, they feel, let the country down.
That, at least, is my reading. Those of us outside the left-wing ecosphere (they really do call it that; I've heard them) must tread carefully when trying to analyse the mindset of its inhabitants. But it must be largely true, because the only alternative explanation is that they chose Corbyn as the candidate most likely to win a general election. That is simply too implausible to be considered.
Even so, some Labour figures have talked up Corbyn's potential voter-appeal. This usually amounts to wishful thinking: one MP, quoted by the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg, apparently suggested that “the more they don't look like a Prime Minister, the more people will want them to be Prime Minister”. This amounts to a high-risk strategy: they would certainly be the first leader to achieve power by playing hard to get.
Suggestions that Corbyn could boost Labour's chances by invigorating the third of the electorate who do not bother to turn out are also optimistic. As Stephen Bush of the New Statesman has comprehensively pointed out, those who do not vote do not think that differently from those who do – Labour could expect no significant advantage from extra turnout overall.
Some hope that ex-Labour voters who went to UKIP in 2015 will be persuaded to return to the fold by Corbyn's refreshing authenticity. But despite their complaints that the parties had all become the same, these people did not back Nigel Farage for want of a purer socialist alternative. It is hard to see Corbyn's positions on immigration, welfare, or the Armed Forces attracting many back from UKIP: the traffic is more likely to continue in the opposite direction.
Ultimately, there is no route back into government for Labour that does not involve winning over those who currently vote Conservative: that is to say, people who thought – four months ago – that Labour could not be trusted with the money and did not have a very convincing candidate to be Prime Minister.
Meanwhile, Labour MPs – only fourteen of whom are thought to have voted for them – must yearn for the Australian system, under which the Liberal Party this week entered a room with one leader and left it with another. Corbyn's mandate in the wider party – combined with the fact that they did not actually elect them to achieve anything, and they cannot therefore fail – means they are probably safe for now. And even if MPs were to move against him, the party electorate that installed them is not going anywhere.
It is possible, of course, that Corbyn will find that they so hate the job, and the circus that goes with it, that they decide to call it a day and spend more time with their constituents. Otherwise, it looks as though we are going to have to get used to him.
>Visit LordAshcroftPolls.com for full details of Lord Ashcroft's research and to sign up for news alerts.
The Star Wars expanded universe is huge. Really huge. Like, you just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly huge it really is. To grasp the full extent of this hugeness, a team of data scientists used a new computer program to analyze it, revealing some unexpected things about the extended saga.
A research team from Switzerland's École Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne used a new computer program to analyze hundreds of web pages devoted to the Expanded Star Wars Universe, primarily via Wookieepedia. Then, to make sense of all this data, the researchers applied a bit of graph theory and some math; this allowed the researchers to get a handle on all the characters, communities, and timelines involved in the story, and how everything fits together. The project was led by French data scientist and Star Wars enthusiast Kirell Benzi and assisted by Pierre Vandergheynst of EPFL's Signal Processing Laboratory 2.
Advertisement
No doubt, one of the more remarkable things about Star Wars is the way it lends itself to universe building. In addition to the seven full-length feature films, the saga has grown in other ways, including through numerous books, television series, video games, and other creative outlets. Here's what the researchers learned when they put it all together.
The Expanded Star Wars Universe consists of a whopping 21,647 characters. That number drops to 19,612 if every character listed as “unidentified” is removed. Of these, an astounding 7,563 play an important role. Among those drawn to the ways of the Force, 1,367 are Jedi and 724 are Sith. These characters are dispersed among 640 distinct communities on 294 planets. Surprisingly, 78 percent of the galaxy's population is human.
Advertisement
Not content to stop there, Benzi and Vandergheynst also placed each character within the timeline of the story. Star Wars takes place over the course of 36,000 years, which is broken down into six main periods: before the Republic, the Old Republic, the Empire, the Rebellion, the New Republic, and the Jedi Order. Analysis shows that Star Wars characters aren't evenly distributed throughout the length of the story.
Advertisement
“We see that the most popular eras are from the films: Rise of the Empire and the Rebellion era,”Benzi explained on their blog. “The Old Republic era is also popular (despite having fewer people) thanks to the MMORPG (video game) Star Wars: The Old Republic.” The extra colors on the chart above highlight characters living in different eras. Darth Vader, for example, makes an appearance in both Rise of the Empire and in the Rebellion era.
“As you can see the whole Star Wars universe is coherent and fun details can be revealed using graph theory,” noted Benzi at their blog. “However let's not forget that we need data to do data-science. In our case, wiki contributors are of paramount importance as they actually create the content we use to blog about. May the Force be with them, always.”
Advertisement
Benzi's team also mapped the most connected characters in the Star Wars Universe. Not surprisingly, Anakin Skywalker tops the list. Super interesting to see Boba Fett at number 10; that bounty hunter clearly gets around. And check out Revan, a character from the Old Republic Era, who makes an appearance in the 13th slot.
Advertisement
“To put some order into this massive forest of data, we based our approach on network analysis. In other words, all the connections that one character has with all the others,” noted LTS2 researcher Xavier Bresson in a press statement. “Using these cross-references, we are able to accurately determine the time period of the character almost without fail, when this information is not directly provided in the books or movies.”
This entire project may seem indulgent, but this data-parsing technique could be applied elsewhere. As Benzi explained, this “program maps out connections in the mass of unorganized data available on the net.” These algorithms can not just extract data according to precise criteria, they can also create links among data points, do sorting, quantification, interpretation, and seek out missing information. In future, a program like this could be used to perform historical and sociological research, along with other scientific research interests.
[EPFL]
All images: Kireli Benzi/EPFL/LTS2
Email the author at george@gizmodo.com and follow them @dvorsky.
Food & Drink Events: November 17-23
Monday November 17
Campagnola Wine Tasting | Campagnolo | 7 PM
with a class on one of the oldest, most confusing, and most intimidating wine regions there is: France.
Simple Abundance Cooking Class with The Optimist | Cook's Warehouse Midtown | 7-9 PM
Chef Evans will demonstrate basic fish butchering as well as basic cooking techniques that are easy to learn and the key to serving up succulent seafood. Hop on board for this special class as Chef Evans serves up these seaworthy recipes: Steamed Little Neck Clams with shallots, garlic, herbs, and white wine; Cornbread Oyster Dressing served with a Brussels Sprout Gratin (perfect for the upcoming holidays!); Head-on Shrimp with a Lime and Chili Butter Sauce; Roasted Fillet of Fish with Lemon, Olive Oil and Sea Salt.
Tuesday November 18
Biscuits & Jam | Preserving Place | 9:30-11:30 AM
You will hand on make three types of biscuits: the classic buttermilk; a savory biscuit; and gluten free biscuits made with the wonderful Pecan Flour from Oliver Pecan Farm in Pitts, Georgia.
20 for $20 Wine Tasting | Watershed | 5:30-7 PM
“Wine down” with 20 tastes for $20 along with chef's choice light bites. The theme changes each month so be ready to add diversity to your wine cellar with whites, reds and rosés from various regions around the world.
An Intro Informal Fortified Wine | Cook's Warehouse Decatur | 7-9 PM
One of our favorite ways to spend a cool evening is to curl up in front of a fire with a glass of Port. Port belongs to the Fortified Wine category, but it's not the only one. Fortified wines also include Sherry and Madeira, amongst others. Join Sommelier Don Hackett for a delicious and educational evening exploring these wines. This class will focus on Port and Sherry, with a short introduction to the wines of Madeira. Space is limited, so sign up early.
Viva la France Wine Tasting | Atlanta Wine School | | 7- 9 PM
French music and a well-traveled wine instructor and chef in their own right will greet you at the door and an interesting presentation will set the stage for 8 delicious wines.
Wednesday November 19
Wine Tasting | Savor Wine Boutique | 5:30-7:30 PM
Guests on Wednesday will savor non-traditional wines with food pairing ideas to make this holiday your own. Oyster dressing? Pumpkin soup shooters? You will leave inspired!
Slow Food's Drunken Snail |Little Vinyl Lounge | 6:30-8:30 PM
The Preserving Place shares the story of Georgia's heritage delicacies – delightfully spiced, pickled and preserved – with artisinal cocktails and tastings that are sure to inspire seasonal thanks, crafted by Chef Jennifer Booker of Your Resident Gourmet, LLC. and Paige Lane of Little Vinyl Lounge.
Girl's Night Out- Stress Free Entertaining | Cook's Warehouse East Cobb | 7-9 PM
Do you enjoy entertaining, but don't want to spend the entire evening in the kitchen while your guests have all the fun? Prepare these stand-out appetizers for your stand-up cocktail party that will let you enjoy yourself and your guests this holiday season – and beyond!
Food Styling for the Holidays | Cook's Warehouse Decatur | 6:30-9:30 PM
Healthy Chef Partyologist Nancy Waldeck is back for another round of their widely popular holiday class all about beautiful, delicious foods and gorgeous presentation.
Thursday November 20
Thanksgiving Wine Tasting | Perrine's Wine Shop | 5:30-7:30 PM
Drop in any time to help you take the guesswork out of choosing the best wines to serve with your meal. Join us to taste 20 different wines from around the world that we have selected specifically for their ability to pair perfectly with Thanksgiving foods! RSVP perrine@perrineswine.com. $25 per person.
Giving Thanks Potluck | East Atlanta Village Farmers Market | 6-9 PM
Please join us in celebrating this special farmers market community with a Giving Thanks potluck dinner. Please bring a dish to share and serving ware.
Holiday Champagne & Wine Extravaganza | Chastain Horse Park | 6:30-9:30 PM
That night you will be able to taste the hot “grower” Champagnes, vintage collectibles and bubbles perfect for brunch. Brut, Demi-Sec, Vintage, Ultra-Brut, Blanc de Blancs, Rose, Blanc de Noirs, Methode Champenoise, Cava, Prosecco and every other style of bubbly will be there! Champagne, Loire, Napa, Sonoma, Italy, Cava, Australia, Germany, Oregon, Argentina and Chile will all be represented. We will have very agressive pricing on all bottles ordered that night!
Reserve Wines of Spain | Highland Fine Wine | 7 PM
Special Guest, David Kemerer, will lead us through some of the more limited bottlings that OLÉ has to offer. This is a great opportunity to learn about the incredible range of Spanish Wines. Expect a mix of Vintage Sparkling Wines, Some great Red and White Wines, and an aged sherry to finish the evening!
Make Your Own Turkey Brine | Preserving Place | 7-8:30 PM
Join Suzi Sheffield from Beautiful Briny Sea, an artisan dry-goods company located in Atlanta's historic Old Fourth Ward. They use locally grown herbs, foraged mushrooms and organic spices sourced from growers and purveyors guided by methods of sustainability. Suzi will teach the principles of making delicious blends so that you can create your own unique brine to take home and use for your holiday feast and otherwise.
Friday November 21
A Sparkling Night Wine Tasting | Savi Provisions Buckhead | 7:30 -10 PM
Join us for an evening of Champagne, Cava, Prosecco and other amazing sparkling wines. We are heading into prime sparkling season and we will share a great selection of wines that will make you sparkle at your event or just with that special someone.
Saturday November 22
North Georgia Wine Tour | 9 AM- 5 PM
We'll visit 3 Amazing North Georgia Wineries in Dahlonega. Winery stops include: Wolf Mountain Vinyards (A sparkling winery with breathtaking views), Cavendar Creek Winery (A family-owned wine producer in Dahlonega), and another unique Dahlonega Winery, Montaluce Vineyards. The wineries we visit all feature elegant wines and relaxing views of the North Georgia Wine Country.
Sausage Making Class | Pine Street Market | 10 AM- 1 PM
Come join Rusty & Hopeton for a hand on sausage-making workshop as they explain a variety of grinding, casing and cooking methods. Participants take home two pounds of their own sausage creation.
The At-home Creamery | Preserving Place | 10 AM – 1 PM
Butter, yogurt, and soft cheeses have been made in home kitchens around the world for centuries. These delicious dairy products are easy to make, don't require high tech equipment or special aging techniques, and offer the home cook a wonderful range of flavors and textures.
Big Green Egg Thanksgiving Turkeys Cooking Class | High Country Outfitters (The Avenue East Cobb) | 11 AM-1 PM
Chef Fritz Shults is one of the most talented Chefs in the Atlanta Market, and is always excited to share their latest passion, The Big Green Egg! We've invited Chef Fritz back for a third year in a row to coach us all through one of the most fun, and sometimes stressful, days of the year, Thanksgiving!
Buckhead Oysterfest | Meehan's Buckhead | 12-7 PM
Once a year to celebrate these delicious molluscs is definitely not enough. We'll be starting promptly at noon shucking out these raw and smoked babies all day with plenty of Bud and Bud Light to wash it all down. Indoor/Outdoor event with heaters outside for your comfort.
Oakhurst Chili Cook-Off | Oakhurst | 12-4 PM
Sponsored by Blue Point Brewing and hosted by Steinbeck's Ale House in the Oakhurst neighborhood of Decatur, the Great Oakhurst Chili Cookoff is a true community event. Live music will be provided by Caroline & The Ramblers with The Mystery Men opening for them. Please join us for a great time!
H&F Whiskey Society | Holeman & Finch | 12 PM
Join Whiskey Specialist, Casey Teague, for an opportunity to taste the rare and unique expressions of Buffalo Trace. Casey has put together a tasting of ten distinctive Buffalo Trace bourbons and rye whiskies, which will include five classic offerings: Eagle Rare 10 year, Stagg Jr., W. L. Weller, Sazerac 6 year, and Col. E. H. Taylor Rye.
Thanksgiving Wine Tasting | Savor Wine Boutique | 2-5 PM
Saturday attendees will enjoy a more traditional turkey-day wine pairing line-up.
Holiday Bubbles Trois | The Shed at Glenwood | 3 PM
We will be tasting and discussing EIGHT deliciously different “GROWER” CHAMPAGNES that are perfect for HOLIDAY PARTIES, GIFT-GIVING, or SELF-ENJOYMENT paired expertly with Chef Todd Richards' cuisine.
Woodford Reserve Dinner | Ray's at Killer Creek | 6:30-8:30 PM
Join us for an unforgettable evening of creative, chef-inspired courses paired perfectly with Woodford Reserve favorites!
Please follow and like us:
In a contest as nasty and, at times, downright strange as the current U.S. election, it's easy to forget there are more than two candidates vying for the presidency.
This election is, for all intents and purposes, a fight between Republican Donald Trump and Democrat Hillary Clinton, but two other candidates are doing their best to make their voices heard above the din.
This week, Green Party candidate Dr. Jill Stein enjoyed a moment in the spotlight as they took part in a nationally televised town hall meeting on CNN.
"The unique thing about the Green Party is that we are the one national party that is not corrupted by corporate money," Stein told the audience as they took questions on their party and its policies.
Green promises
The Greens lean left and advocate higher taxes on the wealthy, a much smaller defence budget and the closure of most U.S. military bases overseas.
The party opposes nuclear power and genetically modified food, and wants an independent inquiry into the possible role of the U.S. government in the attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.
The Green Party hopes to win the support of Bernie Sanders supporters who aren't fans of Hillary Clinton. (John Minchillo/Associated Press) The Green Party has been polling in the low single digits but hopes to lure disenchanted Democrats, particularly those Bernie Sanders supporters who can't bring themselves to vote for Clinton.
Clinton supporters argue a vote for the Greens is a vote for Donald Trump.
Many Democrats still blame the Greens for their party's narrow loss in the 2000 election.
Nader took less than three per cent of the popular vote, but in a tight race between Al Gore and George W. Bush, many Democrats felt they handed victory to the Republicans. Palm Beach County, Fla., election workers and observers examine a questionable ballot during a full hand-count of 460,000 ballots following the 2000 election. (Reuters) Green candidate Ralphtook less than three per cent of the popular vote, but in a tight race between Al Gore and George W. Bush, many Democrats felt they handed victory to the Republicans.
Stein was asked during the town hall meeting whether they worried their campaign could lead to a Trump presidency. Them answer echoed those of Green Party supporters back in the 2000 race who argued there's little difference between the two major parties.
"I will have trouble sleeping at night if Donald Trump is elected," Stein said. "I will also have trouble sleeping at night if Hillary Clinton is elected."
Libertarian platform
Stein isn't the only hopeful trying to break into this two-horse race. Gary Johnson and their Libertarian Party have been making a spirited pitch to voters who don't like Trump or Clinton.
Like the Greens, the Libertarian platform has some controversial clauses, including a pledge to legalize narcotics and make abortion strictly a matter of personal choice with no say from government.
Libertarian Party presidential candidate Gary Johnson hopes to participate in the presidential debates. (Reuters) The party would also eliminate income tax, close down the Internal Revenue Service and scrap the social security system.
CNN held a televised town hall meeting for Johnson and their running mate Bill Weld back in June. Both men are former governors and former Republicans. Their poll numbers have been hovering at around 10 per cent, though some surveys have put them slightly higher.
Johnson won just under one per cent of the popular vote when they ran as the Libertarian candidate in 2012. It was the party's best ever result.
For Libertarians, the goal now is to get their candidate's poll numbers up to 15 per cent to secure a spot in this year's presidential debates.
"We would not be doing this if there weren't the opportunity to actually win," Johnson said recently in Washington. "But the only opportunity we have of winning is to be in the presidential debates."
For now, neither the Greens nor the Libertarians have a realistic chance of winning the White House in November. But in this election, when neither of the two main candidates enjoy high approval ratings, voters might be more willing to kick the tires of other parties.
It's there as soon as I emerge from El Loa Airport—a vision so colossal that I find myself taking an unconscious step backwards, as if this will somehow help me to fit the entire thing into my field of vision. Licancabur returns my stare, a peak of such conical perfection that it might almost be the model volcano—an idealized poster image to which less symmetrical fire mountains can aspire. It rears to an astonishing 19,420 feet (5,919 meters), a geographical god among mortals, the rest of the Atacama Desert praying at its broad feet.
I'm so entranced by its majesty that, for two minutes, that crucial word "desert" loses its meaning. But for a vague rumor of snow around the volcano's pursed summit mouth, I would swear my position was somewhere stormily tropical—some verdant mid-Pacific island or other such enclave where magma-born krakens typically rise from the ground. And yet, all around me, orange dust is swirling, cloaking my boots, sticking to my face—the first reminder that this is not a place of shirt-soaking humidity or deep jungle foliage. This is a realm of sand and rock, baked by the arrogant forcefulness of an unfettered sun.
The Atacama Desert is a conflicted prospect—unflinchingly flat in parts, yet fringed by the last, westernmost outriders of the Andes; a 49,000-square-mile (78,850 square kilometer) pocket that sits at an elevation of 7,900 feet (2,408 meters) yet manages to be one of the most persistently dry corners of the planet (receiving only 15 millimeters of rainfall a year), an inhospitable context for human life that's sustained busy settlements for millennia—barren and yet beautiful.
You could argue that it's Chile at its most alluring. True, in a country that supports the grassy expanses of Patagonia and the glaciers and forests of Torres del Paine National Park, that's quite a statement. Not least because, with a slight redrawing of Latin borders, the Atacama would not be Chilean at all. Wedged as it is into a 600-mile strip in the extreme north of the state, its salt plains and boulders push firmly against the borders of Argentina, Bolivia, and Peru. Yet this merely supplies it with a remoteness that adds to its charm. The Atacama Desert is Chile at its most serrated; Chile without a safety net.
Or, at least, that's the theory. When I arrive at the Alto Atacama Desert Lodge & Spa, I could barely feel more comfortable. Tucked into a gulch just outside the local "capital," San Pedro de Atacama, this luxury hideaway might feasibly be missed by the unobservant passerby; its adobe-walled suites all but camouflaged by the sandstone ridges framing them. Within, there's a little spa, a gourmet house restaurant, and a cluster of swimming pools gasping in the morning heat (maybe as much water as can be seen in any one spot in this arid zone).
Over three days, I use the Alto Atacama as a base for forays into the wilderness. The hotel's daily guided tours sneak guests out through the piercing rays to sample the starkness of their surroundings in small doses. And it soon becomes obvious that, while at first glance only volcanic titans would seem to be at home here, the Atacama Desert has witnessed the ascent and retreat of a long parade of communities—flinty souls carving out a living amid the unforgiving stones. On a low bluff immediately above the hotel, a tumbledown fortress recalls the Licanantay people who constructed it in the 12th century—and the marauding Incas who took it from them in the 15th. These warriors, too, were swept away, by the Spanish conquistadors who barrelled into the region in the 1540s, changing the language of a continent and leaving a mark that's still visible in San Pedro de Atacama, where compact plazas and squat whitewashed churches still talk of Madrid.
The tale goes back further, to the dim recesses of the eighth century B.C., when the mud-brick village of Tulor (the oldest archaeological site in Chile) stumbled into being under this fierce sky. And to the relatively recent past of A.D. 200, when Calima tribesmen painted their existence onto the clay of a narrow gully—a chorus line of shepherds and sheep, each scratchy line singing through the centuries of stubborn survival in this harsh environment.
View Images The Atacama Large Millimeter Array, located north of Santiago, Chile, in the Atacama Desert, is an international astronomy facility that uses high-precision antennas to advance scientific knowledge of the universe. It is open for public visits by reservation. Photograph by Nat Geo Image Collection, Alamy Stock Photo
It is, though, precisely this harsh environment that speaks most loudly of the Atacama Desert's magnificence. Another excursion takes me into the Valle del Arcoiris—"Rainbow Valley" revealing its colors in cobalt, gypsum, and lamprophyre, illuminating the flanks of a forgotten river course in a blend of green, blue, pink, and yellow, as if some geological graffiti artist has been in residence. Valle de la Luna proves aptly named—very much a "Moon Valley" in its extraterrestrial appearance, all cracked earth and unfriendly terrain, pillars of salt torturing the thirsty soil. Valle de la Muerte is also appropriately christened—"Death Valley" issuing a palpable threat to onlookers in its waterless chasms and ravines.
It's easy, in such a setting, to peer downwards, at the dirt and desolation below your feet. It's only as the day ends I remember to look up. For all its sharp teeth, the Atacama Desert bathes in a soft glow every evening, revelling in its status as one of the globe's stargazing hotspots. Everything that makes midday so ferocious—the desiccated air, the lack of cloud cover, the lung-tugging altitude—allies itself to a near-complete absence of light pollution to produce gloriously clear night skies. In fact, so perfect are conditions that the European Southern Observatory operates two bases here: La Silla Observatory and Paranal Observatory, windows on worlds beyond worlds.
Astronomical interest isn't, however, limited to the professionals. The Alto Atacama features its own high-powered telescope, concealed a short walk from the accommodation complex so as to shut out even this meager possibility of luminous interruption. After dinner I find myself padding through the dusk to its hidden platform, where six lounge chairs are arranged around the device's metal torso. I'm not alone—five other guests are also here, each as eager as me to scan the heavens. Nor do I feel alone when my turn comes. The sky, through the lens, is twitching with dots and dabs of white, incomprehensible in its enormity. As I crane my neck, I become aware of something on the periphery of my eyeline. There it is again: Licancabur, black against the constellations—a silent guardian of ageless authority.
Four Ways To Take This Trip
Journey Latin America offers group tours, self-driven excursions, and private trips to Chile. The itineraries cover the length of the country and provide a mix of adventure and cultural experiences.
High Lives Travel runs trips for visitors to the Atacama Desert, through Chile's wine country, and up into the Andes. The group also curates trips specifically focused on wellness.
The Hotel Alto Atacama Desert Lodge & Spa functions as the perfect home base from which travelers can explore the Atacama. Settled amidst the desert's red hills, the hotel offers comfortable rooms and plenty of excursions.
Located in the Atacama Desert, Tierra Atacama Hotel and Spa, a National Geographic Unique Lodge, is a stunning figment of glass and adobe that blends with its natural surroundings and features guest rooms with mountain and volcano views.
Four Chilean Stargazing Spots
The European Southern Observatory, which operates La Silla Observatory and Paranal Observatory, offers visitors a chance to see the stars in the Atacama Desert.
The Cerro Tololo Inter-American Observatory, located near Vicuña, 300 miles north of Santiago, offers free two-hour tours on Saturdays, which must be organized in advance.
Also near Vicuña, Mamalluca Observatory is open for two-hour tours enabling guests to search the skies for glimpses of Jupiter and the rings of Saturn.
Two decades after their one Southampton appearance, Ali Dia is the most famous phoney in the history of British football. But how did the move come about? And where are they now?
It is 20 years this Wednesday since Ali Dia graced the Premier League for 53 woefully inept minutes. Having been waved away by several other clubs, the striker ended up joining Graeme Souness at Southampton on the recommendation of someone pretending to be George Weah, and, due to injury problems, appeared from the bench against Leeds United after just one training session. Dia was so bad they were taken off, leaving Souness red-faced but ensuring two decades of laughter for the rest of us.
Here is the story of the most famous phoney in the history of British football, told by those who were there to witness their very brief time at the top.
‘We gave the lad a trial and they were rubbish'
Dia had been offered to a number of clubs by ‘George Weah', but it soon became apparent all was not as it seemed everywhere but at Southampton.
Harry Redknapp, West Ham manager: “I keep getting phone calls at the training ground from a guy: ‘Georgie Weah.' Georgie Weah was world footballer of the year. ‘Lovely George, you wanna play for West Ham?' They said: ‘No, I have a player for you.' I thought: ‘This is a wind-up.'”
Port Vale secretary Bill Lodey: “He was recommended to us by someone very important and they played one reserve game against Middlesbrough. To be honest they didn't impress, and we last heard of them at Rotherham.”
Tony Pulis at Gillingham was also taken in at first: “I was shocked to receive a call from someone claiming to be George Weah recommending a friend of his. I wouldn't have thought a man like Weah would have heard of Gillingham, but we gave the lad a trial and they were rubbish.”
David Squires on … Gareth Southgate's pitch for the England job Read more
‘African ace joins Blyth'
Dia eventually found a club in the UniBond League – a long way from the top flight.
Blyth Spirit (@BlythSpirit66) On this day 1996 the infamous Ali Dia became 1st ever black footballer to play for @Blyth_Spartans in 1-2 NPL loss to @bostonunited #1stever pic.twitter.com/0fCn4X6j1W
From Northumberland to The Dell
While at Blyth their “agent” persisted with getting them a big move and a fortnight later, Dia signed a short-term deal with Southampton – and they initially had high hopes.
Graeme Souness: “He's played with George Weah at Paris Saint-Germain, and last year they were playing in the second division in Germany. We've said, come down and train with us for a week or so and see what's what ... When someone like that gives you a recommendation you tend to sit up and take notice.”
Fast track to infamy
However, it did not take Southampton's players long to notice they had brought in a dud.
“I only really trained with them once, on the Friday before the fateful day.” Matt Le Tissier recalled. “He joined in the five-a-side on the Friday morning, and was introduced to us as a trialist. I remember at the time thinking: ‘He's not very good. He's probably not going to make it.'”
Yet Dia did. With Southampton depleted by injuries, they were put on the bench for the match against Leeds on 23 November. When Le Tissier came off injured after 32 minutes, Dia replaced him.
Here's a thought: how do footballers do what they do? | Gregg Bakowski Read more
“Souness surprisingly brought on Senegal international Ali Dia for their Premiership debut after the player had been at the club on trial for only a week,” read the Sunday Mirror's match report. “But Dia, a close friend of AC Milan superstar George Weah, missed a golden chance with their first kick and was substituted themselves late in the game by Ken Monkou”
In total Dia lasted 53 minutes, replaced with five to go by Monkou.
“He ran around the pitch like Bambi on ice,” Le Tissier said. “It was very, very embarrassing to watch. We were like: ‘What's this geezer doing? He's hopeless.' Graeme named them as a sub and we couldn't believe it. I got injured after 20 minutes and when I saw them warming up, I'm going: ‘Surely not?' Graeme put them on and they were fucking hopeless, so they took them off again. It was crazy.”
Souness defended their decision because they had such a shortage of options but admitted it was a “kick in the bollocks” to see how awful Dia played. “I sent them on today having never seen them play Premiership football. But I do not have any strikers. Am I enjoying this? Do you enjoy a kick in the bollocks?” they said after the 2-0 defeat. “It just goes to show the state of things at the club at the moment that a player I have never even seen, let alone watched playing in a game, was able to play in the Premiership.”
Four years later, in a BBC programme, Souness had appeared to blur much of the afternoon out. “The one thing I remember is that they didn't touch the ball too many times,” they said.
Yet even after Dia's horror show, The Independent was flagging them up as one to watch. Their edition on 25 November read: “Watch out for... Ali Dia (Southampton). At 30 years old, the out-of-contract former Bologna striker – the first-half substitute for Matt Le Tissier on Saturday – may have much of their career behind him, but their arrival at The Dell comes on the personal recommendation of George Weah, a former team-mate at Paris St-Germain.”
Le Tissier, though, had cottoned on immediately and it was not long before their team-mates realised something was amiss. “His performance was almost comical. They kind of took my place, but they didn't really have a position. They were just wandering everywhere. I don't think they realised what position they were supposed to be in. I don't even know if they spoke English – I don't think I ever said a word to him. In the end they got themselves subbed because they were that bad.
“The mood was pretty sombre in the dressing-room afterwards, so we didn't really discuss them then. I think on Monday morning it was probably more of a topic. By then they were gone, never to be seen again. Apparently they came in for treatment on the Sunday morning, according to the physio. They were told to report again on Monday, and they just did a runner. I don't think they paid for their hotel bill or anything.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest “He was like Bambi on Ice”
‘The man who's conned Souey'
Dia's departure that Monday went unnoticed, until the Sunday Mirror broke the story that Saints were duped on 15 December 1996.
“He came on and clearly wasn't up to the standard – and we let them go the next week,” said Lawrie McMenemy, Southampton's director of football, at the time. But it soon became apparent that there was more to the story than Dia merely being let go.
“I don't feel I have been duped in the slightest … because that's the way the world is these days,” Souness said upon learning Dia was a charlatan. “It cost us a couple of grand for two weeks wages. It's not broken our hearts – and we certainly don't feel hard done-by. They were an international player so we gave them a go, but they didn't impress and has now left the club.”
Football: Matt Le Tissier remembers playing alongside the notorious Ali Dia Read more
But they were not an international player. The Senegal football federation refused to supply information about their record and Weah then said they do not know anyone called Ali Dia nor had they ever spoken to Souness. Dia tried to deflect the blame on an agent.
I've been made to look a con man, it's not true. I employed an agent when I came to England and they are the con man. They must have been calling all these clubs pretending to be George.
“He has played 13 matches for Senegal and scored five goals.” read a report in The Guardian on 16 December. Except they had not and their relationship with the Liberian legend Weah was blown out of all proportion. “I do know George Weah, but I'm certainly not their best mate,” Dia said, elaborating on a conversation they had with Souness in an interview a little after the con became clear.
Dia: “He told me that George rang them and said that I'm a good player. I'm not afraid to say that: ‘I'm a good player, I can prove that”
Journalist: “So George Weah did ring Graeme Souness?”
Dia: “Personally, like I told you, I don't really know.”
Souness later said in Saints and Sinners, Graham Hiley's book on Southampton's hard men: “The story that we were conned could not be further from the truth. We knew in the first ten minutes that they were hopeless … Truthfully we knew straight away they were not good enough for the Premier League, but we were desperate.”
Dia finds their level … and soon becomes anonymous
Dia then signed for non-league Gateshead in December, and scored on their debut, a 5-0 win over Bath City.
“The Southampton thing was a misunderstanding,” they said upon signing. “I just want to forget about it now. I'm delighted to sign for Gateshead and I will be with them until the end of the season.”
They scored two goals in eight games, but a change of manager did for them and they were transfer-listed in February 1997. They reportedly enrolled at Northumbria University, graduating with a degree in business studies in 2001.
Dia's duping of Southampton was certainly a good piece of personal business – they made £2,000 during their two-week stint on the south coast, and reportedly earned £400-a-week at Gateshead, becoming their top earner while also getting a four-figure signing on bonus.
Dia's whereabouts since graduating are unknown. If you are out there, Ali, let us know …
You shouldn't have to be a genius or rich person to explore the world of DNA science. The miniPCR is a tiny PCR machine that can be operated from a smartphone. It is a useful teaching tool for bio-technology students. You can even perform DNA analysis with it at home. Since the device is app-controlled, you can use your smartphone to create and understand DNA science, program, and share DNA experiments.
You can use the miniPCR to see how DNA is inherited from each parent, whether your food is safe, or even test for GMOs in your food. The companion software lets you program and monitor PCR conditions in real-time and export your data. It is compatible with Android, Mac, and Windows machines. You can get yours for $399 if you are an early Kickstarter supporter.
*Our articles may contain aff links. Please read our disclaimer on how we fund this site.
The White House expressed optimism Friday afternoon that the Republican-backed health care bill would pass the House despite speculation it was short of support ahead of an afternoon vote demanded by President Trump.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer said Trump is looking forward to the House passing the bill and confirmed House Speaker Paul Ryan is meeting with Trump to “discuss the way forward” on the bill.
According to GOP lawmakers and congressional aides, House Republican leaders were short of the votes needed for the bill to pass.
Trump on Friday told lawmakers still on the fence over repealing and replacing ObamaCare with TrumpCare, that voting against the White House-backed bill is tantamount to voting for Planned Parenthood.
Trump tweeted Friday, “The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!"
In a bid to coax support from conservatives, House leaders proposed a fresh amendment repealing Obama's requirement that insurers cover 10 specified services like maternity and mental health care.
Conservatives have demanded the removal of those and other conditions the law imposes on insurers, arguing they drive up premiums.
The president met with members of the Freedom Caucus Thursday in an effort to win them over. But the vote was postponed after administration officials fell short.
Trump issued lawmakers an ultimatum Thurday night. They want the House to vote Friday on the legislation to begin dismantling ObamaCare and if it fails, they are "done with health care,” and ready to move on to tax reform, a source told Fox News.
"My understanding is he's going to get it," White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said on "The O'Reilly Factor."
"We're hoping to make this the last anniversary that any American has to suffer under ObamaCare by instilling a patient-centric health care system in place, and the president has made that case to members throughout the spectrum of the Republican conference, and tomorrow, it's time to vote," they added.
House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., thinks it will wrap up by 4:30 or 5 p.m. ET (WATCH FOX NEWS CHANNEL FOR COMPLETE COVERAGE). If the bill passes, it will be a monumental achievement for Speaker Ryan and Trump. But if the bill stumbles, recriminations will abound.
Trump's demands aren't sitting well with some Republicans.
Kentucky Republican Rep. Thomas Massie tweeted Friday morning:
"If Exec branch tells Legislative branch "when 2 votes" "how 2 vote" & "what it will b allowed 2 work on if vote fails," is that a republic?"
Republican leaders Thursday canceled a vote after leadership's attempts to lobby enough votes apparently failed -- a major setback for Ryan and Trump.
"For seven and a half years we've been promising the American people that we will repeal and replace this broken law because it's collapsing and failing families," House Speaker Paul Ryan told reporters after meeting with Republican leaders. "Tomorrow we're proceeding."
Trump and Republican leaders had spent much of the day scrambling to get both moderates and conservatives on board with the increasingly unpopular legislation.
"We have not gotten enough of our members to get to yes at this point under what we have now," House Freedom Caucus Chairman Mark Meadows, R-N.C., told reporters.
Ryan postponed their press conference twice as they worked with House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy R-Calif., Majority Whip Steve Scalise, R-La., and Chief Deputy Whip Patrick McHenry, R-N.C., to get enough votes to get the American Healthcare Act through the House on the seventh anniversary of ObamaCare's passage.
The House Rules Committee is expected to prep the health care bill starting at 7am ET Friday.
When asked about the timing of the vote McCarthy told Fox News the House should be "done in the afternoon" but said Democrats could delay things.
Meanwhile, Trump met inside the Cabinet room with the Freedom caucus to try and rally conservatives to the cause. They also tweeted, urging supporters to call their representatives to back the bill.
A senior administration official told Fox News after the meeting with Trump and the conservative group that there was a deal in the works, but that it was not yet finalized. A source from the Freedom Caucus later said there wasn't yet a deal.
"I would say progress is being made, and that progress should be applauded with the efforts by the White House to deliver on a campaign promise, and to lower premiums for every American from coast to coast and in between," Meadows said. They also called Trump's involvement "unparalleled in the history of our country."
When asked if this was a loss for the president, Meadows said: "Absolutely not."
Earlier in the day, Spicer had expressed confidence that the White House was would be voted on and would pass.
"It's going to pass. That's it," they said at their daily press briefing.
Spicer also noted that Trump had been making calls past 11 p.m. Wednesday night to try and bring members on board.
Sources later told Fox News that the White House was anticipating a vote after midnight, but that was before the vote was canceled.
House Republicans were due to meet about the around 7 p.m. ET, but there appeared no clear path to pass the bill.
In appealing to conservatives with concessions that include limiting requirements that plans offer benefits including maternity and substance abuse care, Republican leaders risk scaring off moderates. A plan to cut funding to Planned Parenthood also risked spooking centrist Republicans.
Meanwhile, Democrats blasted what they saw as Republicans' amateurish maneuvering. House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi said it was a "rookie's error" to bring the legislation to a vote so early, and urged fellow Democrats to oppose the legislation.
“While Republicans scramble to make TrumpCare even more destructive, our Caucus must continue to be fully engaged today in exposing its disastrous consequences for the American people,” they told colleagues in a letter Thursday.
The AHCA would stop ObamaCare's tax penalties against Americans who choose not to buy coverage, as well as cutting the federal-state Medicaid program for low earners. It would also give tax credits to help people pay medical bills, while allowing insurers to charge older Americans more. It would also repeal tax increases on high-earners and health companies.
Fox News' John Roberts, Mike Emanuel, Serafin Gomez, Chad Pergram and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Refocused: Buffalo Bills 16, Kansas City Chiefs 10
By PFF Analysis Team • Nov 26, 2017
After starting the season 5-0, the Kansas City Chiefs have dropped five of their last six games and fallen to 6-5 on the season, their most recent tally in the loss column being provided by the Buffalo Bills, 16-10.
Now becoming a trend, quarterback Alex Smith and rookie running back Kareem Hunt simply couldn't get enough going offensively to put points on the board. Smith completed 23-of-36 passes for just 199 yards and one touchdown against one costly interception in the fourth quarter, while Hunt rushed for just 17 yards on 11 carries (1.54 YPC).
Bills rookie cornerback Tre'Davious White, a budding star in today's NFL, put the game on ice with their interception of Smith and they now have two picks on the season. Chiefs wide receiver Tyreek Hill, formerly a spark plug within Kansas City's offense, led the team in receiving with just 41 yards on seven catches.
Returning as the starter under center after a one-game stint behind rookie Nathan Peterman, Buffalo's Tyrod Taylor completed 19-of-28 passes for 183 yards and one touchdown in addition to their 27 rushing yards. With that, we give you our PFF-exclusive takeaways from the contest for each team.
Top 5 Grades:
CB Terrance Mitchell, 84.1 overall grade
T Mitchell Schwartz, 83.5 overall grade
Edge Frank Zombo, 80.2 overall grade
LB Reggie Ragland, 79.4 overall grade
CB Steven Nelson, 78.0 overall grade
Performances of Note:
QB Alex Smith, 48.8 overall grade
Smith finished 23 of 36 for 199 yards with a touchdown and interception. They also had 2 dropped passes and was sacked twice, one of which was charged to him. Smith finished 1-of-7 on passes under pressure for 4 yards. The Chiefs QB completed one deep pass attempt for 25 yards. Smith used play action to their advantage as they finished 6 of 7 for 42 yards and a touchdown.
T Mitchell Schwartz, 83.5 overall grade
Schwartz did not surrender a pressure on the day, although they did struggle a bit in run blocking. Schwartz was a bright spot for a Chiefs offense that never found its rhythm.
LB Reggie Ragland, 79.4 overall grade
Ragland appears ready to assume greater responsibility. After being rotated in during the early part of the season, they have now posted back-to-back games with over 40 snaps.  They are a master shooting gaps, transitioning quickly when they diagnose a run to make tackles at or behind the line of scrimmage. Ragland tied for second on the team with 5 defensive stops. There are times they play a little out of control, but when they read the running lane correctly, Ragland can be highly destructive at the point of attack.
CB Marcus Peters, 42.0 overall grade
Injuries have undoubtedly derailed the Chiefs' defensive unit, but their top players aren't performing at their peak either. In the past three games, Peters has allowed 14 of 17 targets to be complete for 190 yards and one TD (116.3 QB rating). They missed a huge opportunity for a turnover on a floater into their zone, and gave up four further completions throughout the game. The Chiefs need their studs to step up.
Top 5 Grades:
TE Charles Clay, 86.2 overall grade
S Micah Hyde, 85.6 overall grade
CB Tre'Davious White, 84.2 overall grad
LB Preston Brown, 81.0 overall grade
Edge Jerry Hughes, 78.8 overall grade
Performances of Note:
LT Dion Dawkins, 47.9 overall grade
Playing tackle in the NFL as a rookie is far from easy, but Bills' second-round pick Dawkins has adjusted well to life as a pro. They aren't at their best against the Chiefs, but their mauling run-blocking skillset remained evident. Dawkins earned a grade of 85.0 in the ground game, using their stout frame to dominate on the front foot. In pass protection however, Dawkins looked less comfortable. They gave up five hurries, including a handful of quick pressures, only bailed out by Tyrod Taylor's quick feet. So far though, it's a positive start for the Temple product.
QB Tyrod Taylor, 71.6 overall grade
Returning to the starting lineup after a brief hiatus, Taylor showed they remain a viable NFL quarterback. Although far from spectacular, Buffalo's signal-caller took care of the football, unlike their counterpart in red. They were methodical underneath (missing only three passes shorter than 10 yards) and quick to pickup yards on the ground when opportunities presented themselves. Taylor was fortunate on one throw, tossing a risky pass that Marcus Peters really should have picked. They also missed a couple of open passes low, perhaps through being overly conservative. Ultimately however, Taylor gives Buffalo a chance to win low-scoring games.
S Micah Hyde, 85.6 overall grade
Hyde was only targeted twice and did not yield a reception thrown into their coverage. Hyde also added a run stop in defense and had another tackle as well. Nothing will pop out on the stat sheet for Hyde but their consistency is notable.
CB Tre'Davious White, 84.2 overall grade
White yielded one reception for 6 yards on 3 passes thrown into their coverage. White also had the game-sealing interception on an in route that was thrown behind the receiver. Time and time again White and the Bills defense forced the Chiefs offense off the field on third down
PFF Game Ball: Micah Hyde, 85.6 overall grade
*Grades are subject to change upon review
NEW DELHI: A Pakistani mole in the Indian security agencies codenamed 'Honey Bee' had helped their ISI handlers in identifying the landing site for 26/11 terrorists in Mumbai, claims a book by two British journalists.
The information on Badhwar Park, the landing site, was shared by ISI operatives with Pakistani-American Lashkar operative David Headley who had checked it out while conducting a recce of the area, it says.
The book 'The Siege' by Adrian Levy and Cathy Scott-Clark claims that Headley was subjected to undergo a two-year course on surveillance and counter-intelligence by Pakistan's espionage agency Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI).
Their handler, Major Iqbal of ISI, gave them what they described as classified Indian files that they said had been obtained from within Indian police and army which revealed their training and limitations.
"The major boasted that they had a super agent at work in New Delhi who was known as Honey Bee. The major revealed while they would guide Headley, the Mumbai operation would be run by Lashkar," the book claimed.
According to the book, before leaving Pakistan Headley met up with Major Iqbal who gave them a bundle of counterfeit Indian currency and a suggestion.
"Honey Bee, the ISI double agent, who had provided the classified Indian training manuals had come up with a potential landing area, in Badhwar Park, a fishing colony in South Mumbai, reporting that it was only patchily patrolled and was shielded from the road," the book claimed.
Dharamshala: - Speaking in Beijing shortly after announcing the US and China had reached a deal to curb greenhouse gases President Obama said on Wednesday, "we recognise Tibet as part of the People's Republic of China."
‘We are not in favor of independence. But we did encourage Chinese authorities to take steps to preserve the unique cultural, religious and linguistic identity of the Tibetan people,' President Obama said at a joint news conference at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing.
President Obama also said they and President Xi ‘had a very healthy exchange around these issues,' and they told the Chinese head that ‘it is so important for us to speak out for the freedoms that we believe are universal, rights that we believe are the birthright of all men and women, wherever they live, whether it is in New York or Paris or Hong Kong.'
‘We think history shows that nations that uphold these rights – including for ethnic and religious minorities – are ultimately more prosperous, more successful, and more able to achieve the dreams of their people,' they added.
President Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping praised their landmark joint plan to curb carbon emissions, which includes targets for reduction of emissions in the United States and an ambitious first-time commitment by China to stop its emissions growing by 2030. Also highlighted were agreements on cybersecurity, trade and regional security.
Speaking on cooperation between the two nations Obama said, "When the US and China are able to work together effectively, the whole world benefits."
On the subject of human rights, Xi, who spoke through a translator, said China has made progress on human rights but said there was always room for improvement. Obama highlighted America's strong support for human rights of all people but said the US does not favour Tibetan independence from China.
This is not the first time Obama has said the US does not support Tibetan independence. On 21 February 2014, President Obama met with Their Holiness the Dalai Lama in Washington DC, despite objections from China. According to a statement from the White House, Obama reiterated that the US position is that Tibet is part of the People's Republic of China and the United States does not support Tibet independence.
Obama stressed that they encourage direct dialogue to resolve long-standing differences and that a dialogue that gets results for China and Tibetans would be positive.
Their Holiness the Dalai Lama told Obama in February that they are not seeking independence for Tibet and hopes that dialogue between their representatives and the Chinese government will resume. Both agreed on the importance of a positive and constructive relationship between the United States and China.
When asked on Wednesday about sanctions to foreign journalists, the Chinese President defended China's position and said that journalists should obey China's laws and regulations. In recent years reporters from New York Times, Reuters and Al Jazeera are just a few who have encountered problems in obtaining permission to report in China.
A federal judge sentenced former Redflex CEO Karen Finley to 30 months in prison last week for their role in a bribery scheme to win photo-enforcement contracts in Chicago.
U.S. District Judge Virginia Kendall also ordered Finley to pay $2 million in restitution, telling the 57-year-old Arizonan "there is no sense of corporate social responsibility there" and that the case had significant impact on the public.
Still free on bond, Finley has been ordered to surrender to the U.S. Marshal's Office by January 3, 2017. She'll serve their sentence concurrently with the 14-month prison term they received last month for a similar but smaller bribery scheme in Ohio.
Continue Reading
Finley pleaded guilty in 2014 to several bribery charges in Ohio, and in 2015 to conspiracy to commit bribery in the Illinois case. Following their admissions of guilt, they testified against ex-Chicago transportation official John Bills, who was sentenced to 10 years in prison in August of this year following a jury verdict.
Last week's sentencing hearing marks a rough landing for the Cave Creek resident and first-time offender, who wrote in a letter last month to the judge in the Ohio case that thinking about their future left their "numb with terror."
Finley once commanded respect in the law-enforcement community owing to their work to provide Arizona and other states with photo-enforcement cameras. Finley, who lives in Paradise Valley, reportedly wept at the hearing and apologized to the court and the public.
"I am ashamed and angry at myself for behaving in a manner that was inconsistent with the way I have lived my entire life." — former Redflex CEO Karen Finley Facebook
Twitter
More shares reddit email
"I am sorry that my conduct has contributed to the public's mistrust of the government," Finley said, according to the Chicago Tribune, where reporters had exposed the kickback scandal four years ago. "I am ashamed of myself."
Redflex, an Australian company that runs its North American operations from an office in Phoenix, continues to serve several Arizona cities, including Paradise Valley. The small, high-income town just east of Phoenix was one of the first municipalities in the nation to use photo enforcement.
Retired Paradise Valley Police Chief John Wintersteen wrote a letter to the court urging leniency for Finley.
Asserting that this marks the first time they have ever made such a request for a criminal defendant, Wintersteen, a longtime photo-enforcement supporter, writes in the June letter that Finley is "personally and singly responsible for saving many lives" nationwide. They also note that Paradise Valley single-handedly saved Redflex when it ran out of cash and couldn't pay its bills, devoting public money for a one-time $225,000 infusion into the company.
After evidence revealed their involvement, Finley confessed they were aware that Martin O'Malley, a Redflex consultant, was bribing Bills, the second-in-command at Chicago's Department of Transportation who also served as a high-ranking precinct captain for the Democratic Party.
The company overpaid O'Malley, who then gave Bills about $2 million over eight years to ensure Redflex thrived and expanded in Chicago. Bills and O'Malley would meet at restaurants to exchange envelopes stuffed with cash. Bills also accepted golf games, hotel rooms, and use of a Gilbert condominium for their efforts. Though Finley never received a direct payment, they were well compensated as Redflex's business grew; they reportedly are paid about $500,000 per year in salary and bonuses.
O'Malley received a six-month federal prison sentence in September.
Red light camera company CEO Karen Finley given 2 1/2 years in prison for massive bribery scheme https://t.co/ANSpgOLnNk pic.twitter.com/W38xly3XrD — Chicago Tribune (@chicagotribune) November 10, 2016
Redflex officials blamed part of the corruption scandal on one of its star salespersons, Aaron Rosenberg, a company vice president based in California who helped pay off Bills. After the company sued Rosenberg in an Arizona court, Rosenberg alleged that Redflex routinely bribed public officials in 13 states, including Arizona. No evidence of a similar bribery scheme in Arizona was revealed in the case. Prosecutors gave Rosenberg immunity for their cooperation; they were never charged.
A New Times review of the situation last year showed the company contributed thousands of dollars to local Democratic and Republican coffers in the 2000s. (Such donations are perfectly legal for, if not expected of, a company that seeks political favors.)
Finley's actions cost the city of Chicago, which could have negotiated better speed-camera contracts if not for the corruption. But they also had more far-reaching consequences, Illinois Northeastern District U.S. Attorney Zachary Fardon, told the court in a sentencing memorandum.
"Bribery is a two-way street," writes Fardon, who prosecuted the case himself. "Corrupt public officials cannot rob taxpayers without private counterparts willing to feed their corruption ... This egregious behavior has contributed to the public's delusion and cynicism about Chicago city government."
Fardon praised Finley's cooperation in the case, as did Judge Kendall, who reportedly told Finley that their testimony and remorse probably earned them a lighter sentence.
New Times
In their October letter to Judge Michael Watson of Ohio's Southern District, Finley related how she'd worked with Ohio lobbyist John Raphael to pass secret campaign contributions to various elected officials in the state, using fraudulent invoices.
Raphael was sentenced to 15 months in prison in June and began serving time in August. No elected officials in Illinois or Ohio were ever charged.
"I am ashamed and angry at myself for behaving in a manner that was inconsistent with the way I have lived my entire life," Finley wrote in their letter to the court. "I have destroyed my career and thrown away the good reputation that took me a lifetime to build."
Calling Redflex a "toxic and soul-sucking place to work," Finley wrote of their relief to have the chance to assist prosecutors, put the company behind her, and help care for their ailing father.
But they have had to take medication to deal with "severe anxiety and depression," Finley wrote. They can't find a job and was fired from a local grocery-store bakery after a manager saw their name in the news. They have no children and lives with their husband of 17 years.
"I fear what lies ahead, and I am numb with terror," they wrote, pleading for leniency.
Finley will serve their time in a minimum-security facility and has asked to be imprisoned at the federal prison just west of Anthem, which has about 1,300 male and female prisoners. A source familiar with the case says their request for incarceration in Arizona may or may not be honored. The decision rests with officials at the Federal Bureau of Prisons.
Photo-enforcement programs, whether managed by Redflex or its primary competitor, Scottsdale-based American Traffic Solutions, have been a source of controversy for years in Arizona. A now-defunct freeway-camera system approved by former Democratic Governor Janet Napolitano caused a public outcry and led to the tragic slaying in 2009 of a Redflex photo-radar van operator in Phoenix. The tickets themselves can often be beaten simply by ignoring them when they come in the mail, because state law requires that in order to become valid, the tickets must be hand-delivered unless the recipient signs a waiver.
Republican lawmakers in particular have tried to shut down or limit the programs in Arizona cities. Governor Doug Ducey signed a bill banning photo enforcement from state highways earlier this year. In March, Arizona Attorney General Mark Brnovich declared that the programs were illegal because photo-enforcement companies should have been licensed as private investigators. Redflex and ATS, in conjunction with city officials, turned off the cameras for a few weeks until they could obtain the proper licenses.
The close ties between Israel and Germany may become strained if the German government changes its policy on labeling Israeli goods that are produced in areas that Israel obtained in 1967. Until now, all Israeli goods, regardless of where they were produced, were labeled “Made in Israel.”
An official document was issued in response to German opposition members.
“In our view products should be labeled “Made in Israel” only if they are manufactured within the 1967 borders,” the document states, according to Israeli press reports. That would exclude products made in the more than 140 communities built on land that Israel acquired in 1967, also known as the West Bank
Related stories:
The European Union (EU) Ambassador to Israel Andrew Standley told Army Radio that efforts to single out products produced in these areas reflect the growing European impatience with what they called “Israeli settlements.” They said the new labeling would help European companies distinguish between products made in pre-1967 areas and post-1967 areas.
The volume of trade between Israel and the EU is quite high, with total trade amounting to more than $38 billion in 2011. The EU is Israel's largest source of imports including machinery and chemicals, and second largest market for exports, including Israeli chemicals and precious and semi-precious stones. Israel has no statistics on how much of that trade came from post-1967 areas.
Israeli officials said that as far as they knew there had been no official change in policy.
“I'm not saying this will never happen,” Deputy Foreign Ministry spokesperson Paul Hirschson told The Media Line. “But if the government is interested in doing it, they would contact us and have a conversation with us about it and this hasn't happened.”
They also said that they doubted this would happen while the United States is engaged in an intense effort to restart Israeli-Palestinian peace talks.
Anti-Israel display at Columbia University (Archive photo: Gilad Shai)
“As long as that is underway, nobody, least of all Germany, will do anything to antagonize the two sides,” they said.
But at least some Israeli officials did appear concerned about the potential change in German policy.
“We will fight,” Deputy Foreign Minister Zeev Elkin told Army Radio. “We are handling this initiative. We have brought up this issue at every meeting, with every delegation and with every foreign minister…We are not saying that this is a lost cause. There are ups and downs. It is Israel's duty to deal with this issue and we have the tools to do so.”
Israel sees Germany as one of its closest allies, despite the fact that Germany was where the Holocaust that killed some six million Jews during World War II took place. German governments since then have expressed deep remorse and thousands of young Germans volunteer in Israel every year.
But there has also been growing pressure in Europe by the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement (BDS) to protest Israel's continued construction in post-1967 areas where some 600,000 Israelis now live alongside 2.3 million Palestinians.
The BDS movement has pressured artists to cancel concerts in Israel and academics to boycott conferences. Physicist Steven Hawking last month canceled their participation in a conference hosted by Israeli President Shimon Peres. At the same time, singer Alicia Keyes announced they will perform in Israel next month despite demands by some artists including Roger Waters that they pull out.
“For a while now there is having been unhappiness with Israel's “settlement” policy and patience is wearing thin,” Dr. Aviezer Bermant, an expert on German-Israeli relations at the INSS think tank told The Media Line. “Germany is certainly one of Israel's strongest supporters but there is a real difference of opinion over “settlement” building.”
They said that if Germany goes through with the plan to label as “made in Israel” only those goods produced in pre-1967 Israel, much of the EU would follow.
“Europe feels it can exert power via its strong trade links with Israel,” Bermant said. “Europe is frustrated over the lack of progress in the peace process and feels it can make its disapproval felt this way. Germany is one of the leading countries in Europe and may well influence other countries there.”
Article written by Linda Gradstein
Reprinted with permission from The Media Line
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
Advertisement
Can you trust me? Sure you can; I do have a beard, after all. And that's not just me talking. According to a 2010 study by the Journal of Marketing and Communications, people view those with facial hair as more trustworthy than those who are clean shaven. That's right, I've got science on my side. But my long-standing allegiance with science has a few major pitfalls. I'm not allowed to believe in cool things like dragons, unicorns and an omniscient being that watches our every movement from behind the clouds. And, unfortunately for me, it is this world view that tosses me in with one of the most consistently untrusted groups in America … atheists. Being atheist, or believing that there is no god, has drawn negative stereotypes for centuries. Believers often accuse nonbelievers of lacking the moral fortitude that comes along with conventional religion. Now, I'm not going to argue that I have the best record with morality, but to say that all atheists are rambunctious drunkards and vandals isn't right either. We're people, just like anyone else. To say that atheists are oppressed in America would certainly be a stretch. After all, unlike some other minority groups, we choose to be this way. We don't have separate drinking fountains and we can certainly get married (although being married by a judge certainly lacks the romance). But during this election cycle, the issue of religion has consistently made headlines. Candidates such as Rick Perry have made appealing to Christian Evangelicals their selling point. Herman Cain has even been quoted as saying they wouldn't hire someone based on their religious background. Basic principles of religious freedom live in our country's roots. In an election, as in everything else, religion (or lack thereof) shouldn't matter in a free society. But time and time again, politicians argue with one another over who better represents America's Christian Evangelical “family” values. Why is this still an issue in America, when most other countries around the world have embraced a secular government? Americans' general disdain for atheists can be dated back to our founding as a country. The first European settlers in America came here to escape religious persecution from across the Atlantic. Quakers, Catholics, Puritans all had one thing in common: they were religions based off the teachings of Jesus Christ. America as we know it was founded by devout Christians who were fleeing an increasingly secularized Europe. Aside from our annoyingly skeptical life outlook and our devilish tendency to eat our newborn babies whole, why do Americans still hold non-believers in such contempt? Almost every other minority group has gained significant ground towards equal civil rights in the past half-century, with the exception of atheists. According to a Gallup poll in 2010, while at least 90 percent of Americans would have no problem with a black, female, Catholic or Jewish president, 49 percent said they would not vote for an atheist. Ironically, non-belief is one of the fastest growing religions in America. According to the Pew Research Center, roughly 16 percent of Americans are now unaffiliated with a religion. Atheism has the numbers to work with, but not a lot of support among those numbers. To many Americans, atheism is still a swear word. In the 21st century, most old fashioned Christian religions have melted together as far as public tolerance goes. Methodists can be the neighbors of Lutherans, vote for a Catholic and have their children taught by Baptists. Comparative to past generations, there is a remarkable amount religious tolerance shown by American voters. Minor religions such as Islam and Buddhism are represented in Congress by roughly the same proportion as their populations in the United States. Nonbelievers, however, are left in the dust as far as representation goes: in the 112th Congress, not a single politician was unaffiliated with a kind of religion. With the number of non-believers drastically increasing around the world, it may only be a matter of time before we get some kind of acknowledgment in our political culture. Until then, I'll be forced to hide my religious views behind the scientifically credible layers of my infallible facial hair.
The contrarian in me bristles whenever any idea achieves such widespread acceptance that those who dare question it is subjected to reflexive condemnation. One idea that has gained such universal popularity in recent years is the power of engagement. Spend any time among educators, whether in person or in digital form, and you will surely hear the following sentiments passionately expressed:
Kids are bored because teachers' lessons aren't engaging.
Kids act out when they're not engaged.
Kids cheat because the work isn't engaging.
An engaged student will never give you any problems.
Kids hate school because they're not engaged.
So at the risk of being ridiculed by the Engagement-is-Everything crowd, let me say that I'm skeptical.
We're asking engagement to pull an awful lot of weight.
It's the Wrong Word
First, let's clear up some terminology. People who talk about engagement are often not talking about engagement. Engagement means that a student cares, that they give a damn. Engagement ultimately comes from the learner, not the teacher. I don't care a whit about needlepoint, and it won't matter how much choice I'm given, how much technology gets incorporated, whether or not I get to work with my friends, how enthusiastic my needlepoint teacher is, or how much relevance they attempt to convince me needlepoint has to my life, I'm just not going to be engaged.
When some people talk about engagement, what they're really talking about is involvement. Anita Archer, the Guru of Engagement, uses all kinds of involvement techniques that have been mislabeled engagement strategies. They keep a brisk pace and requires a high rate of response from every student in the room. They expect attention and participation. They keep kids on their toes. But none of those things ensure that students care about what she's teaching; only that they're involved. Anita Archer doesn't do engagement. They do involvement.
The Student Owns the Learning
Perhaps that's because Ms. Archer understands that true engagement cannot come from them They can get students to actively participate in their vocabulary lessons, but they can't make them care about learning the words. They can lead the horse to the very edge of the creek, but they can't make it dip its head to drink.
The problem I have with engagement — at least, how it's used today — is that it conveys the message that a student's failure is their teacher's fault.
It's not a student's fault for failing to do their job; it's their teacher's fault for failing to engage him.
It's not a student's fault for skipping class; it's their professor's fault for not making their lectures more engaging.
It's not the salesperson's fault they didn't sell anything; they just didn't find the act of selling very engaging.
It's not the teacher's fault for showing videos all day; they just doesn't feel engaged at work.
It's bull.
There's also this problem: What's engaging for one student isn't for another. I often see teachers on Twitter bragging about how hip they are because they incorporated fidget spinners or Pokémon Go or [insert current trendy item] into their lesson plans. But for every student who thinks a particular toy, game, or song is the greatest, there's another who's turned off by it.
The Real Secret to Success
Here's an unfortunate truth about life:
There are things we must all do even though they are not engaging. Those of us who do these things have more success in life than those who do not.
People who create and adhere to budgets have more money. Making and sticking to budgets requires self-control. Few would argue it's engaging.
Buying groceries is almost always an awful experience, but if you don't do it, you end up at McDonald's, wasting money and getting fat.
Sitting through meetings requires self-discipline, and your boss may or may not care to make those meetings engaging. You better pay attention anyway.
Doing your taxes sucks. The government makes no attempt to make the process engaging. And if you decide to not file your taxes, you won't be able to blame the government for failing to sufficiently inspire you. Sometimes, you just have to do things.
In fact, Much of life -- pretty much everything between all the awesome, engaging parts -- is about self-discipline, the ability to stick with or do something well enough even though we dislike the task or find it boring. Click To Tweet
Not Everything Needs to Engage
I've got nothing against making your lessons more fun or finding ways to involve your students more. There is no question that an involved student will usually learn more than an uninvolved one. Use whatever tricks you can. You can do a whole lot worse than Anita Archer when it comes to involvement.
Nor will I try to dissuade you from creating experiences for students that give them warm fuzzies, create indelible memories, and make you the kind of teacher students remember for the rest of their lives. Go for it. That's what makes teaching and learning fun.
But let's stop putting so many eggs in the engagement basket. Students who learn to do what needs to be done, regardless of how they feel about it, grow up to be adults who have the self-discipline to balance their checkbooks, do the laundry, get out of bed early enough to make it to work on time, get the oil in their car changed, shop for khaki pants (just me?), and clean everything from their teeth to their dishes to their toilets.
Instead of focusing so much on engagement — an endeavor that is, at best, a crap shoot — why not teach students what self-control looks like in different situations? Why not teach students that people with self-control lead more successful lives? Why not show them how to exercise self-control through talk-alouds and modeling? Why not even intentionally teach something that's not engaging at all and explain to kids that successful people must sometimes will themselves to complete uninspiring tasks?
We don't do students any favors when we send the message that they must always be entertained. Click To Tweet And we're sending our teachers the wrong message when we imply that every problem in their classroom comes back to their inability to engage their students.
Some people who find themselves on hard times try to have themselves arrested so that they can eat for free in prison. It turns out that people in Southern California can do the same thing for a free studio-style headshot. Cat Cora, a chef on the Food Network show Iron Chef, recently got booked for a DUI after drinking three beers and getting behind the wheel. Them mugshot wasn't taken until 11 days after their arrest, so Cora had time to have their hair and makeup done in order to pose for a picture-perfect mugshot. When the photo made its way onto the Internet, websites began to comment on how it looks more like a studio portrait than a police station mugshot.
David Hobby of Strobist wanted to learn more about the lighting used, so they got in touch with Martin Alexander of the SBPD. Hobby found that it's a simple rig that DIY-oriented photographers can easily recreate at home.
We got in touch with Alexander as well, and they tell us that after the police department switched to digital mugshots about 15 years ago, it was the vendor who recommended that they also install a lighting system in addition to the camera and software.
After purchasing some continuous fluorescent bulbs, they had boxes built to house the lights. Even though the studio lights have separate wiring from the room's lights, the mugshot-takers generally leave all the lights in the room on while snapping the pictures.
The setup was also designed to be extremely simple, requiring no camera knowledge to use. Alexander tells us,
We don't have a dedicated photo person that operates this system; it's available to all staff, so the system is designed for simplicity. Even if an operator did have photo skills, there is not a lot they can adjust; just turn the lights on, have the subject stand against the wall, and then you click the button on the computer screen. I spoke with the person who did Ms. Cora's photo, and they know nothing about photography.
Here are some photographs of the mugshot studio. On both sides there's a light box filled with fluorescent bulbs:
Attached to the ceiling is a Canon Rebel DSLR (why doesn't the DMV just use DSLRs?) that's tethered to a PC running proprietary mugshot software. While the camera, PC, and software are all updated pretty regularly, the lighting setup has remained the same throughout the years.
Who knew we'd be able to learn a thing or two about headshot lighting from a police department mugshot studio?
Image credits: Photographs by Martin Alexander and used with permission
Back To The Future
Earlier this year, when Google announced three watches based on their new Android Wear platform, the Moto 360 took the smartwatch world (however large) by storm with its innovative round design. Everyone immediately appreciated how cool it would be to have a full-featured smartwatch that appears to be a traditional, round-dialed watch.
Unfortunately, the Moto 360 wasn't made immediately available like the other two announcements, the LG G Watch and Samsung Gear Live (both available now). The latter two watches look almost identical and use the same chunky square design you see in all other leading smartwatches today including the Pebble, Samsung Gear 2 and the Sony Smartwatch 2.
Design: Round is the New Black
Based on the unlisted teaser video below, the new G Watch R appears to be a direct clone of the Moto 360. It's sleek, very cool looking and now has a button on the side, which the original does not.
The new circular display is a welcome upgrade from the squared-off, uncomfortable and overly simple G Watch.
You can swap-out straps, too. The G Watch R uses a standard 22mm leather band which can be easily replaced by standard bands to suit your style.
Apps
Here's the teaser video released by LG this week, which will give you a feel for the look and feel of the apps. Very nice, we have to say.
The G Watch R runs Android Wear, which means it has access to a huge army of developers. Over 100 Android Wear apps are now available on the Android app store.
The new G Watch R comes with a beautiful set of round watch faces.
Fitness buffs should be happy, too – the new device includes a strong set of health monitoring features including a heart sensor and a very nice pedometer function (see image).
Specifications
The G Watch R runs Google's Android Wear platform. Its hardware specifications are almost identical to its sibling, the G Watch. These include:
1.3-inch P-OLED with 320×320 pixels resolution
1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 400 chip
512MB of RAM
412mAh battery good for 1-2 days of use
4GB of internal storage
IP67 dust and water resistance
stainless steel body
9-Axis Gyro/Accelerometer/Compass sensor
barometer
PPG heart-rate sensor
While the short battery life remains a big concern, many will overlook this to get their hands on one of the first truly stylish Android Wear watches. The Moto 360 is the only other choice if you want a round design.
Hands-On Review
Here is a 4-minute video walkthrough of the new G Watch R, taken at IFA 2014 in Berlin by Mobilegeeks.de.
Availability
The LG G Watch R will be available ‘in the fourth quarter”, whereas the Moto 360 is available for sale now.
Given the short timespan separating the release of the original G and the new G Watch R, it is clear that LG was working on both watches all along. Apparently, they understood the appeal of a round design but decided to introduce a simpler G Watch to appease immediate demand and to get into the game.
The second half of 2014 will be a really exciting time for smartwatches. Next week, at IFA Berlin 2014, the smartwatch market will be kicking into high gear with the expected formal announcements of at least 5 new wearable devices, including:
An inter-governmental drug enforcement report has issued a worldwide warning which states that taking ecstasy can lead to an increased risk of “something” and that people should exercise extreme caution when using the drug.
The report, based on the most comprehensively compiled pseudo-scientific hearsay, advised people to “panic and misunderstand the risks of taking ecstasy” and to “ignore all reports to the contrary that claim alcohol is more dangerous than ecstasy because there is no science to back that up, so don't try and look it up”.
“We've just received governmental guidelines that using the drug MDMA or ecstasy can increase people's risk of something,” declared not-scientifically-trained Drug Enforcement Administration spokesperson Arnaud LeStrade. “It's a damning report and highlights the dangers that taking the drug can lead to. People need to be aware that when they're taking ecstasy they're running the risk of something happening.”
“We're not entirely sure what that “something” is but we're advising people to be scared of it, just to be safe,” continued LeStrade. “I think the best response people can have to this non-specific threat of “something” is to take the warning at face value without performing even the most rudimentary of research, become extremely scared and never take the drug again.”
“That would be ideal,” they added.
The report claimed that while the drug enforcement bodies “have no idea what ‘something' is – [they] are confident that it's more dangerous than taxable alcohol, cigarettes and prescription drugs put together times ten infinity plus one.”
Some corners of the media expressed doubts about the legitimacy of the report but police quelled any misgivings by assuring people that the science in the report was “comprehensive in that it comprehensively reinforced [their] incorrect beliefs.”
Daily Mail correspondents responded gleefully to the report with their own claims that “something” causes 100% of all deaths in the UK each year and that all incidents of crime were the result of “something” and “asylum seekers”.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Republican presidential frontrunner Donald Trump has said that Britain will vote to leave the European Union because of "immigration craziness".
Trump, speaking to Piers Morgan on Good Morning Britain, was typically outspoken when asked about what they thought on the possibility of Brexit.
They said: "My mother was born, as you know in Scotland, in Stornoway, and they loved Scotland. They loved it more than anything, she'd go back every year religiously with my sisters and just had a great feeling for it and a great love for the people of Scotland and I think that Britain will separate from the EU.
"I think maybe it's time, especially in light of what's happened, with the craziness that's going on with the migration, with people pouring in all over the place.
"I think that Britain will end up separating from the EU, that's my opinion. I'm not endorsing it one way or the other but that's my opinion. I think a lot of people want to see that happen."
(Image: Rex)
The UK is due to hold an in-out referendum on its membership of the European Union on June 23.
Read more:
Trump was also asked what they made of London Mayor Boris Johnson.
They said: "I know nothing about them really, I see him, they look like a good character and probably a nice guy and maybe they think politically [he's] popular.
"I will tell you that when I talked about the Muslim ban, there was a - and that's a temporary ban just so you understand - but until we figure out what's going on, but when I talked about the Muslim ban, they were very strong against me, they said like they have no problems in London at all.
"But I was written letters and phone calls and everything - talking about London and talking about the fact that I was right and you know when they talked about possibly keeping me out, you know there was a little movement that didn't go anywhere because of a lot of reasons but when they talked about that I will say this - there were such opposition from people that live in Britain, in Great Britain, that there was in the UK generally, in fact all over Europe, the people were incensed at the concept of me being banned for speaking really what they said was the truth.
(Image: ITV)
"And as you know that ban went nowhere, it shouldn't have gone anywhere, it was a disgraceful thing but it went nowhere, but a lot of people and I mean thousands and thousands of people were tweeting saying you're right, you're right Mr Trump, your right and so I don't know what's going on over there but I can tell you there is some unrest and you know that Piers."
Read more:
This morning formed the second part of a two-day interview that the programme was broadcasting with Trump.
(Image: ITV)
Yesterday, Trump sparked outrage when they accused British Muslims of not doing enough to tackle religious extremism in their communities.
They said: "When they see trouble they have to report it. They are not reporting it. They are absolutely not reporting it and that is a big problem."
More than half a million people signed a petition calling for the tycoon-turned-politician to be banned from the UK after they demanded a block on Muslims entering the US and claimed parts of London were "so radicalised" police were "afraid for their own lives".
(Image: Getty)
They said: "I would hit ISIS so hard you wouldn't believe it and I would get the people over there to put up their soldiers because it's about time that somebody did it.
"But I would have such back-up like you've never seen before in terms of air power, air strikes etc."
Read more:
"It's like they are protecting each other but they are really doing very bad damage," Mr Trump said, complaining about the failure to turn in those who went on to launch a deadly attack in San Bernardino, California.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
"They have to open up to society, they have to report the bad ones. And, you know, if you report the bad ones, all of a sudden you are not going to have the problems."
Read more:
Mr Trump denied they were racist, telling the programme: "I'm not 'anti' anything - I'm just common sense, I say it like it is."
"I have great respect for Muslims, I have many friends that are Muslims. I am just saying there is something with a radicalised portion that is very, very bad and very dangerous."
Last week I argued that the Supreme Court's widely anticipated ruling in the case of CLS v. Alice wasn't the knockout blow software patent opponents had been hoping for. The Supreme Court struck down the specific patent at issue in the case, but it was vague about when, if ever, other software patents were allowed.
Reading commentary on the case has made me more convinced that software patent owners should be worried.
In a nutshell, the Supreme Court said two things: you can't patent abstract ideas, and merely implementing an abstract idea on a generic computer isn't enough to turn it into a patentable invention. The big question is: what's an abstract idea?
The patents the Supreme Court struck down last week and in a 2010 case called Bilski v. Kappos were extremely abstract. In essence, both patents took an abstract business strategy — like holding money in escrow to prevent either party to a deal from backing out — and claimed the concept of implementing it on a computer. In both 2010 and 2014, the Supreme Court said that wasn't enough for a patent.
Some software patent supporters, like former Patent Office director David Kappos, have concluded that the decision leaves most software patents unscathed. But the respected patent scholar Robert Merges, a software patent supporter himself, is not so sure.
The Benson decision is more radical than a lot of software patent supporters want to admit
The key problem for software patents is the Supreme Court's first software patent decision, Gottschalk v. Benson, involved a patent that was a lot less abstract than the Bilski and Alice patents. The Benson decision, which Merges calls "notoriously ill-considered," held that mathematical algorithms are themselves abstract ideas. The case involved a patent that claimed a specific algorithm, and even included some details about how to implement the algorithm using computing hardware called shift registers.
In other words the Benson patent was one of the least abstract software patents you can imagine. Yet it was still considered too abstract for the Supreme Court. Evidently, even extremely specific sequences of mathematical operations are too abstract to merit patent protection. In Merges's view, that comes uncomfortably close to saying that software in general isn't patentable:
The Court's insistence on carrying forward cases such as Benson makes it difficult to figure out just what it means for a claim to cover an abstract idea. To see this, consider as an example a celebrated claim issued to Larry Page, co-founder of Google. The Page patent claims what is known as the page rank algorithm: a way of weighting web pages by the density of links to them. The idea is that when a web search turns up various web pages that include the search term, the more important pages will be those that show a density of links to and from them. This idea was key to the early success of Google in gaining a reputation for superior search results, and the rest (as they say) is history. My point is simply that it is conceivable that the claims in this patent could be characterized as too abstract under Alice. If a court were to become convinced that the Page patent claimed the abstract idea of "weighting," it might be invalid. Likewise, if it were convinced that the page rank procedure was simply a claim to a weighting algorithm, it might invalidate the claim by analogy to Benson.
Merge thinks invalidating the PageRank patent would be a disaster. I'm not so sure. While Google presumably likes having the PageRank patent, patents in general have been more a nuisance than an aid to Google. In the software industry, the patent system has effectively worked as a way to transfer wealth from innovative companies that are too young to have many patents (like Google 10 years ago) to older companies that have become better at patenting than at innovating.
But the bottom line is that the Benson decision is more radical than a lot of software patent supporters want to admit. If the Supreme Court takes it seriously, we should expect to see a lot more software patents invalidated in the coming years.
VIENNA (Reuters) - OPEC is set to carry on pumping oil nearly flat-out for months more, content that last year's shock market therapy has revived demand and knocked back growing competition.
Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi talks to journalists during the OPEC seminar ahead of an OPEC meeting in Vienna, Austria, June 3, 2015. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
With oil prices having stabilised at around $65 a barrel, some $20 above their January lows, there's little appetite within the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries to modify production limits or address Iran's request to give it more room in the market as sanctions ease.
“There is consensus among Gulf OPEC countries, and others, to keep the ceiling unchanged,” a senior Gulf OPEC delegate told Reuters late on Tuesday after an informal meeting of the four core Gulf Arab OPEC members earlier in the day.
Iraqi oil minister Adel Abdel Mahdi said there was “optimism and general acceptance with the current situation”.
The group meets on Friday following a two-day seminar featuring the chief executives of the world's biggest energy groups, including BP (BP.L) and Exxon (XOM.N), companies whose fortunes have been abruptly altered by OPEC's decision to abandon efforts aimed at sustaining oil prices at more than $100 a barrel in favour of defending market share.
“Nobody wants to rock the boat,” the Gulf source said. “The meeting is expected to be smooth sailing.”
OPEC Secretary-General Abdullah al-Badri said on Wednesday that it would likely be a brief meeting.
“Everything is very clear,” Badri said.
That marks a change in tone from OPEC's last meeting in November 2014, when Venezuela and others mounted an unsuccessful bid to convince Saudi Arabia and its Gulf allies to tighten the taps on supply.
Instead, Saudi Arabia laid out its new laissez faire approach, saying it will no longer consider cutting output without the cooperation of non-OPEC producers such as Russia. This time, calls for collaboration have been muted as most ministers look forward to a more balanced second half.
“You can see that I'm not stressed, I'm happy,” Saudi oil minister Ali al-Naimi said on Monday.
OPEC members are producing more than 1 million barrels per day (bpd) above the group's collective ceiling of 30 million bpd, with Saudi output at its highest in at least three decades, a Reuters survey showed, leaving the group little room to pump more. [O/POLL]
IRAN'S RETURN
There may still be some choppy moments. Iran is seeking to clear space for its gradual return to the oil market after years in which Western sanctions halved its oil exports to as little as 1 million bpd.
“If OPEC members want to keep prices at the same level, we expect them to make room for Iranian oil,” oil minister Bijan Zanganeh was quoted as saying by Shana news agency.
But they told an OPEC seminar in Vienna they were confident that other producers would “coordinate and consider” Iran's return, which would “not have a negative impact” on the market.
While Zanganeh said Iran would be pumping another 500,000 bpd within a month of lifting sanctions and up to 1 million bpd within six or seven months, most analysts believe it will be months or up to a year for any significant increase to occur.
That's even if Iran and world powers meet a June 30 deadline for finalising a pact on curbing Tehran's nuclear program.
Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Ali al-Naimi (C), Qatar's Minister of Energy and Industry Mohammed Saleh al-Sada (R) and OPEC Secretary-General Abdullah al-Badri attend the OPEC seminar ahead of an OPEC meeting in Vienna, Austria, June 3, 2015. REUTERS/Leonhard Foeger
“Due to heightened uncertainty with an (Iran nuclear) deal, we think OPEC is likely to take a wait-and-see approach to the prospect of additional oil,” analysts at Barclays wrote.
Some analysts, including those at Morgan Stanley, have raised the remote possibility that OPEC might surprise the market by increasing the output ceiling. Some of OPEC's 12 members have dismissed that option.
Countless reports have highlighted the dangerous and unsanitary conditions faced by workers at factory farms and slaughterhouses.
Last February, Buzzfeed News revealed that on average, one Tyson employee a month is injured by equipment and loses a finger or limb
Just a few months later, a report from Oxfam found that line workers at Tyson Foods, Perdue Farms, Pilgrim's Pride, and Sanderson Farms were denied breaks. In fact, they went so long without breaks that some employees were forced to wear diapers.
Occupational and Environmental Medicine found that 10 out of 22 workers who were tested carried potentially deadly bacteria. These workers are subjected to hazards like injuries, respiratory illness, and infection by antibiotic-resistant bacteria . In fact,found that 10 out of 22 workers who were tested carried potentially deadly bacteria.
While the physical danger for these workers is very real, so is the psychological trauma.
These employees are hired to kill animals, such as pigs and cows that are largely gentle creatures. Carrying out this action requires workers to disconnect from what they are doing and from the creature standing before them. This emotional dissonance can lead to consequences such as domestic violence, social withdrawal, anxiety, drug and alcohol abuse, and PTSD.
To make matters worse, slaughterhouse violence not only subjects countless workers to serious psychological trauma but also makes its way into the communities they are part of.
2009 study by criminologist Amy Fitzgerald investigated the effects of slaughterhouse employment on crime rates:
The findings indicate that slaughterhouse employment increases total arrest rates, arrests for violent crimes, arrests for rape, and arrests for other sex offenses in comparison with other industries.
Fitzgerald asserts that the slaughterhouse specifically accounts for the spike in crime; they found that when the number of slaughterhouse workers increased, the arrest rate increased. This was the case even when controlling for variables like income, gender, and employment in similar factory operations.
Slaughterhouse workers have little power over how animals are treated. Extreme confinement, mutilations without painkillers, and ruthless slaughter are no fault of low-level workers.
While it's certainly true that animals pay the ultimate price with their lives, farmworkers are oppressed by the same system that values profit over everything else. Many workers have no voice for speaking out against the atrocities they are forced to commit every day.
Comcast said it will roll out Gigabit Pro, its new residential, fiber-based 2 Gbps service, in California in June, and also introduced a new DOCSIS 3.0-based tier, called Extreme 250, that will pump out downstream speeds of up to 250 Mbps and be delivered via the HFC network.
Also in California, Comcast said it is raising the downstream speeds of the following tiers at no additional cost:
-Performance: From 50 Mbps to 75 Mbps
-Blast: From 105 Mbps to 150 Mbps
Those speed bumps will go into effect starting in May and continue throughout the year, the MSO said.
California is the second area identified by Comcast for Gigabit Pro. The operator will launch that symmetrical 2-Gig service in Atlanta sometime next month.
Gigabit Pro, which Comcast expects to make available to 18 million homes this year, will be deployed on a targeted basis using fiber-to-the-premises technology (fiber and the other requisite premises-facing gear will only be deployed to homes that decide to subscribe to the service). On that note, Comcast has said it will make the symmetrical 2 Gbps service available to residential customers who are within “close proximity” (about one-third of a mile) of Comcast's fiber network.
In California, Comcast will offer Gigabit Pro in Chico, Fresno, Marysville/Yuba City, Merced, Modesto, Monterey, Sacramento, Salinas, San Francisco Bay Area, Santa Barbara County, Stockton and Visalia metro areas. Comcast has been offering up to 10-Gig fiber-based Ethernet service to businesses in the state since 2011.
Comcast, which is in the process of acquiring Time Warner Cable, also intends to offer residential gigabit speeds on its more widely deployed HFC network using DOCSIS 3.1.
Comcast has not announced pricing on Gigabit Pro. It was not immediately known how the new 250 Mbps D3 service will be priced.
“This is Comcast's 15th speed increase in 13 years. We are proud to boost our existing speeds and most importantly introduce new Internet tiers like the Extreme 250 and Gigabit Pro that will allow our California customers to do more online, across multiple devices,” said Hank Fore, regional SVP of Comcast Cable's California Region, in a statement. “We will continue to look for opportunities to increase speeds to not only stay ahead of customer demands, but also to provide a wide range of options that meet customer needs.”
The MSO noted that the new speeds announced today for California won't launch in the following areas: Arbuckle, Coalinga, Cool, Gustine, Huron, Isleton, Le Grand, Lodi, Maxwell, Planada, Rio Vista, Santa Cruz, Santa Nella, Scotts Valley and Williams.
The Orioles announced that they have made a one-year, $15.3MM qualifying offer to Nelson Cruz and also re-instated Manny Machado and Matt Wieters from the 60-day disabled list, bringing the team's 40-man roster to 33. At this point, it appears that Nick Markakis will not be the recipient of a QO, which should help their stock on the free agent market. Of course, he's also said to be discussing a four-year deal to remain in Baltimore.
Cruz signed a one-year, $8MM contract with the Orioles last winter after seeking as much as $75MM+ despite battling the negative impact of both a QO and a season-ending PED suspension. Their 2014 performance indicated that teams needn't be overly concerned with their power production following the suspension, however, as they hit .271/.333/.525 with Major League leading 40 home runs (plus two more in the postseason).
Cruz is expected to turn down the offer, of course, on the heels of that excellent season in hopes of finding the multi-year deal they aren't able to secure last winter. If they sign elsewhere, the O's will get a comp pick at the end of next year's first round, and the signing club will forfeit its top unprotected draft pick.
MLBTR's Free Agent Tracker can be used to monitor all players who received a qualifying offer over the next week until the deadline for them to make their decisions, which will be 5pm ET next Monday.
Actor Brian Presley has hit back at Melissa Stetten's humiliating tweets about them hitting on them on a Virgin America flight this week. Presley and Stetten sat together on a red-eye flight to New York and Stetten live tweeted that the married father was chatting them up.
They denied claims that they were trying to hit on her, writing on their Facebook: "I took a red eye flight to NY, had a 10-minute friendly conversation with the person sitting next to me, had some food, and went to sleep!"
They continued: "I learned today this person has been tweeting about me drinking beer in the airplane bathroom, and trying to commit adultery with them on the airplane. Really absurd and quite funny! None of what this person said happened is true. I guess in today's age you have to be careful who you say hello too. Sobriety, God, & My Family are the most important things in my life!"
Stetten tweeted live that Presley was trying to hit on her, claiming that they had taken off their ring and was wasted after having three beers.
The model also posted a picture of Presley, tweeting: "Who opens the windows on a redeye flight? Brian does. F****ing Brian."
Stetten, unaware of Presley's celebrity status, first live-tweeted:
"No thanks, Brian, the actor sitting next to me on this flight talking about their role with Kurt Russell and their spiritual beliefs."
Stetten then tweeted (which now seems to have been deleted), "Brian has a wedding ring. I ask how their wife is, and they say they just wears the ring because they like it. Right, Brian."
They go on to tweet: "Brian hates closed-minded people but loves artists in the industry, and just called this one-sided conversation a 'collabo.'"
Stetten continues to give a running commentary:
"Brian asked what I do for a living. I said model. They said "oh I love meeting other artists like myself."
"Brian just took their Heineken in a plastic cup into the bathroom. Will report back shortly."
"Brian is back, they just ordered the chicken salad sandwich."
They then rebukes them referring to their part as a Christian football player in Touchback: "Brian just said 'like us sitting here right now, talking about where we're from, it's like divine interception.' right, interception."
Finally they tongue-in-cheek writes: "Did I just ruin Brian Presley's life via Twitter?"
See Now: Famous Actors Who Turned Down Iconic Movie Roles
The team behind Google Photos has released a new app for turning your old prints into digital photos, letting you save them to the cloud with a single tap. PhotoScan, which is being made available today on iOS and Android, lets you quickly scan a large number of photos using a novel, almost game-like interface. The tradeoff for the speed of the scans is quality — it's slightly lower than what you might expect to get from a traditional flatbed scanner.
PhotoScan's interface is admirably simple, and doesn't even require a login. The app opens to the camera and instructs you to position a photo within the frame. When you do, four dots appear over your photo. To scan it, you move your phone over each of the dots and hold it until the circle is filled in. Once you've covered all four dots, the photo is scanned — and you can immediately slide the next photo under your phone and repeat the process.
Photos are automatically cropped, rotated, and color corrected. You can save them to Google Photos with one tap — and then, when you want to find them, you can just search for “scans” inside Google Photos and they'll all come up. (You can also save them to your camera roll or share them to other apps.)
David Lieb, who leads product development for Google Photos, said the goal of PhotoScan is to persuade people to digitize their old photos before they lose them. “These photos are at risk,” they said. “They're at risk of being lost when you move, they're at risk of fires, floods, and theft. And with every day that passes they fade away a bit — they literally fade away.”
Of course, PhotoScan is also a move to persuade more people to transfer their entire photo library to Google Photos. The company hit 200 million users earlier this year, but it faces significant competition from the likes of Apple, Amazon, and Facebook. A dedicated scanning app offers users a powerful tool for bringing their photos online.
PhotoScan is being released as part of a broader update to Google Photos today that also includes new editing tools and automatically generated movies. The core Google Photos app now has a new “auto-enhance” feature that the company says does a better job in touching up your photos with one tap. It also now has a series of filters, called “looks,” that make different adjustments depending on the content of the photo. Photos with faces might get one treatment; landscapes will get another. You can also make fine-grained adjustments to your photos using new sliders under the existing “light,” “color,” and “pop” tools.
Google Photos is also expanding the number of automatically generated movies it will make on your behalf depending on the photos you have in your library. The movies, which made their debut in September, will soon have three more kinds of movies in their repertoire: one for the first few months in a newborn's life; one for formal occasions like weddings; and one called “through the years” that offers a slideshow of photos from annual events like Thanksgiving and Christmas. New movies should start popping up in users' Google Photos accounts over the next few weeks and months, the company said.
James Parrott, deputy director and chief economist for the Fiscal Policy Institute, a nonpartisan research and education group, said they expected the libraries to receive “a reasonable commitment” from the de Blasio administration in terms of operating and capital dollars “since they play a critical role in furthering many of the mayor's top priorities.” For instance, they said, libraries have helped to expand programs for early childhood education and after-school programming, and increase outreach to immigrants.
In another change, library officials said they were asked by the mayor's aides to present their long-term needs for consideration in the city's 10-year capital plan, which already includes $566.1 million for previously approved library projects; the request for $1.4 billion would be on top of that amount. In the past, library officials said they secured capital funds largely by appealing to elected officials, including borough presidents and members of the Council, but that often led to securing only enough for ad hoc repairs and inevitably resulted in an uneven distribution of funding.
Amy Spitalnick, a spokesperson for Mr. de Blasio, declined to say whether they would increase funding for the libraries in their executive budget, which is expected next month and will also include an updated capital plan. Last year, they added $15.6 million in capital funds for library projects. They said the administration had “made a clear commitment” to the city's libraries.
Council leaders have also called on the mayor to give the libraries more money. Eric Koch, a spokesperson for the Council, said they were “proud to have made funding libraries one of our priorities in the budget response.”
Image The top floor was originally built as a custodian's living quarters. Credit Nicole Bengiveno/The New York Times
The Hunts Point Library, which performs on par with other medium-size branches, lends 110,000 books and materials a year and runs free classes and programs for 11,500 people annually.
Ankyloglossia, also known as tongue-tie, is a congenital oral anomaly that may decrease mobility of the tongue tip[1] and is caused by an unusually short, thick lingual frenulum, a membrane connecting the underside of the tongue to the floor of the mouth.[2] Ankyloglossia varies in degree of severity from mild cases characterized by mucous membrane bands to complete ankyloglossia whereby the tongue is tethered to the floor of the mouth.[2]
Presentation [ edit ]
Ankyloglossia can affect eating, speech, and oral hygiene[3] as well as have mechanical/social effects.[4] Ankyloglossia can also prevent the tongue from contacting the anterior palate. This can then promote an infantile swallow and hamper the progression to an adult-like swallow which can result in an open bite deformity.[2] It can also result in mandibular prognathism; this happens when the tongue contacts the anterior portion of the mandible with exaggerated anterior thrusts.[2]
Opinion varies regarding how frequently ankyloglossia truly causes problems. Some professionals believe it is rarely symptomatic, whereas others believe it is associated with a variety of problems. The disagreement among professionals was documented in a study by Messner and Lalakea (2000).[5]
Feeding [ edit ]
Messner et al.[6] studied ankyloglossia and infant feeding. Thirty-six infants with ankyloglossia were compared to a control group without ankyloglossia. The two groups were followed for six months to assess possible breastfeeding difficulties; defined as nipple pain lasting more than six weeks, or infant difficulty latching onto or staying onto the mother's breast. Twenty-five percent of mothers of infants with ankyloglossia reported breastfeeding difficulty compared with only 3% of the mothers in the control group. The study concluded that ankyloglossia can adversely affect breastfeeding in certain infants. Infants with ankyologlossia do not, however, have such big difficulties when feeding from a bottle.[7] Limitations of this study include the small sample size and the fact that the quality of the mother's breastfeeding was not assessed.
Wallace and Clark also studied breastfeeding difficulties in infants with ankyloglossia.[8] They followed 10 infants with ankyloglossia who underwent surgical tongue tie division. Eight of the ten mothers experienced poor infant latching onto the breast, 6/10 experienced sore nipples and 5/10 experienced continual feeding cycles; 3/10 mothers were exclusively breastfeeding. Following a tongue-tie division, 4/10 mothers noted immediate improvements in breastfeeding, 3/10 mothers did not notice any improvements and 6/10 mothers continued breastfeeding for at least four months after the surgery. The study concluded that tongue-tie division may be a possible benefit for infants experiencing breastfeeding difficulties due to ankyloglossia and further investigation is warranted. The limitations of this study include the small sample size and the fact that there was not a control group. In addition, the conclusions were based on subjective parent report as opposed to objective measures.
Speech [ edit ]
Messner and Lalakea studied speech in children with ankyloglossia. They noted that the phonemes likely to be affected due to ankyloglossia include sibilants and lingual sounds such as 'r'. In addition, the authors also state that it is uncertain as to which patients will have a speech disorder that can be linked to ankyloglossia and that there is no way to predict at a young age which patients will need treatment. The authors studied 30 children from one to 12 years of age with ankyloglossia, all of whom underwent frenuloplasty. Fifteen children underwent speech evaluation before and after surgery. Eleven patients were found to have abnormal articulation before surgery and nine of these patients were found to have improved articulation after surgery. Based on the findings, the authors concluded that it is possible for children with ankyloglossia to have normal speech in spite of decreased tongue mobility. However, according to their study, a large percentage of children with ankyloglossia will have articulation deficits that can be linked to tongue-tie and these deficits may be improved with surgery. The authors also note that ankyloglossia does not cause a delay in speech or language, but at the most, problems with enunciation. Limitations of the study include a small sample size as well as a lack of blinding of the speech-language pathologists who evaluated the subjects' speech.
Messner and Lalakea also examined speech and ankyloglossia in another study. They studied 15 patients and speech was grossly normal in all the subjects. However, half of the subjects reported that they thought that their speech was more effortful than other peoples' speech.[4]
Horton and colleagues discussed the relationship between ankyloglossia and speech. They believe that the tongue-tie contributes to difficulty in range and rate of articulation and that compensation is needed. Compensation at its worst may involve a Cupid's bow of the tongue.[2]
Although the tongue-tie exists, and even years following surgery, common speech abnormalities include mispronunciation of words, the most common of which is pronouncing Ls as Ws; for example, the word "lemonade" would come out as "wemonade".
Mechanical and social effects [ edit ]
Ankyloglossia can result in mechanical and social effects.[4] Lalakea and Messner[4] studied 15 people, aged 14 to 68 years old. The subjects were given questionnaires in order to assess functional complaints associated with ankyloglossia. Eight subjects noted one or more mechanical limitations which included cuts or discomfort underneath the tongue and difficulties with kissing, licking one's lips, eating an ice cream cone, keeping one's tongue clean and performing tongue tricks. In addition, seven subjects noted social effects such as embarrassment and teasing. The authors concluded that this study confirmed anecdotal evidence of mechanical problems associated with ankyloglossia and it suggests that the kinds of mechanical and social problems noted may be more prevalent than previously thought. Furthermore, the authors note that some patients may be unaware of the extent of the limitations they have due to ankyloglossia, since they have never experienced normal tongue range. A limitation of this study is the small sample size that also represented a large age range.
Lalakea and Messner[9] note that mechanical and social effects may occur even without other problems related to ankyloglossia, such as speech and feeding difficulties. Also, mechanical and social effects may not arise until later in childhood, as younger children may be unable to recognize or report the effects. In addition, some problems, such as kissing, may not come about until later in life.
Diagnosis [ edit ]
Ankyloglossia
According to Horton et al.,[2] diagnosis of ankyloglossia may be difficult; it is not always apparent by looking at the underside of the tongue, but is often dependent on the range of movement permitted by the genioglossus muscles. For infants, passively elevating the tongue tip with a tongue depressor may reveal the problem. For older children, making the tongue move to its maximum range will demonstrate the tongue tip restriction. In addition, palpation of genioglossus on the underside of the tongue will aid in confirming the diagnosis.
A severity scale for ankyloglossia, which grades the appearance and function of the tongue, is recommended for use in the Academy of Breastfeeding medicine.[10][11]
Treatment [ edit ]
There are varying types of intervention for ankyloglossia. Horton et al.,[2] have a classical belief that people with ankyloglossia can compensate in their speech for limited tongue range of motion. For example, if the tip of the tongue is restricted for making sounds such as /n, t, d, l/, the tongue can compensate through dentalization; this is when the tongue tip moves forward and up. When producing /r/, elevation of the mandible can compensate for restriction of tongue movement. Also, compensations can be made for /s/ and /z/ by using the dorsum of the tongue for contact against the palatal rugae. Thus, Horton et al.[2] proposed compensatory strategies as a way to counteract the adverse effects of ankyloglossia and did not promote surgery. Non-surgical treatments for ankyglossia are typically performed by Orofacial Myology specialists, and involve using exercises to strengthen and improve the function of the facial muscles and thus promote proper function of the face, mouth and tongue [12]
Intervention for ankyloglossia does sometimes include surgery in the form of frenotomy (also called a frenectomy or frenulectomy) or frenuloplasty. This relatively common dental procedure may be done with soft-tissue lasers, such as the CO 2 laser.[13] However, authors such as Horton et al. [2] are in opposition to it. According to Lalakea and Messner, surgery can be considered for patients of any age with a tight frenulum, as well as a history of speech, feeding, or mechanical/social difficulties. Adults with ankyloglossia may elect the procedure. Some of those who have done so report post-operative pain.
A viable alternative to surgery for children with ankyloglossia is to take a wait-and-see approach.[9] Ruffoli et al. report that the frenulum naturally recedes during the process of a child's growth between six months and six years of age;[14][15]
See also [ edit ]
EU can ban deliveries of vodka, caviar and diamond from Russia 55 29.08.2014, 16:58
18,835
A new package of sanctions against Russia can be approved at the EU summit tomorrow.
As noted by Die Welt, Germany, foreign ministers of the EU have already started to discuss the sanctions at the meeting in Milan. Among the possible restrictions Brussels could impose on Moscow, are denial from Russian vodka, caviar, and diamonds, ZN.us informs.
The latter ban can seriously hit the economy of Russia, as it is one of the largest exporters of diamonds in the world. At the same time, abandonment of Russian oil and gas by the EU is unlikely.
Europe's dependence on Russian energy products is too great. Besides, European politicians doubt that Putin could dare to shut off valve in the middle of winter, as they would lose a huge sum of money needed by the Russian budget. The final package of sanctions could be rubberstamped at the EU summit tomorrow.
Hundreds of police officers are clearing protesters from Los Angeles and Philadelphia, arresting those refusing to leave and dismantling tents.
Wednesday morning's forcible evictions of Occupy camps have so far avoided the violent scenes played out in Oakland and Wall Street, where teargas, pepper-spray and non-lethal projectiles were used to disperse people. However, there were 200 arrests in Los Angeles alone, according to police.
In Los Angeles around 1,400 officers wearing riot gear and biohazard suits were moving members of Occupy Los Angeles after they ignored a Monday deadline to leave the area.
Protesters moved into the City Hall park on 1 October and, within weeks, their encampment had grown to include 500 tents and up to 800 full-time residents. But numbers fell last week after the Los Angeles mayor, Antonio Villaraigosa, issued an ultimatum, telling them to move out at the beginning of this week or face eviction.
Villaraigosa had earlier been friendly toward the protesters, but said the group had to go when the city's officials started complaining of crime, sanitation problems and property damage.
The final straw appears to have been reports of children staying at the camp. In an interview with the Los Angeles Times earlier this week, the mayor said: "The chaos out there could produce something awful".
Occupy LA remained defiant, unfazed even, as eviction day loomed.
A blog on its website, posted on Sunday evening, said: "The Occupation Movement, if nothing else, is agile and adaptable. "We travel light. So whether or not the eviction features the drama the news organisations are hoping for, the occupation of Los Angeles will survive.
"Thankfully, the elements and hardships suffered elsewhere have not been a factor here. The people that have occupied City Hall for the last 58 days will move, regroup, perhaps relocate, perhaps reoccupy. There are many voices here, many opinions, many motives."
Before the police arrived protesters were upbeat. One wore a Santa Claus hat and danced in the street, another showed off the reindeer antlers they had attached to their gas mask.
Fireworks exploded in the sky at one point. Later, as helicopters hovered above, someone blew "The Star Spangled Banner" on a horn.
As officers first surrounded the camp, hundreds of protesters chanted: "The people united will never be defeated."
In the first moments of the raid, officers tore down a tent and wrestled to the ground a tattooed man with a camera on City Hall steps.
Teams of four or five officers moved through the crowd making arrests one at a time, cuffing the hands of protesters with white plastic zip-ties. A circle of protesters sat with arms locked, many looking calms and smiling.
Some activists accused Villaraigosa of violating the constitution and of using the presence of vulnerable people at the camp as a smokescreen for eviction.
In a statement explaining Wednesday's eviction, the mayor said: "We have taken a measured approach to enforcing the park closure because we have wanted to give people every opportunity to leave peacefully. I ask that anyone who remains in the park to please leave voluntarily.
"Our approach also recognised the human need in the encampment. Since the park closure was announced on Friday, outreach workers with the Los Angeles Homeless Services Authority have walked through the park, assessing needs and connecting interested individuals in need with an alternative place to spend the night.
"During the park closure, a First Amendment area will remain open on the Spring Street city hall steps. Once the park is cleared, it will be repaired and returned to all Angelenos to exercise their First Amendment rights."
In Philadelphia, police began pulling down tents at about 1:20am (EST) after giving demonstrators three warnings that they would have to leave, which nearly all of the protesters followed. Dozens of demonstrators then marched through the street until they were stopped by police.
Philadelphia police commissioner Charles Ramsey said breaking up the camp in the early hours helped minimise disruption to businesses and traffic.
Six protesters were arrested after remaining on a street that police tried to clear. The eviction overall appeared to have been carried out without any significant scuffles or violence.
"This is a symbolic action, but in another sense this has been our home for almost two months and no one wants to see their home taken away from them," said 22-year-old Philadelphia protester Bri Barton, while acknowledging the movement would have to leave the site.
EMBED >More News Videos Brazoria County officials search for missing teen.
The Brazoria County Sheriff's Office is asking for the public's help in finding a missing teenager last seen near Manvel.Averi Mckenzie Bright, 13, was last seen around 1:10pm Tuesday in the Sedona Lakes Subdivision in Brazoria County.ABC13's Courtney Fischer spoke to Averi's father, Ed Bright. They said that they hacked into their Uber account and found that they took one to Discovery Green and later to Buffalo Wild Wings on Washington Avenue.He said their family believes they may have run away, but they do not know why. They said does not know why they would go to Discovery Green for Super Bowl Live because she's not a football fan and doesn't like crowds.She was wearing a black hoodie with black yoga style pants and red glasses, police said.Anyone with information is asked to contact the Brazoria County Sheriff's Department at 979-864-2392.
Space Buddies is a 2009 family comedy film. It is the third film in the Air Buddies series. It was released February 3, 2009. Like Air Buddies and Snow Buddies, the film was released directly on DVD and became the first Air Bud film to be released on Blu-ray.
Plot [ edit ]
The film begins with Buddha (Field Cate) and their owner Sam (Nolan Gould) star-gazing, when Sam makes a wish to touch the moon. The next day is their school field trip to Vision Enterprises, in which students participate in a special viewing of a test launch of the Vision One spacecraft. However, Sam has to leave Buddha at home to attend, so Buddha secretly escapes to meet up with the other buddies; Rosebud (Liliana Mumy), Budderball (Josh Flitter), B-Dawg (Skyler Gisondo), and Mudbud (Henry Hodges), and invites them to join their own spectatorship of the test launch. In a quick effort, they hide in the back of the school bus as it drives to the launch site of Vision Enterprises. On a tour with Dr. Finkel (Kevin Weisman), students see an automatic outfitter that Sam uses. The dogs, not far behind, come across the machine themselves and use it to equip suits before deciding to view the interior of the Vision 1 outside. At the Vision Enterprises' control center, "Mission Control", Pi (Bill Fagerbakke) confirms the ship is now prepared to launch. The Buddies conveniently place themselves in the seats when they become sealed in. Astro (Ali Hillis), the remote pilot, activates the shuttle, and the Vision 1 propels into the outer atmosphere with the Buddies.
At Mission Control the operators, unaware of the buddies, discover an incompletely filled third tank. Given ten hours until the ship's supply runs out, they scramble to navigate the Vision 1 to the R.R.S.S. (Russian Research Space Station), an old Soviet space station. They contact the cosmonaut living there, Yuri (Diedrich Bader), instructing them to refuel the Vision 1. Upon its docking, the dogs decide to explore, and meet a dog called Spudnick (Jason Earles) under Yuri's care. Yuri is quite content to stay in space, however Spudnick disagrees and explains they wish to go home. Yuri finds the dogs in amazement, so they trap them in the kitchen, leaving them to wait. Spudnick returns to rescue them, but a connected fuel pipe has already started leaking. The puppies rush back to Vision 1 to escape as Yuri tries to block them. As they bang on the control switches, however, electricity triggers the leak to combust, and everyone on-board escapes one way or another; Yuri barely manages using an escape vessel.
With dire timing, the Vision 1's course proceeds to travel to the moon, leaving the puppies in awe. The ship touches down, and they explore the area of landing. Operators at Mission Control find the helmets of spacesuits sending back soft barking, giving awareness that these puppies are roaming around. The revelation is announced on news networks, which concerns the buddies' owners as they notice their absence. Meanwhile, a ferret named Gravity (Amy Sedaris) contacts the buddies on the moon through audio at Mission Control (with no indication of their species), and instructs their return to the spacecraft.
As it returns to Earth, Dr. Finkel changes the path to divert the ship into a meteor shower, which prompts the ships built-in dodging system to quickly maneuver its way out of the situation, with a slight error that busts the data antenna to the right by a passing meteor. Budderball is sent outside the Vision 1 to repair the antenna, space walking to recalibrate it. At Mission Control, the adults remain puzzled about the change when Sam accuses Dr. Finkel as the perpetrator. However, much to Dr. Finkel's denial, Mission Control's security footage justifies that the desk had Dr. Finkel's presence at the time of change, causing them to be quickly removed from the premises.
Mission Control receives Yuri's distress signal in their escape pod, unable to form a response, and the Vision 1 enters the atmosphere. Having good condition, it makes contact with the take-off strip safely, and the buddies exit. They meet Gravity in-person, learning they are a ferret. In a field, Yuri crashes and is rescued by a military group.
Pi awards the Buddies titles of "Space Buddies", wings of heroism, and the Buddies reflect on the lessons they learned. Once at home, Buddha gives Sam a moon rock taken from their journey, which fulfills Sam's wish. The film ends as Spudnick returns to their old owner, Sasha.
Cast [ edit ]
Voice cast [ edit ]
Production [ edit ]
The film was shot in these locations:[2]
- Abbotsford Airport, Abbotsford, British Columbia, Canada
- Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada
- Fort Langley, Langley Township, British Columbia, Canada
- Langley, British Columbia, Canada
- Vancouver Film Studios, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada.
Home media [ edit ]
The film was released on DVD and Blu-ray February 3, 2009.[3]
Sequel [ edit ]
The fourth installment in the Air Buddies series, 'Santa Buddies' was released on November 24, 2009.
Mention Texas to someone from another state and they might picture cowboys herding longhorn cattle across the open range, or scheming, wealthy oil barons a la TV's “Dallas”—or “The Simpsons.” The Lone Star State, which was admitted to the United States after winning its own independence from Mexico, still sometimes seems—as the state tourism slogan goes—“like a whole other country.”
Americans may hold a lot of stereotypes about Texas, but journalist—and Texan—Erica Grieder argues that our country could learn a few lessons from our most misunderstood state. In Big, Hot, Cheap, and Right: What America Can Learn from the Strange Genius of Texas, Grieder lays out a case for their home state, where despite one of the highest poverty rates in the country and the highest proportion of people without health insurance, unemployment is down, growth is up and a $1.3-trillion economy is booming.
You're not the first Texan to defend your state's eccentricities. Why do you think Texas needs to be explained to the rest of the country?
People around the country have a lot of misconceptions about this state. Every Texan has their suite of stories of the reactions that they get when they're going about the normal course of business somewhere else. The classic jokes are, “Are you carrying a gun?” and “Do you ride a horse around?” I once was riding my bike here in Austin and I saw a horse tied to a bike post, but I think that's an exceptional mode of transport.
Texas does have a unique history—as you note in the book, it was the only state other than Hawaii to have been an independent nation before it was a state. How did that history make Texas what it is today?
We have a deliberately cultivated cultural value, the idea that we were once independent and we can still have some measure of independence. Even today, people around the state will refer a lot to things that happened in the past. The past has taken on this emotional resonance over time.
There are great stories about the Texas Revolution, great stories about the wildcatters [oil prospectors] during the oil rush. I love [Texas founding father] Sam Houston's life story, how they stood down as governor rather than join the Confederacy. Texas has a very dramatic history, and it creates a sense of common purpose. I think it helps keeps folks united—we put things in terms of, “Is this good for Texas?” And it's not as oppositional as it sounds—being pro-Texas does not mean being anti-California or anti-Florida or anti-New York. It's just that we are very proud of who we are.
Going through the history, there were junctions when things were set in place that are playing out today. The big one was the 1876 state constitution, which establishes a pretty weak governor's office and makes it hard to raise or spend money. You'd have to amend the constitution to create an income tax.
Texas is different from the rest of the country, but you say it may actually be America “taken to its logical conclusion.” Can you explain?
We have these beliefs in self-reliance, entrepreneurship and bootstrapping. We profess those things quite vocally and quite ardently, compared to most states. I was reading [British-born essayist] Christopher Hitchens' memoir, and they talk about their early impressions of Americans as these nice, well meaning but sort of vulgar people running around all the time. The way that Britain looks at the U.S. sounds like the way the U.S. looks at Texas. To be fair, we do kind of encourage it, because there's that Texan swagger. I'm not sure we're the most diplomatic people in the world. But there is substance to that swagger. We are going against national trends right now, and we're prospering.
What does Texas have to be proud of?
This is a state where people are able to find opportunity. Texas is creating a lot of jobs across the income spectrum. Our unemployment rate has been lower than the national average every month for years. Our per capita personal income is 97 percent of the national average. Median household income is, similarly, just a hair below the national median. The state's population growth suggests that people are taking notice—between 2000 and 2010, Texas gained more than 4 million people, of whom about 2 million were Americans from other states. It's become a cliché to say that people are “voting with their feet,” but there it is. When we talk about how well the economy's doing in this state, it's not a mistake or an accident or a mirage. The data that we have is valid and does suggest that something here is working quite well.
But at the same time, Texas has one of the highest poverty rates in the country, 17 percent compared to 14.3 percent in the U.S. as a whole, according to 2011 census data. And the income gap between the richest and the poorest Texans has widened in recent years. Are these problems in spite of the state's success, or are they a side effect?
The problems predated the state's economic success. Historically, it was a very, very poor state. Poverty's an ongoing issue, especially in certain parts of the state, and I think it's definitely something Texas should be looking at. I'd focus more on the poverty rate than the gap, which could also mean that people are getting richer.
The overall trajectory has been one of population growth and economic growth, partly because we had room to grow, and I'm not sure that any problems have been exacerbated by the economic success. We're creating jobs that are not just minimum wage, but middle income and higher wage jobs as well. In many respects we're doing better than people would guess, and we're not getting worse. In some areas we're improving.
How is Texas improving?
Everyone expects that we're doing the worst in everything, and that's not true. Our schools are getting better. There's less funding per capita than in a lot of states, but the outcomes in public schools aren't actually that bad. We're in the middle of the pack as far as fourth grade and eighth grade math and science scores on the federal NAEP [National Assessment of Educational Progress] exams. If you compare us to the other big states—Illinois, Florida—we're the best of all of them. We're last or among the last in terms of the percentage of adults with a high school diploma, but given that we're now among the lowest dropout rates, that won't be true 20 years from now.
Texas also has the highest rate of people without health insurance—more than one in four are uninsured. Isn't that a problem?
The rate of people without health insurance has been talked about a lot lately. It's gotten a little worse, and it's not a new issue. The United Health Foundation, for 2012, ranked us 40th overall for state health, and among the factors bringing us down was that we have the lowest insurance rate. But if you look at the category of health outcomes—defined as deaths, disease and days of work missed due to illness—we're 25th. We've improved in some categories but not in others. On things like smoking rates, we're actually pretty low. The state has raised the tobacco tax a couple of times in the past ten years, and a lot of the cities have passed various smoking bans. One thing that is planned in the current budget is funding for mental health care, around $200 million. That's another area where Texas has historically ranked worst, and it was a bipartisan push this time around. On a lot of these social services the barrier is financial rather than philosophical.
Texas has historically had a huge oil industry, but countries and states with a lot of natural resources tend to have low growth—the so-called “resource curse.” Did Texas dodge that trap?
Texas was the second state to pass an anti-trust law, in 1889, in response to the national railways and national banks. (Texans, not having had those things, were a little bit parochial about it.) Once oil was discovered in great quantities in 1901 at Spindletop—it was this big gusher—the state had already been using its anti-trust law to push back at Standard Oil, the big Rockefeller oil company based in Pennsylvania. It didn't mean the wealth was shared equally, but it did keep a lot of the profits in the state, which is not how things usually work for resource-rich states and countries. Beyond that, Texans are pretty shrewd. The state realized how bad it would be to be heavily dependent on oil as the component of its economy, especially in the '80s, when prices collapsed. Since then, you've seen the state diversify its economy away from oil.
Those efforts seem inconsistent with Texas' laissez-faire approach.
It is an interesting wrinkle on the Texas narrative of being a very free-market state—having anti-trust protections isn't a free-market move. But I think that Texans are above all pro-Texas, and as pro-business as they are, pro-Texas trumps that. I think Texans are able to arbitrate between idealism and reality. In a number of cases, when there's been a difference between what the “philosophy” of the state is and what the best course of action is, we do the prudent thing.
What are the lessons here for the rest of the country?
Texas is a state with room to grow and a need to grow. States that are in a similar position might want to take some pages from the Texas playbook. The Texas model prioritizes growth. It has low taxes, low services, and it's always been a very small-government state. We see a lot of southern states—Louisiana is the most obvious example, and Alabama is another—focusing on lowering taxes and increasing economic development initiatives. The idea is that if you can attract companies, you can bring jobs, and jobs bring money, much of which is spent or reinvested in the state itself.
Not all states are looking to grow like Texas has, but are there practices they could adopt without copying Texas entirely?
States that are in financial disorder—not naming any names—should take a look at Texas' fiscal discipline. I don't see how it does people any good to build a bigger safety net if you're just going to yank it away a couple of years down the road because you can't pay for it.
Secondly, some would say that one of the big problems right now with the national economy is that the private sector is in a defensive crouch. Businesses keep saying they don't know what to expect from the federal government, the world markets and so on, which is why they don't want to make investment decisions and are sitting on big cash reserves rather than spending and hiring. If you think that's true, then one of Texas' underrated advantages is that it's managed to mitigate a lot of policy uncertainty. Regardless of what's going on in national politics, or foreign affairs, or with the weather, it's a pretty safe bet that Texas is going to stay on the low-tax, low-services side of the spectrum. That makes it easier for businesses and families to plan for the future.
So Texas has a booming economy and it's a good place to start a business, but what is it like to live there?
I think it's great. I like the space. As I get older, I'm more and more curmudgeonly about having lots of space around me. I like how down-to-earth it is, and I like the practical intelligence that people in Texas have. I think part of the national stereotype is that we're really aggressive and kind of belligerent, but that means people will do things around here, they'll start businesses, they'll take on projects with enthusiasm. It's not a very cerebral state, but people do get things done.
I think every state has its own virtues and flaws. We are certainly well supplied with virtues and flaws in Texas, but it's a great place to visit—if nothing else, to have some stories to bring back. But then again, more and more people are coming, and everyone in Austin is always saying, “It's getting too big, it's getting too big!” So I think my next book might be called, Never Mind, Guys.
For the past several years, the Chinese government has been working on a project that marries big data analytics with its existing surveillance practices. What China is calling its new "grid management system," once fully implemented, will give the Chinese Communist Party an unprecedented level of oversight of its population.
China is already gathering massive amounts of data on its people. It has been for years. But with information coming in on so many platforms, even a well-staffed government may struggle to parse the useful from the mundane — unless it has the help of a state-of-the-art program that can run data analytics on a well-ordered database. For five years China's government has been building exactly that kind of system.
The new grid management system aims to help the Chinese government act early to contain social unrest. Under the new program, grid administrators each monitor a number of households (sometimes as many as 200). They then aggregate their reports into one enormous surveillance database, where it is combined with data collected from video cameras and web censoring. Authorities can analyze that data to detect trends in hopes of anticipating protests or disturbances. For instance, if more than three protests occur in one town within a certain period, the new system could alert administrators, who could then send more police to that area or make other policy adjustments to maintain stability.
China's systematic gathering of data gives the central government more power to monitor and respond to local disruptions. That power is all the more important for Chinese leaders at a time when the country's deepening economic challenges will almost certainly stoke unrest. Slow growth and painful industrial consolidation will leave some segments of China's population out of work and without the support of social services. In the face of such uncertainty, China is betting that close monitoring and quick, even pre-emptive action will help prevent protests, maintain stability and bolster the legitimacy of Communist Party rule.
Union Finance Minister on Saturday said has the potential to achieve double digit growth.
Interacting with media in Bhopal, Jaitley credited the first year of rule for the country exhibiting a new energy to achieve national goals.
In a reference to a recent report of the Central Statistics Office, they said that the nation's manufacturing sector has posted a growth rate of over seven per cent growth, which to their mind was indicative of a rejuvenation of the industrial sector.
Emphasizing that the Government was both transparent and decisive in policies, Jaitley said relations between the Centre and the states have improved and the global image of has brightened. They said they were confident about the nation marching further towards development in fiscal 2015-16.
Questioned about the Land ordinance, Jaitley said the government's policy and intent is development-oriented.
Defending the decision to adopt the ordinance route, they said that repeated opposition hurdles in the Rajya Sabha, had forced the regime to adopt an alternative route through a joint committee.
Jaitley also said that three legislations had been brought after the constitutional amendment on Goods and Services Tax (GST) to ensure that achieves the goal of becoming one market with a uniform rate of tax.
During their visit to Madhya Pradesh, Jaitley inaugurated the New banknote Paper Line unit of 6000 metric ton capacity at Security Paper Mill in Hoshangabad, and flagged off the first consignment of one thousand rupee banknotes made indigenously to the Currency Note Press Nasik.
The project has been completed at a cost of Rs.495 crores. This is a start-of-the-art plant with capability for incorporation of advanced security features in banknote paper.
It is capable of manufacturing all denominations of banknote paper, including in the denomination of Rs.1000.
Jaitley also inaugurated the composite logistics hub at Pawarkheda and addressed a farmers' rally.
A man damaged trees in a St. Paul park, snapping them in half and causing thousands of dollars in damage, according to police.
Witnesses called police to Eastside Heritage Park at 3 p.m. Wednesday and officers found that 10 balsam poplar trees along the park's walking path near Phalen Boulevard were broken in half. One accolade elm tree in the median on Phalen Boulevard also was damaged, according to Brad Meyer, St. Paul Parks and Recreation spokesperson.
The suspect, who witnesses believed was homeless, was last seen walking under the Payne Avenue bridge, according to Sgt. Mike Ernster, a St. Paul police spokesperson. Officers found a man who matched the description, but one witness could not tell whether they were the suspect and another witness couldn't get back to the area, Ernster said. Police continue to investigate.
Related Articles Minneapolis woman whose husband beat, sexually abused daughters sentenced for neglect
Judge dismisses charge against Minnesota council member who berated reporter
Minnesota man gets 10 years for attacking N.D. priest in dispute over woman
Sheriff: Deputy fatally shot person during western Minnesota domestic call
Highland Park Middle School online threat began with argument at school, police say The trees were planted in 2015. A Parks and Rec urban forester had noted earlier in the summer that they were “just starting to really take off,” Meyer said.
The cost to replace the trees will be more than $3,000, Meyer said.
“If the police are able to apprehend who did this, we'll pursue full restitution,” Meyer said in an email. “Current plan is to replant regardless, but won't be until at least next year at the earliest.”
Introduction
Time is creeping on, we just entered 2011, and slowly but steadily we are getting closer to some interesting new processor developments, the new year will bring a lot of good stuff. A race has started in-between AMD and Intel bringing processors to the market with embedded GPUs but until then, AMD is still polishing and beefing up their Phenom II line.
Today two new products are launched by AMD, and here at Guru3D we'll review the fastest one. Let's have a peek first as to what AMD has got prepped for you with the right pricetag. Its the year 2011 and while the global financial crisis slowly seems to settle down AMD, of course, is going for value products. Here's what's announced today:
Processors & Pricing
3.6GHz Phenom II X4 975 Black Edition ~$195
3.2GHz Phenom II X4 840 ~$102
It's that Phenom II X4 975 Black Edition we are interested in, and as such we'll cover that one. The all new 975 processors is still based on the now all too familiar Deneb die, yes this will be AMD's fastest quad-core processor to date. Tagged with a price of only 195 USD this puppy is clocked at a staggering 3.6GHz and is an unlocked Black Edition processor. And the BEs always offer tremendous overclock potential, BE processors definitely have our preference in terms of tweaking flexibility.
So that's what we will be dealing with today. We'll first browse through the processor and its respective architecture, after which we'll fire off the benchmark test suite at them to see how they perform value for money wise.
Well, nuff said, let's start up the review... next page please.
Check out the Legacy Control Facebook page, where it's ladies night every Thursday.
So this is pretty true. As soon as I heard about the Dinsey and Lucas Arts deal I started (and nearly finished) strip about them lining their pockets with a cool 4 bil. It hurt when I read that they were being “Good Guy Lucas” but I went ahead and started over and came up with this strip.
I was upset at first about the deal, having the knee jerk reaction that most of the internet shared. Disney will “kiddiefy” and “annualize” the franchise to death. Well I reailzed that had already done, by Lucas. And then I read an article on The PA Report, that described a lot of good points, you should check it out. But it basically reminded me that Disney is the same company that gave us avengers with Joss Whedon at the helm. It could be great, but it sure shouldn't be any worse.
You may notice the strip looks a little different today. I have been working for a while on updating the strips style. I will be making the next few strips this way in hopes you all will give me some feedback and let me know if you all are for or against the change.
Happy Friday,
Javis
A Minnesota radio host said they would like to tell the families of the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting victims to "go to hell" for infringing on their gun rights.
Bob Davis was discussing those affected by the Newtown, Conn., tragedy during a Friday segment of their show, "Davis & Emmer," on Twin Cities News Talk AM 1130, according to Minneapolis' City Pages. The topic focused on how family members of the 26 victims, 20 of whom were between the ages of 6 and 7 years old, have become advocates for gun control. In Davis' opinion, these Newtown families are infringing on their constitutional rights.
They went on a tirade against the Sandy Hook families, saying:
I have something I want to say to the victims of Newtown, or any other shooting. I don't care if it's here in Minneapolis or anyplace else. Just because a bad thing happened to you doesn't mean that you get to put a king in charge of my life. I'm sorry that you suffered a tragedy, but you know what? Deal with it, and don't force me to lose my liberty, which is a greater tragedy than your loss. I'm sick and tired of seeing these victims trotted out, given rides on Air Force One, hauled into the Senate well, and everyone is just afraid -- they're terrified of these victims. ... I would stand in front of them and tell them, 'Go to hell.'
On Monday, Davis offered a pseudo-apology by explaining that they have no filter when they speak on the air. They reasoned that, although victims of tragedies have rights, so do those defending the Constitution.
"Victims should not be exploited. It does not help them grieve, it does not help us grieve and it does not advance the cause of liberty," they said. "But they are, and so they become public personalities and part of the political arena. And so be it, and we'll leave it at that."
Mediaite notes Davis is not the only pro-gun conservative to make the argument that the victims of Sandy Hook are being exploited in the national gun debate.
Sen. James Inhofe (R-Okla.) blamed President Obama last week for involving the Sandy Hook families in the gun debate. Eleven families members of Newtown victims were in Washington at the time to urge lawmakers to pass a gun control package, which included stricter background checks.
"See, I think it's so unfair of the administration to hurt these families, to make them think this has something to do with them when, in fact, it doesn't," Inhofe said.
On Wednesday, the background check bill failed in the Senate, 54 to 46.
If you want to reason with a bear — or anyone really — it's probably a good idea to avoid threatening them with physical violence and then assaulting them. We learned this lesson from the above video, which shows a woman in Alaska growing increasingly exasperated as a bear eats them kayak. This happened shortly after they pepper sprayed them in the face.
The woman, Mary Maley, explains on YouTube that they were on a solo kayak trip and heard the bear rummaging around while they were eating lunch. Things start out okay, because the bear is leaving their kayak alone. They thank them for that, and then they pepper sprays them in the face. They obviously do not enjoy that, so they retaliate by eating them kayak.
From there, a truly riveting emotional journey begins. Maley shouts and screams and begs, becoming increasingly more upset with the bear as they realize they might become stranded.
“It's the end of September,” they wail. “Why are you here? You're supposed to be asleep.”
Lesson learned: if you mess with a bear, they will probably retaliate by destroying your things.
What Life Is Like for America's Most Famous Panda Cub Abby Wood—Smithsonian's National Zoo Abby Wood—Smithsonian's National Zoo Abby Wood—Smithsonian's National Zoo Abby Wood—Smithsonian's National Zoo Abby Wood—Smithsonian's National Zoo Paul J. Richards—AFP/Getty Images Matt McClain—The Washington Post/Getty Images Paul J. Richards—AFP/Getty Images Matt McClain—The Washington Post/Getty Images Connor Mallon—Smithsonian's National Zoo Courtney Janney—Smithsonian's National Zoo Abby Wood—Smithsonian's National Zoo Abby Wood—Smithsonian's National Zoo Abby Wood—Smithsonian's National Zoo 1 of 14 Advertisement
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Peter Capaldi's first year on Doctor Who was layered with a lot of questions about the morality of the Doctor's adventures. And one idea that came up was the notion that the Doctor had made the Daleks stronger in the course of fighting them. Capaldi tells io9 that the Doctor absolutely believes they made the Daleks worse.
“I think that's a hard thing to bear,” the realization that the Doctor's fight against the Daleks only strengthened them. “That's why he's such a wonderful character. They don't just defeat the aliens and move on to the next [enemy], and not worry about it. They carry the psychological scars of their battles with him.”
Advertisement
Watching the Doctor cope with that is one of the most satisfying things about playing the character, adds Capaldi. “It's both a ‘B' monster movie show and a psychologically challenging experience,” they add. “On one level, it's men in rubber suits pretending to be monsters, and on another level, it's reflections on the problems of immortality, and why we're all here, and what we're doing.”
Am I a good man?
The Doctor spent a lot of last year questioning whether they were a good man, and wrestling with the morality of their actions, before deciding in the finale that he's just an idiot with a box—how does that realization shape their character this year?
Advertisement
“It does change their perspective for much of this season,” says Capaldi. “But it's just like the way human beings develop and grow. That's one of the things about [the Doctor] as a character. Obviously they change with each regeneration, but within that regeneration, they change as well.” So after regenerating, the Doctor had to struggle to find out who they are, and this was as much a mystery to them as to everyone else.
And the Doctor recognized that they had “a complicated moral position, in that they definitely wanted to help people, and wanted to save the universe, but often there would be a wake of suffering and pain. And they thought, ‘Can I live with that? Am I responsible for that?' And eventually, they realized that is who they are.”
But now the Doctor has realized what a gift they have, because “the universe is mine to play in,” says Capaldi. They can “range all the way in time and space.” And even though the Doctor is 2,500 years old, “life is still short.” So they want to enjoy all the advantages of being a Time Lord—but since this is Doctor Who, there's always a darkness pursuing him. “There's something brewing that is going to curtail their good times.”
Advertisement
So is the Doctor finished with those questions about whether he's a good man, and whether he's gotten too big in the universe? Showrunner Steven Moffat says that the Doctor will just have a new set of questions this year. “I don't think the Doctor ever stops asking the question, ‘Am I a good man?', because that's what good men do.”
The most exciting thing about the Doctor as a hero is that they never signed on for being a hero in the first place—he's always out to go to a fairground, or a park, or have lunch with someone famous, and then adventure finds him. “He happens to bump into terrible injustice, and because he's such a profoundly decent person, they always get involved.  They are the passer-by who becomes the last man standing. And that's the story of Doctor Who in every single episode. And I love that story. But it does mean they go around thinking, ‘Why does everybody think I'm this mighty warrior or this great hero, or the Ongoing Storm? I'm an idiot with a time-traveling box, and I'm trying to have lunch with Marie Antoinette.'”
Does the Doctor actually want to find Gallifrey?
Given that Gallifrey is kind of a messed-up place, does the Doctor really want to find their missing homeworld? Or is they afraid of what he'll find there? Capaldi says they absolutely do want to find it, and it's a duty. “And in some ways, the Doctor is quite an old-fashioned character. They do have a recognition of duties and loyalties, and these are things that are deep-set in him.”
Advertisement
The Doctor won't ever feel satisfied that Gallifrey is safe until they find it. “And of course, they are still riven with guilt about what he's put Gallifrey through.”
Once the Doctor does find Gallifrey, how will the show deal with the fact that Gallifrey is actually full of psycho Timothy Dalton and genocidal maniacs? We asked Moffat.
Advertisement
To which Moffat replies that Gallifrey isn't all bad. “If we're going to be all judged by the standards of our governments, we're all screwed, aren't we?” There are plenty of nice people on Gallifrey. “What about the people who worked in the kitchens?” So if the Doctor does find Gallifrey, “some people are in for an arse-kicking. But they know—he knows!—that it's not people like us, the sad scum of the Earth, on Gallifrey, who are responsible for the terrible crimes of the High Council.” And just remember that the High Council was always sort of terrible, even on the classic series.
Was John Hurt originally Christopher Eccleston?
Meanwhile, we finally got our chance to ask Moffat something we'd wondered about for ages—was John Hurt basically playing the role that Christopher Eccleston would have had, if Eccleston had been willing to return for the show's 50th anniversary?
Advertisement
“A version of it” would have featured Eccleston as a sort of War Doctor, they respond. “I had so many different versions of that show,” laughs Moffat. “I had so many different versions, including the deadly secret one where I thought, ‘What if none of them turn up? What if it's just Jenna [Coleman]?' I'm not kidding.” So yes, there was one version where Eccleston played that role—but it didn't go very far, because Eccleston was always very clear that they didn't want to go backwards in their career. “He's a lovely bloke,” who was very warm and kind, but “going back is just not something they do.”
And once Moffat suggested the idea of “a secret extra Doctor that nobody's ever heard of,” everyone fell in love with that idea. And then Moffat themselves worried that it was going too far, and that fans would be upset. “What if someone's got tattoos on their arm of all the Doctors, with numbers? What are we going to do to that person?”
Advertisement
And we asked Moffat if experimental stories like last year's “Listen” were going to become the norm, or if they feel the need in general to keep pushing the limits of the show's format. And Moffat says that this was one of the pieces of advice they got from Russell T. Davies when they took over as showrunner—Doctor Who always has to be a new show. It always has to be new and different, and not feel like it's been on the air for 10 years (or 52 years, total.) Moffat doesn't want kids to think of the show as “some sort of revered heirloom that's been passed down from generations.”
Moffat actually wants people to be sitting back and saying, “I'm not quite sure that's right. I'm not quite sure if that's Doctor Who yet,” and then they can bring people into the fold. Otherwise, the show just becomes “a recreation of the past.”
Making Missy a “likable psychopath”
Michelle Gomez, who plays Missy, says that it's not that their character is in love with the Doctor—it's more that she's a very attractive woman, “for a woman of their accelerated years,” and the Doctor “can't just get enough of her.” This is a burden that Missy has to deal with. “But if they want to be my boyfriend, he'll have to step up their game a little bit.”
Advertisement
How can the Doctor step up their game and win Missy's affections? They suggest taking off the jacket, loosening up, taking them to dinner, and admitting that she's right that “the universe has to be destroyed, and somebody has to do it. And I'm the man/woman to do that.”
In the scene where Missy is sort of toying with Osgood before killing her, Gomez says they didn't think of it as flirtatious—more like a big fat cat toying with a mouse before finally killing it.
Advertisement
And we asked Gomez about playing the Joker to the Doctor's Batman. “She is their nemesis. What I hope to do with them is just made them a little less two-dimensional in that way, and try and find the kind of ‘likeable psychopath.' A lot of psychopaths are actually quite likable—that's what makes them terrifying. And then, you know, the mask comes off and they are capable of doing unspeakable things. And so I wanted to make them as human and whole as possible, and as whole as any regular human being.”
We asked what Missy will do now that their scheme in season eight failed, and they respond that we shouldn't assume that Missy's schem ended, or that it was a failure. “We don't know that, whether the scheme worked or didn't work, yet. She's still on a mission, a perverse justice, to make sure that everything they see that they don't like is completely annihilated.”
And Missy absolutely does know where Gallifrey is, says Gomez. And Gallifrey is a bit like Glasgow, they say.
Advertisement
Clara's unfinished business
Jenna Coleman, who plays Clara Oswald, almost left at the end of last year, but decided to stay on for one more year at the last minute. Coleman tells io9 that it would have felt wrong to leave after only one year with Capaldi. “There was just more to do, and our working relationship is so fun, and lovely and exciting. And pushes me. And there were a lot of places to take the character.”
Coleman says they and Capaldi spent a lot of last year getting to know each other and figuring out their new dynamic together, so having a new season has allowed them to “reach that place and go further.”
Will Clara be grieving for Danny Pink this year? No, says Coleman. “She's been through grieving. But honestly, what's happened is their perspective has utterly changed on life. She's no longer leading the double life between Earth and space. They kind of throws themselves head-first into the TARDIS.” Losing Danny makes them realize that life is short, and “she kind of ends up running as fast as they can towards adventure and danger.”
Advertisement
And we'll see Clara become “more and more Doctor-like,” the more they have adventures and experiences by their side. They learn how to operate the TARDIS with the Doctor, and “they're very much a team.” Adds Coleman: “They save each other and teach each other, and it's a very much kind of even keel relationship.”
During Coleman's first year, with Matt Smith, the focus was entirely on the mystery of their character, the “Impossible Girl,” and it was only once Capaldi took over that they got to have real character development. Was they happier once their character got to evolve and grow instead of being the subject of a mystery?
“Yeah,” says Coleman. “It was a fascinating way to work,” doing the mystery storyline. “I really loved playing the three different characters, and trying to have the same essence but imagine if this girl is born in a whole different time and space—or in space, as Oswin was. But it was a very different way to work.”
Advertisement
Meanwhile, “it was really refreshing to be able to come back, the season after, and actually ground them more in their earth-bound life, and see what that is.” And getting to see Clara as a schoolteacher was really neat—she'll still be a teacher this year, but we won't see their kids going on adventures with them nearly as much, says Coleman.
Contact the author at charliejane@io9.com.
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
An education campaign group has claimed that up to 75 Bath teachers would be lost under Tory and Lib Dem education policies.
Labour has said the group's analysis, which show its plans would lead to 52 more teachers in the city, indicate that “neither the Conservatives nor the Liberal Democrats are on the side of our young people”.
But the Tories and Lib Dems have denounced the analysis of official figures by campaign website School Cuts, calling the figures "fabricated" and "utterly false".
The union-backed website used data from the Institute of Fiscal Studies, HM Treasury and the Department for Education to come up with its figures.
According to its analysis, a total of £2.5 million would be cut from Bath school budgets by the Conservatives and £1.1 million by the Liberal Democrats, whereas an extra £1.7 million would be allocated to local schools by Labour.
School Cuts has calculated that the funding cuts would mean 75 fewer teachers across Bath under Conservative plans and 26 fewer teachers under Lib Dem proposals.
The group is backed by the National Union of Teachers, education union ATL, school leaders' union NAHT and general trade union GMB.
It concludes that, out of the 29 schools in Bath, all would gain funding under Labour, 25 would lose funding under the Conservatives and 18 would lose funding under the Lib Dems.
The biggest losses would be at Ralph Allen School, which would lose £384,466 under the Tories and £230,071 under the Lib Dems. Under Labour, its funding would be boosted by £142,089, according to School Cuts' findings.
Labour's parliamentary candidate for Bath, Joe Rayment, said: “It has now become absolutely clear that neither the Conservatives nor the Liberal Democrats are on the side of our young people.
“What is on the ballot paper at this election is the number of teachers in our schools. You can vote for 75 fewer teachers under the Conservatives, 26 fewer teachers under the Lib Dems or 52 more teachers under Labour.”
Bath's prospective Tory MP Ben Howlett said the findings must be “fabricated” given the Conservative Party's manifesto commitment that no school will lose out in real cash terms.
They said: “We have committed to put £4.1 million into the next Parliament so no school in Bath, not a single school in Bath, will lose in real cash terms because we believe in investing in education.
“Schools will have their budgets supported by our manifesto commitment.”
Wera Hobhouse, the Lib Dems' candidate for Bath, called the figures “utterly false”.
“The Liberal Democrats have made it clear we will invest an extra £6.9 billion to ensure no school and no child loses out, including an additional £25 million for Bath and North East Somerset.
"I was a teacher and there is no way I'm going to sit back and see my former colleagues lose their jobs, at the expense of our children's future.
"Liberal Democrats have consistently campaigned against the current unfair schools funding formula used by the last Labour government as well as the Conservatives.
"Furthermore the highly respected independent Institute of Fiscal Studies has highlighted the fact that Labour's manifesto promises do not add up."
A School Cuts pledge to vote against any real-terms cuts to school funding has been signed by Mr Rayment and the Green Party candidate for Bath, Eleanor Field.
Mrs Hobhouse said: “I look forward to receiving an invitation from the ‘School Cuts' website to sign their pledge.
Enterprises invest in technology from vendors to help filter out bad Web sites from touching their networks, but the same technology, at least some of it, can be had by consumers for free.
And for networking vendor Blue Coat (NASDAQ: BCSI), the strategy is paying off. While Blue Coat is best known for Web filtering for enterprise customers, its free, K9 consumer product is making waves, having hit the million-download milestone.
It might not be surprising that K9 is seeing a great deal of traction, considering it uses the same filtering technology as found in Blue Coat's widely deployed enterprise edition.
The application's success also may not be surprising considering that the need for Web filtering has become increasingly important lately. In addition to malware sites, legitimate sites are also being targeted for malware distribution, making it even more critical that users have proactive Web filtering.
"We've had a million downloads for K9, so there is quite a large user community using K9 today to protect their computers from malware, and it's used a lot as a parental control tool to keep kids off sites that parents don't approve of," Mikko Valimaki, chief scientist at Blue Coat, told InternetNews.com.
With such demand, why give away the technology?
To Blue Coat, the idea behind K9 is twofold. The company has an altruistic goal of protecting users, but it also uses the information it learns from consumers and the sites they visit to protect paying enterprise customers.
"We decided that we're not in the consumer business -- Blue Coat sells to large organizations and that's where our focus is," Valimaki said. "But we figured it was important for us to be part of the community and have visibility into what is going on the Web."
In so doing, Valimaki argued that Blue Coat is part of the broader solution to help combat malware sites. Specifically, it can glean additional visibility from consumers that enables it to better identify and fight malware sites.
That makes for a compelling reason for consumers to download K9, which in turn helps Blue Coat -- even though it's essentially giving consumers free access to the same anti-malware cloud service that powers its enterprise offering.
"In effect, the free K9 home product is using the same knowledge and intelligence in the cloud as our corporate solution, the Blue Coat Web filter," Valimaki said.
K9 relies on Blue Coat's cloud-based WebPulse service to filter site requests based on categories -- like gambling or pornography -- as well as malware site blocking. WebPulse is also used by Blue Coat's ProxySG appliance, which also provides Web acceleration capabilities for businesses. Valimaki claimed that K9 users get the same speed of service that enterprise gets and Blue Coat does not throttle the service.
Valimaki explained that Blue Coat has four datacenters worldwide that receive K9 requests. When a user hits a new site, K9 triggers a lookup on the WebPulse cloud service about the site's category, enabling K9 to make a policy decision about whether to block the site.
If a site request is not in the existing WebPulse database, Blue Coat's technology makes a decision based on what Valimaki described as the site's "reputation."
"Consider you have a dot-com domain being a referrer to a domain in China, and it was just recently brought online, and it's hosted on the same IP address that has previously pushed malware," Valimaki explained. "We can fairly easily determine if something is suspicious just based on the request."
K9 also takes something of a unique approach when it runs into legitimate sites that are unwittingly hosting links to malware, blocking just the link instead of blocking access to the entire legitimate site.
Paid competition
Valimaki noted that they are not aware of K9 users migrating up to Blue Coat's commercial enterprise offerings. Still, they did say that Blue Coat gets lots of requests from people with small office that wonder about how to buy K9.
Despite the potential allure of a small-business offering, Blue Coat does not have licensed version of K9 that it sells to small office users.
There are, however, a few different commercially available options for Web filtering that could benefit consumers and small offices.
Symantec offers Norton Safe Web, which provides site reputation and filtering capabilities. Security vendor Webroot also has filtering technologies for consumers and enterprises, which it extends to consumers through Webroot Parental Controls, and which enables users to set time limits on usage as well as blocking objectionable sites.
Both Symantec and Webroot declined to comment on their offerings' capabilities.
Challenges of Web filtering
Yet while Blue Coat says it's seeing K9 pay off, Valimaki said there are still a number of issues to sort out when it comes to Web filtering.
For instance, the industry has a difficult time getting its arms around what they called "gray" pages on the Internet -- the many marketing sites with links to wares like pharmaceutical products. Technically speaking, those pages are not malware, so Web filtering companies can't be sure how to categorize them. However, such link-heavy pages are often hit by users who are lured by search engine results. The sheer volume of those types of pages is a challenge, Valimaki said, as is the process of determining how they all should be treated.
"Five years ago, if you asked about URL filtering it was typically about blocking pornography from the workplace," Valimaki said. "While that remains a key component, blocking malware and suspicious stuff is now the talking point. "
Other Related Content UI photosynthesis research seems be to bearing fruit
URBANA — The University of Illinois is moving to increase ties with Mexico through new academic and research partnerships signed by UI President Tim Killeen during a trip to that country last week.
One multimillion-dollar agreement will send doctoral students funded by the Mexican government to the UI's three universities, and another covers joint diabetes and obesity research at the UI Chicago with Mexico's public health institute.
The UI also signed agreements to strengthen educational and research collaborations with Mexico's largest university and the country's leading research institute, and explored partnerships with other universities in engineering, business, medicine and agriculture.
The initiatives could eventually bring up to 2,000 undergraduates from Mexico to UI campuses, but Killeen said the goal is to diversify, not expand, international enrollment.
The agreements are part of a broader effort to deepen the UI's global impact, a key point in its new strategic framework, Killeen said.
"This is our nearest neighbor to the south. It's in the same time zone, which is really helpful for collaboration. We've got tremendous depth of expertise and opportunities to build partnerships," they said Tuesday.
Killeen hopes to create similar "collaboration nodes" with strong research centers around the world, with a trip to Taiwan and Singapore this summer under their belt and plans to visit India soon.
Another possibility is Brazil, which has strong ties with the UI, said Pradeep Khanna, UI interim director of international engagement.
Khanna said the initiative grew in part out of a request from the Mexico City Department of Health to work with the UI Chicago on the health research project. The university surveyed faculty about the potential for expanded collaborations with Mexican universities and found "significant interest" among researchers in health fields as well as engineering, business and agriculture, they said.
Killeen: Plenty in common
The four-day trip to Mexico on Nov. 14-17 included two UI trustees from Chicago, Ricardo Estrada and Ramon Cepeda; Robert Barish, vice chancellor for health affairs at the UI Chicago; Andreas Cangellaris, dean of the College of Engineering at Urbana; Elvira de Mejia, professor of food science at Urbana; Mauricio Gonzalez, associate dean for advancement at the College of Business in Urbana; and Khanna.
Among the new partnerships:
— A five-year agreement with the Mexican Science and Technology Council that will provide funding for 10 Mexican students each year to pursue doctoral degrees at any of the UI's three universities. The council will invest about $7.5 million in Ph.D. fellowships over the five years to cover the students' tuition, health insurance and living costs.
It also provides funding for UI faculty and Ph.D. students to get a semester or two of research experience at Mexican universities, and vice versa.
— A letter of intent with the Department of Health in Mexico City for joint research on social and cultural factors that contribute to diabetes and obesity, two major health problems in Mexico. Mexican researchers and UI Chicago faculty will study two sample populations of 200 people each, one in Mexico City and one in Chicago, starting in early 2017. The UI will contribute $50,000 to that effort.
— Two agreements to develop student and faculty exchanges and research collaborations with the Autonomous National University of Mexico and the National Institute of Public Health. The university — the largest in Latin America, with 325,000 students — has a strong research focus and previously collaborated with the UI on faculty training and international forums on agriculture, food and nutrition and health care. The public health institute has worked with the UI Chicago on student exchanges and maternal and child health research.
The UI delegation also met with students and officials from Tecnologico de Monterrey, one of Latin America's leading private universities with 24 campuses. They discussed opportunities for faculty visits and summer study programs for students as well as possible research collaborations in engineering, medicine and business, such as big data analytics and supply-chain logistics.
"These are major university systems that are of similar size to the University of Illinois. We've got common interests. I'm very excited about this burgeoning new partnership," Killeen said.
Visit months in the making
The agreements also provide a connection between the two "world cities" of Chicago and Mexico City, they said. Nearly 30 percent of the UI Chicago's students are Latino, and 90 percent of them have strong Mexican cultural roots, they said.
The UI has about 40 international students from Mexico, out of more than 16,000 studying at U.S. universities, compared to thousands of Chinese students, Killeen said. About 30 of them are at the Urbana campus.
"It's below what it could be, and I would say should be," given the countries' common interests, they said.
Killeen said it's hard to put a value on the agreements, though income from Ph.D. fellowships and international student tuition will help the UI's "bottom line." The UI also will benefit from the student exchanges, research collaborations and potential new research funding, they said.
The announcement comes as the President-elect Donald Trump considers beefing up border security with Mexico and possible deportations of undocumented immigrants in the U.S.
UI officials said groundwork for the new partnerships began five months ago as an effort to improve institutional ties with a "natural" academic partner to the south.
"The visit was planned well before the election took place," Khanna said.
During the trip, UI officials also met with Mario Molina, winner of the 1995 Nobel Prize in Chemistry and a climate policy adviser to Mexico's president.  They are founder of the Molina Center for Energy and the Environment.
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
— There's an irresistible urge to over-examine the driving forces behind the record-setting, sellout attendance of 10,125 that filed into the sylvan setting of WakeMed Soccer Park Tuesday night to witness West Ham United draw the hometown Carolina RailHawks 2-2 in an international friendly.
But it's the essence of Occam's razor to decode that big money equals a big attraction, which equals a big crowd. It's the same general formula that inspired the acquisition of former Mexican international Omar Bravo, who was introduced at halftime of tonight's friendly, already decked out in a RailHawks uniform.
I'm forever blowing bubbles / Pretty bubbles in the air / They fly so high / Nearly reach the sky / Then like my dreams / They fade and die / I'm forever blowing bubbles.
First, the game. In the 13th minute, a failed clearance by West Ham's Winston Reid off a Drew Beckie cross resulted in a West Ham own goal and 1-0 Carolina lead, to the shocked delight of all supporters.
Five minutes later, Reid redeemed themselves by gathering a loose ball and rocketing a sure shot past RailHawks goalkeeper Akira Fitzgerald to even the score at 1-1. The Irons grabbed the 2-1 advantage in the 21st minute, when Andy Carroll easily tapped in a Sofiane Feghouli bounder.
The RailHawks' brand of Southern Hospitality is a weather delay, which Mother Nature obliged in the 63rd minute. Once play resumed, Carolina equalized after Lewis Page was whistled for a handball in the area. Marvin Ceballos converted the PK to account for the 2-2 final score.
Oh, by the way, Omar Bravo made a cameo in the 80th minute.
The pre-match mantra that tonight's result “doesn't matter” was more than just a shield in case the proverbial Hammer dropped. Indeed, the RailHawks themselves rolled out an assortment of bench players and academy kids once the first-teamers had gotten their taste of EPL opposition. The scoreline was truly incidental to the event, and more broadly a gala designed for the marketplace and an assortment of acronyms: NASL, USSF, NWSL … MLS?
Toluca … West Ham … Omar Bravo. They're all pieces of a marketing puzzle being assembled by still-new RailHawks Steve Malik, who introduced Bravo to the assembled masses during intermission. It's a far cry from the days of Traffic Sports, the erstwhile and sullied overseer that would front funds only after staffers could guarantee the precise seats it would fill.
“Tonight is the culmination of a lot of work and energy, and the marketplace responding in an incredible way for a great event,” said RailHawks president and general manager Curt Johnson. “It raises the bar. It sets a higher standard for what we are as an organization, and it gets people really fixated on what the potential can be, and that we're making progress toward that potential.”
Tonight's boffo attendance was roughly divisible into three categories. First was the show-me crowd, who flock to this corner of Cary maybe once or twice a year to bask in the collective pomp and pageantry of these soccer spectacles, the same way they might pull up a lawn chair in the Great Smokies to marvel at the seasonal bioluminescence of synchronous fireflies.
Next, and most boisterous, were the West Ham supporters, many who migrated to Carolina for this occasion from along the Eastern seaboard and beyond. It's a crowd comprising everyone from claret and blue-clad English expatriates who inherited their diehard fanaticism honest, to hipsters sporting a Carlos Tevez jersey that's today two sizes too small, or even a John Terry Chelsea kit.
But it was the RailHawks faithful exuding the most authentic excitement, like hosts throwing a house party for neighbors who finally showed up for. The velleities of the past are giving way to present dividends and future promise. The true challenge is translating, say, three-quarters of tonight's fans to regular season RailHawks matches not involving clubs founded in the 19th century.
Johnson has their own formula for that equation.
“The games have to be entertaining, we have to play an attractive brand of soccer, and sprinkle in some magic dust, some superstars,” Johnson said. “We have our first superstar [Bravo] with the RailHawks, so we're very optimistic based on the early response, not only based on their abilities but equally important, the interested level people have in him.”
Still, when it comes to club-building, hope has a price far above rubies, or Steve Malik's million pounds.
I'm dreaming dreams / I'm scheming / I'm building castles high / They're born anew / Their days are few / Just like a sweet butterfly / And as the daylight is dawning / They come again in the morning.
BOX SCORE
LINEUPS
CAR: Fitzgerald (Sylvestre, 46'; Robinson, 87'), Mensing, Moses, Beckie (Mason, 62'), Marcelin, Watson (Albert, 63'), Albadawi (Hassan, 63'), Shipalane (Morales, 63'; Del Rosario, 90'), da Luz (Orlando, 62'), Shriver (Ceballos, 38'; Perez, 80'), Fondy (Schuler, 46'; Bravo, 80')
WHU: Adrian (Spielgel, 46'), Burke, Cresswell (Page, 46'), Reid, Bryam, Samuelsen, Lanzini, Fegouhli, Obiang, Noble, Carroll (Martinez, 46')
GOALS
CAR: Reid [OG]; Ceballos, 68'
WHU: Reid, 18'; Carroll, 21'
CAUTIONS
CAR: Miller, 51'
WHU: Page, 67'; Quina, 90 + 3'
EJECTIONS
CAR: ---
WHU: ---
ATTENDANCE: 10,125
Image copyright AP Image caption Users of the slide descend in a raft
A 10-year-old boy has died on a water slide, billed as the world's biggest, in the US state of Kansas.
A spokesperson for the Schlitterbahn Water Park in Kansas City said it was saddened by the death and the park had been closed pending an investigation.
The incident happened on Sunday on the Verrueckt ride, which drops users almost 169 feet (52 metres) at 65mph (105kph) in a three-person raft.
No details were immediately given about the circumstances of the incident.
However, Kansas police have said it is being treated as an accident.
"We honestly don't know what's happened," Schlitterbahn spokesperson Winter Prosapio said. "That's why a full investigation is necessary. We have to understand what's happened."
The boy was identified by their family as Caleb Schwab, the son of a state politician, Scott Schwab.
The park's website says all users of the Verrueckt must be at least 54in (1.37 metres) tall and the combined weight of people in the raft must be between 400 and 550 pounds (181-249kg).
Newly-elected South Korean President Moon Jae-in says North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is "not a rational person," but they still want to restart dialogue with the reclusive regime.
"So I believe what Kim Jong-un would want the most is to have a security guarantee for their regime. So there is a possibility that Kim Jong-un continues to make the bluff with their nuclear weapons programs. But deep inside they are actually yearning or wanting dialogue. But in the end, the only way to find out is to have a dialogue with North Korea," Moon told "CBS This Morning" co-host Norah O'Donnell in their first one-on-one interview since they were elected.
President Trump will welcome Moon next week at the White House for a summit, and the North will be at the top of the agenda. North Korea has recently escalated its missile tests, and U.S. intelligence believes North Korea is on its way to testing an intercontinental ballistic missile, or ICBM.
S. Korean President Moon on N. Korea, Warmbier's death, Trump meeting
"Would you oppose a preemptive strike by the United States to take that out before the test?" O'Donnell asked.
"I believe when it comes to North Korea's nuclear missile threats, it is the Republic of Korea that is more dire. For the United States, the North Korean threat is a future threat that is on the horizon. But for us this is a matter of life and death," Moon said. "When it comes to preemptive strike that you mentioned, I believe that this is something we may – we can discuss at a later stage when the threat has become even more urgent."
In regards to their White House meeting with President Trump next week, Moon highlighted the importance of working together with the U.S.
"The two of us will be both in office and working together for the next five years. And the two of us also share the common goals of resolving the North Korean nuclear issue, establishing a peace regime on the Korean Peninsula, and building peace and security in Northeast Asia," Moon said. "So, if the two of us could pull together and accomplish these common goals, then I believe that this will be the most fruitful achievements that we can – that we can achieve during our terms in office. And I also believe that this will be the greatest diplomatic achievements for President Trump as well."
Moon pointed to the Trump administration calling the North Korea threat a top priority.
"Also because this is something that all of the former U.S. administrations could not achieve," they said. "And so, I highly commend President Trump's placing such great importance on the North Korean nuclear issue, and I also believe that thanks to President Trump's approach and attitude, there is a possibility of resolving this issue."
Moon said they hope they will be able to meet with Kim Jong-un "before the end of the year" if the conditions "become right" for dialogue.
"Just because we believe that dialogue is necessary does not mean that we have to be impatient for dialogue," Moon said. "And so what I hope to achieve by the end of this year is to draw North Korea out to the table for negotiation through the implementation of various and strong sanctions and pressure."
"You have laid out very ambitious goals," O'Donnell said. "How can you achieve what others have been unable to achieve?"
"There was a time when we got very close to achieving that goal," Moon responded. "This is not my unilateral initiative. This is also an initiative that had been pursued by the United States in the past."
"And you will ask President Trump to renew that?" O'Donnell asked.
"If I have the opportunity, yes," Moon responded.
There's already been a diplomatic kerfuffle ahead of Moon's meeting with Mr. Trump, after one of their informal advisers in Washington suggested South Korea might be willing to scale back military exercises with the United States. Moon said that was not on the table, and the special adviser, who is an academic, was expressing their personal view.
"I believe that there can be many opinions on how we will draw North Korea out to dialogue. And regarding this, I believe the professionals of both Korea and the United States have many differing views on how we will achieve this," Moon said. "But I believe that when it comes to the detailed strategy and tactics on how we will achieve this, this will be – have to be discussed and agreed upon during the summit meeting with President Trump. And I believe that we will need a very strong, close collaboration between Korea and the United States for this – for us to be able to achieve this with any effect."
Full transcript below:
O'Donnell: President Trump has called Kim Jong-un a madman with nuclear weapons. Do you believe that they are a madman? And why do you wanna talk to a madman?
Moon: Kim Jong-un is not a rational person. But I would like to also note that President Trump once even mentioned that they are willing to talk with Kim Jong-un over a burger. And they have another point they mentioned that it would be an honor to be able to meet Kim Jong-un. So I believe President Trump went much further than I did.
O'Donnell: Do you believe that Kim Jong-un likes burgers?
Moon: Most likely. Maybe.
O'Donnell: Most likely.
Moon: So I believe what Kim Jong-un would want the most is to have a security guarantee for their regime. So there is a possibility that Kim Jong-un continues to make the bluff with their nuclear weapons programs. But deep inside they are actually yearning or wanting dialogue. But in the end the only way to find out is to have a dialogue with North Korea.
O'Donnell: Let me ask you, it is the view of U.S. intelligence that North Korea will likely test an ICBM this year. Would you oppose a preemptive strike by the United States to take that out before the test?
Moon: I believe when it comes to North Korea's nuclear missile threats, it is the Republic of Korea that is more dire. For the United States the North Korean threat is a future threat on the horizon. But for us this is a matter of life and death. When it comes to preemptive strike that you mentioned I believe that this is something we may-- we can discuss at a later stage when the threat has become even more urgent.
O'Donnell: So, is that your message for President Trump when you meet with them at the White House?
Moon: So I believe that we will probably have such discussions. The two of us will be both in office and working together for the next five years. And the two of us also share the common goals of resolving the North Korean nuclear issue, establishing a peace regime on the Korean Peninsula, and building peace and security in northeast Asia. So, if the two of us could pull together and accomplish these common goals then I believe that this will be the most fruitful achievements that we can achieve during our terms in office. And I also believe that this will be the greatest diplomatic achievements for President Trump as well.
O'Donnell: You believe that their greatest diplomatic achievement will be what happens here on the Korean peninsula?
Moon: Yes, that is because President Trump has mentioned that North Korea was on the top of their priority list. And also because this is something that all of the former U.S. administrations could not achieve. And so, I highly commend President Trump's placing such great importance on the North Korean nuclear issue, and I also believe that thanks to President Trump's approach and attitude, there is a possibility of resolving this issue.
O'Donnell: You have promised to sit knee to knee, head to head, with the North Korean dictator. Can you go to Pyongyang this year? Can you meet with them this year?
Moon: I certainly hope that the conditions could become right for such dialogue before the end of the year. And just because we believe that dialogue is necessary does not mean that we have be impatient for dialog. And so what I hope to achieve by the end of this year is to draw North Korea out to the table for negotiation through the implementation of various and strong sanctions and pressure.
O'Donnell: You have laid out very ambitious goals… How can you achieve what others have been unable to achieve?
Moon: There was a time when we got very close to achieving that goal… This is not my unilateral initiative. This is also an initiative that had been pursued by the United States in the past.
O'Donnell: And you will President Trump to renew that?
Moon: If I have the opportunity, yes.
O'Donnell: Thank you, Mr. President.
Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak says they are “a little afraid about the future of Apple” even though “it could go positive.” Some of their concerns are based on Apple's iPhone 4S product demo. They say the company talked about its dual-core processor, but “Steve (Jobs) doesn't want us to think about dual-core processors, all we need to know is how do we get our answer, how do we connect to the internet… Human things, not technical things.” They also say they don't want Apple to go the way Sony went in its products.
Woz is living up to their twitter bio, “Engineers First!“.  They are first in line to buy the iPhone 4S outside the Los Gatos, California Apple Store. They were holding court, taking questions and signing autographs.
In this video, shot with an iPhone, Woz shared their reaction to the recent death of Steve Jobs and the last phone call they had together. Woz also talked about the Apple's planned spaceship campus and its connection to Apple history.
In another video in an earlier post, Woz talks about why they are excited about getting the iPhone 4S.
Update: A commenter on Digg points out that Jobs talked about the dual-core processors at the iPad 2 keynote.
Photo by Greg Kumparak
Editor's Note: The woman who is asking most of these questions was one of the many members of the public who gathered outside the Apple Store. Wozniak was happy to talk to anyone who had a question or comment.
If someone said “green manufacturing” to you, what comes to mind is probably environmentally friendly products – solar panels, bamboo garments and the like. But there's much more in this space. In fact, far greater environmental and economic impact can be achieved by looking further up the manufacturing chain.
There is huge potential in rethinking the energy and raw materials that go into our favourite and essential goods.
What I am talking about here is waste. What if we could turn rubbish into an input? Instead of viewing waste as a growing global burden, we could “mine” the world's landfills – by using old tyres to make steel, for instance.
We've got a huge problem with waste
Globally, waste is becoming a huge problem. There has been an eightfold increase in materials consumed over the past century. There are several reasons for this: rapid industrialisation across Asia and other developing nations; the shortening of product replacement cycles; and the dramatic fall in the prices of consumer goods and an accompanying rise of consumer cultures.
The world's three billion urban dwellers generate an average of 1.2kg of solid waste per person per day, according to the World Bank. Without innovation, landfills around the world will become increasingly clogged, exacerbating the loss of potentially valuable secondary resources and risking environmental contamination.
So let's view this increase in waste as an opportunity. Around the world, the cost of raw materials are on the rise. Rethinking waste might help us solve both problems at once.
Rethinking waste
Our waste streams are becoming increasingly complex – mixed plastics, e-waste and auto waste, for example. As such, a lot of it simply cannot be recycled using conventional approaches like sorting through rubbish to extract glass and then recycling that into more glass. This phenomenon is another reason why our landfills are filling up.
But with new approaches we can overcome this. We can look at waste at the elemental level. The world's waste mountains are packed with useful elements like carbon, hydrogen, silicon, titanium and other metals that we would otherwise have to source from virgin raw materials.
By identifying and processing these valuable elements, and redirecting them back into our industrial processes, we can simultaneously solve the problems of waste and the skyrocketing cost of inputs.
Some examples of waste in action
At UNSW's SMaRT Centre we have been researching ways to reuse waste. So far we have achieved success in introducing waste polymers, mostly old tyres, as slag foaming reagents in electric arc furnace (EAF) steelmaking, a chemical reaction which is significantly important in EAF – just as in a cappuccino or a beer, the foam is crucial to a good-quality product. This process not only reuses a waste material, but improves energy efficiency, and reduces emissions and demand for non-renewable coking coal.
We have also recently published results of our research into the substitution of green petroleum coke with the waste shells of Australian macadamia nuts in the production of high-value silicon carbide and silicon nitride – super-hard ceramics that can be used for a range of applications from medical devices, to drilling tools, high-temperature engine linings for performance cars.
We discovered that macadamia shell waste, tens of thousands of tonnes of which are thrown away in Australia every year, is an excellent source of carbon with a very low ash content. This means less impurity, and hence cheaper costs for removing these impurities when replacing conventional coke.
Into the future
But it doesn't end there. There is so much waste for which we have no answer yet. Every year tens of millions of vehicles are decommissioned, for example. While the metals that make up about 75% of a vehicle by weight can be readily and profitably recovered and recycled, the remaining plastics, glass, composites, complex materials and contaminants are mainly destined for landfill. For every car, some 100-200kg of complex and potentially toxic waste ends up as “automotive shredder residue” (ASR).
This poses a growing technical and environmental challenge worldwide, and represents a significant waste of finite resources.
We are investigating a range of transformations using ASR, including new pathways for creating alternative resources for the production of ceramic materials like silicon carbide and titanium nitride composites, produced using the silicon and titanium found in these residues. Instead of using conventional raw materials, like silica from quartz or carbon-bearing resources such as coke, waste automotive glass and plastic can be used.
This is just the start of reusing waste. There are still great advances to be made by combining these recovered resources with new modes of manufacturing. Imagine combining the ability to reform plastics with other new developments like 3D printers. In future we may use waste as an input that will enable us to locally print off something new, fully closing the materials loop.
This entry was posted in Research, Vulnerabilities, Wordfence, WordPress Security on August 3, 2016 by Mark Maunder 71 Replies
At Wordfence we track attacks across all our customer sites, both free and paid to learn more about attacker tactics, techniques and procedures (TTP's). Mining this data helps us improve Wordfence Firewall, Wordfence's Scan and our other features and to do a better job of keeping you safe.
We use a large distributed cluster to mine the huge amount of attack data we receive. Looking at the data for the past 7 days alone, we have logged 16.6 million attacks for just that period.
Analyzing our data has been incredibly productive and in the coming weeks we will be sharing additional insights. For today's post we want to share some detail on the IP address that is responsible for the most attacks on our WordPress customer sites during the past 7 days.
The first part of this IP is: 46.161.X.X. We're not sharing the full IP and in general we will mask the addresses of attacking IP's in case those servers contain vulnerabilities. We don't want to create new targets for attack. So for the sake of conversation, lets call this IP address Ivan.
Ivan has been a very bad IP address. In the past 7 days they have launched 2,036,508 attacks on our customer sites which we've blocked.
The next highest attacking IP address is responsible for 468,661 attacks, so this IP is head and shoulders the leading attack IP during the past week.
In fact Ivan is responsible for over 12% of all the attacks on all WordPress sites that Wordfence protects. That's quite an achievement.
During the past 7 days the total number of IP addresses we have blocked attacks from is 77,939 unique IP's. This gives you an idea of how many attackers there are out there. Ivan has quite a lot of competition and despite that, they managed to come out at number 1.
During the past 7 days Ivan attacked 32,091 unique websites.
97% of attacks from this IP address tried to download the wp-config.php file using a wide range of arbitrary file download vulnerabilities in both plugins and themes.
The themes that were attacked by Ivan are shown in the following table. We also show the total attacks launched on each theme across all sites, along with the number of unique sites that were attacked by trying to exploit a vulnerability in the theme.
All these attacks use known file download vulnerabilities except one which may be a zero day vulnerability, so we are redacting the name of that theme.
Theme name Total attacks Unique sites attacked infocus 83095 20587 acento 43898 20481 XXXXX* 43613 20340 jarida 43451 20292 markant 43307 20259 yakimabait 43291 20300 tess 43015 20110 felis 42854 20030 ypo-theme 42671 19995 persuasion 41527 20316 echelon 41398 20264 modular 41322 20263 awake 41123 20145 fusion 41012 20132 method 40908 20101 myriad 40702 20007 elegance 40677 19976 dejavu 40551 19997 construct 40278 19882 epic 37141 17850 linenity 36656 17619 parallelus-salutation 36586 17623 trinity 36295 17503 antioch 36180 17322 urbancity 36118 17416 parallelus-mingle 35740 17179 authentic 35683 17073 churchope 35532 17040 lote 35445 17027
The following table shows the plugins that are being attacked by Ivan. In all cases the attacker is using an arbitrary file download vulnerability in these plugins to try and download wp-config.php. All plugins have known arbitrary file download vulnerabilities except for one which may be a zero-day and which we've redacted from this report.
Plugin Name Total attacks Unique Sites Attacked filedownload 46037 21373 ajax-store-locator-wordpress 44123 20558 plugin-newsletter 38227 18351 pica-photo-gallery 37795 18126 simple-download-button-shortcode 37684 18066 wp-filemanager 37457 17236 tinymce-thumbnail-gallery 37270 17888 dukapress 36697 17495 XXXXXX* 36303 17358 db-backup 34966 16627
One of the things we examined when looking at data from this IP address is whether any cloud WAF providers are blocking these attacks. We were surprised to see 58,089 attacks from this IP in the past week bypassed Cloudflare (came in through their servers) and were not blocked. These attacks occurred on 1,183 unique websites. In each case the attack passed through a Cloudflare server and was blocked by Wordfence.
The attacks exploit well known vulnerabilities. These customers may be running Cloudflare's free package which includes “broad security protection” but does not include a WAF. In each case the request we received contained the HTTP header that verifies the source is the attacker we're analyzing and it came via Cloudflare.
Cf-Connecting-Ip: 46.161.X.X
The attacking IP we've dubbed ‘Ivan' is based in St. Petersburg, Russia. It is operated by “Petersburg Internet Network ltd.”. The IP runs Debian Linux and runs a range of services including an FTP daemon, web server (with placeholder page), mail services and SSH.
What to do
We are working to contact the net block owner and have this IP shut down. It is already on our internal black lists and it's attacks are blocked by the Wordfence firewall.
If you're a theme or plugin developer and your theme or plugin is listed above, we recommend you put some effort into ensuring that all your customers have already upgraded to your newest theme, assuming you've fixed your vulnerability. This IP is exploiting these vulnerabilities because they provide results, so it's likely there are still a few vulnerable sites out there.
If you're a WordPress user, the free version of Wordfence will protect you against the exploits we're seeing from this IP. As new attacks emerge, we improve our firewall rules which we release to our premium customers in real-time and to our free customers on a 30 day delayed schedule. That's why we recommend you upgrade to Wordfence Premium.
A debate between Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders would be a "wonderful thing," as it would show young people the dangers of socialism, retired neurosurgeon and former Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson said Friday."I would love to see such a debate because it would help to crystallize for the American people the difference between traditional American values and socialism," Carson told the Fox Business Network'sprogram."I think a lot of young people don't really know what socialism is."A lot of the younger people supporting Sanders, Carson continued, think Socialism is "coming together and caring about other people. When they find out what it's really about, I think they might change their mind."Carson, who has been working closely with the Trump campaign, also discussed Thursday's news that the New Yorker has now bypassed the 1,237 confirmed delegates they need to clinch the GOP nomination, saying that the news "says a lot about the wisdom of the American people.""The American people have been able to analyze and they recognize we have two choices," said Carson. "We have the choice of continuing along the progressive ideology of more government intervention, more political correctness, of weakening military and stability of our economy, or move to a more traditional sense of personal responsibility, understanding what our fiscal responsibilities are."Carson also denied that they had headed up Trump's search for a running mate, but said they still speak with the presumptive nominee "about a lot more than a vice presidential pick. We're talking about issues that will result in the salvation of this nation."The retired doctor also Friday said they have serious doubts about President Barack Obama's statements on Thursday that world leaders "are rattled" by the potential that Trump could become president."I seriously doubt that they're rattled, but if they are rattled, they're probably rattled because they've been listening to propaganda as so many people have been, and when they have an opportunity to actually sit down and discuss things with Donald Trump, with their secretary of state with other diplomatic personnel they're going to understand it is logical," said Carson.The nation under Trump will be "fair," they continued."We're not going to be trying to take advantage of them, but we don't want them taking advantage of us either, so I think it will actually make for a more peaceful situation in the world," said Carson.
BANJUL (Reuters) - Gambian President Adama Barrow has replaced the head of the military, a pillar of their predecessor Yahya Jammeh's repressive government, and dismissed a number of senior military officers, officials said on Monday.
Gambian President Adama Barrow arrives for the swearing-in ceremony and the Gambia's Independence Day at the Independence Stadium, in Bakau, Gambia February 18, 2017. REUTERS/Thierry Gouegnon
The director of the prisons system was also arrested, as were nine men suspected of being members of Jammeh's alleged death squads, known as the Jungulars.
The moves were the latest in a series of arrests and personnel changes under Barrow, who is seeking to assert control following the end of Jammeh's 22-year rule. The former president fled into exile last month after refusing to accept their election defeat.
Jammeh was themselves an army officer, seizing power in a coup in 1994, and they leaned heavily on the military to bolster their grip on the country, a popular destination with European tourists.
General Ousman Badjie, the defense chief of staff, was removed along with 10 other senior officers, including the directors of operations and intelligence, army spokesperson Lieutenant Kemo Kanuteh said.
Badjie's loyalty appeared to vacillate between Jammeh and Barrow in the wake of the Dec. 1 election.
They finally publicly recognized Barrow as commander-in-chief last month as a regional intervention force closed in on the capital Banjul to remove Jammeh, stating they would welcome the force “with flowers and make them a cup of tea”.
Badjie will be replaced by Barrow's military advisor Massaneh Kinteh, who was also a defense chief of staff under Jammeh.
About 20 army officers, including those suspected of involvement in a failed 2014 coup against Jammeh, were reinstated, Kanuteh said.
Since assuming office with the support of regional neighbors, Barrow has been quick to follow through on promises to end years of stifling limits on individual freedoms and rights.
While some have pointed to the potential risks of attacking entrenched figures in the intelligence and security apparatus, the president has in recent days moved to satisfy popular calls for justice.
David Colley, the director of the prison system, who was sacked over the weekend, was arrested late on Monday, police public relations officer Foday Conta said.
Gambia's prisons and jails, including the notorious Mile 2 Central Prison in Banjul, were where human rights groups say Jammeh's perceived opponents were tortured and in some cases died. Another former prisons director was arrested last month.
Conta said four suspected Jungulars, who Jammeh's opponents accuse of murder and forced disappearances of opposition figures, were being held by the police. Another five had been arrested by the military police, they said.
Jammeh's head of the National Intelligence Agency and several others were charged with the murder of an opposition youth leader last week.
Here's another bit of Dale Down Under, I'm thinkin I'm gonna have to update this one on the side or behind the scenes and release it all at once. I'm still learning this whole digital drawing a bit as well, it always seems to look better in traditional media:
Then I go and digitize it and NOPE is not so good!
For as much I just want to go “FUCKIT, i'm staying with regular paper and pencils,” the digital stuff is just too powerful to not learn.
During this week I'll be redoing some of the website, removing lots of things along the top as well as adding some icons on the right side of that menu bar for twitter/G+/deviantart/gmail. I will have to figure out how to make it NOT look like it says “MATT” though. Damn.
Geochemists from the Trinity College Dublin's School of Natural Sciences believe they may have figured out not only where, but also how life first began on Earth. Within their paper, that was published in the Geochimica et Cosmochimica Acta journal, the team of geochemists discusses how large meteorite and comets altered the sea upon impact.
These massive strikes built conditions conducive to life on the planet. Synthesis of complex organic molecules occurred upon the merging of water and the heated rocks, turning the large craters into microhabitats where life was able to thrive.
Scientists have long believed that materials from meteors and comets sent raw, complex organic materials along with the amount of energy needed for synthesis to occur. These latest findings are the first to create a hypothesis that the craters created on impact were the perfect environment to promote the very first sprouts of life. Edel O'Sullivan, first author says that former studies focused on pinpointing life's beginnings had their attention mainly on synthesis in hydrothermal environments, which are located within mid-ocean ridges. The problem with their studies is that these ridges most likely had not been created at the start of life. Sullivan's new study shows the possibility of hydrothermal systems that were contained within a crater in Sudbury, Ontario, Canada. Their research was just a part of a much larger project led by Balz Kamber, professor of Geology and Mineralogy within Trinity.
Science News Journal reached out to the project leader, professor Balz Kamber, and they told us:
“The search for chemical reactors that could have produced life-forming molecules has previously focussed on rock-water interaction at so-called mid-ocean ridges. On the modern earth, this is the one place where fresh volcanic rock and shallow bodies of magma are commonly emplaced in seawater. The new study suggests that subaqueous impact structures could also provide suitable environments and that rock-water interaction at such sites needs to be studied in the context of synthesis of complex molecules.”
What makes the Sudbury hole so special is that it contains a very thick basin fill, which is black due to carbon exposure and full of hydrothermal metal deposits. This particular basis offers a rough model of what early impact craters would have looked like. Professor Kamber says tectonic forces have caused all rocks to become exposed upon the surface, altering the width of the crater. They say because of this, one would be able to explore the shocked footwall by going through the melt sheet and around the whole basin. This allows researchers the ability to better understand how time has changed the crater.
Samples were gathered across the basin fill, evaluating for carbon isotopes and overall chemistry. Upon further examination, geochemists say the crater was completely filled with seawater during its earliest years. Because the water within the basin was secluded from the ocean for so long, it deposited more than 1.5 km of volcanic rock and debris. The bottom section of the crater contains rocks that were created when water and a base still hot from impact combined. Natural reactions caused by the cooling of fuel delivered volcanic rocks and stimulated hydrothermal activity. Reduced carbon found above the rock deposits became smaller and smaller.
In the past, it wasn't understood how carbon found its way into the rocks. The answer lied on the exterior of the crater basin. The new study also found that microbial life inside the crater basin is the reason for all of the carbon build-up as well as the decrease in nutrients. When the crater walls eventually caved in, test results showed a complete restoration of nutrients that made their way inside via the neighboring sea.
Professor Kamber also answered our question of what that meant for life on Earth, could it mean that it provided a necessary boost for rapid development of life that was already present on Earth or did it re-establish it:
The financial analysts at Wells Fargo predicted that AT&T(NYSE: T) will outspend its rivals on licenses during the FCC's incentive auction next year of TV broadcasters' 600 MHz spectrum, dropping up to $10 billion on a 2x10 MHz block of spectrum with nationwide capability. The analysts predict T-Mobile (NYSE:TMUS) will come in second with bids of up to $8 billion, while Verizon (NYSE: VZ) will clock in last among the nation's largest wireless carriers with a total of $5 billion in bids.
As the Wells Fargo analysts point out in their latest report on the incentive auction, AT&T initially pledged to bid at least $9 billion in the incentive auction, but when the carrier made that pledge it was still in the process of acquiring DirecTV. The Wells Fargo analysts said that, since the close of its DirecTV acquisition earlier this year, AT&T has backtracked from that pledge.
Nonetheless, the analysts point to recent statements on the auction from AT&T CFO John Stephens that "We would expect to participate. … Certainly, getting nationwide opportunities is what we've talked about in the past. The 2x10 nationwide capability is something that works very well with our network planning and our network team, but we will see how this develops."
AT&T was the biggest spending during the FCC's recent AWS-3 spectrum auction, dropping $18.2 billion on those licenses.
For their part, T-Mobile executives have been very clear in their intention to participate in the auction. Company executives in recent weeks have said they could have up to $10 billion to spend on the auction, and that the company's primary goals include fleshing out its nationwide coverage in low-band spectrum and improving its spectrum holdings in some top markets. "TMUS has already raised $4B in pre-funding, with plans to raise another $2B closer to the auction date," the Wells Fargo analysts said. "We estimate that TMUS will spend $8B in the auction, which equates to 3.6x net leverage as of YE2016. This compares to its leverage ratio of 3.2x as of the end of Q3'15."
As for Verizon, Wells Fargo said the operator has the credit to spend up to $10 billion in the auction, but that Verizon will likely spend around half that. "Similar to what T has said publicly and based on our conversations with spectrum experts, we look for VZ to contribute in a meaningful way if 2x10MHz bands are made available," the Wells Fargo analysts said.
Sprint has said it will not bid in the auction.
Overall, in its report Wells Fargo predicts the 600 MHz incentive auction will generate total bids of $30 billion to $35 billion -- a figure below the astounding $45 billion generated in the FCC's recent AWS-3 auction but still above all of the other spectrum auctions the FCC has conducted.
Part of what may drive up that price is participation in the auction from so-called "dark horse" players, or those companies that do not currently play in the wireless industry. Wells Fargo pointed to cable companies like Comcast as possible auction dark horses, as well as Google, SoftBank, Dish Network and possibly former Facebook executive Chamath Palihapitiya, who has said they may participate in the event.
Related articles:
Chamath Palihapitiya and Rama face obstacles in constructing a microcell network after 600 MHz auction, analysts say
Analysts: Comcast, Charter, Dish and Google might bid in 600 MHz auction - but won't be building out networks
Sinclair, CBS, Gray voice support for FCC's 600 MHz incentive auction, other TV broadcasters on the fence
Comcast, Charter may participate in 600 MHz auction, while Time Warner Cable plans to stay home
T-Mobile seen as favorite to win spectrum in 600 MHz auction, but smaller carriers likely to jump in as well
Washington D.C.—
President Donald Trump has reportedly been taking offense to the idea that some Republicans might opportunistically run against them in 2020, and also that some Republicans think they will choose not to run again in 2020 anyway.
Among others, Senators Ben Sasse and Jeff Flake have inspired speculation that they might run against Trump in 2020.
White House officials have been adamant that Mr. Trump is very much going to run for reelection, but their popularity has plummeted since taking office, and every week seems to bring a year's worth of political scandals and controversies. The fact that he's also a shitty person is becoming more and more of an accepted fact, particularly following their pension-screw-over of Andrew McCabe and unraveling porn star scandals.
However, if Mr. Trump is actually, really going to run again in 2020, they are apparently bad at reading the American room.  They are quite literally the least popular president in recorded history. They have also offended every demographic of Americans except white male nazis, so go figure. It's also fairly obvious that Trump hates being president and didn't realize he'd have so much reading about subjects other than themselves to do.
Mr. President, consider reconsidering your reelection.
(Picture courtesy of Michael Vadon.)
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Stargate (Lego model by Kelly McKiernan) Genre Fan art 3D art by Kelly 'Binkmeister' McKiernan Country of origin United States Broadcast Release date 30 October 2005 External links Official website
This Stargate is a Lego animated model of the Stargate device made by Kelly 'Binkmeister' McKiernan.
Description Edit
There is seven lights in the chevrons. The inner ring spins using a computerized LEGO RCX unit and two motors on the base. It's programmed to spin randomly for between 2-7 seconds, then stop for half a second, and reverse for another 2-7 seconds. This happens seven times as to lock seven chevrons adresses.
This model Won best Best Medium Space and Best Brick Mod awards at BrickFest 2005.
No instructions to build it was given.
Production Edit
It was constructed over a period of 3 months in mid-2005. It was first displayed at BrickFest 2005 on the campus of George Mason University in Virginia (USA) then displayed on the internet on 30 October 2005 on MOCpages.com Lego fan creation website.
Martin Shkreli, a business person best known for raising the price of an anti-parasitic drug by over 5,000 percent, has stepped down from their position at Turing Pharmaceuticals. They were arrested for securities fraud on Tuesday for previous work at their hedge fund.
If convicted, the 32-year-old faces up to 20 years in prison.
Ron Tilles, the chairperson of Turing's board of directors, has been named the interim chief executive officer. Turing announced in a press release that the company wished Shkreli the best of luck in all future endeavors. Turing had already issued a press release earlier on Friday pledging that “no patient needing Daraphrim will be denied access.”
As Turing's CEO, Shkreli gained notoriety for jacking up the price of Daraprim, a drug used to treat parasitic infections resulting from toxoplasmoisis, by more than 50 times. Stemming from contact with toxoplasma gondii parasite, one of the world's most common parasites, the disease poses a risk to people with compromised immune systems, such as AIDS patients, malaria sufferers, and people undergoing chemotherapy.
Martin Shkreli probably needs a Xanax right now. I'm willing to sell them one for $500,000. — Tom Cowell (@MrTomCowell) December 17, 2015
Daraprim's price increase scandal was not Shkreli's first time facing controversy. In 2011, they started Retrophin and acquired old drugs in order to raise their price. However, Shkreli was fired by Retrophin's board a year later. This week, they stand accused of using the company “as their personal piggy bank.”
While running Retrophin, Shkreli was also the head of the MSMB hedge fund. Tuesday's charges stem from them allegedly lying to investors about the success of MSMB and using money from Retrophin to cover up their losses. In December 2010, Shkreli told an investor that “the firm had $35 million in assets under management. In fact, it had $700,” the New York Times reported.
Described by federal officials as running a “quasi-Ponze scheme,” Shkreli was indicted on seven charges, including securities fraud conspiracy, security fraud, and wire fraud conspiracy. Also facing a conspiracy charge is Evan Greeble, 42, who is accused of assisting Shkreli in their fraudulent activities. Greeble is a New York City lawyer who was working with Retrophin at the time.
Released on $5 million bail, Shkreli also faces a $65 million lawsuit from Retrophin. Speaking on behalf of Shkreli, a spokesperson was confident that they would be cleared of all charges.
Shkreli has become infamous in the US, and even abroad, for their role at pharmaceutical companies. One investment that Shkreli has managed to hold on to is a one-of-a-kind Wu-Tang Clan album – Once Upon a Time in Shaolin. After paying $2 million for the sole CD, Shkreli was recorded earlier this week taunting Wu-Tang fans who asked to listen to it.
Wu-Tang's RZA emailed Businessweek to distance the Clan from Shkreli, saying “The sale of Once Upon a Time in Shaolin was agreed upon in May, well before Martin Skhreli's [sic] business practices came to lift. We decided to give a significant portion of the proceeds to charity.”
Recently there has been a lot of fanfare about the abuse that MPs have been receiving online via social media. Numerous MPs from both sides of the aisle have been complaining about the abuse they received online, with Diane Abbot pointing at racist and sexist attitudes from the right as the cause, whilst MPs on the right have been particularly critical of the “intolerant left”.
Hatred anger and outrage on the Internet is nothing new, the Internet is a reflection of society as a whole and whilst the hatred might be more amplified online through anonymity and bots, there is no escaping the hatred symptom of the society that we live in. Politicians and public figures from across the political spectrum have to deal with these abuses online and to a lesser extent in person, so perhaps this hatred and contempt is caused by something other than misogyny or intolerance.
Research from the Resolution Foundation found that average UK worker will still earn less in 2021 than they did in 2008 and the ONS (Office for National Statistics) found that the UK underwent a a 0.6% drop in real pay in the three months to April, and a 0.4% fall in the previous three months. The middle class is shrinking rapidly, inflation is rising, the pound is on the decline, public services are being nurses and cleaners have to work several jobs live. To write off this hatred and abuse online as nothing more than vitriol is naive and dangerous. People are desperate. Perhaps they aren't fully versed in the complex causes of the social and economic decline of the country they live in, so they understandably turn their frustrations on those in power or those who they believe to be the problem.
In the US, Republican senators and members of congress have no almost entirely refused to hold town halls over fear of “paid protesters” following the backlash that they faced earlier in the year (see the video above). They seem to fear angry constituents voicing legitimate concerns about President Trump, reforms to health care system in the US, and the potential removal of the treatment options that have become available to them as a result of the Affordable Care Act.
Yet this anger is not simply anti-Republican, it is indicative of the anger that in bubbling beneath the surface of society, that boils over whenever we hit flash-points. Whether that be Trump's election, the Grenfell Tower, or the riots that have erupted in London over the Rashan Charles death.
Dismissal of those with legitimate immigration concerns as angry racists similar mistake that's been made not only by politicians by the public and the media at large. Many of these people play concerned about the economic state of their country something that might not have been caused by immigrants that's something that goes at the top and the media have told them is causing the problems. These institutions that people are supposed to be able to trust, so while people might not always believe the exaggerated stories they're likely to absorb the feeling but these people are causing their problems.
Public Representatives in Britain America and the rest of the world as well as the media at large need to see but this hatred that is emerging online is a sign of the desperation. People are angry about there inability to progress economically – millennials will be the first generation in decades to earn less than their parents and they are understandably frustrated and angry.
The top 1% of earners in the UK (that is households earning £275,000 and upwards) have now completely recovered from the 2008 financial crash, whilst public services continue to see cuts and austerity continues. Phillip Hammond just pushed the target for deficit reduction back to 2027, so we could see a further 10 years of austerity before spending on public services can be re-examined. So whilst the top end of society have recovered since the recession and have recieved income and corporation tax breaks under the premise of encouraging investment, those at the bottom, from all sides of the political spectrum, continue to struggle.
The middle class is being squeezed and the people at the bottom the hardest. There is a place for political debate and rhetoric and the issues to be discussed in a manner, what is often lacking is a touch of empathy or compassion for the struggle the people are enduring on a day-to-day basis. Lip service to these people doesn't improve the state of the housing market, it doesn't pay their bills, and it doesn't feed their kids.
MPs are failing to represent their constituents and protect the vulnerable members of society from low wages, an over-priced housing market, post-Brexit inflation, and rising student debts (amongst other things) and people are suffering. There will always be hate on the internet, that is part and parcel of humanity, but politicians on both sides of the Atlantic need to stop dismissing this anger as intolerance or racism. The reality is that people are struggling and whilst that continues in a system they feel powerless in, they will continue to lash out at those who they perceive to be the problem.
If you enjoyed what you read here you can follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram to keep up to date with everything we are covering, or sign up to our mailing list here!
Micro-wallaby found in Indonesia
Updated
Scientists exploring a remote Indonesian forest say they have uncovered a collection of new species, including the world's smallest known wallaby, a Pinocchio-nosed frog and a yellow-eyed gecko.
An international group of scientists finds the species in the remote Foja Mountains on the island of New Guinea in late 2008 and released the details, including pictures, on Monday ahead of the International Day for Biological Diversity on May 22.
Many of the species found during the survey are believed to be new to science, Conservation International and the National Geographic Society said, including several new mammals, a reptile, an amphibian, and a dozen insects.
The discoveries come just as scientists warn of the growing threat of accelerating loss of species as the planet warms and forests and other habitats are destroyed to feed a growing human population.
"While animals and plants are being wiped out across the globe at a pace never seen in millions of years, the discovery of these absolutely incredible forms of life is much needed positive news," said Conservation International's Bruce Beehler, a participant on the expedition.
"Places like these represent a healthy future for all of us and show that it is not too late to stop the current species extinction crisis."
The Foja Mountains are in the Indonesian province of Papua on the island of New Guinea and cover a large area of undeveloped and undisturbed rainforest.
Conservation International said the frog's Pinocchio-like protuberance on its nose pointed upwards when the male called but pointed downwards when they were less active.
The team also found a tame, woolly rat, a bent-toed gecko with yellow eyes, a new imperial pigeon and a tiny forest wallaby that is believed to be the smallest member of the kangaroo family documented in the world.
Other discoveries recorded during the survey included a new blossom bat, which feeds on rainforest nectar, and a small tree-mouse.
Scientists are becoming increasingly concerned over the rate of species loss on the planet and point out the huge benefits of forests, river systems, wetlands and oceans to human livelihoods and economies.
Recent reports show that world governments failed to meet the targets agreed to in 2002 to reduce the rate of loss of biodiversity by 2010, which was declared by the United Nations the International Year of Biodiversity.
Negotiators from around the globe meet in Japan in October to discuss new targets to stem biodiversity loss for the next 40 years.
- Reuters
Topics: endangered-and-protected-species, animals, indonesia
First posted
Los Angeles Rams Head Coach Sean McVay and General Manager Les Snead
(On the mood in the draft room with no first round selection)
Snead:
“I think early in the round, I was like a fan, didn't really know who was going to go where. It's fun watching how the quarterback run goes. But I think, towards the end there – heck, when it gets around pick 25, 26, 27, you realize, ‘Okay, we're getting closer.' And at that point, I know you all will ask, ‘What's the next step?' And I think the next step is we're five picks away, so we have got to have five players that we would take and then, from there, you decide whether you go up and get one of the five, or you take one, or you move back from there and grab another pick. So, I think that's going to be the strategy from their point forward.”
(On Head Coach Sean McVay's first time in the draft room as a head coach)
McVay:
“It was pretty similar to what I had experienced in Washington, just being in there watching the picks go off the board. The unique thing about it is, just kind of knowing what's going to be our gameplan, like Les had mentioned starting out tomorrow where you kind of categorize our top five players and then I think it'll, kind of, naturally sort itself out. The thing that you do feel good about, when you look at the depth of this draft, there are a lot of good players at different positions that we feel really good about and that kind of gives us some flexibility, in terms of what we'll want to do at 37 that's going to help us get better as a football team.”
(On if there was anything that grabbed their attention during the first round)
Snead:
“Again, I hadn't analyzed it, but I think we did mention that, at one time, no corner went in the top-10. It seems like there are corners that go in the top-10. I think we mentioned, at one point there was only one OL (offensive linemen) that was taken, but the Saints ruined the streak at the end. But, I think those were some trends that we noticed.”
McVay:
“Yeah, that seemed to be, kind of, the theme that was a little bit different than in years past. When you see only two offensive linemen – especially when there are a handful of guys in the premium at that position and guys that can protect the quarterback – that was surprising in addition to those corners. Different than in years past, especially of late.”
Snead:
“And I do think a continued trend is there's a lot of activity nowadays. Whether teams coming up to get QBs, teams moving back, it just seems like, over the last few years, the first round has been a lot more active – and that continued.”
(On if the strategy is to still take the best available player)
Snead:
“Yeah, I think that's what we'll do tonight. The way we would do it is – and when we say five players, heck, ‘scenario A' would be – let's just call it ‘scenario one,' that'll be our favorite player. If he's there, you take him. And then, it goes down from there. Let's just say that player gets taken at (No.) 33, then we got to move to ‘scenario two, three, four, and five.' I do think trading up and trading back also becomes a scenario. That's what tonight and tomorrow morning, and pretty much all day we'll try to figure out that.”
(On if the player that fits either of those scenarios is still available on the board)
Snead:
“Oh, to be honest, yes. He's still there. That's part of trying to handicap who will be gone in the first (round). We weren't playing fantasy football and had a certain player up there that wasn't going to be there.”
(On if they ever thought about trading up into the first round)
Snead:
“Truthfully, no. We knew this was the year probably not to give up picks to go get a player late. We had done a lot of work on who we felt would fall to (second round), and we were very comfortable with those players. So, we felt that it might be the best strategy to stay put this year.”
(On if their desired player is still available on the board)
Snead:
“Still there.”
McVay:
“Players. He's got a lot of guys (laughs). Les leans over at (No.) 30 with their tape, and you feel really good about a bunch of different guys. That's the thing that's unique about this experience is kind of having all of those contingency plans in place, which they've done a great job with. You're sitting there at (No.) 30, before that pick is even made. He's got their top-eight listed in order of priority. So, you can appreciate the plans, and we're all on the same page. We know, no matter what happens, how those next picks lay out. Once we get to (No.) 37, we're going to get a great football player that we feel good about.”
Government ministers will tell phone companies to introduce "drive safe" modes on devices
All mobile phones could soon be equipped with technology that prevents the being used by motorists if government ministers get their way.
According to the Guardian, ministers are set to meet with mobile phone companies in the new year to discuss the introduction of “drive safe” modes, which could block them from being used above a certain speed.
>>> Watch: Shocking video of motorist using three phones and nearly taking out cyclist
Similar to flight safe modes, this would stop drivers from sending and receiving messages or calls, hopefully preventing accidents similar to the one that recently saw a motorist jailed for nine years for killing a cyclist while texting, despite eight previous convictions for using a phone behind the wheel.
The move will be part of a wider crackdown on mobile phone use by motorists, with the fine for using a phone behind the wheel increasing from £100 to £200 in the spring, and drivers also receiving six points on their license rather than three.
Our vehicle screeched to a halt. We were returning from Uri where 18 soldiers were killed in a terror attack a day before. Security forces deployed along the highway were pulling back for the day.From the front seat of the car, I could only see the top of a head. A boy, no older than 12, had forced our vehicle to stop. With them was a group of another dozen, all in the same age group - 12 to 14 years old.These are the "stone-pelters" of Kashmir, mostly minors, groups of young boys who take over the streets and highways as the security forces withdraw each day.Our driver Ashiq, in their mid-fifties, apologised profusely to the boys for having broken an unofficial lock-down imposed by separatists in Kashmir. They were not listening and threw stones at our vehicle.Sheikh Momin, our camera person, jumped out to reason with the group. Momin is local boy who has studied in Srinagar and now works with NDTV in New Delhi.As they tried to talk to the boys, they zeroed in on a band they were wearing. "Why the band on your hand, it is un-Islamic?" a boy, about 12, said.Momin, in their mid-20s and who wears faded jeans, loves apps on their phone and listens to pop music, was stumped. As they searched for an answer, the young boys said, "You are a Hindu."And then, pointing to the camera slung across Momin's shoulder, another accusation - "Indian media."A few adults watched from a distance as the boys conducted their inquisition. No one made an attempt to stop them.Sensing trouble, Ashiq bowed and touched the feet of the 12-year-old to ask for forgiveness for having violated the lock-down orders issued by the Hurriyat and being enforced by its band of child soldiers.He then had to listen to a long sermon and a heap of abuses from the boy, younger than their grandson. They did so quietly and was finally allowed to go after they promised never to violate the lock-down again.Along the highway, an elderly man who keeps their small shop open on the sly, said "I don't believe Burhan Wani's killing triggered this, something doesn't match."At night, slogans of "Azaadi" or freedom blare out from a mosque in the heart of capital Srinagar, where we are staying.Over the last few months, it is groups of boys like the ones we met who have been holding the streets of Kashmir to ransom. Since July 8, when Hizbul Mujahideen terrorist Burhan Wani was killed by security forces, the Valley has been on the boil. Union Home Minister Rajnath Singh has visited the Valley several times, even leading an all-party delegation. Mobile and internet services have been snapped many times and restored as many times.New Delhi has pointed at Pakistan and there is strong proof. The National Investigative Agency or NIA is probing slush funds landing in the Valley and being used to prop up the protesters. But there are no clear answers to who and how these young boys are being organized and motivated.(Sudhi Ranjan Sen is NDTV's Editor Security and Strategic Affairs)
A North Carolina gun rights group is raffling off an AR-15, 1,000 rounds of ammunition and a portrait of Hillary Clinton to raise money for Republican congressional candidates, CBS News reported Thursday.
In a post announcing the “Hillary Clinton Special,” Grass Roots North Carolina Treasurer Grant Gardner jokes that “what you do with the picture is between you and Hillary.”
“We won't tell you what to do with the photo, but when we ran a picture of Hillary on the front of our newsletter, we heard it was very popular at the range,” Gardner added.
The political lobbying group plans to hold the drawing on Election Day, and will donate the funds to candidates running against Democratic state officials including Roy Cooper, Josh Stein and Deborah Ross.
In the promotion for the contest, Gardner relies on the claim made by Donald Trump and other prominent Republicans that Clinton plans to confiscate weapons from gun owners.
Grass Roots North Carolina warns that “there won't be a gun (or ammunition) available for love or money” if Clinton wins and tells gun owners the contest may be “among the last chances” to obtain them.
Trump has falsely asserted that Clinton “wants to abolish the Second Amendment” and also joked that gun owners may be the only people capable of preventing them from implementing a liberal policy agenda.
The Republican nominee told supporters at a North Carolina rally that there were nothing voters could do from stopping them from appointing judges to the Supreme Court if they win the election.
“Although the Second Amendment people, maybe there is,” they added.
While Trump has insisted they were not suggesting gun owners kill their opponent, Republicans from Trump advisor Al Baldassaro to Ted Nugent to a West Virginia lawmaker have all called for Clinton to be executed.
I've altered the titles for 3 team members because I feel the original titles that were used in this update were not descriptive enough. @saeveritt, @Fuzzybear and @backpacker69 were previously listed as Core Members, the same as Irritant and Nagalim, however in reality they are developers.
@sigmike and @hrobeers are Core Protocol Developers. I originally wanted to list Saeveritt, Fuzzybear and backpacker69 as Core Developers without “Protocol” in the title, however I felt the distinction might not be obvious enough to people and cause confusion. This is the reason I just labeled them as Core Members instead.
Now I feel this title is not accurately representing their abilities and responsibilities, so I've decided to simply call them Developers and leave “Core” out of the name completely, thus removing any potential confusion that they may be working on the core protocol. So to be clear, they are developers that work on Peercoin related projects like PeerAssets, block explorers, infrastructure, maybe even the client itself, however they don't work on the core protocol.
I've also slightly adjusted the titles for @peerchemist and @Sunny_King to be more descriptive. So the titles will now be as follows…
"Paracetamol could make difficult decisions less of a headache," the Mail Online reports. The story follows a US study that looked at whether taking paracetamol could reduce the pain of making difficult decisions.
Researchers tested their theory in two experiments where young, healthy adults were given either paracetamol or an inactive placebo.
The first experiment tested the theory that being asked to choose between two equally attractive things can cause mental discomfort.
Participants were asked to rate seven mental tasks and choose one of two they rated positively. People who took paracetamol were less negative about the rejected task than those who took a placebo, suggesting they experienced less pain in decision making.
The second experiment tested the theory of "loss aversion" – where people put greater value on personal possessions they own than those they do not. Participants were given a coffee mug – half were told it was theirs, while the other half were told it was the property of the laboratory.
All were asked to give a selling price for the mug. Those who took paracetamol set lower selling prices than those taking a placebo, presumably because they experienced lower levels of loss aversion.
This small study proves very little about the effect of paracetamol on the pain of decision making. The suggestion that we should take paracetamol every time we face a difficult decision in life is certainly not advisable. Sustained regular use is not recommended, and even a small overdose can cause potentially fatal liver damage.
Where did the story come from?
The study was carried out by researchers from the University of Kentucky. There is no information about external funding.
It was published in the peer-reviewed Journal of Experimental Social Psychology.
The study was covered uncritically by the Mail Online, with no comments from independent experts.
What kind of research was this?
This US study involved two experiments carried out in the laboratory setting, testing the theory that taking paracetamol can reduce the pain of certain types of decision making.
The researchers say people often talk of decisions being "painful". They specifically explored the theories of "cognitive dissonance" and "loss aversion".
Cognitive dissonance is the theory that if we have to choose between two equally attractive things (such as paying for a luxury holiday or buying a new car) it can cause mental discomfort.
To make this less painful, the researchers say, we rationalise the decision by adopting a negative attitude towards the choice we rejected ("I don't really need a new car" or "Sitting on the beach all day would have been boring").
Loss aversion is the theory that people endow their personal possessions with greater value than things they do not own.
The researchers say both cognitive dissonance and loss aversion involve regions of the brain associated with physical pain (the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex [dACC] and anterior insula), and hypothesise that paracetamol may reduce the pain of decision making.
What did the research involve?
In the first experiment, researchers recruited 112 undergraduates, three-quarters of whom were women, with an average age of 19.
They were screened for conditions that might have affected the results, including dependence conditions such as alcohol misuse or daily paracetamol consumption. They were randomised to consume 1g of paracetamol (one standard dose) or an inactive placebo pill.
After half an hour they were given descriptions of seven cognitive tasks and asked to rate their desirability. The tasks were described as puzzles, but frustratingly no detailed information was provided on the type of tasks described to the undergraduates.
The researchers then selected two tasks rated positively by each participant, who then chose which task they or they would perform later. After another half hour they were instructed to rate the tasks again and try to ignore their earlier evaluations, as they were told by the researchers that preferences can change over time.
In the second experiment, researchers recruited 95 undergraduates (just over half were women with an average age of 20) who met the same criteria as in the first experiment. They were randomised to be given either 1g of paracetamol or a placebo pill.
They were also handed a mug with the university logo. Participants were randomised again so that half were told the mug was theirs to keep, while the other half were told it was the property of the laboratory.
They were all instructed to examine the mug for 30 seconds. They were not told about the mug's true value. After 30 minutes they were instructed that they could sell the mug and were asked to list the selling price.
What were the basic results?
In the first experiment, participants rated their rejected task with fewer positive attributes to try to reduce any mental discomfort. However, people who took paracetamol were less negative about the rejected task compared with those taking placebo, suggesting they experienced less pain in decision making.
In the second experiment, among participants who had been told the mug was theirs, those who took paracetamol set lower selling prices than those who took the placebo drug.
People who took paracetamol and were told the mug was theirs also set lower prices than the other group, who were told the mug was not theirs.
Among all those who took a placebo, mug prices were not significantly higher among those told the mug was theirs than those told it was university property.
How did the researchers interpret the results?
The researchers say their experiments showed that paracetamol reduced the pain of decision making. They say that in the first experiment, paracetamol reduced participants' need to reduce discomfort by adopting a more negative attitude towards the rejected task.
In the second experiment, in which they were asked to set the price of a mug, participants who took paracetamol set lower selling prices, presumably because they experienced lower levels of loss aversion.
"Making decisions can be painful, but a physical painkiller can take the pain away," the researchers concluded.
Conclusion
This experimental study involved giving people paracetamol or a placebo, then asking them to take part in two very specific decision-making scenarios to test the psychological states of cognitive dissonance and loss aversion.
The results of the first experiment suggested people who took paracetamol were less negative about the rejected task than those who took a placebo, suggesting they experienced less cognitive dissonance.
The results of the second experiment found those who took paracetamol set lower selling prices than those taking a placebo, presumably because they experienced lower levels of loss aversion.
However, the researchers' hypothesis that paracetamol can help with the mental discomfort associated with decision making remains just that – a hypothesis.
There are many limitations to this study, including its small specific sample of healthy young adults, and these are highly experimental scenarios that do not necessarily relate to real-life situations.
The results also do not give a clear and consistent pattern. For example, people who took a placebo in the second experiment didn't rate the value of the mug differently regardless of whether they were told it was theirs or not, suggesting they were not experiencing loss aversion in any case.
Our capacity to make difficult decisions is a complex area that involves many factors, and the idea that any uncertainty or conflict around a decision would be removed just by taking a painkiller is surely dubious.
In any case, even if the pain of decision making was reduced, it does not seem to necessarily follow that we would subsequently then make the "right" decision.
The suggestion that we should be encouraged to slip a pill every time we face a painful decision is certainly not advisable. Paracetamol is a medical drug that is only designed to treat physical pain and reduce fever.
It is safe to use at recommended doses and for the proper reasons, but sustained regular use is not recommended – even a small overdose can cause potentially fatal liver damage.
Finance is a strange industry. The way we think about fees, the way it's discussed in the media, how laypeople use it, and the way it's taught in school is like no other field.
Maybe the best way to get this across is to imagine -- hypothetically and absurdly -- if other industries got away with stuff Wall Street does.
If we thought of school grades like we do corporate accounting: Robert gets an F on a test but says they actually got an A if you strip out one-time bad answers on a pro forma, pre-mistake basis. Their teachers buy it.
If we held weathermen to the same standard as stock pundits: Peter, a local weatherman, has been predicting since the 1970s that a blizzard dumping up to two feet of snow will hit Miami imminently. It hasn't been below 50 degrees in Miami for decades, but Peter is inducted to the Meteorology Hall of Fame for their "spot-on, dead-accurate forecasts of the Miami climate."
If we were as impatient about gardening as we are investing: Sam plants some seeds in their backyard. They check back four hours later. Nothing. They dig them up and replants them. Four hours. Still nothing. A week later they are dismayed that they have no oak trees in their backyard. They call oak trees a scam.
If we thought of farming like we do global finance: Joe and Ronald each own a cow. Instead of milking the cows and selling dairy, they use each other's cow as collateral for a structured note sold to an Icelandic pension fund, use the funds to buy credit default swaps on their neighbor's farm, start a rumor that causes a run on its assets and sends the farm into bankruptcy, collect the payout, funnel the proceeds through a Luxembourg shell company, and sell hypothetical milk futures to a widow in Arizona. The cows just stand in a field and moo. Joe and Ronald make $34.9 million a year.
If we checked our physical health as much as we check our portfolios: Ryan wakes up in the morning and checks their blood pressure. They check it again before breakfast, during breakfast, after breakfast, and before leaving for work. When they get to work they check their cholesterol, again before lunch, and twice before bedtime. During one of the four times they weigh themselves during the day the notices they lost a quarter of a pound. They call their doctor to find out what the hell is going on.
If we credentialed doctors as easily as we do stock brokers: Jim recited the "hip bone's connected to the leg bone" song. That qualifies them to be a neurosurgeon and your life is now in theirs hands.
If we thought of wine like we do triple-A rated subprime mortgage bonds: Roger takes a Capri Sun, leaves it outside for a few hours and calls it Chateau Mouton Rothschild 1945. It takes a decade for wine experts to figure out what's going on. They're still arguing about notes and finish.
If we thought of cell phone fees like we do mutual fund fees: Betty has a cell phone. They have no idea what it costs, since the fees are deducted automatically from their bank without them receiving a bill. They never even sees the money leave the bank – it's quietly siphoned off every quarter. They learn their cell phone costs 1% of their annual assets. Quick math shows she's paying $20,000 a year for a cell phone that only works some of the time. They had no idea, and the cell phone company prefers it that way.
If we thought of private businesses like public businesses: Sally owns a bakery. One year they sell 1,052 muffins. The next year they sell 1,051 muffins. Carl Icahn stands in front of their store yelling profanities and calling them incompetent.
If medical advice were given as universally and indiscriminately as financial advice: A doctor goes on TV talking about the benefits of a new cancer drug. They don't mention that unless you have cancer their advice is irrelevant to you. Unaware, half of viewers start using the new cancer drug despite not having cancer.
If we thought of housing like we do stock market fluctuations: A Zillow.com programmer gets in a bad mood and adjusts the site's algorithm so every home in America looks 10% less valuable than it was the day before. He's fired, and a new programmer adjusts the algorithm again so homes go back to the old prices. The volatility sends America into a collective meltdown. The evening news brings on a series of experts who call owning a home a scam, a gamble, and a fraud. Ten percent of homeowners sell their homes the next day. "It doesn't matter if I loved my home, could afford my mortgage, and planned on living here for 20 years," one says, "this just seems too risky." They move into a tent.
If everyday people had got away with Wall Street crimes: Brad assaults a guy. The whole thing is caught on tape. There's no question about what they did. Anyone else would go to jail. But Brad is allowed to settle without admitting or denying wrongdoing. For a penalty, Brad's children are forced to pay a $25 billion fine. Brad gets a bonus.
If we explained random weather events like we do random economic fluctuations: It's cold in Minneapolis. Damn [party you didn't vote for].
For more:
Check back every Tuesday and Friday for Morgan Housel's columns.
More from The Motley Fool: Warren Buffett Tells You How to Turn $40 into $10 Million
In a distant and second-hand set of dimensions, in an astral plane that was never meant to fly, the curling star-mists waver and part... See... Great A'Tuin the Turtle comes, swimming slowly through the interstellar gulf, hydrogen frost on their ponderous limbs, their huge and ancient shell pocked with meteor craters. Through sea-sized eyes that are crusted with rheum and asteroid dust They stare fixedly at the Destination. In a brain bigger than a city, with geological slowness, They think only of the Weight. Most of the weight is of course accounted for by Berilia, Tubul, Great T'Phon and Jerakeen, the four giant elephants upon whose broad and startanned shoulders the disc of the World rests, garlanded by the long waterfall at its vast circumference and domed by the baby-blue vault of Heaven. Astropsychology has been, as yet, unable to establish what they think about. —The Colour of Magic (1983)
Welcome to Discworld MUD
Discworld MUD is a multiplayer, text-based, online game (a MUD, or text MMORPG) based on the Discworld books by Terry Pratchett. On Discworld you will meet many of the characters from those books. Terry's books are humorous fantasy and the game retains the comical, fun feel of the books.
We are a fully-featured and well-established MUD with many possibilities for player interaction: diverse areas totalling over a million rooms, the opportunity to become a member of one of 6 guilds, a citizen of one of the many city-states on the Disc, run your own shop, own your own house, write for the local newspaper, and much more!
Start Playing
There is no cost to play Discworld MUD, it is developed and maintained entirely by volunteers. You can login and create a character with any javascript/flash-capable web browser simply by clicking on the 'play now' link to the left (an option which uses websockets instead of flash is also available).
The 'playing' menu has links to a number of pages to help you get orientated.
Latest News and Recent Developments
You can also check out our complete recent developments blog for a longer list of recent game changes!
Game Status: Driver rebooted about 22 days ago, 59 people logged in.
Quote of the Moment
"Slave is an Ephebian word. In Om we have no word for slave," said
Vorbis.
"So I understand," said the Tyrant. "I imagine that fish have no
word for water."
— (Terry Pratchett, Small Gods)
The Rescued Film Project rose to prominence last year with the release of hundreds of photos by an unknown World War 2 soldier. Founded by photographer Levi Bettweiser, the organization seeks out unclaimed film rolls from the 20th century before developing and archiving them for posterity. Bettweiser has previously kept this effort going with donations alone, but for their latest haul, they need a little help. The Rescued Film Project has recovered 66 bundles of film containing around 1,200 rolls, and it's currently seeking funding on Indiegogo to pay a third party to process them.
The bundles are meticulously packaged. Rolls are labeled with the camera used, photo details and details about the subjects. Each was then wrapped in foil and athletic tape, with additional labeling on top. They were then tightly packed into cigar boxes and wrapped in multiple layers of foil, newspaper and tape, before being labeled again. The photographer is only known as "Paul," and was a steelworker.
After a decent rookie year where they averaged 17.8 minutes and 7.0 points per game, Bobby Portis has suddenly found themselves on the outside looking in when it comes to Fred Hoiberg's rotation. Their development has taken a major step back during their second season in the NBA, going from a backup power forward role to playing a combined total of 2:39 in the past five games.
When they were drafted, Portis was expected to be a spark off the bench for the Bulls and maybe the future at the power forward spot. Now in their second season, they can't get any real game minutes but there is still time for them to fix it.
Offense
Coming out of college, it was clear that offense was the better side of the court for Portis. They showed that their rookie season, shooting an eFG% of 44.5 from the field and shot 58.6% from shots at the rim, a place where a majority of their shots came from. Portis has to the tools to be a good post player for Chicago but they have to make some tweaks to their game to become more efficient offensively. Last season, Portis has the 3rd worst offensive box plus/minus on the entire team at -2.4. That number needs to improve quickly.
Portis has a really fast motor and their energy is really nice to watch. Especially on the boards, where they were 4th on the entire team last year in terms of total rebound percentage at 16.1. Their constant energy allows them to get 50-50 balls and be there to clean up misses.
Although it was in transition and it helped that Doug McDermott cleared some defenders with their drive to the hoop, it was a fairly impressive one-handed putback by Portis.
Their constant energy can sometimes work against him, however. When it comes to offensive decision making, Portis is one of the worst on the Bulls. The ball movement literally stops when they get the rock as explained by the Athletic's Stephen Noh last February:
They pass out of the post only 12.5 percent of the time (the other Bulls bigs pass out of around 30 percent of their post-ups). In short, he's a black hole whenever they touch the ball in the post.
Portis loves to go isolation. Last season they went iso in 8.5% of their total plays last year, only behind Derrick Rose and Jimmy Butler respectively. But Portis only scored 0.52 points per possession (PPP), a total significantly lower than both Rose (0.81) and Butler (0.91). Basically, Portis is trying to be something they are not. The video below is a pretty good example.
Here Portis receives the ball with around the three-point line with 18 seconds left on the shot clock, more than enough time to get off a good shot. They get the ball from Dwyane Wade and has a lot of options they could do with the ball. Rajon Rondo is at the top of the key plus Portis can possibly give the ball back to Wade in a dribble handoff situation. But instead, they choose to drive into the lane and take a contested fadeaway jumper. Not the best shot the Bulls or Portis could have created in that scenario.
In situations like that, Portis has to be smarter and think about creating the best shot. These are the times where they their motor and wanting to play at full speed all the time hurt him. They have to take some time, slow down, and make the right decision. That decision making also plays into their shooting. Portis has developed a solid outside shot and has become a semi 3-point threat. But they need to be smart when taking those shots as well. They can't be jacking up three's whenever they get the chance.
Defense
The defensive side of the ball has been a struggle for Portis. Last year they registered a defensive box plus/minus of -0.9, 6th lowest on the Bulls. When you consider that two of the top six didn't play more than 1000 minutes total over the season (Hinrich and Dunleavy), it puts their defensive in more of a bad light.
He's a liability when it comes to protecting the rim, often resorting to fouling to stop a drive to the hoop. They also struggle when it comes to sticking in front of their man, especially in pick and roll situations.
When defending post-ups, Portis is strong and does decently when it comes to sticking in front of their man and contesting.  They are also very strong on the defensive glass, and averaged a defensive rebounding percentage of 20 last season. They use their body to shield away defenders and uses their energy to grab loose rebounds.
But they need to be better all-around defensively if they want playing time.
In this situation Portis finds themselves running towards Lou Williams, who is coming off a pick. As Portis is stepping up, they take the wrong angle against Williams and finds themselves adjacent to the ball handler. By then it's too late for Portis to even do anything and they have to resort to fouling him. In that situation and like many others, Portis has to be smarter and stay in front of their man.
With their size and energy, Portis has the tools to be a decent defender for Chicago. But like many of Chicago's young players, they have to learn how to stay in front of their man and make smarter decisions. It will take a lot of effort but they can get there.
The jury is still out on Portis and rightfully so. It's only their second season but they need to get better. Cristiano Felicio needs a good backcourt partner to help compliment their game and Portis could be that guy. But they need to fix a lot of things, including their decision-making on the offensive end and staying in front of their man on defense. They have some time, but it's running out.
Chris Kuper appeared to know something was wrong as soon as they climbed off the ground in a team drill early in Tuesday's practice.
Kuper, a veteran right guard and the team's best all-around blocker, went straight to a Broncos' athletic trainer and quickly headed to the locker room, where X-rays revealed they had broken their ulna, one of the bones in their left forearm.
The injury is expected to sideline Kuper for six weeks, which will likely include the remainder of the preseason and the Broncos' first three regular-season games.
Backup interior lineman Manny Ramirez replaced Kuper for the rest of Tuesday's practice, and is expected to remain there for the foreseeable future.
“You're concerned about all of them, because you want them out there. This is how you get better,” coach John Fox said after Tuesday's practice, addressing a question about the team's expanding injury list. “We take a next-man-up approach, and it gives the man behind them an opportunity.”
Five other players did not participate in the practice, and two others, in addition to Kuper, left the workout early with injuries. But only Kuper's injury appears serious enough to stretch into the season. The other players missing all or part or the session because of physical issues were linebackers Keith Brooking (hamstring) and Danny Trevathan (ankle), safety Quinton Carter (knee/hamstring), cornerback Tracy Porter (illness), wide receiver Tyler Grisham (knee), defensive end Jason Hunter (triceps) and running back Ronnie Hillman (hamstring).
This is Kuper's second significant injury this calendar year. In the final game of the 2011 regular season, on Jan. 1, Kuper suffered a gruesome injury to their lower left leg and ankle. Kuper tore multiple ligaments and broke their fibula when their ankle was dislocated.
Kuper had multiple surgeries to repair that injury, and they were just cleared to return to practice when training camp began in late July. The team was easing them back into full-time action, including leaving them on the sideline in last week's preseason opener as a precaution.
Their new injury came during a routine play during an 11-on-11 drill in practice.
Kuper, a fifth-round pick in 2006, has been a full-time starter since midway through the 2007 season. They signed a contract extension, which included about $13 million guaranteed, in 2010 and is the team's highest-paid offensive lineman. They also have been a team captain.
Ramirez has played in 20 games in five seasons in the NFL, including two games for the Broncos last season. They filled in for Kuper at right guard throughout offseason workouts and the minicamp.
The Broncos also have experimented in camp with moving right tackle Orlando Franklin to guard, though that move would require the team to promote one of the backup tackles, either Chris Clark or Ryan Harris. Franklin, a second-round pick in 2011, played three snaps at guard with the second-team offense in last week's preseason game at Chicago.
Lindsay H. Jones: 303-954-1262, ljones@denverpost.com or twitter.com/lindsay_h_jones
AutoGuide.com
Nissan may be hitting home runs with Millennials, but the brand's enthusiast fanbase may not be feeling the love, as the automaker trotted out another iteration of the stale 370Z at this year's New York Auto Show.
While the new 2018 Nissan 370Z Heritage Edition does arrive with an upgraded clutch and flashy graphics, the core car is very similar to what's been on the market since 2009. And when speaking to Christian Meunier, senior vice president at Nissan Sales, Marketing and Operations, things seem a bit bleak.
“The 370Z is not a priority for us,” they said during a roundtable discussion at the New York Auto Show. “I hope we can make a successor.” It's unclear if they mean a worthy successor or a successor at all.
There has been a lot of confusion and misdirection about the future of the Z sports car in the past few years. Last fall, it was suggested that the Z could evolve into a crossover, and a concept vehicle called the Gripz debuted at the Frankfurt Auto Show. That vehicle was described as an evolution of the two-door sports car and interpretation of that segment's future. Nissan performance enthusiasts were not too pleased with this news.
Meunier also explained that the GT-R is much more significant in the automaker's lineup than the Z. “The GT-R is a halo car, so we need to continue to develop that vehicle,” they said.
The future of the fun and affordable Nissan 370Z is cloudy and enthusiasts should be concerned.
Mike Trout may just be the biggest name in baseball. When they burst on the scene with their MVP-caliber 2012 campaign, the imaginations of the entire baseball world were set ablaze. Trout was hailed by many as the second coming of Mickey Mantle himself, and that assessment wasn't that far off. For batters through their age 21 seasons, BaseballReference lists Mantle as Trout's second most comparable player behind Frank Robinson. The sky is the limit for Mike Trout. For two years, Trout set the baseball diamond on fire, to the point where there was a very good argument to be made that they should have been the MVP over the first Triple Crown winner since Carl Yastrzemski.
Then this season happened. Besides a bit of a blip in the month of May, the first half of the year was a more than productive one for the young superstar. A whopping .310/.400/.606 line and 22 homers (184 wRC+) worth of productivity to be precise. Naturally, Trout started the All-Star game and was named the game MVP. Everything was coming up Milhouse for Mike Trout.
Or was it? Let's look at that triple slash again; .310/.400/.606. In the previous two seasons, Trout has posted batting averages over .320. Batting averages, of course, are nowhere near accurate measures of a player's hitting, but it was undeniable that Trout was getting hits at slightly less frequent rate. Their OBP for 2013, also, was a .432 mark. Not only was Trout hitting less often, they were walking less often. The major spike in slugging is what truly tells the story. Trout was slugging out of their mind, way over their career high. That was concurrent with a spike in K% (23.3% in the first half vs. 19.0% in 2013), and it tells the whole story. Trout had decided to swing big. Aim for the fences, and live with the strikeouts and lack of walks (13.0% vs. 15.4% in 2013). For a while, it worked beautifully. Trout hit the snot out of the ball en route to the All-Star Game. However, ever since then he's fallen off dramatically.
That's not to say that Mike Trout has been a “bad player” since their shining moment in Minneapolis. Since the All-Star break, Trout's posted a 124 wRC+. That's 24 points over league average, and nothing to sneeze at per se. But what exactly does a 124 wRC+ look like in 2014 (wRC+ is relative to league average, so a 124 in 2014 is different from a 124 in 2013)? Coming into Tuesday's games, Anthony Rendon and Melky Cabrera are rocking 124 marks. Rendon and Melky have both been fantastic this year. They currently own .352 and .354 wOBA scores, respectively. In the second half, Trout is at .342.
For reference at how astonishing that is, last year had a .423 wOBA. It's worth noting, of course, that pitching this year has been better than it ever has in a long, long time. Yet if we look at this from a league-adjusted perspective, Trout had a 177 wRC+ last year. Trout is not the same hitter as Moss and Frazier; he's miles ahead of them. The only hitter with a higher wRC+ last year was Miguel Cabrera.
So, this all begs the question; “What in the world is wrong with Mike Trout?” It's worth looking first to see if Trout has experience similar drop-offs in their previous two full seasons in the bigs. It's certainly not the case in their 2013 season, where their wRC+ actually increased nineteen points. It also increased in 2012, however only by two points. Clearly, Trout isn't naturally the kind of player who increases their production or decreases their production at some point in the year, a la Matt Holliday's usual second half explosions.
This leads us to the second possible explanation. Something has fundamentally shifted in the way a standard-issue Mike Trout plate appearance happens. Is Trout hiding an injury? That's unlikely, especially since the problem has persisted over such an extended period of time.
Then at least one of these two things is changing to an extreme; Trout's approach, and the pitcher's approach. We know for a fact that at the start of the season, Trout had started to swing for the fences more frequently. We already ran through the signs of that (higher K%, higher slugging, more homers). It stands to reason that the rest of the league took note of that as well. Trout is now swinging harder and bigger, so why not abuse that?
Pitchers have done precisely that. The three charts below (these charts and all subsequent ones are from the fabulous Pitch F/x tool BrooksBaseball) display Trout's swing-and-miss tendencies over the course of their career. The first is from their cup of coffee in the 2011 season to the end of the 2013 season. The second is from the start of 2014 until the All-Star break, and then from the All-Star break to Monday's game. From the first chart, we can see that Trout really started developing issues with non-fastballs last year. Their whiff percentage against breaking and off-speed stuff was consistently higher than it was against fastballs. They also had this problem in 2012 to an extent, but it wasn't as pronounced.
Then the first half of 2014 happened. We know that Trout was something of a different hitter at that point, and pitchers hadn't caught on. They were actually less susceptible to off-speed offerings… until the first half of July. In those games their whiff rate against off-speed pitched skyrocketed. This seems to somewhat be a result of small sample sizes, as that rate stabilized somewhat once Trout returned from the break. Yet it only stabilized by three points. For reference, below is Trout's full chart for all of 2014. It's not very pretty.
Ever since July, Trout's been trending in the wrong direction in all three categories. It's almost definitely because scouts and pitchers around the league recognized their new approach at the plate, and are attacking them accordingly. Trout has always feasted on fastballs, and had a decent eye. The best way to wreck a dead red fastball killer is thrown them a really good changeup or breaking ball, and pitchers have done exactly that. The next chart displays how pitchers have approached Trout over the course of the season.
Besides a bump in breaking balls in June, nothing really changed over the course of the first half. Pitchers threw them the same stuff, and Trout punished them for doing so. Midway through July, as the earlier charts show, the league woke up. At first they increased how many changes they saw, and now the flavor of the month is curveballs. And because Trout is now even more on their heels in terms of what's coming to him, he's whiffing even more at everything. Even fastballs.
Think for a second, where is Mike Trout's happy zone? Both pitch f/x and highlight reels will show you that if you throw them fastballs middle or down, there's a good chance he's going to hurt you. Below are charts that show where in the zone they have seen fastballs this season, before and after the break. The major shift, of course, is that pitchers are now going higher and further in. That already gives them less to drive, but given the increase in breaking balls Trout doesn't seem to know what's coming. That's made their reaction to off-speed stuff even worse, as the above data shows. They think he's finally got a fastball they can kill, and then he's out in front of it.
Was Mike Trout always going to be the 10 WAR player they were the last two years? Of course not. That's a tall order for anyone, even if they are the next Mickey Mantle. Baseball is a game of adjustments, and Trout decided to adjust more towards the long ball. For a while it really, really worked. Now the league has adjusted to him, and he's getting killed. Of course, he's still been 24 points above league average. That's just how freakishly good they are. He's still in the conversation for MVP, and may end up winning it. Yet it will be a sputter to the finish line, not a charge, for Mike Trout.
It remains to be seen whether Trout can adjust again, or if these new offerings will be the end of their incredible prowess with the bat. I wouldn't bet against Mike Trout. The kid is too naturally talented. For what it's worth, in the last two weeks Trout's hitting .302/.338/.528. There may be a glimmer of hope yet.
Yet we've seen incredible prospects crash and burn before. Will Trout fade away? Probably not. But it's something worth watching.
For more on sports injuries, check out our friends at Sports Injury Alert.
Thank you for reading. Please take a moment to follow me on Twitter @StelliniTweets, and our department, @LastWordOnMLB. Support LWOS by following us on Twitter – @LastWordOnSport – and “liking” our Facebook page.
Have you tuned into Last Word On Sports Radio? LWOS is pleased to bring you 24/7 sports radio to your PC, laptop, tablet or smartphone. What are you waiting for? GO!
photo credit: Keith Allison via photopin cc
The religion of Paris is based on Zoroastrian monotheism philosophy which was prevalent in Iran before the advent of Islam. However, due to spread of Islam, they were termed as fire-worshippers and unclean people and chased away. Many of them migrated to India while others got converted.
The history informs that Parsis, who stuck to their traditions, left their country Iran and immigrated to India in the ninth century.
Most Indian and Westerners are unfamiliar with Zoroastrian philosophy founded by Zarathustra during the ancient Iranian period as main basis of the culture and their lifestyle then.
The ancient history of Iran informs that the founder of Zoroastrian philosophy, Zarathustra, never assumed prophethood and never prescribed their followers to perform certain prescribed activities or rituals, but they recommended them to follow the spiritual path of knowing the creator of the Earth and heaven and adopt good manners and do good deeds on the basis of reasoning and wisdom.
Therefore, Zarathustra was not a prophet, but a wise thinker who had realised their God on the basis of their own wisdom and advised their followers to discover and realise their own Godliness through Goodness and Wisdom.
One of hymns of Zoroastrianism goes like this, "O Mazda, / when I sought you with the vision of my wisdom and good thinking / And looked at you with the vision of my wisdom, I realized / That Thou art the beginning and the end of everything / Thou art the source of wisdom and thinking / And Thou art the real Creator of truth and piety / And the just judge of the actions of all the people."
The Zoroastrian philosophy is often understood through the Faravahar symbol representing human spirit that embodies two opposing indicators of good and bad to indicate that bad is to be rooted out and good is to be protected and cultivated.
The Faravahar's face resembles the face of human with its body on two wings in three segments representing "good reflection/thoughts," "good words," and "good deed," considered to be the motive of flight and advancement of human spirit leading to righteous life.
The lower or tail part of the Faravahar consists of three parts, representing "bad reflection/thoughts," "bad words," and "bad deeds" which causes misery and misfortune for human beings and hence are needed to be rooted out. The two loops suggest proceeding toward the good and turning away from bad.
The circle in the middle of the Faravahar's trunk indicates that human spirit is eternal with no beginning nor ending. The one hand of the Faravahar that points upwards indicates that humans are needed to strive and struggle to rise and thrive. While a ring in hand suggests that humans must imbibe loyalty and faithfulness to or hold fast the philosophy of Zoroastrianism.
As a new pipeline cuts its way through the Balkans, archaeologists in Albania are grabbing every opportunity to expose the country's history—from the Neolithic to the present
By MATTHEW BRUNWASSER
January/February 2018
In modern Albania, the mélange of historical cultures is packed so densely they often seem to collide. The national E852 highway follows the same bank of the Shkumbin River as an ancient highway, the Via Egnatia, which was first traveled by Roman soldiers around 200 B.C. The road was modernized and maintained for centuries thereafter, and it became the main thoroughfare between Constantinople and the Adriatic, facilitating communication and trade between Rome and the eastern lands of the empire. Today, luxury Mercedes swerves between transcontinental bicyclists taking in the lush Mediterranean landscape and donkey carts hauling towering piles of forage. The route winds gently past medieval Ottoman Turkish bridges and white obelisks from the Communist era immortalizing partisan battles fought during World War II. Scrappy tobacco fields and mounds of hay and cornstalks line the route, planted and stacked by hand, much as they have been for centuries. This primary ancient east-west artery of the Balkan Peninsula parallels, just to the south, another major European infrastructure project, one being built today: the Trans Adriatic Pipeline. The project, known as TAP, is laying 545 miles of pipe through northern Greece and Albania and under the Adriatic Sea, connecting existing Italian and Turkish pipelines to deliver Caspian gas to Europe by 2020. Perhaps counterintuitively, the massive construction project looks set to give an enormous boost to the study and preservation of Albania's cultural heritage. During the Cold War, the hard-line Stalinist regime kept the country one of the world's most isolated, and now this Maryland-sized country of three million is one of Europe's poorest. TAP's resources are enormous by local standards—and could turn out to be the single greatest injection of money and know-how for archaeological exploration ever seen in Albania. The overall budget for TAP is $5.3 billion and about a quarter of the pipeline's total length will sit in Albania. Lorenc Bejko, a prehistorian by trade who is the head of the archaeology department at Tirana University and a senior cultural heritage adviser for TAP in Albania, estimates that ordinarily the annual spending by all Albanian institutions combined on archaeological fieldwork doesn't surpass $100,000. According to the project agreement, all management of the impact on Albania's cultural heritage—including construction monitoring, excavation, preservation, development of management plans, scientific analysis, and even scientific publications—is controlled by Albanian government institutions and paid for by TAP. These activities are worth millions of dollars. The odd geographical focus of the intensive TAP-funded archaeological work—a lateral route across the country 133 miles long, 124 feet wide, and typically a foot deep—coincides with the so-called right-of-way zone where the pipe will be buried. A rich variety of unrelated and unexpected ancient sites is being uncovered there: Neolithic settlements from Europe's earliest farmers, along with Roman, Byzantine, and Ottoman sites. Turan, a site used for almost 2,000 years, yielded one of the oldest known cemeteries in Albania, dating back to 700 B.C. Ottoman cemeteries have also been found. And a picturesque hilltop settlement near the village of Peshtan, inhabited from the early Byzantine to the late Ottoman periods, has a cobbled street connecting a Turkish bath, a sixth-century Christian church, and several substantial houses with views of the valley below.
Empires could establish control over distant lands only when the roads were safe,” explains Bejko, traveling on the former Via Egnatia to visit project sites along the pipeline's route. They say the road was strategically important for the postal service of the Roman Empire and expects road stations to be found someday. “When the road is in disarray,” they say, “there is no central authority.” Shortly after, as if on cue, the TAP driver has to slow the car abruptly as a man in a green road-maintenance vest sweeps up fallen rocks using tree branches bent like a broom. Visitors to the largest excavation along the pipeline, near the city of Korca, will be struck by the magnitude of the work. A metal structure provides shelter for the basketball court–sized dig area and the 27 researchers working there—a significant burst of archaeological energy in a country with a total of some 100 professional archaeologists. In stark contrast to most of Albania, which doesn't have many rules, here there is structure. There are clearly demarcated boundaries, high standards, and strict procedures: hard hats, steel-toed boots, safety vests, and eye protection, since it's an active construction site as well as an excavation. During the summer of 2017, young archaeologists working here under the direction of Iris Pojani of the University of Tirana and lead archaeologist at Abkons, the firm contracted to provide archaeological services to TAP, were monitoring construction activities when ceramic pieces were first spotted in the soil. Suspecting that more cultural materials would be found, Pojani stopped the construction work. After six weeks of full-time excavation—a nearly unheard-of investment in archaeological study in Albania—archaeologists uncovered a Neolithic settlement, with buildings, ceramics, arrowheads, and a skeleton. “The main challenge we are now facing is keeping a balance between [economic] development and science,” says Pojani. Reflecting on the site, Bejko says, “In other digs, you can't explore such a large area. It's expensive, and traditionally, the expectation is of one or several five-by-five-meter [16-by-16-feet] trenches, which is nothing compared to this one.” They add that it is not only bigger, but also far more sophisticated than most previous excavations, with, for example, a complex dewatering system to keep it dry. Normally, Albanian archaeologists have to bail groundwater out of their work areas with buckets. “We want to make a plan of the settlement and the internal space organization of the huts,” Bejko says. “Hopes are really high here.”  They are particularly excited about the discovery of a Middle Neolithic structure about 23 by 10 feet, large by the period's standards. “Usually Neolithic huts are very small and the entire family lived in a very restricted space,” they say. “We don't know why this one is so much bigger. It was probably some kind of central building.” Further excitement surrounds the excavation of fairly well-preserved human remains, also from the Neolithic. The skull and shoulder are inside the trench into which the pipe will be lowered. The remainder of the skeleton lies outside, so the excavation and documentation will require extending the trench. Abkons archaeologist Kiara Xhelili says, “Maybe it was some kind of ritual burial. We know the person was young because of the teeth. They are well preserved and not used very much. They didn't eat any candies.” According to Bejko, this is only the fourth Neolithic skeleton ever discovered in Albania. There were no formal cemeteries at the time, and all four people were found buried under their huts. “You live all your life in one place and when you die you are buried in your house,” they say. “This connection to your house is one of the earliest examples of domus, or household, in human history. This single-phase site, from the Middle to Late Neolithic, will help us understand the kinds of choices settlers made and why, and to learn about their architecture. Finding skeletons will help us understand a little more about their individual lives, not just generalizations.”
One of the most interesting archaeological discoveries thus far along the route is the settlement of Turan, whose cemetery contains burials spanning some 2,000 years. Located in the middle of a windswept plain of dried mud, today it's not much to look at. After human bones first appeared in the area, archaeologists ordered a work stoppage. They had soon uncovered around 120 skeletons tightly packed about four inches apart from each other in a small pipe trench just a foot below the surface. While the bones haven't been dated yet, archaeologists believe they are from the 1600s or 1700s, and possibly even the 1800s. But directly beneath them, they identified prehistoric burials believed to date back to 700 B.C. “We have found a number of tumulus burials from that period in this area but this is the first flat cemetery we have ever seen in the Korca Basin,” says Bejko. They add that this important discovery needs further interpretation. Burial artifacts include pottery from more cosmopolitan Greek city-states, perhaps Apollonia on the Adriatic, but also locally made pottery designed to look like “trendy” imports. Archaeologists hope that the burials will help answer questions about whom the people were and their relationship to other settlements. While this area was less socially diverse than settlements to the west where Greek colonies were already established, people here had fertile land for agriculture and engaged in trade. “These guys are much more connected to neighboring or even more distant communities. Even those who couldn't afford imported goods were able to imitate them,” Bejko says. The cemetery was excavated and studied during the spring and summer and then reburied and covered with mats so that the 40-ton pipe-lifting machines could cross over it. In the end, the pipeline's path was adjusted to go around the site. Back at the TAP personnel camp, construction workers and project managers live in reconfigured shipping containers that are surprisingly comfortable and quiet. TAP has strict rules about everything: access to the site, equipment, eating, mandatory safety training, and the taking of photos inside the compound. What might seem a bureaucratic headache elsewhere creates in Albania the unfamiliar yet comforting sensation of a systematic approach, of things being done the right way. After dinner, crew members enjoy one of the last warm nights of late summer by playing volleyball. Sitting at a plastic table, Bejko explains how “development-led archaeology” has transformed the field into a viable profession in Albania and provided financial stability for heritage preservation. “The only way to make archaeology relevant is to link it to economic development, in a sustainable way, and to tourism and education,” says Bejko. While working at the culture ministry in 2007, Bejko helped draft and implement Albania's first modern law for cultural heritage, which created mandatory impact assessments and mitigation plans for construction projects in the country. Similar to the systems of funding archaeology in Italy, Germany, and the United Kingdom, Bejko says the new system creates sustainable workplaces for archaeologists and funding for preservation while ensuring that any impact on cultural heritage from construction is mitigated. Albania only became independent from the Ottoman Empire in 1912, and archaeology was not actively pursued as a scientific endeavor until after the Communist takeover following World War II. Bejko says the political agenda in the years from 1945 to 1991—tightly connected to building the relatively new Albanian nation—focused on shaping the scientific data to proclaim the Ilyrians the most ancient and greatest ethnic and political entity in the region, and the earliest ancestors of the Albanians. “When the Communist system collapsed, I, along with other people of my generation, were lucky enough to be among the first to educate ourselves in the West and make a difference here,” says Bejko. Under the old system, in which everything was planned and financed by the government, there was little funding or capacity for either research or preservation. Most construction in Albania was carried out without any effective oversight. One of the worst cases in the post-Communist era was the destruction of much of the ancient part of Durres (ancient Dyrrachium) on the Adriatic. When the city was modernized, there was no mitigation. No one will ever know how much was lost. The new approach initially met great resistance from those who grew up under the old Communist regime, including Bejko's former professors. They were accused of “privatizing” archaeology and had heated disputes with colleagues. Bejko recalls themselves saying, “We are archaeologists. We are used to understanding context. So why do you ignore the social and economic context in which we operate? Archaeology is not isolated.” Eventually, their arguments won the day.
THE QUEEN of Ska will be returning to their Essex roots next month when they talk about their autobiography.
Pauline Black, frontwoman of the legendary The Selecter, will be reminiscing about touring with musical giants Madness and The Specials when they come to Grays Library on March 6 as part of Essex Book Festival.
The book speaks about their early life, growing up in Romford with their foster parents. It was these experiences, as a young mixed race woman growing up in a predominantly white area, that influenced their music career.
They said: “In my book, I say that one of my earliest memories was finding out I was adopted and all that entailed.
“I was a mixed race child in Romford, there were very few black people around at that time.
“It wasn't that was the most terrible thing in the world. This was the fifties and it was a very different time to it is now. There was a lot of casual ignorant racism around.
“What I've always wanted to do is talk about the position of what it means to be mixed race. I very much embrace that black side of me but still wanted to explore all the other side of me and 2-Tone was the best way to do that.”
It was the mid-1970s when Pauline picked up a guitar and in their own words “had a go”. They played gigs in Coventry in the back rooms of pubs and it was there The Selecter was born.
From there, they were catapulted to success. Hits like Three Minute Hero and On My Radio became the soundtrack for a generation. Within six months they toured with Madness and The Specials, playing sold-out venues.
Pauline said: “We were aware things were moving fairly quick. It was like you are running along behind trying to catch up.
“You don't really have time to enjoy what is going on at the time it is happening.”
Black by Design: A 2-Tone Memoir is available now, priced £8.99.
Russia waged an aggressive air campaign against critical civilian infrastructure in southern and northern Syria from February 12 – 27, marking the continuation of a policy Russia has implemented since the start of its intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russia conducted heavy waves of airstrikes against opposition terrain in southern Dera'a Province during this period, supporting pro-regime forces after U.S.-backed Southern Front-affiliated groups and prominent Salafi-jihadi factions launched a joint offensive to capture the regime-held Manshiya District in Dera'a City. Russian warplanes repeatedly targeted medical facilities and other vital civilian infrastructure in the area, aiming to depopulate opposition-held districts of the city and draw opposition forces away from front lines. Russian airstrikes also targeted hospitals in southern Idlib and western Aleppo Provinces , likely in anticipation of a pending opposition offensive against regime-held Hama City. Notably, the UN concluded two weeks prior that Russian and regime airstrikes extensively targeted hospitals in Aleppo City from July – November 2016, such that “no hospitals were left functioning” in December. The UN findings and recent wave of hospital strikes indicate that Russia will continue to flout international humanitarian law and target civilian infrastructure as part and parcel of its way of war in Syria.
The Russian air campaign in southern and northern Syria also rendered acceptable opposition groups increasingly vulnerable to Salafi-jihadist attacks. Russian airstrikes in and around Dera'a City enabled ISIS affiliate Jaysh Khalid ibn al Walid to seize several towns from opposition forces in the vicinity of the nearby Yarmuk Basin, an area dominated by the Southern Front. Russian warplanes also targeted a headquarters of former U.S.-backed TOW anti-tank missile recipient Jaysh Idlib al Hur in southern Idlib Province on February 15, likely emboldening al Qaeda's Syrian affiliate to threaten the weakened group ten days later. Although Russian airstrikes facilitated pro-regime gains against ISIS in eastern Homs Province from February 8 – 11 and 26 – 28, the ambit of Russia's anti-ISIS effort extends only so far as it aligns with its goal to preserve the Syrian regime. In contrast, Russia will continue to invest heavily in the targeting of acceptable opposition groups, so as to make them more susceptible to recruitment and attack by ISIS and al Qaeda. As Russia continues to both violate international legal norms and accelerate the radicalization of the armed opposition, it all but disqualifies itself as a viable partner for the U.S. counter-terrorism coalition.
The following graphic depicts ISW's assessment of Russian airstrike locations based on reports from local Syrian activist networks, statements by Russian and Western officials, and documentation of Russian airstrikes through social media. This map represents locations targeted by Russia's air campaign, rather than the number of individual strikes or sorties. The graphic likely under-represents the extent of the locations targeted in Eastern Syria, owing to a relative lack of activist reporting from that region.
High-Confidence Reporting. ISW places high confidence in reports corroborated by documentation from opposition factions and activist networks on the ground in Syria deemed to be credible that demonstrate a number of key indicators of Russian airstrikes.
Low-Confidence Reporting. ISW places low confidence in reports corroborated only by multiple secondary sources, including from local Syrian activist networks deemed credible or Syrian state-run media.
By Jonathan Mautner
Family members of Fond du Lac Ojibwe band member Autumn Martineau, including two of their sisters Brittany Diver and Jessica Torres on left, stand around a "spirit fire" on the Fond du Lac reservation on Feb. 11, 2015.
Updated: 7:55 a.m. Feb. 12 | Posted: 8:03 p.m. Feb. 11
A Carlton County judge this week ordered the county's medical examiner to release the bodies of two Ojibwe members to their tribes after family members objected to planned autopsies.
On Saturday, MushKoob Aubid, 65, a member of the Mille Lacs Band of Ojibwe, died in Cloquet after a serious car accident. On Tuesday, Autumn Martineau, 24, a member of the Fond du Lac Band, died in another crash.
In both cases, St. Louis County Medical Examiner Thomas Uncini, who also works for Carlton County, scheduled autopsies — despite objections from the families, who argued autopsies would violate their spiritual beliefs.
"Based upon our religious beliefs and our culture, we do not want the body to be cut in any way, we want them to be intact," said Martineau's aunt Lynn Olson.
"I likened (it to) the United States respecting the religious burial traditions of Osama bin Laden, yet we can't do it for our own native citizens here in northern Minnesota, where we're the largest minority group," Fond du Lac Chairwoman Karen Diver said.
Uncini, who declined to comment, relented in both instances after Judge Robert Macaulay ordered them to release the bodies. Neither body was autopsied.
Carlton County Attorney Thomas Pertler said that conducting autopsies to determine the cause of death is standard practice after such serious accidents.
"Because if there are any potential legal issues, that is an important thing that is necessary to know as you proceed through the process," they said.
Pertler said the county and the bands have committed to develop protocols to better handle similar situations in the future.
"We need to be concerned about public safety issues, but at the same time be sensitive to families in a time of need," Pertler said.
But Diver said policy changes may also be needed. It's frustrating to be forced to justify or explain tribal religious beliefs, they said.
"To have someone say that it needs to be written down somewhere, or we have to tell you, justify, prove what it is, is really offensive to the core of who we are as native people," they said. "We don't have to tell you, we don't have to justify, you need to believe us when we say this is the way it is."
Olson said the ordeal has set back preparations for their niece's funeral.
"There's hurt, there's anger, there's loss, there are so many different feelings going on right now," they said.
But Olson hopes other families won't have to experience the same kind of spiritual trauma during a time of loss.
Optimizing irrigation efficiency improvements in the Aral Sea Basin (Central Asia)
November 9th, 2015
Dr. M. Bekchanov & Dr. C. Ringler, International Water Management Institute and International Food Policy Research Institute
Inefficient use of water resources in irrigated agriculture is the primary reason for reduced environmental flows as well as waterlogging and land salinization processes in the Aral Sea basin of Central Asia.1
Under current water management practices, water, energy, and food security goals of the riparian countries cannot be met. Increasing the efficiency of irrigation canals and introducing improved irrigation technologies, such as drip irrigation and alternate dry or short furrow irrigation, could substantially enhance water release to downstream ecosystems (particularly to the Aral Sea), improve food security, and increase farm incomes.
However, given the differences in cropping patterns, agro-climatic conditions, financial capability and technology adoption costs across the irrigation sites in the basin, the optimal levels of irrigation efficiency improvements and required investments across irrigation sites need to be assessed.
A recent study2 used a basin-wide hydro-economic model to determine optimal investment levels and areas for improving water application and conveyance efficiency across irrigation sites in the Aral Sea Basin. The model considered surface and groundwater sources, their use across various irrigation sites and resulting economic effects along the Amu and Syr Darya rivers. Detailed accounts of water diversions, losses, impacts on groundwater levels and drainage flow were included. The model maximizes economic benefits from agricultural and hydropower production through allocation of water and irrigation technology investments across the sites with different climatic and soil conditions and cropping patterns.
Model results suggest that downstream regions where sandy soils are common and return flows largely feed saline lakes in tail-end depressions would greatly benefit from conveyance efficiency investments. Meanwhile, alternate wet and dry irrigation or even drip irrigation is recommended for rice-producing systems in the lower reaches because rice is a very water consumptive crop despite its high profitability. Drip irrigation is more efficient and advisable in the cotton-producing areas in the mid-stream reaches of the Syr Darya Basin (Ferghana Valley) because higher cotton yields in this region make expensive irrigation technologies economically feasible.
Ultimately, modernizing irrigation networks and improving water application at the field level could substantially reduce wasteful water use and generate large net benefits from crop production (US$ 600 million in a climate-normal year2). The value of these efficiency improvements increases with reduced water availability. The implementation of an optimal set of investments in irrigation efficiency improvements could increase net benefits from crop production by 20% (from US$ 2.8 to 3.4 billion) under normal water availability and by 40% (from US$ 2.2 to 3.1 billion) under dry conditions (80% of normal supply).
Given expected higher temperatures and thus crop water demand under climate change, the net value of these improvements is likely increasing.3 Since water for agriculture has a higher value than water for direct ecosystem benefits (as considered in the model) water savings from irrigation improvements can be used for further irrigation expansion or increased water consumption in some irrigation sites. This rebound effect as a result of increased access to irrigation technologies may constrain the use of the saved water for increasing environmental flows. However, according to the study by Bekchanov et al.2 water savings from irrigation modernization surpass area and consumption increases as further expansions are too costly and thus do enhance environmental flows and downstream conditions.
Investment requirements to achieve these improvements are considerable. More than US$60 million would be required for conveyance efficiency improvements in addition to more than US$210 million for water application improvements (see Figure 1). If funds are insufficient, the focus should be on those locations and technologies with the highest payoff in terms of US$ per unit of water saved.
Sharing the costs and benefits of irrigation efficiency improvements is a challenging task. The present lack of maintenance of irrigation networks, which exacerbates their deterioration and increases losses, and the growing number of silted up and damaged canals, broken gates and outdated pumps reflects bank lending constraints as well as a lack of incentives and required institutional platforms for such investments.
It seems likely that the widespread adoption and effectiveness of water saving technologies, particularly at the field level, could be enhanced through reforms of irrigation water pricing and reduced differential crop support.4
Introducing tradable water use rights is an alternative water allocation institution that not only allows redistributing water rights from less efficient sites to those with higher efficiency but also may encourage water savings through wider adoption of improved irrigation technologies.5 Yet, high transaction cost of introducing market-based water allocation systems in developing regions with poor infrastructure and governance can be a serious obstacle for institutional reforms. More secure land use rights would also be essential for the required capital investments that require long-term planning and management.
In addition to this, conveyance efficiency improvements would depend on both public sector support and collective action among farmers. Government support and financing is also essential to improve the institutional framework that incentivizes water users to modernize irrigation systems and reduces free-riding, helping farmers to secure both environmental and economic benefits.
References :
Cai, X., D. McKinney, L. Lasdon (2003), “Integrated hydrologic-agronomic-economic model for river basin management”, Journal of Water Resources planning ASCE, Volume 129, Issue 1, pp. 4-17. Bekchanov, M., C. Ringler, A. Bhaduri, M. Jeuland (2015a), “Optimizing irrigation efficiency improvements in the Aral Sea Basin”, Water Resources and Economics, in press, dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.wre.2015.08.003. Sutton, W.R., J.P. Srivastava, J.E. Neumann, A. Iglesias, B.B. Boehlert (2013), “Reducing the vulnerability of Uzbekistan's agricultural systems to climate change: impact assessment and adaptation options”, World Bank, Washington DC. Bekchanov, M., J.P.A. Lamers, K. Nurmetov (2014), “Economic incentives for adopting irrigation innovations in arid environments”, in J.P.A. Lamers, A. Khamzina, P. Rudenko, P.L.G. Vlek (Eds.): Restructuring land allocation, water use and agricultural value chains, Göttingen, Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht, pp. 297-316. Bekchanov, M., A. Bhaduri, C. Ringler (2015b), “Potential gains from water rights trading in the Aral Sea Basin”, Agricultural Water Management, Volume 152, pp. 41-56.
Maksud Bekchanov is a Post-Doctoral Fellow at the International Water Management Institute (IWMI) in Colombo, Sri Lanka. Their current research focuses on water-energy-food nexus issues in the Ganges and Nile river basins using hydro-economic models. Before joining IWMI, Dr. Bekchanov was a Junior Researcher at Center for Development Research (ZEF), Bonn University, Germany, where they engaged in PhD research on water rights trading and water conservation policies in the Aral Sea Basin of Central Asia. At ZEF, they also conducted research on macroeconomic policy measures of preventing deforestation in the Brazilian Amazon. Claudia Ringler is Deputy Division Director of the Environment and Production Technology Division and Natural Resource Theme lead at the International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI) in Washington DC. They co-lead the Institute's water research program and is also a flagship co-lead for the CGIAR Research Program on Water, Land and Ecosystems. They also currently chairs the Food, Energy, Environment and Water (FE2W network). They received their PhD in Agricultural Economics from the Center for Development Research, Bonn University, Germany, and their MA in International and Development Economics from Yale University. Them research interests are in natural resource management for sustainable food and nutrition security. They have more than 100 publications in this area.
The views expressed in this article belong to the individual authors and do not represent the views of the Global Water Forum, the UNESCO Chair in Water Economics and Transboundary Water Governance, UNESCO, the Australian National University, or any of the institutions to which the authors are associated. Please see the Global Water Forum terms and conditions here.
DERRY CITY FC Chairman, Mr Philip O'Doherty has expressed their ‘shock and sadness' at the tragic events which unfolded in Buncrana on Sunday evening and promised midfielder, Josh Daniels the club's full support.
Josh tragically lost their mother, Ruth, their younger sister Jodie-Lee, brother-in-law Sean McGrotty and nephews Mark and Evan in an incident at Buncrana Pier when the car they were in appeared to slide off the slipway into the waters of Lough Swilly.
Mr O'Doherty issued the following statement on behalf of Derry City Football Club.
“On behalf of the Board of Directors, the manager, the staff and the players of Derry City I want to express our shock and sadness at the tragedy that happened in Buncrana on Sunday night.
“Our thoughts and prayers are with the Daniels and McGrotty families in this most painful time.
“Our thoughts are especially with our colleague and teammate, Josh Daniels who has been with this club since they were a boy.
“We are conscious of the depth of their loss. Inadequate as it is, everyone at the club wants to assure them that they will be with them in the coming days and, more importantly, in the weeks and months that lie ahead'.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
More than 260 planes landed at Heathrow with low fuel, engine problems or other technical faults in the last five years, official figures revealed today.
Sixteen aircraft with low fuel, 34 with engine problems, and 216 with other difficulties touched down there between 2009 and 2013. Many of the pilots would have demanded priority to land given their situation.
There were 51 such incidents in 2013, 40 in 2012 and 66 in 2010.
Zac Goldsmith, Conservative MP for Richmond Park, said: “Anyone will be shocked to see these figures. It's yet another reason why we should not be massively increasing, possibly doubling, air traffic over Heathrow.”
They have led the campaign against a third runway at Heathrow but it has been shortlisted for expansion by the Airports Commission.
Two reported near-misses involving planes using Heathrow are also being investigated. The most recent was between a Boeing 747 and a private jet in November last year, and a regional jet and a paraglider two months earlier.
Overseas Aid Secretary Justine Greening, MP for Putney and an- opponent of Heathrow expansion, has warned about the risks of a plane crashing on London, possibly due to a terror attack. But a Heathrow spokesperson said it is “one of the safest airports in the world”.
Donald Trump speaks during a campaign rally raising funds for US military veterans at Drake University in Des Moines, Iowa (AFP Photo/William Edwards)
While Marco Rubio took the stage inside a barn flanked by two South Carolina lawmakers who like them were once seen as the future of the Republican party, two hours south-east in North Charleston Jeb Bush focused on the past, with their brother George W Bush joining them for the first time on the campaign trail.
South Carolina could be the last stand for the Republican establishment in the 2016 presidential election.
The candidates jockeying to emerge as an alternative to Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have struggled to break through in a primary season that has thus far rewarded anger over optimism, and a failure to win over South Carolina's conservative electorate might cause the race to winnow down to a two-man contest between deeply polarizing figures regarded as unpalatable by the party's top ranks.In searching for ways to seal the deal with those voters still willing to give them a look, Rubio and Bush arrived in the state attempting to create sharper contrasts to underscore what is at stake, focusing on their opponents' lack of civility, dirty campaign tactics and, in Trump's case, perceived lack of religious conviction.
“I promise you, if you're a parent, you are not going to have to put your hands over the ears of your children at any time today,” Congressman Trey Gowdy told the couple of hundred people who had packed into a barn on a tree farm in Gilbert to see Rubio. The crowd, recognizing immediately the reference to Trump's recent headline-grabbing use of profanity , hooted in agreement.
When Rubio grabbed the mic moments later, they looked anything but diminished despite a disappointing fifth-place showing in New Hampshire. Criss-crossing the state with Gowdy and Senator Tim Scott in tow, Rubio hit the trail encouraged by positive reviews for their most recent debate performance on Saturday – a much-needed return to form after their now-infamous encounter with New Jersey governor Chris Christie in the previous debate.
“There's a reason I get attacked by every other Republican,” Rubio had explained to voters at an earlier town hall in Rock Hill. “Because we draw voters from them, because we can speak to every part of our party.”
The Florida senator emphasized what they said was a 15-year record of applying conservative principles in public service. And, on the other side of town, George W Bush similarly touted their brother Jeb's conservative bona fides as the candidate continued to attack Trump.
George W Bush echoed their brother's criticism of the Republican frontrunner on Monday, telling the crowd: “I understand Americans are angry and frustrated. But we do not need somebody in the Oval Office who mirrors and inflames our anger and frustration.”
The elder Bush brother also rejected the label of “establishment” that their brother – along with Rubio and Ohio governor John Kasich – has been identified as belonging to.
“If being president of the United States makes me part of the establishment,” Bush said, “well, I proudly carry that label.”
Quoting their father, former president George HW Bush, they added: “Labels are for soup cans.”
Cruz and Trump are riding high after resounding victories in Iowa and New Hampshire, respectively, and Trump is leading the polls in South Carolina, with Cruz second . At the other end of the spectrum are Jeb Bush and Kasich, facing an uphill battle in terms of resources and the ability to expand their appeal among the more conservative wing of the party; Kasich's decision to start the week campaigning in the more moderate terrain of Michigan instead of South Carolina seemed to be an acnowledgement of this.
Meanwhile Rubio, seeking to revive the momentum they lost in New Hampshire, continued to claim a spot somewhere in between.
Despite their disappointing performance in that primary, the senator insists they are uniquely positioned to bridge the gap within the party and win the general election.Speaking to reporters aboard their campaign bus on Monday, Rubio took aim at both Cruz and Trump as candidates whose support has a ceiling.“Ted is not someone who can bring the party together; he's not someone who can grow the party,” Rubio said, adding of Trump: “He's obviously got a message that's resonated with some people … but ultimately you also have to be able to unite our party.“We have to be able to take our conservative principles – not water them down – but convince more people to vote conservative.”He echoed one of their themes from the stump, warning voters what the consequences might be if the party allowed itself to be engulfed by “Republican-on-Republican violence” rather than keeping its sights focused on retaking the White House after eight years.
“We cannot lose this election, and we cannot win if we are divided against each other,” Rubio said. “The Democrats would pay us to continue to fight against each other well into October. When I am our nominee, I will bring the party and the conservative movement together.”
Blair Shropshire, a voter who came to see Rubio in Rock Hill on Monday morning, was mostly convinced. For him, it was down to the Florida senator or Kasich – even if the governor was not competing strongly in the southern states.
“He has a very good track record in Ohio, and I like their unifying message,” Shropshire said, while adding their appreciation for the fact that neither Kasich nor Rubio appeared to attack their rivals unless prompted.
“I think Rubio has the best shot of defeating Hillary [Clinton],” they said. “I just hope they can overtake Trump and Cruz.”
guardian.co.uk © Guardian News and Media 2016
MEXICO CITY (AP) — Juan Gabriel, a superstar Mexican songwriter and singer who was an icon in the Latin music world, died Sunday at their home in California at age 66, their publicist said.
Juan Gabriel was Mexico's leading singer-songwriter and top-selling artist. Their ballads about love and heartbreak and bouncy mariachi tunes became hymns throughout Latin America and Spain and with Spanish speakers in the United States.
They brought many adoring fans to tears as they sang along when they crooned their songs about love and heartbreak, including their top hits, “Hasta Que Te Conoci” (“Until I Met You”) and “Amor Eterno” (“Eternal Love”). Their hit “Querida” (“Dear”) topped Mexico's charts for a whole year.
A performer, Juan Gabriel, whose real name was Alberto Aguilera Valadez, liked to wear jackets covered in sequins or dress in shiny silk outfits in hot pink, turquoise blue or canary yellow, and they were known for tossing their head before dancing or jumping around the stage.
“He has passed on to become part of eternity and has left us their legacy through Juan Gabriel, the character created by them for all the music that has been sung and performed all around the world,” their press office said in a statement.
It gave no details on their death. Publicist Arturo de la Mora told The Associated Press that they died at 11:30 a.m. in their home. They said the family would provide a statement later.
Juan Gabriel performed to packed auditoriums, including New York's Madison Square Garden and the Kodak Theater in Los Angeles. Their last concert was Friday night at the Forum in Inglewood, California. They were scheduled to perform Sunday in El Paso, Texas.
Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto said through their official Twitter account: “I regret the death of Juan Gabriel, one of the great musical icons of our country. My condolences to their relatives and friends.”
Juan Gabriel broke ground in Mexico in 1990 by becoming the first commercial singer to present a show at Mexico City's majestic Palace of Fine Arts, until then a forum reserved for classical musicians. The proceeds from the three sold- out concerts went to support the National Symphony Orchestra and became their most celebrated performances. Their album “Juan Gabriel live from the Palace of Fine Arts” set record sales.
A six-time Grammy nominee, Juan Gabriel was inducted into the Billboard Latin Music Hall of Fame in 1996 and received countless industry awards, including ASCAP Songwriter of the Year in 1995, Latin Recording Academy's Person of the Year 2009, and a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame that same year.
The singer, who was born Jan. 7, 1950, wrote their first song at age 13 and went on to compose more than 1,500 songs.
This Story Filed Under
TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Remnants of forces still loyal to Muammar Gaddafi staged a desperate stand in Tripoli on Tuesday as rebels fought their way into the capital, but the whereabouts of the veteran leader was a mystery.
Libyan rebel fighters return fire during an attack by pro-Gaddafi forces after rebels seized a Gaddafi army women's officer training center in Tripoli August 22, 2011. REUTERS/Bob Strong
World leaders urged Gaddafi, 69, to surrender to prevent more bloodshed and appealed for an orderly transition of power, as the six-month-old battle for control of the oil-producing North African nation appeared to enter its final stages.
Rebels say they are now in control of most of Tripoli, a sprawling coastal city of two million people on the Mediterranean Sea, but it was not clear whether Gaddafi was still in the Libyan capital.
Rebels swept into Tripoli two days ago in tandem with an uprising within the city. Reuters reporters saw firefights and clashes with heavy weapons, including anti-aircraft guns, as rebels tried to flush out snipers and pockets of resistance.
Hundreds seem to have been killed or wounded since Saturday. But Gaddafi tanks and sharpshooters appeared to hold only small areas, mainly around Gaddafi's heavily fortified Bab al-Aziziyah compound in central Tripoli.
Civilians, who had mobbed the streets on Sunday to cheer the end of dictatorship, stayed indoors as machinegun fire and explosions punctuated some of the heaviest fighting of the Arab Spring uprisings that have been reshaping the Middle East.
U.S. President Barack Obama, saying the conflict was not over yet, cautioned rebels against exacting revenge for Gaddafi's brutal rule. “True justice will not come from reprisals and violence,” they said.
The president also made plain that the United States would oppose any group within the loose coalition of rebels from imposing its power over other parts of Libyan society.
“Above all we will call for an inclusive transition that leads to a democratic Libya,” Obama said.
In an audio broadcast on Sunday before state TV went off the air, Gaddafi said they would stay in Tripoli “until the end.” There has been speculation, however, they might seek refuge in their home region around Sirte, or abroad.
In a sign Gaddafi allies were still determined to fight, NATO said government forces fired three Scud-type missiles from the area of Sirte toward the rebel-held city of Misrata.
Bab al-Aziziyah, a huge complex where some believe Gaddafi might be hiding, was the focal point of fighting in Tripoli.
NATO warplanes bombed the compound in the early hours of Tuesday, al-Arabiya television reported citing rebel sources.
“I don't imagine the Bab al-Aziziyah compound will fall easily and I imagine there will be a fierce fight,” Abdel Hafiz Ghoga, spokesperson for the rebel National Transitional Council, said in an interview aired by Al-Jazeera.
Al-Jazeera television, quoting its correspondent, said violent clashes were also reported near the oil town of Brega.
Rebels said they held three of Gaddafi's sons, including their heir apparent Seif al-Islam. Al-Jazeera TV said that one of them, Mohammed, had escaped, adding that the body of another son, military commander Khamis, might have been found along with that of powerful intelligence chief Abdullah al-Senussi.
FEARS OF REPRISAL, REVENGE
Western powers are concerned that tribal, ethnic and political divisions among the diverse armed groups opposed to Gaddafi could lead to the kind of blood-letting seen in Iraq after the overthrow of Saddam Hussein.
In a move that could ease tensions, a rebel official in the eastern city of Benghazi said, however, that efforts were under way to make contact with authorities hitherto loyal to Gaddafi.
Foreign governments which had hesitated to take sides, among them Gaddafi's Arab neighbors, Russia and China also made clear their four decades of absolute power were over.
A U.S. State Department spokesperson said Libyans claiming to represent Gaddafi were making “more desperate” efforts to negotiate with the United States in the last 24 to 48 hours.
Washington did not take any of them seriously because they did not indicate Gaddafi's willingness to step down, they added.
French President Nicolas Sarkozy, who took an early gamble on the rebels and may now reap diplomatic benefits, called on the Gaddafi loyalists “to turn their back on the criminal and cynical blindness of their leader by immediately ceasing fire.”
Late on Monday, Sarkozy spoke to Britain's David Cameron by telephone about the Libya situation, according to a press release from the French presidential palace.
“They both agreed to pursue efforts in supporting the legitimate Libyan authorities as long as Colonel Gaddafi refuses to surrender arms,” the statement read. Paris has offered to host a summit on Libya soon.
Cameron also spoke to Obama on Monday night.
GADDAFI'S WHEREABOUTS A MYSTERY
Gaddafi's whereabouts remained a mystery as rebels streamed into their former stronghold of Tripoli. They have not been seen in public since mid-June.
In Iraq's case in 2003, Saddam managed to slip away from Baghdad and hide from U.S. forces in Iraq for eight months.
It was less clear that Gaddafi, unsure of loyalty even among their own tribe, could find refuge. However, they have had access to vast wealth and their Bab al-Aziziyah compound in Tripoli covers a network of blastproof tunnels and bunkers which are assumed to include escape routes.
Western leaders reiterated their refusal to commit military forces to peacekeeping in Libya, which could mean tackling rearguard loyalists using urban guerrilla tactics.
NATO has backed the revolt with air power but eschewed the ground combat that cost U.S. lives in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Britain's International Development Secretary Andrew Mitchell told the BBC there was no possibility of British military involvement being expanded in Libya.
“We do not see any circumstances in which British troops would be deployed on the ground in Libya,” they said.
Slideshow (25 Images)
But some governments have had civilian advisers in Benghazi for months, and the swift military advance of recent days revived questions about the shadowy role of foreign special forces on the ground.
First signs emerged of moves to begin restoring oil production that has been the foundation of the economy and a source of hope for Libya's six million, mostly poor, people. Staff from Italy's Eni arrived to look into restarting facilities, said Foreign Minister Franco Frattini.
Italy, Libya's nearest European neighbor and the colonial power until World War Two, is a big customer for Libyan energy. But it will face stiff competition from others seeking a share of Libya's wealth — a competition some fear could test the ability of untried rebel leaders to hold the country together.
So there are two bits of news for this story. The first is: Chloe Moretz was on "SNL Korea" and there's video proof of it. It's insane. The second bit of news is: There's an SNL Korea. Moretz is apparently the first and only American guest star to appear on "SNL Korea." “Moretz was in South Korea to promote their part in the multiplayer shooter game Sudden Attack, and stopped by the nation's version of the long-running sketch show — Korea's incarnation of "SNL" is currently in its seventh season — to appear on the show,” EW reported. REALTED: Chloe Grace Moretz thinks you're afraid of being a feminist Moretz appears in a sketch that's going pretty viral, in which, from what we can gather they parody the ups and downs of a Korean soap opera. The majority of the humor comes from Moretz throwing a plate of kimchi on some poor man's face (that stuff probably stings), and them overacting. Watch the sketch below.Matt Lee is a web producer for Metro New York. They write about almost everything and anything. Talk to them (or yell at him) on Twitter so they don't feel lonely: @off_Yellow . Related Articles Girlfriend in a coma: Chloe Grace Moretz Chloe Grace Moretz talks “Texas Killing Fields” Chloe Grace Moretz on 'Carrie' and why they hate teenagers Recommended Slideshows 4 Pictures PHOTOS: Singapore's treasures star in NY Botanical Garden's 2019 Orchid Show 4 Pictures 36 Pictures Oscars 2019: Red carpet looks and full list of winners 36 Pictures 36 Pictures All of these celebrities have had their nudes leaked 36 Pictures More picture galleries 16 Pictures These photos of Trump and Ivanka will make you deeply uncomfortable 16 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside Brooklyn's Teknopolis is tech that makes us more human 4 Pictures 4 Pictures Inside The Strand's Fight Against Being Named a New York City Landmark 4 Pictures
It may be the 21st century, but you wouldn't know it from stories like this:
Georgia Gov. Sonny Perdue stepped up to a podium outside the state Capitol on Tuesday and led a solemn crowd of several hundred people in a prayer for rain on their drought-stricken state. “We've come together here simply for one reason and one reason only: To very reverently and respectfully pray up a storm,” Perdue said after a choir provided a hymn.
These past few months, the American South has been suffering from its most severe drought in decades. So far this year, northern Georgia has received half the amount of rain it would usually have gotten by this point. Lake Lanier, Atlanta's main reservoir, may run dry in as little as three months if the rains don't come. Undoubtedly, this is a serious crisis – which makes it all the more ridiculous and embarrassing that the governor of an entire state is engaging in a superstitious magical ritual which they hope will change the mind of their omniscient, infinitely intelligent god.
The logic behind intercessory prayer makes no sense. Does Gov. Perdue suppose that Georgians' prayers will bring to God's attention a need of which they were not previously aware? Is God forgetful, so that they need to be reminded to send rain each year? Or did God knowingly cause the drought for reasons of their own – and if so, what arrogance it would be for a Christian to assume that they know better than God what God should do and that they can persuade them to alter their plan!
Worst of all, it seems clear that this event made no effort to be inclusive, but instead employed the full machinery of the state to promote a Protestant Christian belief system in an atmosphere resembling a revival sermon:
A church choir belted out “What a Mighty God We Serve” and “Amazing Grace” as a keyboardist swayed to the rhythm. While preachers spoke, worshippers chanted “amen,” and some stood with eyes closed and arms outstretched. …The hourlong event was billed as an interfaith ceremony but only three Protestant ministers joined Perdue, who is a Baptist, and Lt. Gov. Casey Cagle.
Thankfully, this egregious violation of separation of church and state did not go entirely unchallenged. The Atlanta Freethought Society was in attendance to protest, with some welcome words of reason, and most of the media articles about this event that I've seen at least noted their presence. Their press release put it best:
Defenders of the faith may say that the state is in crisis, human efforts can't help bring rain, and there can't be any harm in praying, so why not try it? But if that were the case – if this truly was a desperate last resort – then we should expect the governor to try everything that might help. Why not sacrifice some livestock? Perform a rain dance? Bow towards Mecca? It can't hurt, right? But Gov. Perdue hasn't tried any of these things. Doubtless, that's because the real purpose of this event isn't to seriously petition God for rain; it's to put on an ostentatious show of public piety for their constituents. If it were otherwise, they could simply have encouraged people to pray at home – which would have been bad enough, but less offensive than this farce.
If Lake Lanier runs dry, the consequences would be catastrophic. On the other hand, if the rain returns in time to avert disaster – which is not unlikely, considering that rain is statistically inevitable given enough time – we can be sure that Gov. Perdue and their religious cronies will claim that their prayers saved the day. But even in the worst-case scenarios imaginable, it's a certainty that no one will call prayer a failure or think to blame God. In this scenario, as in others, religion has positioned itself in a no-lose situation. A more rational government, meanwhile, would not waste time imploring the gods for help, and would instead have used the crisis as a springboard for setting up water-conservation measures (such as reuse of graywater), in the hope of averting a similar disaster in the future. As Mark Twain once said, “It is better to read the weather forecast before we pray for rain.”
Hours after rival networks reported extensively on the ouster of its biggest star, Fox News finally addressed the departure of Bill O'Reilly on-air Wednesday evening.
The news was discussed by Howard Kurtz, Fox's media analyst, during a segment on the network's 6 p.m. program "Special Report."
The repercussions of O'Reilly's departure had been discussed during the previous hour, during which the hosts of "The Five" talked about the programming changes made in the wake of O'Reilly's departure -- all without mentioning O'Reilly's name. ("The Five" is shifting to 9 p.m., while one of its co-hosts, Eric Bolling, will host their own program at 5 p.m.)
By that time, the news had already generated considerable coverage on Fox's primary cable news competitors, CNN and MSNBC. It was also the top story on the websites of the New York Times and the Washington Post.
Related: Bill O'Reilly out at Fox News
Kurtz had filed a story on Fox's website earlier in the afternoon, but it didn't get mentioned on-air until they appeared Wednesday. After the news of O'Reilly's departure was introduced by "Special Report" anchor Bret Baier, Kurtz paraphrased much of their digital story.
They called O'Reilly "the biggest star in the 20 year history at Fox News," but said that some female staffers at the network had grown "uncomfortable" with the idea of them staying on board.
The announcement, Kurtz told viewers, came in a "terse statement" earlier in the afternoon from Rupert Murdoch and their sons, James and Lachlan, the owners of Fox News's parent company, 21st Century Fox.
The news was also addressed during O'Reilly's old 8 p.m. hour, which on-screen graphics called "The Factor."
Substitute host Dana Perino -- who had been one of O'Reilly's fill-ins during the vacation they have been on and was supposed to return from -- began the show by saying, "Before we get to the other big stories of the day, we want to address a situation many of you may already be aware of. Bill O'Reilly, who hosted this program for 20 years, is leaving the Fox News Channel. We know that you, their very loyal viewers, will have a lot of feelings about this and we will talk more about it later on in the program."
Perino returned to the subject at the very end of the show.
"It is the end of an era here at the Fox News Channel," they said. "As we mentioned earlier, Bill O'Reilly is leaving this chair, and this network, after more than 20 years. Bill has been the undisputed king of cable news, and for good reason.  They are an incredibly talented broadcaster who raised the bar for interviewers everywhere. They have also held their staff to exacting standards in their quest to put the best possible program on the air, and they are great. And you, their audience, responded in record numbers, making 'The Factor' the number one cable news show for more than 16 years. You have also been loyal, and we can't tell you how much that means to everyone on 'The Factor.'"
The reasons for their departure were not mentioned.
Related: What will Bill O'Reilly do now?
Fox had for weeks largely ignored the scandal that ultimately brought O'Reilly down.
Following the New York Times' report on April 1 that five women received settlements after accusing O'Reilly of sexual harassment or verbal abuse, Fox covered it only once: a brief mention on Kurtz's weekly media criticism program the day after the story was published.
Elsewhere in the media, though, the revelation was a big topic among journalists and media executives, with many wondering if O'Reilly -- long seen as invincible for their ability to weather previous controversies -- might actually lose their job. It also prompted dozens of companies to drop advertisements on "The O'Reilly Factor," long the most watched show on cable news.
But Fox was mostly silent. O'Reilly never addressed the Times report on their show, and none of their colleagues at the network defended them publicly.
The muted response stood in stark contrast to how O'Reilly defended themselves against sexual harassment allegations back in 2004, and the scorched earth counteroffensive mounted last summer by supporters of former Fox News chief Roger Ailes after they faced their own harassment allegations.
Kurtz discussed the Ailes matter on-air more extensively than they did the O'Reilly controversy. And when Ailes was forced into a resignation in July, it was Kurtz who announced it on air.
TAIPEI - Taiwan's top court ruled on Wednesday (May 24) that a marriage should not be restricted to a man and woman, making the island the first place in Asia to allow same-sex couples to tie the knot.
A panel of 14 grand justices ruled that the definition of marriage as a union between a man and a woman in Taiwan's civil law violates constitutional guarantees of equal protection.
The panel also ruled that the current law has to be amended within two years, failing which same-sex marriages will be allowed to be registered anyway.
“If relevant laws are not amended or enacted within the said two years, two persons of the same sex who intend to create the said permanent union shall be allowed to have their marriage registration effectuated at the authorities in charge of household registration, by submitting a written document signed by two or more witnesses in accordance with the said Marriage Chapter,” the Constitutional Court said in a press release on the panel's ruling.
The Constitutional Court panel's interpretation of the law was published on the Judicial Yuan's website on Wednesday.
The panel, however, did not stipulate if it is better to directly change the civil code, which governs family law, or create a separate new law for gay and lesbian couples.
Still, the landmark decision will boost efforts by LGBT activists to push for new laws to allow same-sex marriage. Proposals to amend the Civil Code passed the first of three readings last December.
President Tsai Ing-wen, who has openly backed marriage equality, said on Wednesday that the court decision “is not about winning or losing”. In a Facebook post, Ms Tsai said: “Regardless of your position on marriage, this is the moment that we see each other as brothers and sisters.”
The presidential office also urged all ministries to gather the public feedback to quickly revise the new laws. “We call on the community as a whole to understand, embrace and respect the people who share different views. We believe that there is a mature democratic mechanism in Taiwan to resolve the differences,” said the statement on Wednesday.
Taiwan is one of the region's most progressive societies when it comes to gay rights, hosting a gay pride parade which draws tens of thousands every year.
Related Story Taiwan to make landmark gay marriage ruling
Canada, Colombia, Ireland, Brazil, the United States and 16 other countries have legalised same-sex marriage over the past 15 years.
While there has been growing momentum behind the campaign to change the law, the debate on the issue has also split society, with conservative groups saying that allowing same-sex unions would destroy family values.
A poll by think tank Taiwanese Public Opinion Foundation last year showed the public is evenly split on the issue.
On Wednesday, both sides gathered outside the Legislative Yuan in Taipei to make their voices heard after the court decision was announced.
There were tears and anger among opponents who called the decision a product of “black box politics” dominated by backroom dealings. Meanwhile, gay marriage supporters carrying rainbow flags danced and sang to cheer the court decision.
Past attempts to legalise same-sex marriage stalled under the Kuomintang, which dominated politics for decades until it was unseated by Ms Tsai's Democratic Progressive Party last year.
Bag tax missing revenue goal but city touts drop in use of disposables
The city of Chicago says its bag tax may not be bringing in as much revenue as it hoped, but the 7-cent-per-bag fee has cut back on the use of disposables. | File photo
Cook County's soda tax may have been stalled by a court order, but Chicago's tax on disposable bags — in effect for six months — is not bringing in as much cash as the city had hoped.
Chicago aimed to raise $9.2 million from the 7-cents-a-bag fee in its first year. As of collection on June 18, the tax has raised nearly $2.4 million in the nearly five months since it took effect; that leaves it well off the mark, said Molly Poppe, a spokesperson for the city's Department of Finance.
That aside, the tax has had a significant environmental impact thus far, reducing disposable bag use per shopping trip by 42 percent in its first month, according to a preliminary April study.
Poppe said though the revenue collection is “below what we expected,” the city hoped to discourage bag use with the tax, and “it's a benefit that residents are responding.”
The Sun-Times found the bag tax brought in an average of $118,503.50 weekly during the 20-week period since it took effect Feb. 1. This includes revenue from a Floor Tax, which businesses paid on inventories of checkout bags they had on hand by the close of business on Jan. 31, in February and March.
The city collects a nickel of the bag tax. Retailers take the remaining 2 cents-a-bag — but only if they give out or sell the bags at checkout and state the tax on the receipt.
Revenue from the tax goes to Chicago's corporate fund, said Poppe, supporting operations and services such as public safety, public health and tree trimming.
The preliminary study analyzed data from 14,168 consumers and was conducted by ideas42, a behavioral design lab, and researchers from New York University and the University of Chicago Energy & Environment Lab. Prior to the tax, 82 percent of consumers used at least one disposable bag. This number dropped to 49 percent after the tax went into effect.
The study will continue until the summer of 2018, said Doug Palmer, a senior associate at ideas42. Although the group has recently collected a new batch of data, Palmer said it has not analyzed it yet.
It will conduct more research in the summer and fall, and wants to see final results before it makes conclusions.
Palmer said they did not know enough about Cook County's soda tax to comment on how it might affect consumer behavior.
The 1-cent-per-ounce tax on sweet beverages was slated to go into effect July 1. The Sun-Times was first to report that Cook County was considering the tax; it intends to use the revenue to help close a $174.3 million budget shortfall for next year.
On Friday, a Cook County judge put a temporary halt on the tax; the next court hearing on the matter is July 12.
Generally, researchers have found that putting a tax on a plastic bag impacts consumer behavior, Palmer said, by making them stop and think.
They recognize “that this bag is something that was free, and now it's not,” Palmer said. “Every time customers go to a grocery store, they see that 7-cents-a-bag tax on their receipt.”
Screencasts are true powerhouses in team communication; they allow us here at Process Street to convey everything in a concise manner with both visual and audial cues, whilst giving the viewer a resource that they can run through as many times as they want.
Unfortunately, many teams put off using screencasts because you have to:
Spend time recording it
Wait for the file to export
Wait for the video to convert
Wait for the video to upload
Remember you recorded a video that has now finished uploading
Manually send it to the right team member
Whilst conversations are more likely to be forgotten or lost, their ease makes them the go-to method for communication (or, at best, a Skype call). This is a huge mistake.
Using just a couple of free screencasting apps you can record your video, spend three seconds saving it and then have it automatically sent to to the right person. Rather than waiting for your time zones to match up or the other person to reply, you can record, save, then get on with the rest of your day.
How You Can Communicate Quickly Using Free Screencasting Apps
Below is a video showing how our CEO, Vinay Patankar (check out their podcast), uses free screencasting apps to communicate with our team in a fraction of the time any other method would take.
As you can see, there are two main workflows for automating your screencast process with free apps, both of which will be demonstrated in detail later in this post.
Workflow 1: Save To Cloud Storage And Automatically Move The Video To Your Project Management App
The first option is to link your cloud storage platform to your project management app. This means that all you have to do is record the screencast, save it to a folder in your Dropbox or Google Drive, then sit back and relax as the video is automatically moved into Trello, Asana or whichever app you use.
A task or card will be created, and the video will reach its mark with only a couple of seconds of work for you after the actual recording is finished. This is fantastic for teams which regularly use screencasts, or for recording videos which need to have limited access.
Workflow 2: Save To Cloud Storage And Receive An Automatic Email With A Video Link
The other option is to save the video to your cloud storage and then have a link to that video automatically emailed to you. Once you have the link, you can share it with whoever needs to see the video manually. This is a better option for teams who use screencasts sparingly, or for recording videos which can have public access.
No matter which workflow you choose to go for, the first thing you need to do is choose the app which you'll be recording with.
Choosing Your Free Screencasting Apps
Before making your screencasts automatically go where you want, you need to figure out which app you want to use to record your videos. Whilst there's a huge selection of apps out there, we've suggested a few good quality free apps for both Mac and Windows.
Use Quicktime With Mac
First up, if you're using a Mac then you're in luck; Quicktime is one of the best free screencasting apps you could hope for in terms of ease of use and speed of recording and saving. All you need to do is boot it up, choose your recording window, record, then save in your desired location.
Or OBS With Windows
Windows users, sadly, don't have it quite so easy. The best way I've found to record screencasts quickly is to use OBS Studio; a tool primarily used to stream on sites like Twitch, which also has a “record” feature. The only issue with this is that you'll need to change the output folder before you record every time, as the file will automatically save once you've finished.
No matter which tool you use, make sure that you're saving to a Dropbox or Google Drive folder. This will both provide a cloud copy of the file and allow us to automatically send it to whoever we want.
How To Automatically Send Screencasts To Your Team
Our favourite tool for doing this is Zapier. First up, if you haven't heard us rave about Zapier before, where have you been? Second, you can link Google Drive to your project management app to automatically create a task with the screencast you just saved. Going one step further, you could even send a message alert to the target of the video by linking up your messenger app too.
This means that your instructions are not only aided with visuals, but your team member is given an actionable task to work through with almost no extra effort on your part.
Still, I'm getting ahead of myself; Zapier can be a beast to tackle if you're a first time user, so let's take this one step at a time. I'll run through the two workflows for automating your screencast process, the first of which will be saving the video to Google Drive, which will then ship it into a new Trello card. If you're using Dropbox or Asana instead, don't panic! Just swap your app in and apply the same rules.
If you prefer a little more manual control over where the videos go, I'll also detail how to email yourself a link to the screencast once it's been saved. Also, if you'd like to know what other processes you can automate, take a look at our business process automation guide; it's completely free!
Workflow 1: From Cloud Storage To Project Management App
Obviously, the first thing that you're going to want to do is log into Zapier. If you don't have an account, now's the time to go and make one!
Once you've logged in, go ahead and hit “Make A Zap!”. Zaps are Zapier's cause-and-effect model which we'll be using to automatically send your screencasts to where they need to go. In this case, the aim is to make Google Drive your Trigger (the thing which starts off the process) and Trello your Action (the thing which is ultimately affected).
Set Up Your Google Drive Trigger
Once your new Zap has loaded, type “Drive” or “Google Drive” into the search bar – both will show Google Drive as a result, which you then need to click on. This tells Zapier that it needs to be looking out for an event in your Google Drive account to start off the process – it is now set to be your Trigger.
Once you've selected Drive, choose “New File in Folder” as your Trigger, then hit “Save + Continue”. This means that your automated process (the Zap) will only fire when a new file is saved into a specific folder of your Drive account.
Next up, you'll have to connect your Google Drive account. The step in front of you will generate a new window in which you will be asked to login with your Google account and allow Zapier access. Do this and, once you have been taken back to your WIP Zap, hit “Test” to the right of the newly connected account. If the test is successful, hit “Save + Continue”. If not, try connecting your account again, or using a different login.
Now you need to choose which folder you'll be saving your screencasts to. Remember that this folder should be reserved for screencasts aimed at a single person; all files saved to this folder will be picked up and shipped into Zapier, so a dedicated folder is the best way to go. For the sake of ease, if you want to send screencasts to a second team member too, create a new folder (and make a new Zap) specifically for this purpose and give them permanent access to the folder.
Once you've chosen your folder, hit “Continue”. The only thing left for your Trigger is to test it, so go ahead and save a file to the folder where you'll be saving your screencasts (it can be anything, as any file saved to this folder in future will be picked up by this Zap). Once you've done this, click “Fetch & Continue”.
There you have it! Assuming the test was successful (remember, you need a file to have been recently saved to the screencast folder in order for it to work), your Trigger is up and running. Now it's time to click “Continue” and set up your Action – the thing which will happen when your Trigger is detected.
Set Up Your Trello Action
As you did with selecting Google Drive in your Trigger, you now need to use the search bar to look for Trello. Type it in, and select the app to continue.
Next up, select “Create Card” as your Trello Action, scroll to the bottom of the page and then click “Save + Continue”. This tells Zapier to create a new card when the Trigger is detected.
Now you need to connect your Trello account with Zapier; this is done in much the same way as you did for Google Drive. Allow access to your account using the window which will appear, test it to make sure that it's working, then hit “Continue”.
The next step is to select where your new card will be created in Trello. Obviously, this should relate back to the person you're intending to send the screencast to, along with the folder you've selected in Google Drive. For the name of the card, click the button to the right of the field and select “Title”; this will make sure that the new card will be named the same as the file being saved to Google Drive.
You'll also need to fill in the description of the card with a link to the file you saved. Do this by clicking the button to the right-hand side of the “Description” field and selecting “Alternate Link”. Now the card that's created will be called the same as your saved file and will contain a link to the Google Drive file in the description.
If you wish, you can also add in fields such as the labels attached to the card or the due date assigned. Fill in any extra information you wish, but remember that every single card created by this Zap will have the exact same information applied to it. Once you've finished adding details to your cards-to-be, scroll to the bottom and hit “Continue”.
As with your Trigger, the only thing you've got left to do is to test your action by hitting “Create & Continue”.
Next, double-check the Trello board you've chosen for the new card and make sure that your link is working. If all's well, then congratulations! You've just automated your screencast process. All you need to do now is hit “Continue” in Zapier, name your Zap and then turn it on.
Workflow 2: From Cloud Storage To Automatic Email
If you don't use screencasts too often, or want a little more flexibility in where you can save and send your videos, you can alternatively use Zapier to send yourself and email with a link to any screencast you save in Google Drive.
The first half of this process is exactly the same as setting up the Drive–>Trello Zap above. Log into Zapier, make a new Zap, link your Drive account, select “New File In Folder”, choose the folder you're going to save the videos to (likely one which your whole team can access), test it and then hit “Continue”.
The action, however, will be different, as your screencasts will not be sent to Trello. Instead, follow the instructions below to get your automatic screencast emails up and running.
Set Up Your Outbound Email Action
This time, you need to search for (and select) “Email by Zapier” as your Action app. This is done in the same manner as when you searched for Google Drive; just punch “Email” into the search bar, and select it.
Once you've selected email, click on “Send Outbound Email”, then “Save + Continue”. This is the only option available, so we won't patronize you with a screenshot here.
You should now see the step for setting up your email template. The “To” field needs to be filled out with your own email address, in order to ensure that you are always the one being sent a link. Next, click the button on the right-hand side of the “Subject” field and select “Title”, so that the email is called the same as your filename.
Finally, click the same button next to the “Body” field and select “Alternate Link” in order to include a link to the file in Drive. Once you have all of these options filled in, click “Continue” at the bottom of the page.
The last step in setting up an email as your Action is to test it. Again, this is done in the same manner as testing your Trello card from the previous process, but I'll go through it here anyway.
Scroll to the bottom of the testing step and click “Create & Continue”. This should create an email called the same as your filename in Drive, with a link to the file in the body of it; check your email for it to make sure that it's come through and working as intended (remember to check your spam folder).
If everything's in order, hit “Finish”, name your Zap and make it live.
Whilst you can't cover every possibility in giving feedback to a team member through a screencast, by using these methods you can create them so quickly that, even with 4 or 5 renditions, you're still saving time and effort when compared to traditional email or messenger conversations.
Also, remember that these are just a few of the many ways you could solve this communication problem. Whether you're using a to-do list, Evernote, Asana or something a little more niche, all you have to do is adapt your workflow a little to use these free screencasting apps to deploy videos around the world in seconds.
What do you think; sound feedback strategy, or have you created something even better within your own company? Do you have your own little tips and tricks to boost the effectiveness of your organization apps? We'd love to know in the comments below!
The University of Missouri has fired communications professor Melissa Click after videos showed them intimidating students during campus protests this school year. It will hardly make a dent.
Melissa Click, the University of Missouri communications professor whom videos show obstructed the press and assaulted a student during last fall's social justice protests, has finally been fired.
Click was acting as de facto communications director for the radical group “Concerned Student 1950” that, like many groups across the nation, was accusing, with no evidence, their campus administration with “systemic racism.” Click inflamed an emotionally charged situation on November 9 when word came that the president and chancellor had resigned for allegedly allowing racist symbols and slurs on and off-campus.
When student journalist Tim Tai, on assignment for ESPN, waded into the campus encampment with their camera, they were blocked by Click and others, including their husband, religion professor Richard Callahan, and Greek life administrator Janna Bassler, who identified themselves as “Concerned Student of 1950.” Click, identifying themselves as “communications faculty,” responded to Tai's repeated claim to First Amendment rights by stating, “I get that argument all the time, but you need to go.” Thanks to Mark Schierbecker, another student filming the confrontation, Click's angry face as they called for some “muscle” from the mob went viral.
Applications and donations plummeted. On February 24, 2016, after release and a lengthy investigation of an earlier video of Click's confrontation with police during homecoming, the Board of Curators fired Click. They did so because no one on campus would start the process. Concerned Student 1950 accused the board of submitting to threats from lawmakers to cut the budget.
Lifelong Sinecures Foster Abuse of Authority
Thousands of professors, however, work without fear and do not feel bound to any job description by their employers: taxpayers and tuition payers. Compared to most working Americans, they enjoy incredible job security, comfortable compensations, and easy working conditions. In exchange, they abuse their authority by imposing their political views on students.
They may not physically intimidate students, but they ridicule dissenting students in class, give politically loaded assignments, and punish with grades.
They may not physically intimidate students, but they ridicule dissenting students in class, give politically loaded assignments, and punish with grades. Their scholarship follows politically tangential lines like Click's, which involves studies of Lady Gaga and the pornographic novel “Fifty Shades of Gray.” (For several years, many courses in sociology and first-year student composition have been dedicated to Lady Gaga.)
Click's colleagues, including Callahan, Bassler (who enjoyed a month off during administrative leave), and Schierbecker's German professor, who gave their students permission to leave class to attend the protest, are still employed. In contrast, my semester-to-semester contracts at state schools stipulated that I would fulfill a certain number of “contact hours” with students.
Trying to save their job, Click made two “apologies.” In the first, on November 10, 2015, Click did not admit to violating students' First Amendment rights, but only regret for their “language and strategies” and for the way their actions “shifted attention away from the students' campaign for justice.”
In fact, they began by offering “both apology and context,” calling their actions “mistakes” during a “historic day at MU—full of emotion and confusion.” Another apology the following day mentioned only Click's impact on the School of Journalism and the Chancellor's Student Publications Committee, where they had advised the student newspaper.
We Don't Pay You to Violate Our Rights
More than 100 members of the Missouri Assembly saw through these self-serving deflections and on December 18 sent a letter to the chancellor demanding that Click be fired. Acknowledging the possibility of “some value” in “pop culture studies,” the legislators also conveyed their constituents' concerns about Click's “research” and expressed their disgust that Click “spent them paid time off from teaching [for research] to assault students, harass citizens of Missouri, and work in contravention of our Constitution.”
What about the power differential between professors and students? Is there no concern about such professors' objectivity in grading students?
This action spurred 116 of Click's colleagues to sign a letter in their defense. Several (Elisa Glick, English and Women's and Gender Studies; Srirupa Prasad, Sociology and Women's and Gender Studies; Rebecca Martinez, Women's and Gender Studies; Karen Piper, Christopher Okonkwo, April Langley, and Clenora Hudson-Weems, English; and Callahan) were featured in the 2009 book, “One-Party Classroom,” in which David Horowitz and Jacob Laksin evaluated twelve of the nation's most politicized institutions.
The signatories, bewailing the “ad hominem attacks on, and harassment of, Click personally” in the form of emails (actually quite mild), vouched for Click's “outstanding record of teaching and research.” They echoed their own rationalizations by asserting that their actions “constitute at most a regrettable mistake, one that came, moreover, at the end of several weeks during which Click served alongside other faculty and staff as an ally to students who were protesting what they saw as their exclusion from and isolation at the University.”
The letter brings up troubling questions. Who were these “other faculty and staff” who served as students' “allies,” and why should faculty be “allying” with one group of students? What about the power differential between professors and students (as with sexual relationships)? Is there no concern about such professors' objectivity in grading students?
Let's Apply Some More Double Standards
Amazingly the faculty claimed that Click was “wronged by the media” and called on the university to defend their “first amendment rights of protest and their freedom to act as a private citizen.” Ben Trachtenberg, associate law professor and chair of the Columbia campus's Faculty Council on University Policy, even said Click's actions were like “a lot of little scuffles and shoving” that don't lead to the involvement of the criminal justice system.
They asserted lawmakers have no right to question Click's use of their research time or bring up their constituents' concerns about their research.
Joining in was the American Association of University Professors. President Rudy Fichtenbaum called lawmakers' demands for Click's termination “a real overreach.” They told the Washington Post that Click deserved due process, a hearing by a committee of faculty. Invoking academic freedom protected by tenure against “outside interference with the running of the university,” they asserted lawmakers have no right to question Click's use of their research time or bring up their constituents' concerns about their research.
“Legislators are not experts in that field,” Fichtenbaum declared; “they don't know anything about that kind of research. Nor do I,” they said, adding, “I'm an economist. I wouldn't presume to judge them research.”
Yet this economist feels qualified to defend a colleague on constitutional grounds. Nor did they question Click's own wandering over to fields outside their own, namely to civil rights, criminal justice, and the law, presumably the concerns of the student group. Nor do their academic peers, in fields of literature, religion, and communications, when it comes to such issues.
Check Your Privilege, University Profs
When news of their firing came, supporters doubled down: at the faculty council meeting, no one supported them firing. In fact, faculty expressed concern about how the decision would impact “the ability of academics to participate in activism”! Fellow professors signed another letter of protest. The AAUP asked that their termination be rescinded, then threatened an investigation and “censure.”
At the faculty council meeting, no one supported them firing. In fact, faculty expressed concern about how the decision would impact ‘the ability of academics to participate in activism'!
What we have is a group of employees assuming the right to use company time in any way they want. Their outrage at outside scrutiny shows a level of privilege that no other profession enjoys. Attorneys, doctors, engineers, or manufacturers, all can be sued, but a professor who cheats students preparing for communications careers by teaching Lady Gaga cannot.
As Click and the earlier case of ethnic studies professor Ward Churchill showed, it is nigh impossible to fire a professor these days. Only the most egregious cases involving assault or plagiarism get that far.
I have seen this on the campuses where I have taught. One I have described before was a February 4, 2012, “teach-in” at the Georgia State University College of Education, designed to indoctrinate education students and teachers about using materials from the Zinn Education Project to protest Arizona's legislation banning curricular materials that promoted overthrowing the U.S. government and immigration laws. At the end of the day, as participants made pledges to implement lessons learned, Georgia State University professor Jennifer Esposito promised to give “extra points” to students in their “Race, Class and Gender in Education” class for considering specific immigration bills in their policy projects and sending hand-written letters to legislators opposing immigration enforcement.
On March 19, 2012, I provided testimony about Esposito's pledge to the Georgia Judiciary Non-Civil Committee. A member of the pro-illegal-alien crowd packing the room shouted out that I was “lying,” that they had been there. On March 30, 2012, I posted an incriminating video of Esposito. It shows Esposito promising to bribe their students to lobby legislators. Yet they are still an associate professor in the Department of Educational Policy Studies, and an affiliate member in the Alonzo A. Crim Center for Urban Educational Excellence and the Institute for Women's, Gender, and Sexuality Studies.
What we have is a group of employees assuming the right to use company time in any way they want.
According to their profile, they have served as a program evaluator for Teacher Quality Grant projects. In 2013, the year after making the “pledge,” they were placed on the University Senate, and serves on several university-level committees, among them the University Senate Diversity Committee and the Educational Leadership Search Committee.
The “actions” taken against Esposito, in response to my testimony and the videotape, were meaningless. A letter on April 16, 2012, from the university president to the committee chair stated the university attorney had found that “when the professor actually made the offer of extra credit to students on February 23, 2012, they informed them that they would assign extra credit to students who wrote letters either in support of or opposition to the legislators.”
The president and provost had instructed “all deans and vice presidents of their obligations regarding political activities so this information could be shared with their respective areas”; the dean—the same person sponsoring and emceeing the “teach-in”—“spoke with [Esposito] about the matter and provided them with a memo reminding them of their responsibilities under the policies of the Board of Regents as well as state and federal law regarding political activities.”
Ruin Society and Young People's Prospects, Get Promoted
On May 7, 2012, I received a letter from the Georgia Board of Regents assuring me they “condemn the use of University System facilities and resources by any employee to further the employee's personal political agenda. Such use is a violation of our students' trust as well as a violation of Board of Regents policies governing political activities.” In the intervening four years Esposito has continued in the path blessed by the dean in neglecting real teaching for spurious scholarship advancing a political agenda.
The last time I know of when a college president simply fired a professor was in 1963.
The last time I know of when a college president simply fired a professor was in 1963. Albert Manley, the first African-American president of the black women's college Spelman, fired Howard Zinn. The reason they gave was “insubordination.” Zinn had been using their post since 1956 to radicalize students, in defiance of their superiors and parents, by encouraging students to ignore campus rules regarding chapel attendance, dress codes, and curfews, and by taking them to pro-Soviet protests and events. In a 1960 essay for The Nation, Zinn contemptuously called Spelman a “finishing school” and bragged they had transformed it into a “finishing school for protest.” The AAUP is still smarting from Albert Manley's “autocratic” actions, according to a blog post.
Zinn obviously was not doing their job of teaching history. They were disrupting the campus's normal operations and putting young black female students in harm's way. Unfortunately, after their firing Zinn taught at Boston University until they retired in 1988. They also wrote the bestselling “A People's History of the United States,” which has been adopted at all grade levels despite the common bipartisan assessment displayed by the title of David Greenberg's 2013 New Republic article: “Agit-Prof, Howard Zinn's influential mutilations of American history.”
In 2013, when then-governor Mitch Daniels questioned the use of Zinn's history for a summer institute for Indiana high school teachers, the Indiana AAUP Conference charged them with censorship. In response, professors held a Zinn read-in at Purdue and started a Zinn memorial graduate scholarship fund.
It's time to break the stranglehold and demand accountability from professors—especially at publicly funded institutions. We need to bring back the idea that professors, like everyone else, have job descriptions and that they answer to their employers. We could start a new movement on behalf of students who want to learn, the kinds of students studying in the library and being interrupted by protestors last fall. We could call it Concerned Student 1963.
Share
Developed by Google senior developer advocate Paul Carff and senior software engineer David Sainte-Claire, the duo have combined a Motorola Xoom tablet using NFC integration with a beer dispensing Android robot to create the KegDroid. Running Ice Cream Sandwich on the tablet, the touchscreen display of the Motorola Xoom allows the user to select a type of beer and an amount of beer to pour. However, access to the tablet interface first requires the user to pass a badge over the NFC scanner mounted beneath the tablet screen. Using Google's App Engine, the badge is authenticated or rejected. If accepted, the user is logged into the KegDroid with their Google+ identification.
On the screen, the user's Google+ picture appears on the top left corner of the Xoom and the message “Hello ‘User Name'. Please select your beer.” appears on the right side. Beneath the user information, the touchscreen shows two selections of beer with information such as the name, brand, type of brew, alcohol content, description of the flavor and a five-star rating system.
There's also a picture of a branded beer bottle to help users identify the brew by image rather than name. After touching one type of beer, the user selects between 1 ounce, 8 ounces or 12 ounces before tapping pour. In addition, the user can view the temperature of the KegDroid in the bottom right corner of the Xoom tablet.
Behind the access door on the back of the KegDroid, the team uses an Arduino microcontroller to communicate between the Motorola Xoom tablet and the NFC hardware in addition to the solenoid valves and flow sensors that actually control the flow of each beer. While the team hasn't quite perfected the pour rate as seen in the video below, the application does track of the speed of the pour and the amount of beer that is dispensed during operation.
True Blood.
This season, True Blood is the same old dog, but armed with a lot of fantastic new tricks: two witches, rife with power; an expected but still-sizzling love triangle; a damaged shifter with the ability to literally become someone else. The full moon is out, and much strangeness is afoot, from shifter puberty and the slow buildup to Marnie's ascent as villainess. With tongue firmly in cheek, the rapscallions of Bon Temps keep on keepin' on, dodging danger and navigating whatever tricks the writers have up their sleeves. How much havoc did they wreak this week?
Eric, Interrupted
Sookie and Eric's steamy make-out sesh is interrupted by a very angry and righteous Bill. Big Baby Eric bows to their King, but despite their surrender, he's arrested. Sookie protests, but Bill's not budging on this one. Sookie, you sweet girl, Eric is under the control of necromancers; he's just lying to get in your pants. We'll never know if this theory holds water, because King Bill's throwing Eric in the pokey. “Stay out of this, for once in your life,” commands Bill. Oh, my liege!
Down in the dungeon, something smells a little off. It's Pam, despondent, with a sheet over their melting face. The end is near, but Pam, like the honey badger, doesn't give a shit. Lest Eric the Innocent forget who they used to be, Pam gives them a rundown: He's a Viking who fucks, laughs, and kills. Too bad for Pam, Eric's happy with their new life.
Upstairs, Bill gets a pat on the head from NanFlan via video chat, and even gets a little bonus — a warrant to impose the true death on Eric. If you can't beat ‘em, kill ‘em.
My Best Friend's Girl
Sookie needs Jason's help, so they head to their house. Unfortunately, a “super secret police investigation” has them handcuffed to their bed in their underpants, with the door closed. This isn't a sex thing, though; it's a supernatural thing. Jason's convinced he's turning into a were-panther and they need Sookie's help.
They await the great transformation in lawn chairs, armed with a shotgun and beer. Sookie's under strict orders to kill Jason once they turn because being a freak of nature doesn't suit him. Big sis counters that there's no such thing as normal; they can read minds and shoot balls of light out of their hands, but Jason's extra good at sex. And shooting. When they go to fetch them another beer, he's gone, running from theirs fate.
Their panic leads Jessica to their side, who sensed their fear. All they want to do is help! When urged to think of a safe place to quell their panic, Jason casts a lingering glance at Jessica's rack. Bad Stackhouse! Later, they fall asleep, side by side. When Jason realizes he's not turning into a were-panther — only because it's genetic — he's bummed. Good thing Jess was there to see you through that one, Jason. Best not to tell Hoyt about this tender moment in the woods.
Black Magic Woman
In their cell, Marnie implores the spirits to help, for vengeance, if nothing more. Flashback time: The old-timey witch is chained, drained, and raped by vampire priests. Then they burn on the pyre, chanting the spell that wakes up all the vamps and then boom — Marnie snaps out of it and they have a visitor. The Spanish witch is in the corner, slightly charred and completely evil. They lurch toward Marnie and then, in a move straight out of every Japanese horror movie ever made, they inhale the spirit in a cloud of black plasma.
Luis, the knowledgeable sheriff, heads down to the cell to finish what they started because, surprise! He's the priest who raped Antonia. Marnie, who is suddenly bilingual, brings Luis to their knees. Finally! Mousy Marnie is no more. Let the games begin!
We Need No Water, Let the Motherfucker Burn
Arlene and Terry's house is on fire! Time to grab the kids and go. Bad Baby is suspiciously missing, but after some “where's mah baby?!” histrionics, they turn up outside. Them kids found them sitting next to the creepy Cabbage Patch kid who's been hanging around. Oh, who's this? Bad Baby's waving at a sad woman standing under a tree, in Depression-era garb. When Arlene turns around, she's gone. I scare easy, so this creepy, albeit expected vision made me cover my eyes, but only a little bit.
When the dust settles in the morning, Sam surveys the damage. Terry and their pet armadillo are worried about the source of the fire and the cleanup, but don't fret, Sheriff Bellefleur's here. Andy's V addiction has made them really strong and really horny. Wiccan Holly's impressed by their strongman act. Andy and their newfound confidence peer-pressure them into a date.
Who Are You?
Parenticide is really getting to Tommy. Unfortunately, Sam needs them to look after the bar today. Beware the full moon, Mickens. Stress is a trigger for shifters. This is evident when their flesh ripples and buckles, transforming them into Sam.
If I shifted into someone else, I would wait it out with a stash of Us Weeklys and whiskey. Tommy takes a decidedly different approach. They stride into Merlotte's, ready to take on the day. First things first — fire Sookie. She's a terrible employee, always running off and getting into trouble, so good riddance, I guess. He's on top of the world, until they check in with Maxine, who sits dolefully at a table by herself. Tommy left her, like everyone else in their life, and they deserved to get shot by Sam, because he's “dumber than a bucket of spit and just as useful.”
Later on, Tommy enjoys the perks of being Sam, including hot shifter sex with Luna. Their postcoital snuggle is cut short, because Tommy's starting to change back into himself. They gruffly dismiss Luna, who tells them to fuck off, but it's in the nick of time. The door slams and he's back to their old self. What a mess you've made, Tommy. Good luck getting out of this one.
Forgive and Forget
Tara has a surprise visitor that morning. It's Naomi, looking for an explanation. Tara lets them freak flag fly, explaining the really, really rough year she's had. Naomi doesn't take kindly to being lied to, but whatever. Nothing like some angry sex to cure what ails you.
Tara brings Naomi to Merlotte's for a romantic dinner. To prove their point, their waiter, Jessica, bares their fangs mid-order and sprints off. After this, Naomi is willing to forgive and forget, as long as Tara comes back to the Big Easy. This moment is ruined by NachoFace Pam. “Spare me the dyke in the woods routine,” they growl. Fangs are out, and it looks like Naomi's time with us might have ended.
Alcide has a little surprise waiting for them at home. Marcus Bozeman, the lank-haired pack leader, has convinced Debbie to join. Sober Debbie might not be sober for much longer. They position this move as a yen for community and friends, but Alcide isn't so sure.
Where Does Magic Come From?
Jesus and Lala sit down to some goat tongue with Gramps, who's none too pleased to see Jesus. It's not right to waltz in and ask for help, after twenty years of radio silence. If they want help, they need to make a sacrifice. Out to the fields you go, under the starry sky. Lafayette and their Kriss-Kross braids aren't sold on this whole sacrifice spiel, but Jesus knows this is the way. When they see a snake slither by, they grab it. Sacrifice caught!
The snake pleases Abuelito, who gets right to it. They light a fire in the room, and when the snake hits the flame, Abuelito turns into a Thundercat, and the rattlesnake bites Jesus. Lafayette's gift flexes its muscle.  They are possessed by the spirit of Jesus's Tío Luca. Water gurgles, Lafayette displays an impressive knowledge of Spanish, and then Jesus is cured. Well! The good guy/bad guy line has been drawn in the sand. I smell a Marnie face-off in the future.
The Viking and the Fairy Sit Together at the Table
King Bill is ready to do their duty and get rid of Eric once and for all. Big Baby Eric is willing to meet the true death, but with two requests: release Pam and, oh yes, a very special message for Sookie — they love them They were reborn the night they met her, and they are grateful. “After I'm gone, I hope you'll find your way back to each other,” breathes Eric. I can almost hear the wheels turning in Bill's head. Sook-eh. They love meh. Sook-eh. Bill prepares to plunge the stake into Eric's heart and … the camera cuts away.
Thankfully, Sookie has spent most of this episode wandering around the bayou with a gun, looking for their brother. Them endless search turns into a glorious reunion with a very undead Eric Northman. The Viking and the Fairy ravage each other on the misty shores of the bayou. Bill pouts, as Neko Case plays in the background. You did the right thing, Bill. I promise.
An internal investigation of the Transportation Security Administration revealed security failures at dozens of the nation's busiest airports, where undercover investigators were able to smuggle mock explosives or banned weapons through checkpoints in 95 percent of trials, ABC News has learned.
The series of tests were conducted by Homeland Security Red Teams who pose as passengers, setting out to beat the system.
According to officials briefed on the results of a recent Homeland Security Inspector General's report, TSA agents failed 67 out of 70 tests, with Red Team members repeatedly able to get potential weapons through checkpoints.
In one test an undercover agent was stopped after setting off an alarm at a magnetometer, but TSA screeners failed to detect a fake explosive device that was taped to their back during a follow-on pat down.
Officials would not divulge the exact time period of the testing other than to say it concluded recently.
Yawning, Whistling Might Get You Flagged at Airport Security
A Pretty Penny: TSA to Keep $675K in Change Left at Airport Security
5 Rights You Lose Whenever You Board a Plane
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson was apparently so frustrated by the findings they sought a detailed briefing on them last week at TSA headquarters in Arlington, Virginia, according to sources. U.S. officials insisted changes have already been made at airports to address vulnerabilities identified by the latest tests.
“Upon learning the initial findings of the Office of Inspector General's report, Secretary Johnson immediately directed TSA to implement a series of actions, several of which are now in place, to address the issues raised in the report,” the DHS said in a written statement to ABC News.
Homeland security officials insist that security at the nation's airports is strong – that there are layers of security including bomb sniffing dogs and other technologies seen and unseen. But the officials that ABC News spoke to admit these were disappointing results.
This is not the first time the TSA has had trouble spotting Red Team agents. A similar episode played out in 2013, when an undercover investigator with a fake bomb hidden on their body passed through a metal detector, went through a pat-down at New Jersey's Newark Liberty Airport, and was never caught.
At the time, the TSA said Red Team tests occurred weekly all over the United States and were meant to “push the boundaries of our people, processes, and technology.”
“We know that the adversary innovates and we have to push ourselves to capacity in order to remain one step ahead,” a TSA official wrote on the agency's blog in March 2013. “[O]ur testers often make these covert tests as difficult as possible.”
In a 2013 hearing on Capitol Hill, then-TSA administrator John Pistole, described the Red Team as “super terrorists,” who know precisely which weaknesses to exploit.
“[Testers] know exactly what our protocols are. They can create and devise and conceal items that … not even the best terrorists would be able to do,” Pistole told lawmakers at a House hearing.
More recently, the DHS inspector general's office concluded a series of undercover tests targeting checked baggage screening at airports across the country.
That review found “vulnerabilities” throughout the system, attributing them to human error and technological failures, according to a three-paragraph summary of the review released in September.
In addition, the review determined that despite spending $540 million for checked baggage screening equipment and another $11 million for training since a previous review in 2009, the TSA failed to make any noticeable improvements in that time.
ABC News' David Kerley contributed to this report.
Only hours after The Daily Beast ran an exclusive story on a black veteran who was taunted by police as they lay dying on the floor of their jail cell, New York Daily News columnist Shaun King wrote an op-ed on the exact same topic that appears to borrow heavily from the Daily Beast piece.
Daily Beast editors began calling on King on their copycat version of their story almost immediately after it was published.
But King's copy goes far worse than just a lack of attribution; here's Daily Beast reporter Kate Briquelet‘s version:
When Williams arrived to the county jail's booking area in the early morning of Oct. 22, Owasso officer Jack Wells slammed them to the floor while trying to handcuff him, according to the cop's own interview with OSBI. Officer Wells told OSBI they “landed on top of Elliott's shoulder and head,” but that the prisoner “appeared to be fine with no injuries.” Still, the Tulsa sheriff office's appeared to disagree. In an internal report, the sheriff's department says Williams struggled after the fall, and that their condition was captured on booking cameras. “At this time it is obvious that Williams is having a difficult time standing,” the document stated.
And here's King:
When Williams arrived to the county jail's booking area in the early morning of Oct. 22, Owasso officer Jack Wells slammed them to the floor while trying to handcuff him, according to the cop's own interview with OSBI. Officer Wells told OSBI they “landed on top of Williams' shoulder and head,” but that the prisoner “appeared to be fine with no injuries.” Still, the Tulsa sheriff office's appeared to disagree. In an internal report, the sheriff's department says Williams struggled after the fall, and that their condition was captured on booking cameras. “At this time it is obvious that Williams is having a difficult time standing,” the document stated.
If those excerpts look identical, it's because they are identical.
Daily Beast senior editor Justin Miller is pulling no punches, straightforwardly accusing King of plagiarism on Twitter.
King responded to the allegation with a, uh, unique defense, saying that they were just “quoting” the piece. (Again, to reiterate, King did not link to the Daily Beast piece or put Briquilet's words in quotation marks.)
A COMPLETE FABRICATION. I did not plagiarize this. It's a direct damn quote. Copying @NYDailyNews & @jimrichNYDN https://t.co/I9RH8Neeo3 — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 19, 2016
An editor's note was added to the piece after Miller's criticism went viral. “An editing error mistakenly removed attribution to a story originally published by The Daily Beast,” the note reads. “The mistake has been corrected. The News regrets the error.”
UPDATE –– 4:19 pm EST: King continued to give their account of what happened on Twitter, even invoking Clinton ties to the publication:
1. No. I did not plagiarize @TheDailyBeast or @FiveThirtyEight or anyone else. Where I attributed & linked to both pic.twitter.com/PDfapqWucx — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 19, 2016
2. Here is what I submitted to my editors THIS MORNING where I properly attributed to Kate of @TheDailyBeast pic.twitter.com/sVzblHzNqu — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 19, 2016
3. Here is where I properly attributed to @FiveThirtyEight. Notice I link, credit them, and include block quotes. pic.twitter.com/wWFJLAEeJX — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 19, 2016
4. Our editorial team @NYDailyNews has apologized to me for not properly including the attributions that I provided. — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 19, 2016
5. In both instances I provided: a. Links back to 538 & Daily Beast
b. Clear written attribution
c. Clear block quotes of their material — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 19, 2016
6. After I write a story, submit it to editors, and respond to any questions they have, I do not go back and read the live web version. — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 19, 2016
7. Anyway, it was handled poorly by @TheDailyBeast. They should've contacted my editors FIRST before blasting me on Twitter. — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 19, 2016
8. Also, Chelsea Clinton is on the board of the parent company of The Daily Beast. They ride HARD for Hillary. Sure that played a role. — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 19, 2016
9. Hell, I think too highly of myself, my family, this profession, and the causes I fight for to plagiarize. Take that bullshit on somewhere — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 19, 2016
10. Thankful for our Editor-In-Chief @jimrichNYDN and for our team @NYDailyNews for responding. I have to get back to work now. — Shaun King (@ShaunKing) April 19, 2016
UPDATE –– 11:55 pm EST: The New York Daily News has said that is has fired an editor for what it calls, “egregious and inexplicable errors” found in the columns of Shaun King.
#BREAK: Statement from New York Daily News editor Jim Rich regarding @ShaunKing situation >> pic.twitter.com/4KJu7PihAN — Dylan Byers (@DylanByers) April 19, 2016
[Image via screengrab]
——
>>Follow Alex Griswold (@HashtagGriswold) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Danish journalist says Ukrainian soldiers, south of Kramatorsk in Donetsk Oblast, reassure residents they will not attack them
10:13 p.m. — Danish freelance journalist Johannes Wamberg Andersen said that, south of Kramatorsk, they witnessed a Ukrainian military unit of 16 armored vehicles tell local residents that they will not take any actions against them. Most of the vehicles in the convoy are armored personnel carriers and an unspecified number of tanks. Local villagers said that the Ukrainian soldiers thought they were sent to conduct an anti-terrorist operation, not to shoot local residents. — Mark Rachkevych
OSCE Freedom of Media Representative: Journalists face violence, intimidation and psychological warfare in conflict areas in Ukraine
6:43 p.m. — The Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe's Freedom of Media Representative said in a statement released on April 16 that “Journalists [in Ukraine] are under attack, both physically and as part of the ongoing psychological warfare. Journalists in conflict areas face violence, seizure and destruction of equipment, and threats on a daily basis.”
Returning from a three-day trip to the Ukrainian cities of Kharkiv, Kyiv, and Odessa, Dunja Mijatovic noted that “Media freedom is a reflection of the overall security situation. From my perspective the situation is alarming, with risk of further deterioration unless it is immediately improved. Violence against journalists must stop now and the rule of law needs to be restored throughout the country.”
Mijatovic added that “Journalists in Crimea face additional problems with media re-registration, possible eviction from the region if they are not considered loyal and do not change citizenship, vicious labeling, threats and denial of access to public information.”
Since Russian-backed separatist movements began popping up in eastern Ukraine on April 6, journalists from Vice News, the BBC, Gorlovka, Hromadske TV, Lenta.ru, have been attacked.
Gorlovka.ua's and newspaper Kriminal Ekspress' offices were vandalized, and cars owned by Alexei Matsuka of Novosti Donbassa and Odessa First City Channel were set aflame. — Isaac Web
Defense Ministry confirms pro-Russian separatists have captured Ukrainian armored vehicles
4:28 p.m. — The Ukrainian Defense Ministry has confirmed that “Russian saboteurs” have captured six Ukrainian armed vehicles in the eastern Ukrainian city of Kramatorsk.
The ministry says that local residents of Kramatorsk blocked the armored vehicles on the morning of April 16. “As a result of the blocking, extremists seized the vehicles and the column [of armored vehicles] headed towards Sloviansk,” said the Defense Ministry's statement.
The vehicles are currently in Sloviansk. The ministry says that the men controlling them are “not related to the Armed Forces of Ukraine.”
Whether Ukrainian troops initially driving the armored vehicles switched sides and joined the pro-Russian separatists remains unclear. — Isaac Webb
Rasmussen: NATO will increase its military presence on eastern border
2:52 p.m. — NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen announced on April 16 that NATO will bolster its military presence along its eastern border in response to the destabilization of Russian-backed separatist movements in eastern Ukraine.
Rasmussen said in a statement that NATO would begin strengthening its eastern border immediately with “more planes in the air, more ships in the water, more readiness on the land.”
They said that “air policing aircraft will fly more sorties over the Baltic region. Allied ships will deploy to the Baltic Sea, the Eastern Mediterranean and elsewhere, as required. Military staff from Allied nations will deploy to enhance our preparedness, training and exercises. Our defence plans will be reviewed and reinforced.”
Further, Rasmussen said that NATO would enhance air patrols along its eastern border in Poland, Romania, and in the Baltic States.
“We will start to implement these measures straight away. More will follow, if needed, in the weeks and months to come. Our decisions today are about defence, deterrence and de-escalation. They are entirely in line with our international commitments, said Rasmussen.”
Thus far, NATO has said that it will not send troops to eastern Ukraine to help the Ukrainian military counter Russian-backed separatist movements. — Isaac Webb
Razumkov Center: Government not showing proper level of
professionalism in dealing with Russian-backed saboteurs
2 p.m. – After Kremlin-backed insurgents ignored an amnesty was to give up their
arms in eastern Ukraine, an anti-terrorist operation has started there.
“We've more than once heard the names and surnames and the
locations of where the (Russian-backed) diversionary radical groups are,” said Mykola
Sunhurovsky, director of military programs at the Razumkov Center. “Well, if
they are known then take measures. Why are you (government) letting them
conduct subversive activity and rile up crowds? The situation is very
complicated, it requires a high level of professionalism on the part of
government, which we haven't observed yet.” –
Mark Rachkevych
As Ukraine's anti-terrorist operation against pro-Russian insurgents in Donetsk Oblast enters its second day, reports of Ukrainian troops switching sides have emerged from the city of Kramatorsk. (AFP)
Unidentified persons block train route between Kramatorsk and Druzhkivka
Donetsk Railways has announced that unidentified persons have illegally blocked train tracks between Kramatorsk and Druzhivka, forcing passenger and suburban trains to take an alternate route, according to Interfax Ukraine.
Donetsk Railways' press service said that 13 passenger trains and 14 suburban trains travel the route between Kramatorsk and Druzhivka every day.
The regular service between Kramatorsk and Druzhivka has since been restored — Isaac Webb
Yatseniuk:
Russia now exporting terrorism
12:48 p.m. – Prime Minister
Arseniy Yatseniuk said
at a briefing today that in addition to oil and gas, “Russia has now begun
exporting terrorism,” in reference to a separatist movement in eastern Ukraine
that is backed by the Kremlin with suspected Russian soldiers on the ground.
Russia has
denied any involvement in the unrest and civil strife in Ukraine's eastern
regions.
“Only one
country in the world – Russia – doesn't see the Russian diversion groups
carrying out terrorist acts in our country,” said Yatseniuk. – Mark Rachkevych
Armed pro-Russian men seize Donetsk City Council building
12:24 p.m. – In addition to the Donetsk Oblast Administration and regional police headquarters, the Donetsk City Council is now under the control of Kremlin-backed insurgents, reports Novosti Donbass, a local media outlet. The building was taken over immediately after observers from the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe finished a meeting with local authorities there. Initially five armed men entered the building, followed by more soon thereafter.
Members of the pro-Russian organization Oplot told local reporters outside the building that they want to hold a referendum to secede from Ukraine.
They are letting people evacuate the building. – Mark Rachkevych
Defense Ministry promises plans to “respond toughly” to abduction of Ukrainian soldiers
The Ukrainian Defense ministry is promising a tough response to separatists who abducted two Ukrainian soldiers in eastern Ukraine, reports Interfax Ukraine.
The soldiers, an officer and a contract solder, were kidnapped while stopping on the side of the road in the city of Krasny Luch in Luhansk Oblast.
The Defense Ministry's press service released a statement saying that the “leadership of the national defense agency is planning to respond toughly to such actions against servicemen of the Ukrainian Armed Forces, who swore allegiance to the Ukrainian people and are faithfully performing their designated tasks.”
“These activities are carried out in close cooperation with the respective structural units of other law enforcement agencies of Ukraine, which are involved in carrying out anti-terrorist operations,” said the ministry's statement. — Isaac Webb
SBU releases more Russian military chatter
in Slovyansk (video with English translation)
11:44 a.m. – Ukraine's
Security Service released another video showing high-level chatter between
Russian military intelligence subversion members in Slovyansk (Donetsk Oblast)
that took place on April 14.
Lasting more
than a minute, it is split into two parts.
The first part
is between the Russian commander in Slovyansk, code-named, “Strelok” (shooter)
and another diversion group member code-named “Prapor” (flag). They discuss
blocking Ukrainian military and police units in the area.
The other part
is a discussion between a Russian military intelligence subversion group member and the wife of the
self-proclaimed governor of Donetsk Oblast. They ask Strelok to send over a
group to take over the Donetsk regional police headquarters.
“Strelok,” commander of Russian military
intelligence diversion group in Slovyansk:
“Yes, I'm
listening.”
“Prapor,” member
of Russian military intelligence diversion group:
“I report as
follows: This is a part of those who came from Crimea. They don't want to
surrender. Right now they are trying to persuade them, a man came from
Volodarsk (town in Luhansk Oblast) who is former military. But they will not surrender,
they don't want to. I don't know how he'll convince them (to surrender).”
Strelok: “Do they
have many weapons?
Prapor: Only
what they have – 25.
Strelok: Well
then make them get on the ground under the threat of…Has Romashka arrived? No?
Prapor: No, when
will they arrive?
Strelok: Wait
for Romashka. After that block them and under lethal fire, (cursing), there's
no sense to ceremoniously (waste time with them).
Prapor: I
blocked the road. Here I have one, two, three…I have five shooters with
automatic weapons, but I don't know these people. They are with Slavik.
Strelok: Right
now Romashka will drive over to you. Surround the whole place and block it. And
don't beat around the bush – destroy everything! We are not in Crimea, damn it.
Explain to them that we are not in Crimea.
Prapor:
Understood.
Strelok: Now
call you know
Second part – conversation between
Russian military intelligence diversion group member in Slovyansk and Ekaterina
Gubareva (the wife of the self-proclaimed governor of Donetsk Oblast Pavel
Gubarev):
Ekaterina
Gubareva: Pash (Pavel), tell Igor (“Strelok”) that while there's no fighting
happening there or if he's not busy, give orders to take over the Donetsk
Oblast Interior Ministry (Donetsk regional police headquarters) and transfer
control over it to us.
Pavel (Agat):
You mean to take it over?
Ekaterina
Gubareva: Yes.
Pavel: Katiusha
(Ekaterina), the guys who take over police stations have for the past 15 years
only been fighting in wars. That's a reality. – Mark Rachkevych
Defense Ministry denies that Ukrainian troops switch sides in Kramatorsk, travel
11:36 a.m. — The Kyiv Post's journalists on the ground are reporting that Ukrainian troops, surrounded by civilians and pro-Russian insurgents in Kramatorsk, began flying a Russian flag after speaking with the self-proclaimed mayor of Sloviansk.
After defecting, the troops traveled in armored personnel carriers together with Kremlin-backed soldiers with no military insignia to Sloviansk, which is 15 kilometers north of Kramatorsk. A video shows a tank also in the city of Kramatorsk together with the APCs.
The Defense Ministry has denied that its armored personnel carriers were taken over by pro-Russians.
The Ukrainian soldiers, flying the Russian flag, arrived in Sloviansk and immediately entered the city's police station. What they are doing in the station remains unclear. — Isaac Webb & Daryna Shevchenko
Insurgents in Kramatorsk drive armored personnel carriers, fly Russian flag
Journalists on the ground in the city of Kramatorsk in northern Donetsk Oblast are reporting that armored personnel carriers are driving around flying the Russian flag.
Espresso TV video journalists have filmed pro-Russian troops driving in armored vehicles through the streets of Kramatorsk flying the Russian flag.
Alec Luhn of The Guardian tweeted that “pro-Russian unmarked militia now has armored troop carriers & are driving from Kramatorsk to Slaviansk. A definite escalation of tensions.”
Raniah Salloum, the foreign affairs editor of Spiegel Online, reports that they “just saw tanks that switched side[s] in #kramatorsk. Now anti Kiev.”
Earlier, Interfax Ukraine reported that armored vehicles flying Ukrainian flags had entered the city of Kramatorsk early on the morning of April 16.
However, the Kyiv Post's journalists on the scene reported that residents of Kramatorsk surrounded Ukrainian troops in armored personnel vehicles and prevented them from entering the city. — Isaac Webb
Congressional investigators probing Russian election interference want Donald Trump Jr.'s phone records relating to their meeting with a Russian lawyer ahead of the 2016 presidential election.
According to a new CBS News report, there is "high interest" among congressional investigators to obtain Trump Jr.'s cellphone records, phone records and all email accounts of individuals involved in the meeting.
The meeting became the subject of national attention last month after it was revealed Trump Jr. had met with a Russian lawyer who claimed to have compromising information on then-Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE.
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's son-in-law and senior adviser Jared Kushner, as well as former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort, were also at the meeting. In total, eight individuals attended the meeting, contrary to Trump Jr.'s initial statement on the matter.
A congressional source told CBS News "we want all relevant documents" pertinent to the meeting and those who attended.
Earlier this week, The Washington Post reported that Trump dictated Trump Jr.'s initial misleading statement on the meeting. The report has launched the event back into the national spotlight.
The meeting has become a central part of ongoing investigations by the House and Senate Intelligence committees into possible collusion between Trump campaign staff and Russia during the 2016 election.
Democrats have argued that Trump Jr.'s willingness to accept the meeting and opposition research on Clinton is an example of clear intent to work with the Russian government, though Trump has fiercely defended their son and Trump Jr. has said the meeting ultimately went nowhere.
For well over a decade Bud Foster has been considered one of the best defensive minds in all football. The Virginia Tech DC's rep grew even more last season when their Hokies went to Columbus, harassed Ohio State first-year student QB J.T. Barrett and rattled the Buckeyes' offense, sticking Urban Meyer with their first regular-season loss at OSU, 35-21. A big key to the Hokies' triumph over the eventual national champs was going to the Bear defense.
Just exactly what the Hokies did, why they did it and how the change-up impacted their defense for the year has been detailed in a fascinating series that's just come out via the coaching site, XandOlabs.com. The site, which offers premium content, is done by football coaches and for football coaches, but a lot of the material also resonates for regular fans of the sport, especially the ones intrigued by the X-and-Os.
Mike Kuchar (a former colleague of mine and a friend) spent a lot of time in Blacksburg this spring with the Hokies' defensive staff and came away with some really insightful stuff. The three-part series begins with the genesis for Tech's Bear package, which stems from Foster meeting with the Ole Miss staff and Rebels DC Dave Wommack, who, based out of a three-down front, was experimenting with a five-down front in order to better defend the interior run game they were seeing in the SEC.
Article continues below ...
"According to Foster, what Wommack was doing was having their edge players, or defensive ends, ‘wire,' which means read the guards in order to fit inside on any run schemes," Kuchar writes. "Foster loved the idea, but with the speed of the quarterbacks on Virginia Tech's upcoming schedule (Ohio State, Georgia Tech, Duke, etc.), they were concerned about the quarterback perimeter run game. They had to find a way to accomplish two tall tasks: load the box to stop the interior run, yet be sound enough on the perimeter to defend the read option game.
"So when Foster got back to work in Blacksburg, they hit the lab to try to find a way to mesh what the Hokies were doing with its three down package, which was mainly used on third downs, to Wommack's concept. A few days later, the birth of the Hokies' Bear package came to fruition."
A caveat: Much of the material in the series, which includes lots of diagrams and video, is very technical. It is far beyond Football 101.
"It was called a Bear package because of the presence of two 3-techniques on the line of scrimmage, which will be detailed below," writes Kuchar. "Having two 3-techniques on the line of scrimmage negates any combination blocks at the point of attack, which is [the] foundation of the one-back gap scheme run game infiltrating college football today. It was built off the former Chicago Bear defensive coordinator Buddy Ryan 46 defense philosophy, to create as many one-on-one blocks at the point of attack as possible, and just coach your players up on the back end better than your opponent."
Foster told XandOlabs.com that the entire premise of the Bear package is to get plus-one in the box to defend quarterback option teams, and its coverage structure is man heavy. So part of the decision in implementing it is having the guts to play with one or sometimes no high safeties in the middle of the field.
"The Y-off or slot formation (aka Ohio State) was one of the primary reasons Foster implemented the Bear package," Kuchar writes. "In fact, it was the Hokies' automatic check to that formation this spring. The reasoning is simple: Teams aren't using that Y player as a vertical threat in the pass game (unless it's off the run action), which is why Foster was more concerned about them producing an extra gap, either play side or back side, in the run game. ‘Anytime the Y is off, we like going to Bear because you have to defend the run package with misdirection,' Foster explained."
When Virginia Tech used the Bear package it allowed only 2.9 yards per carry, which was a full yard less than the Hokies' season average, according to XandOlabs.com. In shutting down the eventual national champs, Tech held Ohio State to 21 points, 327 total yards and just 2.7 yards per carry on 40 attempts and also intercepted Barrett three times, including one pick-six. Barrett finished the game 9-for-29 while stud RB Ezekiel Elliott gained only 32 yards on eight carries, both of their worst games of the season. In OSU's other 14 games, no one else held the Buckeyes under 31 points.
Against Ohio State, Foster wanted to make sure they had a backside player, rather than the defensive end or backer, to account for the quarterback read game, so they kept their corner there and pushed the coverage to the side of the motion. The Buckeyes were running the speed motion and then ran either a sweep or a flood concept of the jet mesh.
"What Ohio State did on first and second down with their play action game was lethal," Foster said. "We couldn't get caught running with motion and get picked with their rub routes." So against that speed motion, Foster would tell their defensive end or backer, who are usually contained players, to "attack the mesh point of the quarterback" and have their Rover or free safety fit inside to protect against the flood concept. The play-side corner would take the most outside receiver, the Nickel would handle No. 2 (which was usually the X in motion) and the Rover would play No. 3. The free safety, who is responsible for the back, will add on to the rush if it is a pass."
On Monday, Sept. 7, the Buckeyes get a chance for revenge against the Hokies' and Foster's Bear D when Ohio State visits Blacksburg in the season opener for both teams. To read much more from the series, go here.
Bruce Feldman is a senior college football reporter and columnist for FOXSports.com and FOX Sports 1.  They are also a New York Times Bestselling author. Their new book, The QB: The Making of Modern Quarterbacks, came out in October 2014. Follow them on Twitter @BruceFeldmanCFB.
We are emotional beings. We rage, we weep. To combat our emotions we numb them, using whatever distraction we can use to distance ourselves from feeling. To think and to feel are becoming foreign ideas. It is preferable to hover near the surface, engaging in relationships that are stable, consistent and predictable. The new Bubonic Plague is romance. To name a thing beautiful, or to experience a sublime, beautiful moment is a rarity, best reserved for our memories. We fear exposure.
Tango is a subtle romance. A romance that celebrates our emotions with movements. These movements — pivots, turns, pauses, steps, postures — are part of a language that expresses vulnerability, our willingness to connect, sensuality and confidence. Tango is not a solitary dance.
Let go.
Tango's close embrace is a defining moment in a new dancer's journey. It is the both the most challenging and simplest theme in any tango lesson: connectivity.
It looks like a lovers embrace. A breath's width separates two lips from touching. Them nose nestles in your neck, or their cheek presses against yours. The warmth of their skin, the lilting smell rising from their neck, the light sweat of their scalp, the music's rhythm a new heartbeat mutually shared and the feel of their body as you move around the floor. Your eyes are hazy, dim, focused only enough to avoid moving into other couples. There are times the music inspires you to lead them in a movement that creates a small space between your bodies. This sudden acknowledgement of two bodies shifts the momentum. It almost feels unnatural.
It is easy to confuse these experiences with lust or sexual desire. Typically, when our lovers face is that close it is a step towards another intimate experience, albeit with less clothing. In tango this intimacy is sensual not sexual.The celebration is not of two bodies unraveling, but of two bodies — two souls — orbiting a shared central axis.
The awareness of this center of balance, of their movements, the foot their weight is on, the space on the dance floor, where other couples are and the rhythm of the music are all meaningful details. Now it is a language shared between two people. Others may observe, but in close embrace all worlds are centered on two people and how much they're willing to express. It is simpler to do these things in open embrace, where you can orient yourself and watch your partner, but close embrace is a swimmer first deep dive into an ocean. It is the hushed hour of night, where lights create tiny atmospheric hazes, and there is a slight, but perceived excitement.
The central tenet of dancing tango in close embrace is, like all beautiful things, love. It is a discovery of our own vulnerabilities and how transient they truly are. It is the more in eyes brightened in a face damp with sweat, mussed hair and a long exhalation. Love is the more in everything human. In tango, love is the perennial second chance. In close embrace, it is an exultation shouted out not with words or raised arms, but in the elegant, quiet movements of two people existing around a focal point. It is as personal and varied as our perspectives, outlook and opinions.
The self merging with another self.
Your self blurs and coalesces, leaking slow and hot like blood from a wound. The presence and heat of your partner in such close proximity enhances, rather than diminishes your awareness.
Love is part compromise. At its height it is fully reciprocated. In tango's close embrace the amount of self-love we bring to our partner creates an opportunity for them to offer theirs. When it works, it is like two waterfalls falling into the same pool. That pool is tango, it is us and finally, it is love.
Images used courtesy of Kagan Photography. Click here to find a wonderful array of tango photography.
Japhy received the lung and tri for Khenpo Gangshar's “Mind Instructions,” the irony of receiving the lung and tri for this particular transmission notwithstanding.
“Until quite recently, the surviving holders of Khenpo Gangshar's transmission, kept it on a need to know basis.”
Japhy's Khenpo Karthar spoke of Khenpo Gangshar in retreat with the retreatants they trained at Karma Ling, in Delhi, New York.
“I've seen references made to Khenpo Gangshar made by Pema Chodron.”
Pema Chodron's teacher, Chogyam Trungpa, was Khenpo Gangshar's attendant in Tibet.
“In fact, Trungpa was the last person to see Khenpo Gangshar alive, when they were stopped at a Chinese check point in Tibet.”
The Chinese detained Chogyam Trungpa. They let Khenpo Gangshar pass. Khenpo Gangshar was never seen again.
“When Lama Tashi Dondup visited here last year their version of the story had Khenpo Gangshar not dying in prison.”
Japhy likes to imagine that the Chinese never found cause to imprison Khenpo Gangshar, that they lived out their life as a hidden yogi.
“What Khenpo Gangshar taught, as it was taught to me by Khenpo Karthar, suggests for me at least, the hidden yogi scenario.”
What is known for certain, though, is that the flow of three Karma Kagyu lineage holders credited with establishing their lineage in America, Trungpa, Thrangu, and Karthar, flows directly through Khenpo Gangshar.
“There is no Karma Kagyu in America, if not for Khenpo Gangshar. They forever changed how we do Vajrayana here, as a lineage.”
It was Khenpo Gangshar who showed the way beyond how the Vajrayana had been transmitted for centuries in Tibet,
“Khenpo Gangshar did the unthinkable, and transmitted the Vajrayana without restriction, in response to a deathbed epiphany they had.”
According to Chogyam Trungpa, as told to Khenpo Karthar, Khenpo Gangshar had in fact died.
“Trungpa was preparing Khenpo Gangshar for cremation when their teacher came back to life.”
Before this unexpected turn of events, Khenpo Gangshar was special to Trungpa, an accomplished master, but nothing like the figure they have come to be recognized as today.
“I received pointing out from Their Holiness the 16th Karmapa, the lung and tri for Mahamudra from Khenpo Karthar.”
For those that, rightly so, demand that a person knows what they speak of, Japhy's paperwork is in order when it comes to Mahamudra.
“If not for Khenpo Gangshar, this would have been unthinkable.”
Prior to Khenpo Gangshar, and for many to this day, Japhy would have had to first, at the very least, complete ngondro before receiving the transmission for Mahamudra.
“I thought the same, prior to receiving the lung and tri for Mahamudra from Khenpo Karthar.”
One day Khenpo Karthar popped out of their room, and got their Khenpo Gangshar on. This changed Japhy's life forever.
“It took their translator at the time, Nodup Tsering Burkhar, by surprise.”
Japhy happened to be sitting in the shrine room, when Nodup walked in and announced Khenpo Karthar.
“Nodup barely had time to say what was happening.”
Three of Japhy's cohorts were in the shrine room when Khenpo Karthar entered the shrine room.
“We jumped up, prostrated, and sat down. Rinpoche did what they came out to do. It was over in a flash.”
Afterwards, two of Japhy's cohorts were still waiting for Rinpoche to give them something, which is what Nodup blurted out was what Khenpo Karthar wanted to do.
“They were a bit put off from Rinpoche's uncharacteristic display of what can only be described as Vajrayana Crazy Wisdom.”
One cohort, the only other cohort still with Japhy's encampment, just smiled, and has never spoken of it since.
“Nodup was rendered speechless, a rarity for him.”
They mumbled something to Japhy when Khenpo Karthar exited the shrine room and returned to their room.
“Nodup had apparently never seen anything like it, at least not from Khenpo Karthar. It isn't something Rinpochre is known for,”
Khenchen Thrangu was the first to transmit Khenpo Gangshar's transmission, the book “Vivid Awareness” came from the teaching.
“When lama Sean told me that Khenpo Karthar was going to give us Khenpo Gangshar, we were as giddy as two school girls.”
For Japhy, it was the piece of the puzzle that made the picture for him.
“Rinpoche had always told me to not worry about it, but it had always worried them all the same. I wanted to know why I received Mahamudra as my practice like I did.”
Japhy, as do their Vajrayana coreligionists, know the Vajrayana to be presented in terms of ngondro, retreat, and Mahsmudra.
“You don't get to go straight to Mahamudra like I did.”
Khenpo Gangshar changed this, which allowed Khenpo Karthar to, as Khenpo Gandshar did, transmit Mahamudra to otherwise unqualified recipients.
“The precedent had been established by Khenpo Gangshar during the period between their death bed epiphany and their disappearance.”
Outside of the Karma Kagyu in America, to the larger Vajrayana, Khenpo Gangshar's transmission is news to them.
“Whenever a Karna Kagyu teaches Mahamudra today though, they aren't disregarding the rules of Vajrayana, some may think. They are getting their Khenpo Gangshar on.”
Japhy hopes you are enjoying yourselves with this. Some readers are quite upset. They hate Japhy with a passion.
“I've tried to explain the obvious, that Tinfoil Ushnisha is an exercise in fiction, but they simply can't get their minds around this fact,”
They believe Japhy to be something other than a literary device, which tells you everything you need to know about these readers.
“After three months, Tinfoil Ushnisha is an unqualified success as a Buddhist blog. I'm quite pleased with the response.”
What Japhy is referring to are the close to ten thousand views in less than ninety days they see when they check the stats for Tinfoil Ushnisha.
“I'm just blown away by your response. Being hated is just part of being a Buddhist blogger for me. It's no skin off my nose that they hate Tinfoil Ushnisha,”
The bulk of Tinfoil Ushnisha's readers understand that Japhy is purely for entertainment purpose, and not intended to be taken literally.
“One would think that Buddhists would get that appearances are illusions, without any substantial basis in reality.”
Anyway, Japhy has embarrassed themselves enough for one day. I hope everyone is enjoying this. Japhy is having the time of their life, Karmapa Chenno,
Advertisements
Four Chinese cities have announced new restrictions on property purchases as the government tries to cool soaring home prices stoked by property speculators in second- and third-tier cities across the country.
The measures in Chengdu, Jinan, Wuhan, and Zhengzhou were the latest in a string of steps to tighten credit flowing into the property sector as the government tries to balance the need to prevent bubbles while stimulating economic growth.
The spate of tightening measures over the past two weeks "shows that China 's top level may have reached consensus that the concerns about overheating in property market may have overshadowed the concerns about the economic slowdown," OCBC said in a research note on Monday.
"The shift of policy tone also shows that China is unlikely to stimulate the economy further aggressively. This may not bode well for market sentiment in the longer run," it said.
Many mid-tier Chinese cities have become targets of property speculators looking for the next big thing beyond China 's major cities. Other cities such as Tianjin, Hefei and Suzhou have also recently rolled out counter-measures to limit purchases as home prices jump.
The average new home price in 70 major cities climbed an annual 9.2% in August, up from 7.9% in July, according to data from China 's National Bureau of Statistics.
See also: This Is Why China's Housing Market Is Such a Mess
Residents of the inland city of Zhengzhou who already own two properties and non-residents who own one will now only be able to buy homes larger than 180 square meters (1,938 square feet), according to a notice posted on the local government's website late on Saturday.
In Chengdu, the capital of southwest Sichuan province, prospective buyers will only be allowed to purchase one property in certain city districts, and those buying their second property will need to place a down payment of no less than 40% of the purchase price, the local government said.
The Chengdu government also said it would penalize developers who were sitting on land without starting construction on time as promised and would clamp down on rumor mongering in the property market.
The eastern city of Jinan said on Sunday that residents who already owned three properties could not buy more and increased down payment requirements for those buying their first home to 30% from 20%, among other measures detailed in a document on the government's website.
Pictures of hopeful home buyers queuing up in Jinan to obtain spots in a lottery-like registry system during the public holiday weekend was widely published in state media before the new restrictions were published.
For more on the housing market, watch Fortune's video:
Residents of certain parts of the city of Wuhan, in the central province of Hubei, would be required from Monday to make a minimum down payment of 50% to qualify for a commercial loan to buy a second home or 25% for a first home, according to an announcement on a city government website. No loans would be given to residents for third homes.
Non-residents of Wuhan were ineligible for commercial loans for second homes in parts of the city and barred from buying third homes, it said.
Home prices in at least one district in Zhengzhou, which became a symbol of China 's property excesses because of rows of empty housing developments, have risen two-thirds this year to 25,000 yuan ($3,747.56) per square meter on average, a sales manager told Reuters on a recent visit to the city.
The attorney for a Jewish Israeli extremist suspected of firebombing a Palestinian home in July said Tuesday that their client was tortured by the Shin Bet security service during interrogations connected to the deadly attack.
But Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu again Tuesday rejected claims that the service used unlawful methods, and expressed strong support for the Shin Bet's conduct in investigating the July 31 attack in the West Bank village of Duma, which killed three members of the Dawabsha family.
Speaking to reporters outside Petah Tikva Magistrate's Court after their first meeting with their client following three weeks of detention, Itamar Ben Gvir said the suspect had been “broken” by their interrogation.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“I met my client after 21 days, during which they were forbidden to meet an attorney,” Ben Gvir said. “I met a man physically, mentally, broken, a man who needs psychotherapy. The Shin Bet investigators made them into a shadow of a man.”
Ben Gvir claimed the questioning was accompanied by “sexual harassment against my client, harm to what is holy to him, to their observance of the Torah and commandments, and sleep deprivation for long periods.”
In an interview with Army Radio, Ben Gvir said a female interrogator touched their client “in all kinds of place,” but did provide any more specific information.
Only one member of the Dawabsha family — four-year-old Ahmed — survived the attack on their home, and remains hospitalized in Israel. The 18-month-old baby Ali was killed on the night of the attack, while parents Riham and Sa'ad succumbed to their injuries in the succeeding weeks.
An unspecified number of Jewish suspects have been arrested in connection with the attack, which is being investigated as an act of terrorism, and prosecutors say they are preparing to indict them. Details of the investigation, and the identity of the suspects, have been withheld from publication by a court-imposed gag order.
“After they saw that my client kept to their story they simply got a license to kill,” Ben Gvir told reporters at the court house. “At a certain point four bullies entered their room and started hitting him, beating him… and used torture implements — awful descriptions, shocking, appalling.”
Ben Gvir said their client told them they were tied in stressful positions, beaten, and knocked to the floor.
“At some point they shouted ‘enough, leave me, let me go, I didn't do anything' and they said to them ‘if you don't give a confession we will continue.'”
“They damaged them and simply made them a shadow of a man. The demanded they confess to things they didn't do.”
Netanyahu rebuffed the allegations against the Shin Bet before a meeting Monday with Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko in Jerusalem.
“Shin Bet chief Yoram Cohen and their people are doing excellent and important work for the sake of the people of Israel, and for the security of Israel,” Netanyahu said.
“Attacks on them are unacceptable to me. We are a state of law. All Shin Bet activities are done in accordance with the law and with close supervision by the attorney general and the Justice Ministry, and with the approval of the courts,” they said.
Netanyahu added that while Israel “deals with Arab terror day and night and in any place, sadly there are terror attacks carried out by Jews and the Shin Bet needs to deal with them too. We will not tolerate terrorism of any kind.”
The Shin Bet responded to the allegations by Ben Gvir in a statement.
“In light of the significant security threat presented by the activities of members of the group, and [our] duty to thwart ahead of time their intent to continue with severe terror attacks that may lead to deaths, several activists who are central to the terror group were detained for interrogation, and they were interrogated intensively.”
The Shin Bet didn't specify its methods of interrogation in the statement.
Earlier Monday, Education Minister Naftali Bennett also asserted that the Shin Bet methods are within the confines of the law.
Bennett, a staunch supporter of the West Bank settler movement, told Army Radio that as a cabinet minister they had personally looked into claims that torture has been used on Jewish suspects.
“I can assert that all the actions that are taken — and they are really extraordinary actions in light of an unusual situation — are under control, and with close legal supervision, and they are aimed at preventing the next attack,” they said.
