Major League Baseball has reportedly compelled former Biogenesis proprietor Tony Bosch to testify in the league's case against roughly 20 players accused of performance-enhancing drug use. The list of accused players includes Alex Rodriguez, Ryan Braun, Melky Cabrera, Nelson Cruz, Bartolo Colon, and Jhonny Peralta.
The report from ESPN's Outside the Lines marks the latest development in a scandal first reported by the Miami New Times in January. The New Times wrote that Rodriguez, Cabrera, Colon, and Yasmani Grandal headed the list of players who allegedly bought PEDs from Biogenesis. All four of those players had either admitted to using PEDs in the past (Rodriguez) or been suspended for PED use (Cabrera, Colon, and Grandal) when the report came out. Two other major league players not previously linked to PED use, Gio Gonzalez and Cruz, were also named in the report.
Now there are three major, new items in play.
The first is a sharp jump in the number of players named as being in MLB's sights. The full list of players being investigated by the league has Rodriguez, Braun, Cabrera, Colon, Cruz, Grandal, Peralta, Everth Cabrera, Francisco Cervelli, Jesus Montero, Fernando Martinez, Fautino de los Santos, Jordan Norberto, and Mets minor leaguer Cesar Puello. The OTL piece noted that MLB is still sorting through various player codes allegedly recorded by Biogenesis, which could yield even more names. Meanwhile, both the initial New Times report and the latest OTL report cited sources claiming Gonzalez could be exonerated, since the substances they allegedly purchased from Biogenesis were legal.
The second is the strategy MLB plans to deploy in its efforts to get some of these players suspended. A source told OTL that the league might seek 100-game suspensions for Rodriguez, Braun, and others. The argument for assessing the penalty for a second-time offense (first-time offenders get 50 games) is that the players' connection to Bosch would amount to one offense, while denying any connection to Biogenesis or PED use would be another. MLB has had Braun in its crosshairs since they reportedly tested positive for a performance-enhancing substance in late 2011, only to have that suspension overturned on appeal.
The third is Bosch's reported cooperation. In late March, MLB filed a lawsuit in Miami-Dade Circuit Court against Bosch, Biogenesis, and other associates of the now-defunct clinic. Writing for FanGraphs, Wendy Thurm, a former litigator specializing in complex civil and white-collar cases, explained the basis for the complaint, which you can view here. Baseball relied largely on reports done by the New Times, ESPN, and Yahoo in forming the basis for the suit. The league tried, and failed, to get the New Times to turn over the documents it used in its investigation as a way to build its case against the players it was targeting. By going after Bosch instead, the league hoped to find a weaker link, someone who would crack under the threat of a lawsuit and thus play ball. Three weeks after MLB filed its suit against Bosch and Biogenesis, the New York Times reported that baseball had bought documents from Biogenesis employees. With Bosch reportedly teetering on the brink of financial ruin and fearing criminal prosecution, they now appear ready to cooperate. That cooperation could include authenticating the Biogenesis documents that MLB possesses and possibly offering additional testimony to implicate the already-named players, and maybe others, too.
So many questions and variables remain in this case that we're going to break this down with a Q&A:
MLB apparently hopes to suspend multiple players for PED use, with the sum total of evidence being unverified records provided by Biogenesis and Tony Bosch's testimony. Is there a precedent for that kind of suspension — one without any positive tests — in baseball?
Yes. As I wrote in January:
Baseball's Joint Drug Agreement [PDF] does allow the league to suspend suspected PED users based on “just cause.” Five years ago, MLB suspended Braves outfielder Jordan Schafer for HGH use without a failed drug test. At the time, MLB spokesperson Mike Teevan justified the suspension by saying, “We have non-analytic means of identifying players. They fall under that category.”
In the current case, MLB expects Bosch to verify the authenticity and accuracy of documents linking the named players to the use, possession, sale, and/or distribution of PEDs. OTL‘s report implies that Bosch's testimony could be enough to further or maybe even clinch the league's perceived attempt to issue multiple suspensions.
One thing MLB seems determined to do is suspend multiple players twice for actions relating to the same offense, namely taking PEDs and then lying about not having taken them. Could that strategy work?
It's probably going to be extremely difficult. For one thing, baseball has never tried this. For another, the union will likely mount a hellacious challenge to that approach. More on this in a bit.
Melky Cabrera, Colon, and Grandal have all already served suspensions for violations of the league's drug policy. Is this kind of double penalty covered anywhere in the Joint Drug Agreement? If not, on what grounds would the league propose to have a double penalty (i.e., 100 games for first-time offenders rather than 50) stick?
This strategy could also become problematic. As Thurm explains, unless authenticated and verified Biogenesis documents link a previously suspended player to use, possession, sale, or distribution of PEDs separate from the drugs that had triggered earlier positive tests, a second suspension could amount to a second punishment for the same, initial violation. If MLB were to adopt the A-Rod–and–Braun approach, it could seek both the PED-use penalty and the lying penalty against Cabrera, Colon, and Grandal. All three have already been suspended once, and two more suspensions would equal three, which, according to MLB's drug policy, would trigger a lifetime ban. Since it's not at all clear if Cabrera, Colon, and Grandal violated the league's policy in an incident separate from the one for which they've already been nailed, there's an absurd scenario by which they could be forever stripped of their ability to play in the majors as a result of, essentially, a single transgression.
In light of MLB's investigation and the suspensions that might follow, what would be the logical legal step for the players' union to pursue?
The collective bargaining agreement leaves little room for legal attacks in the courts by either side, outside the process created by the CBA itself. MLB reportedly considered a legal attack on arbitrator Shyam Das's decision that Braun's positive drug test had not complied with the process established in the Joint Drug Program for the collection, maintenance, and testing of urine samples. The league didn't pursue this in the courts. Instead it simply canned Das after 13 years of service in arbitration cases.
Still, as Thurm added in an e-mail sent to Grantland last night: “I could envision a legal attack by the players' union that, by suspending several players at the same time based on documents but not positive tests — MLB acted ultra vires — beyond the powers granted to them under the CBA.”
Who is Cesar Carrillo and why should we care about what happened to him?
He's a prospect in the Tigers system who was suspended for 100 games without pay in March because their name reportedly appeared in documents compiled by Biogenesis. Since neither the MLB Players Association nor any other union offers protection for minor leaguers, Carrillo was forced to simply accept the punishment without any recourse for fighting it. Puello, the Mets prospect named in OTL‘s latest report, could face a similar punishment without any ability to challenge it.
There are many reasons for minor league players to consider forming a union, ranging from many players' sub–minimum wage pay to their lack of protection from any MLB rulings against them. But it's likely that parent teams would attempt to crush any attempt by minor leaguers to unionize, thus condemning rank-and-file non-prospects to making a few hundred bucks a month at the lower levels without the benefit of significant signing bonuses, while ensuring that neither non-prospects nor future Mike Trouts have any kind of bargaining power as long as they toil in the minors.
What does Major League Baseball hope to accomplish here?
As noted in the OTL piece by T.J. Quinn, Pedro Gomez, and Mike Fish: “If the suspensions are upheld, the performance-enhancing drug scandal would be the largest in American sports history.”
Baseball shifting from a see-no-evil, hear-no-evil approach to PED use in the '80s, '90s, and early aughts to a more vigilant method today is generally a welcome change. There's certainly merit in fostering an environment in which everyone, from fans to non-using players, can feel confident that some players aren't seeking some kind of forbidden competitive edge. But as I wrote in January, there's a difference between respectable vigilance and taking unsavory shortcuts in an effort to mount players' heads on the wall. The lawsuit that MLB filed against Biogenesis alleged that the clinic had caused harm to baseball's finances and its reputation by supplying PEDs to major league players. There's no evidence to support either of those claims. Rather, the suit was a naked and specious attempt to get Biogenesis and Bosch to turn over the documents it reportedly had linking various players to alleged PED use. That's leaving aside the merit of testimony from a man who appears to be rather unreliable, if the sequence of events reported by various media outlets is accurate.
Overall, it appears that this investigation is an overzealous reaction to all that has happened before. Fifteen, 20 years ago, the league and mainstream media were both content to let players smash home runs and fire 97-mph fastballs while said players consumed performance-enhancing substances; the league hadn't properly codified which substances were allowed and which ones were not, while the media wrote fawning profiles of players who were later found to have used. No one likes to get duped, especially publicly. So we got an onslaught of hysterical articles slamming the league and its players for the spread of PED use. And now we have a league determined to beat back any criticism of its policies, even if it means suspending minor leaguers with flimsy evidence because they can't defend themselves, firing arbitrators for making honest decisions with which the league didn't agree, and building cases based largely on the testimony of a broke alleged drug dealer.
All of this reads like a man who seems determined to change their legacy from being the commissioner under whom everybody took steroids to the commissioner who cleaned up baseball. Which would be ironic, considering that Bud Selig's accomplishments actually look pretty damn good in other areas, all things considered. Baseball's total revenues are expected to hit $9 billion next year. We've seen a gigantic boom in franchise fees and TV revenue, with many owners also securing sweetheart deals from local governments for pretty, new stadiums (a morally distasteful tack, maybe, but one that certainly benefits the sport's financial health). Baseball has parity, it has exciting, new superstars swimming into our lives seemingly every other day, and it has fans who are supporting all of it. But instead of talking about all the great baseball being played on the field, we're heading back to more public hand-wringing over what's happening off it — not necessarily with just cause.
What's the worst-case scenario here?
Other than trampling on due process and casting a stain on the game? The answer could be an end to 20-plus years of labor peace.
The league and the players' association might disagree a bit here or there on some solvable issues. But if the union believes MLB is using shady means to railroad some of its most prominent members, things could get ugly. The last time baseball had a labor stoppage was also the worst such instance in the sport's history. In 1994, a player strike triggered by the unwillingness of high-revenue teams to share money with their lower-revenue counterparts led to the cancellation of the final seven weeks of the regular season, as well as the playoffs and the World Series — the first time in 90 years that baseball didn't stage its Fall Classic. At a time of labor peace and unprecedented wealth, no one wants to think about the possibility of another strike, let alone the threat of missed games — let alone postseason games. But if MLB continues down this path, the chance of that happening could go from essentially zero to “not impossible.”
Assuming they keep their word this time, Selig is set to retire after the 2014 season. The current collective bargaining agreement is due to expire two years after that. Even if all the currently accused players do get nailed, baseball, like every other sport, will likely still have some players continue to use PEDs — thus nullifying the dream of a commissioner who sought to stamp out steroids. Instead, Selig's final legacy could be that of a commissioner who caused a labor war that never should have happened, thus thrusting the sport's well-being into doubt for no good reason.
Well, unless you think skinning Ryan Braun's hide makes it all worthwhile.
Late last July, DICE confirmed that stats would not be transferable between current-gen and next-gen console, though after receiving quite an amount of requests, we were told that they would do an investigation.
Well, today that concluded and for those who just aren't ready to jump on the next-gen ship yet, you'll be happy to know that any progress gained in the current-gen version of Battlefield 4 will transfer over to either the PS4 or the Xbox One.
In a PR we received just a bit ago, it stated that stats from the PS3 will carry over to the PS4, as with the Xbox 360 to the Xbox One.
DICE Makes It Easy to Upgrade to Next-Gen Consoles
their holiday, DICE will unwrap the next generation of all-out warfare with Battlefield 4 for Xbox One and PlayStation 4. That means best-in-class multiplayer is coming to consoles, with huge 64-player battles running at a smooth 60 frames-per-second. Whether you are playing on Xbox 360 or PlayStation 3, we want to make your transition to next generation consoles easy. That is why today we are informing the devoted Battlefield community that all the time and effort you spend building up your Battlefield 4 stats will carry over when you upgrade from the Xbox 360 to Xbox One and from the PlayStation 3 to PlayStation 4. That way, on October 29, you can get in the game without any worries that you will have to start ranking up all over again when the next generation consoles launch. We got your back.
They also promised to show off more at this year's Gamescom, which is set to start August 20th.
Today we also wanted to inform the community that DICE is promising to keep the action going all year-long with the return of Premium membership for Battlefield 4. With membership, players can expect themed digital expansion packs, new weekly content and personalization options. And just as your stats, unlocks and rank will be transferrable from current-gen to Xbox One and PlayStation 4, so to will Battlefield 4 Premium membership.
Tune into EA's 2013 Gamescom press conference (www.ea.com/gamescom) on August 20 at 10:00am ET for a first look at Battlefield 4 Premium content.
I'm sure you've heard of Righthaven, a copyright-troll Frankenstein's monster created in a boardroom rather than a laboratory. Righthaven's creators had dreams of making money by assigning newspapers' right to sue for alleged copyright infringement to a litigation entity. Righthaven came out swinging, suing bloggers left and right, in many cases for what was clearly fair-use quotations of articles.
Its efforts met in abject failure. In some instances it lost based on fair use defense; in other cases it lost when courts found that a newspaper couldn't confer standing to sue upon a litigation entity by transferring only the bare right to sue. The end result: Righthaven has lost repeatedly and is facing both sanctions and orders compelling it to pay the attorney fees and costs of its defendants. Frankenstein's monster is lumbering dumbly away.
But Frankenstein's monster was a pathetic and somewhat sympathetic figure, the occasional child-strangulation aside. Righthaven is not. Righthaven, now claiming to be close to bankruptcy, reaches for pathos but achieves only schadenfreude. In a recent Ninth Circuit "Urgent Motion" Righthaven begs the Circuit to stay the district court's order requiring it to pay the attorney fees and costs of a successful fair use defendant, complaining that it cannot secure even a $34,000 bond and that the defendant will soon seize its assets:
To date, Righthaven has been unable to secure a bond. The terms required by the bonding companies that Righthaven's counsel has investigated and/or contacted are an impediment to meeting the district court's stay requirement. The bonding companies are requiring what amounts to a full cash bond. In sum, the bonding companies ask for full cash payment, certain forms of collateral held by the company or irrevocable letters of credit be posted to obtain a bond in the amount requested. To date, Righthaven has been unable to satisfactorily meet these requirements in a manner acceptable to a bonding company. Due to the pending appeals and the stay of certain active litigation matters, Righthaven's operating capital is being utilized to service its monthly operating expenses. As such, it is presently unable to allocate more than $34,000 toward the bond required by the district court to stay the Judgment pending appeal.
Absent posting the required bond or obtaining a stay of the Judgment pending appeal from this Court, Righthaven unquestionably face an imminent threat of irreparable harm through Hohen's judgment enforcement efforts. As set forth in the motion for writ of execution, Hoehn is clearly seeking to seize and liquidate Righthaven's intangible intellectual property assets. These assets include not only the copyrighted work at issue in this appeal, but the copyrighted works at issue in other appeals pending before this Court and those at issue in pending district court actions.
The technical, legal term for this request is JNOD, meaning "judgment notwithstanding obvious douchebaggery."
Righthaven's opponent in this is our friend Marc Randazza. One never knows which Randazza is going to show up to the party. Is it the entire legal brief about dicks Randazza? The ram has touched the wall Randazza? No, in this case, it's the literate Randazza, who picks up a mid-nineteenth-century American literature reference and beats the living shit out of Righthaven with it, having (as usual) more fun that one is supposed to as a lawyer. Read it and enjoy.
Things can't get much worse for Righthaven and its lawyers. Or . . . can they?
Last 5 posts by Ken White
It's just a couple of weeks later, Jon Snow. Photo: HBO
HBO announced its February premieres today, kicking off Sunday nights with the two-hour premiere of Vinyl on February 14, followed by Girls and Togetherness a week later. Just like with Show Me a Hero, it's likely Vinyl's two-hour premiere will count as the first two episodes of the ten-episode show, meaning all three shows would finish out their seasons together on … April 24. What does this have to do with Game of Thrones? As HBO only programs two hours of shows on Sunday nights, it means that the sixth season of Game of Thrones likely wouldn't return until May 1 at the earliest. So far, Thrones' premiere dates have ranged from late March to mid-April, with last season beginning on April 12. Technically, that means this off-season is the longest you will have to wait in between GOT seasons (though, of course, it's still not as long as the people of Westeros have to wait between seasons). The struggle. Also, while we're speculating on premiere dates, the domino effect could continue through the year, meaning that a potential third season of True Detective is probably a nonstarter for the summer. That makes sense, considering how much time Nic Pizzolatto might need to recover from the last season.
Krishna Maharaj, a British convicted murderer, is in court as their attorney asks for a new trial on Nov. 13, 2014. (Source: CBS4)
MIAMI (CBSMiami) — A British man convicted in a decades old double murder case remains hopeful that a new hearing could finally set them free.
Krishna Maharaj has been sitting in prison for 28 years after a jury found them guilty in the murders of two men because of a long-running business dispute.
Derrick Moo Young and their son Duane were gunned down in 1986 at a hotel in downtown Miami.
Judge William Thomas granted the hearing based on new evidence presented by their defense team.
They claim Colombian drug cartel kingpin Pablo Escobar ordered the slaying because they had been stealing money from him.
READ: Ex-Miami Cop Gives Testimony For British Convicted Murderer
Earlier this week, a jailed ex-Miami cop testified in Maharaj's defense saying they were framed by police.
The judge is expected to rule on the new trial in the coming months.
RELATED CONTENT:
The President promises an impartial investigation into the death of Carl Arnaiz, the second teenager whose death has sparked public outrage
Published 5:45 PM, September 06, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – After the recent deaths of two teenagers at the hands of police, President Rodrigo Duterte declared they do not condone the killing of Filipino youth in the name of their drug war.
"Wala akong inutos na patayin mo bata (I have never ordered the killing of children), even the enemy, on bended knees. That's not the rule of democracy...I would never, ever condone or allow it," they said on Wednesday, September 6, during the anniversary of the Social Security System in Quezon City.
Right before the event, Duterte met with the parents of teenager Carl Arnaiz at the Malacañang Golf Clubhouse. Arnaiz is the second teenager whose death recently sparked public outrage.
The 19-year-old was killed in a supposed shoot-out with police who were chasing them after they allegedly robbed a taxi driver. Police said packets of shabu and marijuana were recovered from Arnaiz.
Duterte told Arnaiz's parents that their administration will pursue a case against the Caloocan City police officers involved in the incident.
"I will pursue the cases against the police and, if need be, they should go to jail," they said.
They ordered Justice Secretary Vitaliano Aguirre II to "take over" the investigation.
The President repeated their controversial promise to protect police and soldiers who implement their drug war. But, as has been the norm in their speeches following the death of Kian delos Santos, Duterte quickly followed it up with a reminder to law enforcers. (READ: Kian and Carl: What the deaths of two boys have in common)
"We will protect the soldiers and police officers, but always there has to be an element of the performance of duty and you do not kill defenseless persons," said Duterte.
Delos Santos, who died two days before Arnaiz, was killed during an anti-drug operation in Caloocan City. While police claimed the 17-year-old student fought back, CCTV footage showed them being dragged to the alley where they were shot dead.
Delos Santos' family has filed murder and torture complaints against the police officers. Duterte promised an impartial investigation into the teenager's death.
Before Duterte's speech on Wednesday, the body of 14-year-old Reynaldo "Kulot" de Guzman was found in a funeral parlor in Nueva Ecija. De Guzman, a Grade 5 student, was last seen with Arnaiz. Their body bore around 30 stab wounds.
Duterte has consistently said their drug war is intended to protect Filipino children.
"If you destroy the youth of this country, I will kill you," they have said in many speeches. – Rappler.com
The Secret Sauce Behind Lone Echo's Incredible Success
Kirill Karev Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 2, 2017
The game was released about a month ago and instantly became a hit. As a developer, I play as many VR games as I can in search of the best practices to implement in my project.
What I noticed was that Lone Echo actually differs a lot from other VR titles. You see, this game has one important thing other VR experiences still don't. Keep reading to find out what it is.
A bit about the game
Lone Echo is a single-player narrative-driven VR adventure game developed by Ready at Dawn.
You play as Echo One or Jack, a smart robot designed to assist Olivia “Liv” Rhodes — captain of Kronos II, a mining facility on the rings of Saturn.  They are the only human on the ship along with robots, so-called Echo Units.
During their last days on Kronos an unknown anomaly appears in front of the ship. Your goal is to help Liv figure out the nature of this thing.
The secret sauce
From the first minutes, this game immerses you at an incomparable level. After playing a bit more, everything becomes clear.
Ready at Dawn succeeded in the following:
Attention to detail.
Turns out that it's the details that take immersion to the next level. Frankly, I have not felt being in a game more than in Lone Echo.
In this post I'll explain what those details are, how they affect immersion and how you can implement them in your game.
So, how did Ready at Dawn do it?
They definitely put a lot of work to fill in the details of these three main components of the game.
1. Olivia “Liv” Rhodes
At the moment you start playing, Liv and Jack already have a story. They treat you(as Jack) like a human being even though you are artificial intelligence.
The game starts when you wake up at some kind of hibernation dock. After a quick tutorial, you can communicate and interact with Olivia.
From the start, you will notice that interacting with them is a more lifelike experience than in other games. With the details that developers added to their animation and communication system, Liv comes to life.
Olivia responds as a real human would
You know the things most people do when they first start a new VR experience? They test the boundaries: throwing things and obscene behavior are just a couple of them. If the game character is not responding properly to player's actions, it may break the immersion completely.
Ready at Dawn solves this problem like a pro. If you throw an object at Olivia, they will dodge it. If you touch them anywhere below the hips, they will hit your hands away. If you give them a thumbs up, they will respond in kind.
These details create the “Aha” moment when you start believing the character is more than a dumb puppet. And as a result, you start behaving. Quite a good outcome for a dozen response animations.
The communication system makes you believe you can actually talk
How? Well, Lone Echo fulfills the need for communication with Liv anytime you want. They use a dialog system that can be activated near a point of interest. So, you can ask Liv a couple of questions.
The trick is that Ready at Dawn recorded a small conversation about every single thing you might be interested in. So, it seems that you can communicate with Liv anytime you want. This approach actually makes you forget that you are playing a scripted experience.
2. Player's avatar
Jack is one of several robots maintaining the ship and helping Olivia. Although they are one of that Echo Units, they are different. They have a somehow better A.I system and five fingers instead of three.
Unlike most developers, Ready at Dawn created a so ridiculously detailed model of Jack's — the player's avatar — robotic body that it makes your brain perceive it as your own.
The effect is created by filling in details that the player sees the most — the hands. First, thanks to IK (Inverse Kinematics), Jack's palms grip animation is completely natural(finally!). Second, when you stretch your hands, you see how all the wires and mechanisms stretch too.
Such tremendous work on details leads to unprecedented things. For example, you literally begin to fear virtual death.
Imagine that you play a couple of hours. Your brain has already gotten used to your new steel torso. Suddenly, you fall into the radiation zone.
After a few seconds your hands become rusty, the сolors fade. And if you die, after respawning, you find your dead crooked rusty robotic body at the place you died, floating in the cold space.
Will you worry more about your virtual life after this? Hell yeah! Such a feeling fully justifies the tremendous work on details.
3. The world
Besides the very detailed ship and dig sites there is one thing that drives immersion from the point of environment —game items. The environment is awash with interactive stuff floating in weightlessness and stuck to the walls that you can grab, throw and play with.
The truth is that this “garbage” makes the game's environments realistic.
Developers made it possible to ask Liv about almost every item you meet in the game and they will tell a short story related to it. But it's not the only purpose.
I've made a brief classification of all of the kinds of items you will meet during the game.
BEIJING - A Chinese government procurement agency has excluded Symantec and Kaspersky, two foreign security software developers, from a security software supplier list.
According to a report from Beijing Youth Daily, all the five antivirus pieces of software in the list are from China, including Qihoo 360, Venustech, CAJinchen, Beijing Jiangmin and Rising.
China's homegrown technology companies also got the better of their foreign counterparts in the personal computer operating system supplier list, making Microsoft the only foreign brand.
There is no indication whether the move has some connection with China's emphasis on the security of IT products and software after Edward Snowden's leaks about the intelligence gathering project PRISM from the National Security Agency of the United States.
China's State Internet Information Office announced in May that it would start security vetting of major IT products and services for use by national security and public interests.
Eugene Tan is a Singaporean MOCCer that's been working on their own Iron Man suit for the past 2 years. If you don't call this dedication, I don't know what qualifies!
They plan to complete it in a years time, slowly but painstakingly changing parts and design when it just “doesn't feel right”. They say the chest plate is already on “MK 5" but it won't be the last of it!
When asked how did they start their journey, Eugene says “I slowly started amassing red oddities like curves, slopes, tiles when I see them. There was already quantum to begin with. So when I decided to built full scale, I sourced for more each time I see them...” Most of their parts have come from Bricklink and a portion from PAB.
As one can imagine, this is going to weigh a ton! According to Eugene “It's really heavy and not stable for major moving, the left arm weight balances right arm weight for now”
Today 7th Oct happens to their birthday and they shared their masterpiece as a mark of their achievements in MOCcing and LEGO - if you see them around, give them a shoutout!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY Eugene Tan!!!
BOSTON — The plight of middle class Americans has, of course, been a key aspect of the current campaign for the White House.
Both President Barack Obama and their GOP challenger Mitt Romney have tried mightily to woo this economically-challenged group, particularly in the swing states where November's election is likely to be decided.
This strategy hasn't gone particularly well for the latter this week and on Thursday, President Obama kept up the pressure — in English and in Spanish.
During an interview with the Spanish-language TV stations Univision, Obama responded in full to the fallout over Mitt Romney's now infamous 47-percent comments.
"I've been president now for almost four years," Obama said. "But the day I was elected, that night in Grant Park where I spoke to the country, I said 47 percent of the people didn't vote for me. But I heard your voices and I'm going to work just as hard for you as those who did vote for me. That's how you have to operate as president."
Here's the full clip:
Not to be outdone, Mitt Romney also appeared on Univision Thursday.
But instead of connecting with Latino voters where he's some 35 points behind Obama, or moving beyond the "47 percent" comment, Romney's appearance on the Spanish-language station only provided social media outlets with another round of hilarity.
The trigger: the candidate's "suspiciously brown" appearance.
No, it's not been a good week for Mr. Romney's campaign.
At 7:00 a.m. this morning, the long-awaited Eatsie Boys Cafe very quietly opened for its first day of soft opening. For the three partners, Matt Marcus, Ryan Soroka and Alex Vassilakidis, it represents the culmination of a process that began in March when they announced they'd be taking over the former Kraftsman Cafe space. For chef Marcus, specifically, the kitchen, with its four burner range, two ovens, deep fryer and other equipment represents a significant upgrade over the 36" grill they used on the truck. As Marcus tells Eater, "I can do anything now. Turn out crazy food."
For now, that food will be a limited menu that mixes a few familiar favorites from the truck like Frank the Pretzel with breakfast items and new dishes. In a display of the new capabilities afforded by the kitchen, Marcus is serving an opening day special of pho with matzah balls.
The Cafe also has a commitment to local products. They're serving coffee from Greenway Coffee & Tea, bagels from New York Bagel Shop and products from Marcus's father's business The Grateful Bread.
As for why it's taken so long to reach this day, Soroka offers a variety of reasons. First, to pay their bills, they never stopped running the Eatsie Boys food truck or doing catering events. Also, they jumped on the opportunity to get a prime space in Montrose before they had a full concept. Then there are the usual contractors and permitting delays. Finally, they're also trying to launch the 8th Wonder Brewery.
Regardless, the day has arrived, and the cafe is open for business. They'll be open everyday except this Sunday through December 21. They'll take a break for Christmas and New Year's and go full throttle starting Monday January 7.
John Cage and Morton Feldman recorded four open-ended conversations at the studios of radio station WBAI in New York. These meetings spanned six months between July 1966 and January 1967, and were produced as five "Radio Happenings". Both men were at transitional points in their music. Cage had completed “Variations V” in 1965 and “Variations VI” and “Variations VII” in 1966, and would publish "A Year from Monday" in 1967. Most of Feldman's important work was yet to come. These conversations between two old friends, relaxed, smoking, and throwing out ideas, are full of laughter and long ponderous silences. They form an incredible historical record of their concerns and preoccupation with making music, art, society, and politics of the moment. In 1993 these conversations were transcribed and published as "Radio Happenings I-V" by Edition MusikTexte in Cologne, Germany, with a German translation and a preface by Christian Wolff. However, the printed page loses so much that can only be experienced by hearing these two speaking together again - even those long, meaningful silences. Thanks to the Estate of Morton Feldman and the John Cage Trust for permission to share this historic interview. All Rights Reserved.
A man sitting on their front porch holding what appears to be a rifle, right across the street from an elementary school. It's a sight that has parents in Wichita concerned.
The Wichita School District said it's aware of the situation but adds, the man isn't doing anything illegal. Now, that man is saying this is all just a misunderstanding.
Ashley Badders' daughter attends Kelly Elementary School in Wichita. When they saw a picture on social media of a man holding a gun on their front porch right across from the school, they told their daughter not to walk by that house anymore.
“I don't know what anyone else would get from theirs sitting on the porch with that gun,” Badders said. “What is the reason? I mean, these are fifth grade kids and under.”
The picture spread on social media, claiming the man had a problem with people parking by their driveway. But that man, who only wants to be identified as Kyle, said that's not entirely true. They said parking is a problem in this neighborhood at times, but that's not the reason they had their gun.
“Didn't feel like I was bothering anybody,” Kyle said. “I am a hunter, I do like to hunt and I just wanted to sit on my front porch with my gun, I didn't think that was a big deal.”
But Kyle said he's had two people confront him, threatening them because they had a firearm.
“He said if I didn't have that gun I'd cut you up real good,” Kyle said remembering something a man outside their house said to them this week.
Kyle said he's just exercising their second amendment rights and is always responsible with guns. But parents said it still makes them uneasy with it being so close to a school.
“We're a little upset and I'm scared parents are going to take it into their own hands, that makes it worse,” Badders added.
Kyle said what's out online is misinformation. They said the only thing they feel they need to apologize for is an argument they had with a woman over parking.
“People have the right to think what they want and believe what they want but just because I have a firearm, I'm not a bad person,” Kyle said. “Mainly I just want people to know I'm not a bad person and for the lady that I had the confrontation with, I apologize, didn't mean to call you a name I was just trying to have you move because you were blocking my driveway.”
Officials with the Wichita School District said they are aware of the situation and parent's concerns, however, they have no reports of the man pointing the gun at anyone or making any threats. They also spoke with police who confirm the man has the right to carry the gun openly.
DUMPED Carlton wrecking ball Mitch Robinson seems certain to play for Brisbane next year despite a late push from Richmond.
The Tigers met with Robinson on Tuesday where they presented a one-year deal. The Lions have presented a two-year contract.
Robinson's manager Tim Hazell refused to confirm their client was moving north, only saying Robinson was weighing up the two deals.
“Both meetings were successful and we've just got to weigh up what's best for Robbo and their family and lifestyle opportunities,” Hazell said.
“Richmond were extremely professional. They put an offer to Robbo and so has Brisbane and we've just got to decide which suits them best.”
But the Herald Sun understands Robinson will sign on the dotted at the Lions when the delisted free agency opens on Saturday.
The tough utility wants a fresh start and feels getting out of Melbourne is the right option. Their relationship with new chief executive Greg Swann, the anonymity of Brisbane and the emergence of the Lions as a side on the rise were also significant factors.
The Lions midfield now looms as a major weapon next season, with Robinson's rugged approach set to complement the playmaking skill of fellow arrivals Dayne Beams and Allen Christensen. Key pair Daniel Rich and Matthew Leuenberger will also return from injury
Richmond has been keen to bolster its midfield stocks and also made a play for Melbourne's Jack Trengove and St Kilda's David Armitage during the trade period.
Robinson, 25, was cut by the Blues last month after the club failed to find a suitor at the trade table. They had worn out the patience of Carlton chiefs after lying about their involvement in a 5am city brawl.
Other delisted free agents looking for a second chance from Saturday include Taylor Hunt (Geelong), Jared Petrenko (Adelaide), Sam Blease (Melbourne) and Shaun McKernan (Adelaide).
What is DS brut?
DS brut is an open source hardware prototyping platform for the Nintendo DS, developed by and for electronics enthusiasts, artists and game developers. By connecting the Nintendo DS to the outer world with UART , GPIO , PWM , ADC , I²C , etc, the game console can be easily hooked up to a variety of sensors (e.g. GPS receivers) and can itself control all different kinds of actuators, servo motors and others.
DS brut combines the Nintendo DS appealing form factor, its ubiquitousness and intuitive interface and finally its affordable price with the flexibility and possibilities of hardware prototyping plattforms like the Arduino. It provides you with a powerful companion for your next project that helps you get many things done without even leaving your NDS code. Have fun!
DS brut is open
Together with the cartridges, we also released a library for easily interfacing the outer world from within your homebrew software program - similar to the way things work with the Arduino. As it is LGPL licensed, you are free to modify it to your specific needs. You also have full access to the embedded microcontroller's firmware, which is also provided as sourcecode and can be easily compiled with free and available tools - meaning that you can modify every aspect of the device if you want to.
VIDEO: San Francisco package thief impersonates UPS delivery man Copyright by KRON - All rights reserved Video
SAN FRANCISCO (KRON) -- A package thief was caught on camera, and now, San Francisco residents are putting out a warning for anyone who gets a call from someone claiming to be a delivery man.
On Tuesday, KRON4 spoke with a woman who is hoping to help others avoid being victims of this crime.
Here's how it works: The man rings the buzzer, claiming to be from UPS.
"Like, I can't pretend that I've never let someone in when they buzz and say they are from UPS," Alamo Square resident Caelyn Casanova said.
It's unclear who let them into this building near Alamo Square, but what residents do know is that the following day, their packages were missing.
"We noticed that where there were many packages early that day," Casanova said. "There were none later, and we knew that we had packages there, but they weren't there."
It happened on a weekday at about 9:40 p.m. No one saw them that night, but the cameras recorded everything.
"It's so infuriating because yeah, I guess you can do that, but Jesus, like taking advantage of people's trust, and you know people are trying to get their packages and stuff," Casanova said.
Casanova was waiting for a package that was stolen that day.
Now, they hope others will also learn the lesson.
"I do hope that people just become more aware that this is a growing problem," Casanova said.
The building manager said they get about 10 to 20 packages a day--a number that has dramatically increased over the years.
"If somebody was waiting for something special, something expensive, that's a huge bummer for them," Casanova said.
Residents are asking anyone who recognizes the man in the video to contact the police.
Women Still Need Folic Acid Supplements To Prevent Birth Defects
toggle caption Mary Altaffer/AP
If you can get pregnant, you should be popping at least one pill a day: a folic acid supplement to lower the risk of a type of serious birth defect in any future offspring.
So says the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, which Tuesday reiterated its 2009 recommendation that all women who can conceive take 400 to 800 micrograms daily of the B vitamin in case their diet isn't providing enough of it.
Back in 1991, a study found that folic acid supplementation greatly reduced the risk of neural tube defects, a type of birth defect that includes anencephaly and spina bifida. In 1992, the U.S. Public Health Service recommended that women take 400 micrograms as a daily supplement. And starting in 1998, to reach more women, the FDA required that manufacturers fortify cereal and other enriched grains with folic acid, which is the synthetic version of vitamin B9.
Fortification was associated with a drop in neural tube defects, from 10.7 cases per 10,000 live births before fortification to seven cases after fortification, the USPSTF says. (It's not clear how much of that decline was due to fortification.) And not all of these defects are caused by a folate deficiency, so it's not known how that number would change if every woman had enough in the critical early days in pregnancy, often before a woman realizes they are pregnant.
Despite the unknowns, "the evidence is pretty clear that [supplementation] reduces risk ... and it's strong enough that all women who can potentially become pregnant should take it," says Alex Kemper, a pediatrician and member of the Task Force. The recommendation was published in JAMA, the journal of the American Medical Associaition.
For some women, eating fortified foods may do the job, but for others that may not be enough, says Joseph Biggio, who chairs the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists' Committee on Genetics. "It's highly diet-dependent," they say. Women on gluten-free or low-carb diets may not be eating fortified grain products. Nor may many be getting enough sources of folate, the naturally occurring version of vitamin B9, including dark, leafy green vegetables, beef liver and beans.
Adolescents as well as ethnic minorities may be at particular risk of deficiency, says Biggio. (Last year the FDA allowed manufacturers to fortify foods made from corn masa, to help prevent birth defects among Hispanic women.) To be safe, ACOG recommends supplementation of 400 micrograms a day.
The neural tube is a part of the embryo that eventually forms the brain and spinal cord. "Picture a pancake that rolls up and forms a tube. That's literally how it forms," says James Mills, a pediatrician and epidemiologist at the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, who wrote an editorial in JAMA accompanying the recommendations.
That closure happens within 28 days of conception, leaving a short window for women to benefit from supplementation. Not much is known about how the vitamin actually helps prevent defects. So it's unclear, for example, whether a woman who ate a lot of fortified cereal and bread before conception would be OK, or whether they need to be consistently taking in some form of vitamin B9 throughout those 28 days, says Mills.
Because the critical developmental stage comes so soon after conception, the USPSTF, ACOG and other groups recommend that all women who might become pregnant should take a supplement, not just those who are planning to conceive. Almost half of pregnancies in the U.S. are unplanned, according to the Guttmacher Institute.
Folic acid is available as an individual supplement or as part of a multivitamin. Just check the label to make sure it contains at least 400 micrograms, advises Kemper.
The USPSTF found little evidence of serious harm from folic acid supplementation in women of childbearing age, they say.
One known problem is that it can mask a vitamin B12 deficiency anemia in elderly people, says Mills. For that reason, the Institute of Medicine recommends 1,000 micrograms as an upper limit of folic acid consumption from supplements and fortified foods.
Katherine Hobson is a freelance health and science writer based in Brooklyn, N.Y. She's on Twitter: @katherinehobson.
Spider-Man and Batman are two of my all-time favorite Characters....which lead me to have this idea for a while of combing both of what I love about Spider-Man and Batman and combine the both of the 2 worlds together. So I came up with these designs for fun!! this is Devilwing which is a combo of Marvel Comics Daredevil and DC Comics Nightwing!! I have a list of other characters already sketched out so stay tuned!! Let me know what you guys think!!
Also please do not post character Ideas in the comments!! I already have a list of characters that I'm working off of and I don't want to look like I stole or borrowed anybody's ideas, Thanks!!
*Daredevil is property of Marvel Comics
**Nightwing is Property of DC Comics
John Keatley keatleyphoto.com
A May 25 KOAT news report about a YouTube spoof was evidence enough that the county commissioner's controversy is fading into parody. The video depicted a condiment-squirting hot dog running for office.
Wiener capitalized on the clip, telling the news station that the satire shows they can really “cut the mustard.” The anchors looked amused. With primary election day approaching and Wiener running for a second term in District 4, “it might just be that all publicity is good publicity," said reporter Todd Unger.
The photos may have been useful to the commissioner, training the spotlight on them during election season. But Fields Avenue, the red-light district of Angeles City in the Philippines, remains a dark place. That's where Seattle photographer John Keatley got two shots of Wiener posing with young Pinay women on the street. In front of the Texas-themed bar that caught Wiener's eye, the girls from the photo are presumably still standing there every night, still smiling.
“What I wonder is why anyone who drives through Malate late at night, anyone who goes to Fields Avenue or parts of Cebu, would question the fact that these places exist.” The U.S. ambassador to the Philippines, Harry K. Thomas Jr.
Beyond the Hype
David Maddox is the director of Release, an Albuquerque nonprofit that advocates for stronger laws to combat human trafficking statewide. They contend “it goes without saying” that the Philippines is among the most favored worldwide destinations for men seeking sex with prostitutes.
Wiener sat down for an endorsement interview with the Alibi the week that the photos broke. They said they visit the Philippines every year to see their young daughter, and they had a different take on the country's reputation as a pivotal site for commercial sex. “I don't really know anything about it, other than what I've just looked at on the Internet over the past couple of days,” they said. “I think there's a lot of hype there, and it's probably blown out of proportion. People have their own agendas, and I think sometimes they use things to fit their agenda.”
There is plenty of evidence that the problem is more than hype. Conduct a simple Internet search for Fields Avenue, Angeles City, and up pop sex tourism guides on how to negotiate the cheapest price for various sex acts with bar girls. Such anecdotal results are backed up by hard facts, many of which point to a high degree of involuntary participation in the trade—sex slavery.
The International Labor Organization, an agency affiliated with the United Nations, reported in January that large numbers of Filipinas are trafficked internally and worldwide for prostitution or forced labor. Humantrafficking.org says despite Philippine laws against the sex trade, “hundreds of victims are subjected to forced prostitution each day in well-known and highly visible business establishments that cater to both domestic and foreign demand.”
The U.S. ambassador to the Philippines, Harry K. Thomas Jr., riled the country's leadership in the fall when they said while officials claimed there was no underage sex trade on Fields Avenue, they helped activist organizations rescue more than a hundred children who were working as prostitutes.
“What I wonder,” Thomas said, “is why anyone who drives through Malate late at night, anyone who goes to Fields Avenue or parts of Cebu, would question the fact that these places exist.”
A Troubled Past
The story of the Angeles City sex trade, like the story of Wiener's controversial photographs, begins with Americans far from home. From the end of World War II until the damaging eruption of Mount Pinatubo in 1991, the Philippines played a major strategic role for the U.S. military.
Clark Air Base, with its veritable city of young GIs accustomed to rowdy “rest and relaxation,” was the main economic driver for the surrounding area. And Angeles City, just outside the base gates, swelled with bars and clubs, many of them well-known for peddling cheap sex with local girls who had little hope of finding livelihoods elsewhere. In order to keep boys in uniform healthy, the U.S. military sponsored hygiene clinics where prostitutes underwent regular STI screenings.
“We have court cases against the bar operators when we rescued minors from the clubs—but to no avail. The justice system is nonfunctional.” Father Shay Cullen
Today, the Air Force base is devoid of soldiers. But the vacuum that opened when the U.S. military left was quickly filled by a growing global sex industry. Women from the Philippine countryside flocked to big cities for work, hoping to send money home to their families, and often ended up in the sex trade. The streets of Angeles City were soon teeming with older tourists from Australia, Sweden, Korea, Japan and the U.S.
The sex industry brings significant economic benefit to the area—including to the many white, Western club owners who propagate racist fantasies about Filipinas and reap the majority of profits. But human rights advocates say it comes at a cost to the women and children who work there.
Husband and wife Curtis and Grace Romjue are the reason two photographers from Seattle ran into Commissioner Wiener in Angeles City. Their nonprofit organization hired John Keatley and filmmaker Eric Becker to document a pilot project: Arts Aftercare introduces art therapy curriculum to organizations that rehabilitate survivors of sexual exploitation.
Curtis says the demeanor of Angeles City bar girls can mislead outsiders. “Why are they smiling and look like they're having a good time? If they're there and making money, then in that moment they're putting their game face on,” they say. “If they're smiling and flirty, they're more likely to make money. ... When they're in that situation, it does look like they're having a good time.”
John Keatley keatleyphoto.com
“Many of them are stunted in their development, so even though they might be 18 they might be more like a 9-year-old as far as their ability to emotionally interact with other people,” says Grace. “There are people who say that they chose to do it, and, ‘Look, she's smiling.' And every case is different. But every aftercare center we went to is proof of the opposite.”
Curtis and Grace agree with some sex workers' rights activists who assert that there are practical distinctions between voluntary and forced sex work. There is a circumstantial difference between a young woman on Fields Avenue who chooses to leave with a customer for a small bar fee, Curtis says, and a young woman sold into servitude in one of the hidden, underground brothels on the margins of Angeles City.
Grace adds that all forms of the sex trade there are linked: “There might be those establishments where the girls are over 18 and get their IDs checked. But with all those people traveling there for that one purpose—the sex industry—obviously you're going to get underground businesses, which are very, very dangerous and hurtful to the community.”
Father Shay Cullen, a Nobel Peace Prize nominee who heads the long-standing Preda Foundation, has worked for decades to raise awareness about at-risk, poverty-stricken children in the Philippines. They witnessed firsthand the effects of the sex trade on women and children in Olongapo, another former U.S. military hub. Cullen regularly testifies that the Philippine government lacks the will to do anything about severe instances of abuse.
“We have court cases against the bar operators when we rescued minors from the clubs—but to no avail. The justice system is nonfunctional,” writes Cullen in an email interview. “The foreigners are special. They go free. Impunity is the run of the day, although there are social workers and undercover police trying to catch the sex abusers and tourists with minors. ... We get some convictions, but never enough.”
Act Locally
Maddox of Release (short for Restore Everyone's Liberty Everywhere Abolish Slavery and Exploitation) did volunteer work for months with the New Mexico attorney general's human trafficking task force and is the leader on Albuquerque's task force. They found themselves frustrated by politicos grandstanding about the Wiener photographs.
“Their inaction is just as bad as their actions,” says Maddox. They say the issues raised by the photographs have particular resonance because human trafficking and sexual exploitation is taking place on a local level. Policymakers could choose to make a real difference, Maddox says.
Both Albuquerque and New Mexico lag behind in taking measures to limit risks for strip club dancers and other sex workers, they say. The City Council faced opposition to its Sexually Oriented Business Ordinance in the last couple of months from club owners and the American Civil Liberties Union. The measure would require that records be kept—subject to inspection by the city—to prevent the employment of anyone underage. The local chapter of the ACLU said depending on the detail in those records, that rule could violate the Constitution. The bill might be voted on later in the summer.
John Keatley keatleyphoto.com
They say the schools require johns to receive education about vice stings, the legal ramifications of supporting prostitution, human trafficking, violence prevention and sex therapy. They could be instituted here if there was enough political will, they add. “New Mexico is the only state in the Southwest that doesn't have a single john school,” says Maddox. “Even Las Vegas has one.”
Securing such measures would require the work of citizens and policymakers, says Maddox. “It's hard to see people and politicians attacking Wiener when they're not doing anything about the issue themselves,” they add.
Meanwhile, photographs on Keatley's blog have generated a heated chain of comments. They say the potential photographs have for raising awareness about the complexity of the commercial sex trade is important—though he's bothered by readers justifying Angeles sex tourism as harmless.
“For people to say, ‘Oh, those girls are smiling and having a good time, leave them alone'—Well, I don't know those girls and their stories. But I do know that all of the girls on that street are smiling. It's called survival,” they say. “We all do things we don't want to do in our jobs. These women have to smile. The alternative doesn't look great for them.”
John Keatley keatleyphoto.com
When Keatley proposed the idea of formal portraits, the center staff warned them that most of the women would likely not be comfortable being photographed—that maybe only one or two would be willing to sit for him. But after talking it over, all of the women agreed. Keatley says they and Becker made a big production of the shoot, setting up special lights and reflectors.
“We heard the next day that some of the women said it was the first time they ever felt beautiful,” they say.
The portraits show ordinary women in jeans and T-shirts. Their expressions look unforced and natural. One woman has short, unruly hair and an open grin. One looks past the camera to something in the distance. A few women are obviously shy. Not all of them are smiling.
It's that time again: the day when Jim Murray reveals their favourite whiskies in the world. The results of their Whisky Bible 2018 have just been announced, and the winner of the top prize hails from the USA:
Jim's not a man to mince words, with their press release hailing the whiskey's ‘sheer undiluted beauty':
‘Nothing could match the astonishing beauty of its surprisingly delicate weight and complexity combined. It was though time stood still in the tasting room; I just knew…'
The Colonel EH Taylor Four Grain is the latest in the Buffalo-Trace-made line of small batch releases, drawing inspiration from Colonel Taylor's time as a grain trader during the American Civil war. It's made using a mashbill of corn, rye, wheat and malted barley – the four grains of the name – and has been picking up great reviews since it launched in April 2017.
Producer's Tasting Notes:
Opens with an inviting aroma, with the first sip bringing a lot of character. Caramel notes are touched by sweet vanilla and caramel corn, then underwritten by slightly smoky flavors and oak tannins. It maintains a smooth evenness between the four grains interacting with the charred oak barrel. Overall, a nice balance, and unique.
Jim's second and third favourite whiskies are better known to followers of The Whisky Bible: Redbreast 21 and Glen Grant 18. The Redbreast has been at the top of Jim's Irish Whiskey awards since it arrived on the scene a few years back, and Glen Grant 18 was Jim's second place whisky last year. Both are worthy winners and more readily available than the EH Taylor.
Tasting notes by Stuart Peskett, The Whisky Exchange:
Nose: Rather closed and restrained; takes time to unravel. Tightly knit malt, lots of spiciness lurking underneath.
Palate: Mint and menthol appear from nowhere, along with a big, rich spiciness, and suddenly you realise the complexity you're dealing with: cinnamon and clove, apple, mango, biscuit, oats, white pepper, but all well defined and distinct.
Finish: Very long lasting, with the spices and fruit all lingering. This needs time to contemplate.
Producer's Tasting Notes:
Nose: Rich and floral with oaky overtones and hints of baking spices
Palate: Malty caramel, delicate, dried raisins and vanilla
Finish: Long, sweet with hints of nuts and spice
You can order Jim Murray's Whisky Bible 2018 and find all the category winners both below and over in our Jim Murray's Whisky Bible 2018 page on The Whisky Exchange website.
The Full Winners List
2018 World Whisky of the Year
Colonel E.H. Taylor 4 Grain Bourbon
Second Finest Whisky in the World
Redbreast Aged 21 Years
Third Finest Whisky in the World
Glen Grant Aged 18 Years
Scotch Whisky
Scotch Whisky of the Year
Glen Grant Aged 18 Years Rare Edition
Single Malt of the Year (Multiple Casks)
Glen Grant Aged 18 Years Rare Edition
Single Malt of the Year (Single Cask)
Cadenhead's Glendullan 20 Year Old
Scotch Blend of the Year
Compass Box The Double Single
Scotch Grain of the Year
Cambus Aged 40 Years
Scotch Vatted Malt of the Year
Compass Box 3 Year Old Deluxe
Single Malt Scotch Whisky
No Age Statement (Multiple Casks)
Ardbeg Corryvreckan
10 Years & Under (Multiple Casks)
Glen Grant Aged 10 Years
10 Years & Under (Single Cask)
Scotch Malt Whisky Society Tomatin Cask 11.32 8 Year Old
11-15 Years (Multiple Casks)
Gordon & MacPhail Ardmore 2002
11-15 Years (Single Cask)
That Boutique-y Co. Clynelish 15 Year Old
16-21 Years (Multiple Casks)
Glen Grant Aged 18 Years Rare Edition
16-21 Years (Single Cask)
The First Editions Ardmore Aged 20 Years
22-27 Years (Multiple Casks)
Sansibar Whisky Glen Moray 25 Years Old
22-27 Years (Single Cask)
Hunter Laing's Old & Rare Auchentoshan 24 Year Old
28-34 Years (Multiple Casks)
Glen Castle Aged 28 Years
28-34 Years (Single Cask)
Old Particular Glenturret 28 Year Old
35-40 Years (Multiple Casks)
Brora Aged 38 Years
35-40 Years (Single Cask)
Xtra Old Particular Caol Ila 36 Year Old
41 Years & Over (Multiple Casks)
Gordon & MacPhail Glen Grant 1957
Blended Scotch
No Age Statement (Standard)
Ballantine's Finest
No Age Statement (Premium)
Compass Box The Double Single
5-12 Years
Grant's Aged 12 Years
13-18 Years
Ballantine's Aged 17 Years
19 – 25 Years
Royal Salute 21 Years Old
26 – 50 Years
The Antiquary Aged 35 Years
Irish Whiskey
Irish Whiskey of the Year
Redbreast Aged 21 Years
Irish Pot Still Whiskey of the Year
Redbreast Aged 21 Years
Irish Single Malt of the Year
Bushmills 16 Year Old
Irish Blend of the Year
Bushmills Black Bush
Irish Single Cask of the Year
Dunville's VR First Edition Aged 15 Years
American Whiskey
Bourbon of the Year
Colonel E.H. Taylor Four Grain
Rye of the Year
Thomas H. Handy Sazerac 126.2 Proof
US Micro Whisky of the Year
Balcone's Texas Blue Corn Batch BCB 16-1
US Micro Whisky of the Year (Runner-Up)
291 E Colorado Aged 333 Days Bourbon
No Age Statement (Multiple Barrels)
George T. Stagg 144.1 Proof
9 Years & Under
Buffalo Trace Experimental Collection Organic 6 Grain Whisky
10 Years & Over (Multiple Barrels)
Colonel E.H. Taylor Four Grain
Rye
No Age Statement
Thomas H. Handy Sazerac 126.2 Proof
Up to 10 Years
Pikesville 110 Proof
11 Years & Over
Sazerac 18 Years Old
Wheat
Wheat Whiskey of the Year
Bernheim Original
Canadian Whisky
Canadian Whisky of the Year
Crown Royal Northern Harvest Rye
Japanese Whisky
Japanese Whisky of the Year
Nikka Coffey Malt Whisky
Single Malt of the Year (Multiple Barrels)
Nikka Coffey Malt Whisky
European Whisky
European Whisky of the Year (Multiple)
Penderyn Bryn Terfel (Wales)
European Whisky of the Year (Single)
The Norfolk Parched (England)
World Whisky
Asian Whisky of the Year
Paul John Kanya (India)
Southern Hemisphere Whisky of the Year
Limeburner's Dark Winter (Australia)
Dec. 2 — Regulators are looking at whether blockchain technology that uses encrypted databases or ledgers to record and authenticate transactions can help monitor global financial systems for systemic risk.
R3 CEV, a financial services technology company backed by JPMorgan Chase & Co., Bank of America Corp., Wells Fargo & Co. and other large banks, has discussed with regulators the possibility of using blockchain technologies, said Charley Cooper, the firm's managing director. Cooper told Bloomberg BNA that regulators in jurisdictions around the world have raised the issue at meetings scheduled for other purposes.
“We realized there was an appetite for, and I would suggest a significant appetite for, some sort of ledger structure that would allow regulators to have a view into the world of finance,” Cooper, a former chief operating officer at the Commodity Futures Trading Commission, told Bloomberg BNA. “It's still early days. We haven't designed exactly what that might look like, but it's definitely something that's factored into our thinking and it's something that is driving a number of different regulatory conversations we've been having globally,” Cooper said.
Marco Santori, an attorney who leads the digital currency and blockchain technology team at Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, told Bloomberg BNA that they have talked with regulators about the potential use of blockchain technology to monitor financial systems. “They're absolutely interested in it,” they said.
Spokesmen for the Treasury Department, Federal Reserve System and the Financial Stability Board declined to comment on the matter. JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Bank of America and other banks involved in the R3 consortium also declined to comment.
Monitoring Tool
It's possible to construct private blockchains—distributed databases or ledgers shared by self-selected organizations—in which invited counterparties could report trading activity while keeping individual trading positions confidential, Cooper said.
Regulators accessing such a database could be given access to all of the positions entered on the database, enabling them to monitor entire markets almost instantaneously, they said. Regulators ultimately would determine what to do with the information.
Montreal-based Blocksteam is developing open-source software allowing counterparties to keep confidential information about limited types of transactions while electing to share transaction data with a third party, such as a compliance officer, legal team or a regulator, Austin Hill, the firm's chief executive officer, told Bloomberg BNA. The software, which could likely be expanded to monitor debt and equities markets, might even be designed to prevent certain transactions from occurring such as transactions deemed too risky, they said.
Hill and others said that while the technology is promising, its use by financial regulators is not imminent. “I think we are a little bit away from that being in full production with full systemic risk analysis. But when it gets there, you're talking about real-time systemic views of everything that's happening,” TradeBlock partner Greg Schvey told Bloomberg BNA.
But some agencies have certainly taken notice. “While I am not advocating for the adoption or effectiveness of blockchain technology, it appears to offer potential. One can imagine a world in which securities lending, repo, and margin financing are all traceable through blockchain's transparent and open approach to tracking transactions,” Securities and Exchange Commissioner Kara Stein said in prepared remarks Nov. 9 at Harvard Law School. “That could revolutionize regulators' approach to monitoring systemic risk in these areas, including the oversight of collateral reuse, to name just one potential use,” they said.
Integration Concerns
Concerns about trustworthiness and security issues, as well as the amount of work needed to change their existing infrastructure, have made some banks reluctant to embrace the technology. Cooper and others said it may be possible for banks to continue using their legacy trading systems and integrate a separate system solely used to monitor systemic risk.
At this stage, many banks are focusing on emerging technologies, including blockchain technologies, as a way to reduce costs and settlement times, which in itself reduces risk, Reuben Grinberg, Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP associate and former trading software programmer, told Bloomberg BNA.
The promise of the technology is evident, however, to several specialists. If the technology develops as envisioned, “it would actually be extremely easy to have full audit trails, automatic reporting and automation of other regulatory functions and analysis,” said TradeBlock's Schvey, whose company provides execution and analytical tools to institutions utilizing blockchain technology.
R3 CEV is a financial innovation firm that has partnered with 30 of the world's largest banks to design and deliver advanced distributed ledger technologies to the financial markets. Financial institutions associated with the project include Goldman Sachs & Co., Morgan Stanley and Citigroup Inc. as well as non-U.S. banking institutions such as Deutsche Bank, ING Bank, National Australia Bank and Nordea Bank.
To contact the reporter on this story: Stephen Joyce in New York at sjoyce@bna.com
To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mike Ferullo in Washington at mferullo@bna.com
Copyright by WATE - All rights reserved Stephen Stokes (source: Blount County Detention Center)
Copyright by WATE - All rights reserved Stephen Stokes (source: Blount County Detention Center)
WATE 6 On Your Side staff - MARYVILLE (WATE) - A Blount County man was arrested after a domestic dispute between their girlfriend and their nephew Friday.
Stephen E. Stokes, 47, was charged with domestic violence with assault. According to the incident report, the charges stem from a fight between Stokes and their girlfriend at their Maryville home.
The woman told officers Stokes accused them of having an online dating profile, became angry and left the house before the fight got physical. When they returned home a couple hours later, they said they continued fighting.
When an adult nephew arrived at the house, the woman said they told them not to come inside. They said Stokes went outside to yell at the nephew. While Stokes was outside, they said they locked the door.
The woman said Stokes went to the neighbors house and came back at around 11:00 p.m. They said the nephew was in their room at the house.
The girlfriend said they told Stokes they were going to call 911, but they told them if they called they would "burn the house down." They told officers when they reached for the phone Stokes grabbed a taco and smeared it on their face, pushing them down the hall.
After they yelled for the nephew to call 911, the woman said Stokes threatened to hurt the nephew. When they called the neighbors, they said Stokes attacked him. After realizing they couldn't stop the attack, the woman said they went to the neighbor's house for help.
Investigators found taco remnants on the victim's face and shirt. The woman had a small cut on their lip and their nephew had red skin on their neck, according to the police.
Police said Stokes stated they had "extreme anger problems" when they were questioned at the residence. The officer also observed Stokes had a strong odor of alcohol.
Stokes was transported to the Blount County Jail. They also had warrants out for their arrest.
SAN FRANCISCO — California education officials took the first step this week toward complying with a law that requires public schools to include prominent gay people and gay rights' milestones in the curriculum, adopting a set of classroom material guidelines that prohibit “pejorative descriptions” based on sexual orientation and gender identity.
The California Board of Education on Wednesday unanimously approved new standards stating that textbooks, workbooks and other teaching materials purchased with state funds must avoid “descriptions, depictions, labels, or rejoinders that tend to demean, stereotype, or patronize individuals” who are gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender.
“Materials should not convey the impression that persons of gay, lesbian, or bisexual orientation, or transgender identity, are any different from other people in their emotions or their ability to love and be loved,” the standards read.
The criteria will be use d by the state over the next few years to guide the adoption of new materials, which also will be evaluated to ensure they include the contributions of prominent gay and transgender people when it would be historically accurate to do so, California Department of Education spokesperson Paul Heffner said.
“A local district can make a decision of what materials are appropriate for use in their schools, but if they want to use state instructional materials, funds, they would have to choose them from materials on a state-adopted list developed using these social content standards,” Heffner said.
The standards were last updated in 2000 and did not previously include a section outlining how sexual minorities are to be portrayed in the books and other resources handed out to students.
The changes adopted this week were made in part to implement a first-in-nation bill, passed by the California Legislature and signed by Gov. Jerry Brown in 2011, requiring schools to teach the contributions of gay, lesbian and disabled people in social studies lessons.
The legislation, known as SB48, also prohibited the adoption of any materials that reflect adversely on gays or particular religions. It was supposed to take effect in January 2012, but because of budget cuts that have put state textbook funds on hold until 2015, few districts have moved to implement it.
The Capitol Resource Institute, a religious conservative group, mounted two unsuccessful efforts to qualify a ballot measure overturning the law, but was unable to secure the necessary signatures.
Article continues below
Gay-Straight Alliance Network Executive Director Carolyn Laub, whose San Francisco-based group supported the law and helped lobby for its passage, said Friday that the state school board's support “sends a really powerful statement” and they hope and expects school districts will move voluntarily in coming months to make sure that materials purchased with local dollars conform with the new guidelines.
“Our students have said to us, ‘The only time I ever learned or saw any gay person ever reflected in any materials is when we learned about the AIDS epidemic,'” Laub said. “We need to make sure all curricular materials, regardless of subject, need to reflect the diversity of California and cannot perpetuate stereotypes and reflect adversely on any group.”
The state school board also approved a change, under the section dealing with racial and ethnic groups, replacing an anachronistic reference to “American Negroes” with “African Americans.”
© 2013, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
Colorado Springs-based Focus on the Family gave $727,250 in cash and services to the anti-gay marriage Proposition 8 campaign in California, according to records released by the California secretary of state, including a $100,000 check in late October, just days before the evangelical media empire announced it planned to lay off nearly 20 percent of its employees
While there has been public scrutiny of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints for its attempts to influence the campaign to reverse a California Supreme Court ruling allowing gay and lesbian couples to marry, Focus on the Family and related donors pumped more than six times as much as the Mormon church did into the ProtectMarriage.com campaign, records show.
Altogether, donations supporting Proposition 8 from Focus on the Family, one of its major benefactors and an offshoot lobbying organization totaled more than $1.251 million — just shy of the $1.275 million contributed by ProtectMarriage.com's largest donor, the Knights of Columbus, the Connecticut-based political arm of the Catholic Church. In addition to $727,250 reported by Focus on the Family, major backer and board member Elsa Prince, the billionaire heiress of Holland, Mich., donated $450,000 to ProtectMarriage.com in two cash chunks and the Washington, D.C.-based Family Research Council, a Christian-right lobbying organization spun off from Focus on the Family and founded in part by Prince's foundation, chipped in $74,400.
“People are keenly aware of how much money was put in by the hate groups,” said Rick Jacobs, chair and founder of the Courage Campaign, a progressive California organization leading the charge to overturn Proposition 8 in court. “It's good to get the facts finally out about how much Focus did put in.”
The Mormon church donated $189,000 in nonmonetary expenditures — mostly staff time and airline tickets — to help pass the ballot measure, according to the latest disclosure from the California secretary of state. The church remains “under investigation” by the California Fair Political Practices Commission after a complaint was filed against the church by the anti-Proposition 8 group Californians Against Hate, the Salt Lake Tribune reported Monday.
“One of the reasons the Courage Campaign highlighted the role of the leadership of the Mormon church in this campaign,” Jacobs said, “is that people do not like outside interference. They certainly don't like having right-wing religious organizations telling them how to live their lives.”
The Proposition 8 campaign was the most expensive social-issue ballot question in national history at just over $83 million, with proponents of the marriage ban raising $40 million and opponents raising $43 million, California election records show. Voters approved the measure with 52 percent of the vote, but both sides are arguing the constitutionality of the measure in state court.
Focus on the Family donated more to the Proposition 8 campaign than has been reported, The Colorado Independent has found. A widely reported sum of “$657,000 in money and services” donated toward the ballot measure by Focus falls short of the total, failing to account for contributions made by the organization as long ago as November 2007 when Focus on the Family helped seed ProtectMarriage.com with a $50,000 cash contribution. The evangelical group spent another $35,650 in December 2007 supporting the anti-gay marriage group with Web ads, e-mail blasts, radio broadcasts, printing and postage, according to a disclosure form filed with the California secretary of state. Total 2008 contributions from Focus on the Family to the Proposition 8 campaign were $641,600, according to disclosure forms filed in January and made available to the public a week ago. A Focus on the Family spokesperson didn't return a call seeking comment.
In addition — though apart from the $727,250 spent directly to pass Proposition 8 — Focus on the Family donated $14,915 in 2007 to the Save Our Kids referendum to overturn a California law that says “no teacher shall give instruction nor shall a school district sponsor any activity that promotes a discriminatory bias because of” homosexuality, transsexuality, bisexuality, or transgender status. That campaign didn't make it to the ballot, but was a precursor to the Proposition 8 campaign. “After much prayer, consideration and consultation,” Save Our Kids organizers wrote on their Web site, the group decided to “suspend the Save Our Kids campaign to allow our staff and supporters to dedicate themselves to the Marriage amendment (Proposition 8).”
“We were disgusted that a group like Focus on the Family would take people's money and dump it into a campaign here in California to try to take rights away from people,” Jacobs said, although they tempered their disgust with delight at the layoffs that hit the ministry right after the election. “There is a decreasing market for hate,” they said, “and I think that's what Focus on the Family is reaping right now.”
Focus on the Family announced on Nov. 17 that it planned to cut 202 jobs companywide, dropping the number of employees to about 950, The Colorado Independent reported. It was only the latest in a series of layoffs and cutbacks suffered by the Christian ministry, which also supports a massive CD, DVD, radio and Web-based enterprise. At its height, the organization, which has its own ZIP code in Colorado Springs, employed more than 1,500 people.
Michigan-based auto-parts heiress Elsa Prince — whose son, Erik Prince, is the founder and CEO of Blackwater Worldwide, the controversial private security firm with annual contracts in Iraq and Afghanistan worth an estimated $500 million — has been closely tied to Focus on the Family for decades. They and their late husband, Edgar, have been key benefactors to Focus and its lobbying arm, the Family Research Council, whose lavish headquarters was financed by Elsa as a memorial after their husband died.
“Anybody who is investing in Focus in the Family ought to understand it's an investment in a losing organization,” Jacobs said. “In the course of time, they'll become as extinct as the wooly mammoth.”
Authorities are looking for a man they say abducted their two sons in New Jersey - and may be in our area.
Authorities say 36-year-old Kristopher Dohm may be with 7-year-old Jaxon Dohm and 8-year-old Parker Dohm.
Jaxon is 4'1” with blue eyes and weighs about 60 pounds while Parker is 4'5”, has hazel eyes and weighs 60 pounds.
The trio all has brown hair, but authorities believe the children and their father may have shaved heads.
Kristopher also has a barbed wire tattoo on their right arm and a tattoo on their left calf.
The Sussex County Prosecutor's Office in New Jersey believes they may be in Fernley, Lake Tahoe or Las Vegas area. Dohm allegedly abducted their sons from New Jersey in early February. CBS New York tells us an AMBER Alert was issued for the children.
Authorities believe the trio may be traveling in a 2009 grey Nissan Pathfinder with a New Jersey license plate K15DXS on the front and New Jersey license plate ZKL24F on the back. Authorities say the car may also have New Jersey license plates S17CKV.
A federal warrant for Unlawful Flight to Avoid Prosecution was issued on February 20, 2015.
Michael Zagaris/Getty Images
The San Francisco 49ers announced Monday they released fullback Bruce Miller after authorities in San Francisco arrested them for an alleged assault.
KTVU's Tara Moriarty first reported news of the arrest before the San Francisco Police Department later confirmed it, per Matt Keller of ABC 7.
On Thursday, Matthias Gafni of the Bay Area News Group reported Miller was charged with a total of seven felonies and a misdemeanor.
According to USA Today, citing the San Francisco district attorney's office, Miller was charged with the following:
The San Francisco district attorney's office has charged Miller with one count of felony assault with a deadly weapon (which, according to multiple reports, was a cane), one count of felony assault with force likely to cause great bodily injury, one felony count of inflicting injury on an elder/dependent adult likely to cause great bodily injury, one felony count of battery with serious bodily injury, two felony counts of criminal threats, one felony count of assault with force likely to cause great bodily injury and one misdemeanor count of battery.
Nick Wagoner of ESPN added Miller was being held on a $178,000 bond, which they later posted, per Matt Barrows of the Sacramento Bee.
According to Michelle Toy of KTVU, Miller allegedly attacked a guest of the Fisherman's Wharf Marriott Hotel on Monday. They also allegedly punched the guest's 70-year-old father, who suffered broken bones. Miller had tried to check in to the hotel Sunday but was told it had no available rooms.
KTVU's report stated Miller returned Monday morning and "knocked on one of the guest-room doors," which was occupied by an elderly couple. The couple's son, who was in a neighboring room, told Miller they "had the wrong room." At that point, Miller allegedly attacked them before the guest's father "came to their son's aid" and was attacked as well.
Moriarty shared a video that reveals what appears to be Miller after the alleged altercation:
NBC Bay Area's Lisa Fernandez, Brendan Weber and Mark Matthews reported Miller was found at a Travelodge across the street where front-desk manager Dinesh Shrestha "found the former fullback in jogging pants and a tank top, alone, vomiting and bleeding from the head outside the hotel in a stairwell. Miller was alone at the time and told Shrestha that 'he was good.' But Shrestha called 911 anyway."
The 49ers selected Miller in the seventh round of the 2011 draft, and they played 77 regular-season games for the team.
In June 2015, they pleaded no contest to a charge of disturbing the peace after they had been arrested in March for an alleged domestic incident.
The conservative West Australian state government has taken the lead over the rest of the country and instructed its state-owned utility to shut down 380MW of fossil fuel capacity in the next two years. It seems certain that much of this will be ageing coal-fired generation.
The decision was announced by WA energy minister and treasurer Mike Nahan as they deal with the extraordinary excesses and perverse market incentives that have created a budgetary nightmare for the state – with the annual cost of electricity delivery more than $500 million more than the state-owned utilities can recoup from users.
Nahan, a former head of the arch-conservative Institute of Public Affairs, praised the role of rooftop solar and the likely benefits of battery storage in helping deliver the reforms announced on Thursday, following a two-year review of the state's energy markets.
Nahan made three big decisions in seeking to address the huge over-capacity of more than 1,000MW in generation assets, and the massive payments to fossil fuel peaking generators that are rarely if ever used, and equally generous payments to large consumers who rarely if ever had to turn down their demand.
The first decision will be to require Synergy, the state-owned generator and retailer, to shut 380MW of excess capacity. Analysts expect this to include the 240MW Muja A and B unit at Collie, which underwent a costly and controversial upgrade just a few years ago.
The second decision is to slash the return on so-called demand-side management. DSM, as it is known, offers returns to users who agree to turn down demand when supply is short.
It is mostly considered a good thing, but the way it was structured in WA meant that $430 million had been handed out to providers, even though their services has been used for a total of just 106 hours on eight occasions – including testing – in the past decade.
The third decision is to gradually ramp down the scale of “capacity payments”, which saw a fleet of gas-fired or diesel-fired peaking power plants built, but rarely if ever used. Instead they received payments merely for being on standby, and in WA those payments were around $120,000 for each MW of capacity per year.
That meant that a 100MW diesel plant – such as the one built near Merredin and highlighted in our story “Dumb and dumber energy choices in WA” – would receive $12 million a year just to be on standby. Some of these plants will likely be shut as the capacity payments are wound back and then replaced with an “auction” system.
Generators in the eastern states, such as AGL Energy, are pushing for capacity payments in the main National Electricity Market, although capacity mechanisms have been dismissed by many as just another subsidy for fossil fuel plant.
Nahan said that their measures and the removal of excess capacity would save around $130 million a year over the next seven years.
Those savings, however, are unlikely to be passed on to consumers, but will be used to reduce the massive government subsidy that supports Synergy each year, and which the WA government can no longer afford due to its declining mineral wealth.
Nahan's moves are in contrast to the stalemate in the NEM, where there is more than 7,000MW of excess base load capacity, but coal-fired plants are refusing to close because of the advantage it might give to rivals, and because of the costs of remediation. Instead, they are calling for handouts to assist with the closure.
There will be no handouts to Synergy, although that utility might reflect on the money spent on refurbishing the aged Muja A&B units at Collie, which seem most likely to be closed. Some ageing and costly gas generators may also be closed.
Nahan, who in their time at the IPA was an avowed skeptic of climate science and renewable energy, was full of praise for the role that solar has taken in “completely revolutionising” the WA energy industry.
On this remarkable web page, “More power to you”, Nahan tells the story of how WA's energy woes began with uncontrolled blackouts in WA (the fault of a dodgy grid and unreliable gas), and how market “reforms” led to an unsustainable energy market.
Nahan says solar has given the government the tools to repair it. They noted that despite a record heat wave and four days of 40°C plus temperatures in February, and record demand of 4,047 MW, demand-side management was not needed.
When the WA grid hit that level around 5pm local time on Feb 9, solar was providing more than 200MW, after contributing more than 300MW for much of the day.
“Solar makes perfect sense, given that Perth is Australia's sunniest major city with around 300 days of sunshine a year,” Nahan said. They also hailed the arrival of battery storage, which will bring the next phase of energy technology.
The West Australian quoted Nahan as admitting it was unlikely a WA government would ever build another coal-fired power station, amid growing gas supplies, demand for solar and changing technology including household batteries and large-scale renewables.
“We are not going to be replacing coal generating capacity,” they said.
Nahan's moves were welcomed by most, although not by DSM providers. While the removal of excess fossil fuel capacity is likely to smooth the way for more large-scale renewable energy projects, there is still concern over the dominance in the market of the state-owned Synergy.
Synergy CEO Jason Waters would not be drawn on which capacity would be withdrawn.
“The retirement of excess capacity is aligned to the business's long term corporate strategy. Synergy is in the process of reviewing the cost efficiency of each of its generation assets to determine the best commercial outcomes for the business and the state and will announce plant retirement plans in due course.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 'I'm often pilloried for saying men and women should be treated equally'
Male victims of domestic violence, sexual assault and unequal pay are often neglected, an MP has said.
Speaking during an International Men's Day debate, Philip Davies said they were "often pilloried for arguing that men and women should be treated equally".
They added: "Men are increasingly getting a bad press, and it needs to be challenged."
During the debate MPs heard that things like the "Homer Simpson stereotype" had undermined the role of fathers.
International Men's Day takes place on 19 November and addresses issues including shorter life expectancy and higher suicide rates among men.
Mr Davies told the debate in Westminster Hall: "In many cases, militant feminists have tried to close down any talk about men and women being treated equally.
"In order to try and close down the debate they hurl abuse at the people who raise these issues in the hope that people will not listen any more to what they say."
They added: "Some people have said that every day is men's day but I think that if anyone looks at the facts that is certainly not the case."
Deputy Lib Dem leader Jo Swinson said men and women should "join forces" to tackle gender inequality.
They added that from a young age, boys grow up thinking it is their job to be the breadwinner.
"The flipside of having roles such as breadwinner and so on is how we value men's role as fathers in our society, because that incredibly important role has often been dismissed and undermined.
"Look at some of the stereotypes in popular culture, such as the Homer Simpson stereotype of dads being a bit hapless and not up to the job. Men are just as capable as women at being parents."
Shadow minister for women and equalities Paula Sherriff said: "There will be some people who will inevitably try to frame this debate around who has it worse, men or women? This is without a doubt juvenile.
"In a grown-up world where most people genuinely want to see progress towards equalities we must recognise that to set this up as a battle of the sexes can only detract from the opportunity International Men's Day offers."
MPs discussed issues such as the high suicide rate among men, the biggest killer of men under 45 in the UK.
Jeremy Lefroy, MP for Stafford, who moved the debate, said: "Men are far less positive about getting formal emotional support for their problems compared with women. And when they do it's at the point of crisis."
They also raised the issue of girls outperforming boys in many aspects of education.
And they added: "I would like to recognise the huge number of men in the UK who work positively every day for their families and their communities, and who actively promote equality not just in their words but in their actions.
"People often ask, 'Where are the male role models who can inspire other men and boys?' The answer is that they are in every community, but they often need to be encouraged to share their experiences - their difficulties as well as their successes.
"By their very nature, good role models are often reticent to speak about themselves and often do not even recognise themselves as role models. They think they are just doing their best, often in difficult circumstances."
Equalities Minister Nick Gibb said the government was committed to tackling gender equality in all its forms.
"The issues raised today go far beyond this debate - they go right across government - and even in 2017 the UK has not yet reached full gender equality. We believe this will benefit everyone, no matter what their gender is," they said.
"Men and women can too often feel held back by what society expects of them, with people prevented from taking opportunities and fulfilling their potential... whether that means fathers who want to spend more time with their children without feeling as though that will hold them back at work, men and boys suffering from mental health problems who are afraid to seek help because of the stigma attached, or male victims of domestic abuse or sexual assault who are worried they will not be taken seriously."
They said the government had invested in mental health and suicide prevention, while acknowledging there was more to be done.
What post-baby bellies REALLY look like... New mothers bare their bodies to protest unattainable celebrity ideals
Idea to photograph their post-baby bodies came after one woman said they were scared to click on a 'Beyonce's Body After Baby' link
A group of working mothers and bloggers have decided to tackle the growing pressure women feel to snap straight back into shape after giving birth.
Baring their own post-baby bodies, seven bloggers from CT Working Moms have embraced their stomachs, in an effort to liberate other women from the unattainable cultural beauty ideals plaguing today's 'bounce-back' obsessed society.
In a photo shoot they have named the Goddess Gallery, the women hope to encourage new mothers to accept, and cherish, their changing bodies despite the ever-growing 'body after baby' celebrity worship, and the suffocating negativity that can come with it.
Baring all: Showing off their own post-baby bodies, seven bloggers from CT Working Moms have embraced their stomachs to liberate other women
Dena Fleno, a blogger for CT Working Moms, wrote: 'A while back, someone mentioned they were scared to click on a link to "Beyonce's Body After Baby." I think we all know what these headlines bring.
'All you have to do is do a simple Google search for "body after baby" and you see these celebrities with their impossible-to-attain-their-normal-size-never-mind-their-post-preggo-size photo spread in the latest gossip mag.'
They continued: 'Those women probably worked really hard to take the baby weight off and more power to them, but we average non-Victoria's Secret models do not have the luxury of Photoshop, airbrushing, personal trainers, private chefs, nannies or several pairs of Spanx. As the wise Katie Schunk stated, "I would be in mad shape if my paycheck depended on it!"'
So the women decided to do a photo shoot of their own, in the hope of encouraging others to embrace and accept different body images outside of the fashion industry's 'ideal'.
Positive body image: The women decided to do a photo shoot, in the hope of encouraging others to embrace and accept different body images outside of the fashion industry's 'ideal'
Goddess Gallery: The mothers decided to tackle the unattainable cultural beauty ideals and celebrity worship plaguing today's Victoria's Secret riddled society
Mrs Fleno wrote: 'It was a completely liberating moment. Some of us started out a bit nervous and shy, but encouraging comments and catcalls from the other ladies... made it easier.
'For me, I know I am far from what I may ultimately want my body to look like, but I know I have never felt more beautiful and accepting of my body.'
They continued: 'This turned out to be more than just a photo shoot to show what real mommy bellies look like or to help us embrace our body image differences - there are a ton of websites out there that already do this.
'This was a gathering of Goddesses.'
Post-baby stomachs: The women admit they are 'far from' their ultimate bodies, but they say they have never felt more beautiful and accepting of their body shapes after the photo shoot
The women called the experience 'freeing, inspiring and powerful.' however they have been honest about the internal negative monologue they still struggle against.
Mrs Fleno wrote: 'I will admit that when I look at pictures of myself (like I'm sure most women do), I pick apart all of the things I wish were different, more sucked in or just smaller. I end up feeling bad about myself and, instead of throwing in a workout DVD, I head to the freezer for a little therapy in an ice cream pint.
'When I looked through the photos of our shoot, I did do a bit of trash talk about my problem areas, but the feeling inside was completely different. I didn't feel depressed, I felt the energy of the night. I felt the joy, love and sisterhood of that moment and again felt beautiful.'
Doctor Ann Kearney-Cooke, a Cincinnati psychologist who specialises in body image said women still have a long way to go in terms of body acceptance.
Girl power: The women called the experience 'freeing, inspiring and powerful.' however they have been honest about the internal negative monologue they still struggle against
Joining in: The women decided to create a Goddess Gallery of their body baring images on the blog, and are encouraging other women to do the same
They said: 'It's become such an accepted norm to put yourself down that if someone says they like their body, she's the odd woman out. I was in a group discussion recently, and when one woman said, "I actually feel OK about the way I look," another woman scrunched up their face and said, "I have never in my whole life heard anyone say that—and I'm not sure I even believe you."
'That's how pervasive this negative body talk is. It's actually more acceptable to insult your body than to praise it.'
The women created a Goddess Gallery of their body baring images on the blog, and are encouraging other women to do the same.
SINGAPORE - The management committee of Sim Lim Square on Monday appealed for help to tackle the problem of errant retailers at the mall, in a desperate move to salvage its reputation.
The management's plea for help comes amid many years of efforts to eradicate errant retailers, or the "black sheep", at its mall, including seeking help from the police, the Consumer Association of Singapore (Case) and the Singapore Tourism Board (STB), the management said in a statement on Monday.
The management's plea for help comes hot on the heels of a recent case where a shop charged a woman a total of $3,000 for an iPhone "bundle". When ordered by the Small Claims Tribunal Court to refund the customer $1,010, the shop handed them the money in coins.
The shop is being investigated by Case, to see if it has violated the Consumer Protection (Fair Trading) Act, according to an earlier report in Lianhe Zaobao.
In the statement on Monday, the management said that although law enforcement officers can be seen at Sim Lim Square "almost every day", the effects seem to be limited.
The errant retailers seem "completely undeterred" as the authorities "appear to lack "teeth" to take them to task, the management said.
"Frequently, it would be the retailer who calls the police and accuses the aggrieved customer of causing a scene at the shop," it added.
"We plead with the authorities to look into this issue seriously and urgently, and to take a tough stand against the recalcitrant retailers," the management said, pledging cooperation in these efforts.
It said that the majority of the shops at Sim Lim Square are running an honest business, and that the mall's reputation is being tarnished by a few recalcitrant retailers.
In an effort to identify these honest businesses, the management had created the STARetailer initiative, whereby retailers who offer honest and satisfactory services are identified by a STARetailer sticker and poster at the shop.
Discussed in this essay:
Letters to Véra, by Vladimir Nabokov. Edited and translated by Olga Voronina and Brian Boyd. Knopf. 864 pages. $40.
Writers produce marital advice of varying emotional fitness and reliability. Hemingway pushed the hunter virtues of ruthlessness and traveling light: “The first great gift for a man is to be healthy and the second, maybe greater, is to fall [in] with healthy women. You can always trade one healthy woman in on another. But start with a sick woman and see where you get.” John Updike, chasing the topic across a library shelf, became a spokesperson for dissatisfaction. “A person who has what they want,” they told The Paris Review, “a satisfied person, a content person, ceases to be a person.” Happiness erases self, powers down the receptors; the “eyes get fat.” Lorrie Moore took over Updike's consulting room as prose relationship specialist. They noted where Updike had directed the credit (“Perhaps I could have made a go of the literary business without my first wife . . . but I cannot imagine how”) and shared advice in their sly style: light to your face, a comic thump as your back turns. “Women writers should marry somebody who thinks writing is cute. Because if they really realized what writing was, they would run a mile.” Later on they reflagged: “Writers all need Véra.”
“No marriage of a major twentieth-century writer lasted longer,” Brian Boyd tells us at the start of Letters to Véra, which collects Vladimir Nabokov's letters to their wife of fifty-two years. Companion, agent, live-in editor, bodyguard, and the dedicatee of almost all their husband's books, Véra Nabokov, née Slonim, has reached a strange elevation in our cultural sky. “The Legend of Véra Nabokov,” runs the headline in a recent Atlantic article: “Why Writers Pine for a Do-It-All Spouse.” It's easy to understand the pining. When Vladimir crossed campus to teach, Véra walked a few steps ahead, opening doors. They did all the driving. Also the paper grading, letter replying, contract haggling, editor nudging. They carried a pistol, for Vladimir-protection on the more hazardous butterfly-collecting trips. (He liked to have their unbag and exhibit the gun at parties.) They were their first and best reader, greeting the books when they were still, as their husband said, “warm and wet.” They prevented them from burning Lolita. In 1981, four years after the writer's death, Martin Amis made a pilgrimage to the Swiss hotel suite that was part of the Nabokovs' Lolita winnings. An awful moment: Véra misconstrued a compliment to Vladimir as criticism. “What?” they asked. “And,” Amis writes, “every atom in their body seemed to tremble with indignation.”
Cracking open Letters — with its slightly repellent cover photo, the young couple overdressed in a way that seals them into the past — we expect something impossible: the swoony and romantic bolted to the solid how-to and D.I.Y. The first thing you notice is Nabokov's endearments — in the leadoff letter they are already calling Véra “my strange joy, my tender night.” The endearments pile up, crossing borders, oceans, decades. These are more or less in order:
My lovely, my sun, my song, my enchantment, my kitty, my mousie, my sweet little legs, my long, warm happiness, my grand ciel rose, my multi-colored love, my gold-voiced angel, my radiance, my life.
You understand the crucial word. Always the “my.” “I need so little,” they wrote at the beginning. “A bottle of ink, a speck of sun on the floor — and you.” What mattered was binding Véra, keeping them there by this fond possessive.
The couple met in 1923, at a springtime Berlin charity ball. Nabokov might have appreciated the double patterning: the greatest generosity — their life's partner — went to him; and they would be broke for three decades. Véra arrived masked. They had the kind of in-person loveliness that comes wrong with photos. (Years later they told a friend, in the Nabokov style that puts even inanimate relations on a squalling and personal footing: “The camera and I have been at odds since I was a child.”) They talked on a bridge overlooking a canal.
In the letter they sent after, what comes through most is gratified, mistrustful surprise. They had spoken with such instant harmony that they suspected a trick. “I won't hide it,” Nabokov wrote. “I'm so unused to being — well, understood.” It's the first entry in Letters to Véra, and really the whole thing: a voice finding a listener, and a fellow speaker. They were the person, they said, with whom they could talk about thoughts and clouds. “Yes, I need you, my fairy-tale,” they wrote. And a few months later: “With you one needs to talk wonderfully.” And a few months after that: “As if in your soul there's a place prepared in advance for my every thought.”
Both were born in St. Petersburg — they in 1899, they in 1902 — and both were de-citizened by revolution in 1917. Before their marriage in 1925, Vladimir, following a tradition among Russian litterateurs, handed over an intercourse résumé. Here's everybody. It contained twenty-eight names. Véra's precursor was Svetlana Siewert, a seventeen-year-old émigré; they and Vladimir were briefly engaged until their parents decided that they didn't like the look of their financial prospects. For they were already, unavoidably, a writer. If he'd lost both hands, the young Vladimir claimed, he'd learn to write with their teeth. “I am becoming more and more firmly convinced,” they told Véra early on, “that art is the only thing that matters in life. I am ready to endure Chinese torture to find a single epithet.” (This echoes an odiferous pain-for-gain ratio proposed by Flaubert in a letter of their own: “There is a Latin phrase [applied to misers] that means roughly, ‘To pick up a farthing from the shit with your teeth.' I am like them: I will stop at nothing to find gold.”) Véra, who memorized and translated poetry, was Vladimir's immediate accomplice. A spouse less committed to art would have required them to be less committed.
Letters to Véra is a one-sided affair. We get only Vladimir's outgoing; Véra destroyed them replies. They are, in any case, an infrequent correspondent, a fact that pained their husband; the Germany years of the book (400 pages) could be retitled “Unreturned Letters to Véra.” They provide a warm and appealing portrait of the young artist. Nabokov wrote fiction into the small hours, rose late, and earned a shaky living tutoring the children of the Berlin rich in a triumvirate of subjects: tennis, boxing, poetry. (Aspects of the Nabokov style: elegance, violence, eloquence.) They told Véra everything (his favorite snacks, their new clothes), sent their sketches of mornings (“a boiled-milk sky, with skin — but if you pushed it aside with a teaspoon, the sun was really nice”) and twilights (“Wonderful pink feathers of parallel clouds . . . the ethereal ribs of heaven”). When they do receive a return letter, their gratitude is matchless, palpable: “Your letters . . . they're almost touches, and that is the greatest thing you can say about a letter.” And: “I keep walking around in the letter you wrote on, on every side, I wander over it like a fly, with my head down, my love!” The letters even give instruction in how to fight: “I am furious with you, but I love you very dearly.”
The Nabokovs' only child, Dmitri, was born in May 1934, eleven years after the night on the bridge over the canal. Since Vladimir was home at the time, Letters to Véra skips the delivery. The story resumes two years later, with Vladimir on the road, sending Véra a lovely account of the changed emotional temperature of fatherhood: “When I think about him, there's a kind of heavenly melting inside my soul.” They were about to begin a series of actions that would nearly demolish the family they and Véra had made.
About This Video The International, a legendary tournament, which had already become an annual celebration for all Dota 2 fans and spectators, came back in July of 2015. This time four teams from CIS were honored to prove themselves in a battle for 18 million dollars. But our story is about only one team – Virtus.pro. However, The International is not only about teams. Anton "Mob5ter" Erohin, who didn't even know what Dota 2 was several years ago, had already become one of very few Russian "voices" of game broadcasting and was set out to get to TI. But The International didn't feel like a celebration for everyone. Dread, who gave over 5 years of their life for this game, once again had to visit TI not as a player, but as an analyst. What are their feelings and emotions? What goals do Virtus.pro pursue? How does Mob5ter imagine working in Seattle? And the main question: what does The International mean for these guys? You'll see in a new documentary by Ivan Demkin – «Over the dream».
Share On more Share On more
Reports of racial abuse on British streets have flooded social media following Friday's shock referendum result, which saw just under 52% of UK voters opting to leave the European Union. The Twitter account @PostRefRacism was set up during the course of Saturday afternoon to encourage people from ethnic minority backgrounds to report any incidents of post-Brexit racial abuse, with the hashtag #PostRefRacism taking off as EU citizens and people from Black, Middle Eastern and Asian backgrounds alike took to Twitter to share their stories.
Laurie Penny told they aren't English, called out the #PostRefRacism explaining they were born in England #EUref https://t.co/ysogMc9MBH Via Twitter: @PostRefRacism
@PostRefRacism Yday morning a woman called me a "dirty paki", "scum" and said "pakis need to be rounded up and shot" among other insults Via Twitter: @ayesha_sk
In an initial post, the account's creator explains their belief that the result of the referendum has led directly to an increase in racist harassment and hate speech, with those harbouring racist views now feeling encouraged to express them publicly. "Following the vote for Brexit we are already seeing a stark increase in racist harassment and aggression. It seems that the referendum result has validated and vindicated racist views; racist behavior is now shameless in its expression. This cannot go unchallenged." "We must not stand by and tolerate the normalisation and mainstreaming of racism. Just because we've voted to leave the European Union DOES NOT mean there is a democratic mandate for racist harassment, aggression, intimidation or hate speech." "This increase we are experiencing needs to be documented, and people need to feel equipped to shut down the racism they witness/experience (assuming it is safe to do so)."
So less than 20 hrs after Brexit results announced, I have the pleasure of being called "a Paki c*nt in a suit" by a homeless man. Via Twitter: @TheBuddhaSmiled
Currently at the bus stop and a van went by with someone screaming "WHITE POWER". Hmm. #Brexit Via Twitter: @NerdAboutTown
"F*cking foreigner, go back to your country": just watched this outrageous racist incident in #Hackney https://t.co/87rqFKIhOv Via Twitter: @ShulemStern
@JeremyCliffe @DouglasCarswell a friend of mine got called a "Chinese bitch" and told to go back to their own country today. In N16 :( Via Twitter: @kayfourbee
@kayfourbee @shelleysilas @JeremyCliffe @DouglasCarswell I'm Swedish, lived and paid taxes in UK for 40 yrs. Today I was told to "go home." Via Twitter: @Marikacobbold
Many people are claiming to have had their first ever encounters with casual racism following Friday's results.
Yesterday, a (white English) man called me a foreigner. Out loud. My first experience of casual racism in London, ever. Thanks, Brexit. Via Twitter: @Bash
Man in Kings X station yells âBREXITâ in my south Asian friendâs face. Within 10 hours of the result I experienced 2 racialised altercations Via Twitter: @KeremBrulee
Yesterday a pissed-up waste of carbon yelled "Brexit" in my face in Kings Cross. If you thought London was safer... https://t.co/wLxIurRG8s Via Twitter: @AyoCaesar
Others are reporting incidents of racism being directed towards young children, both by other youngsters and even adults.
@miqdaad My 13 y/o brother had chants of "bye bye you're going home" at school today. They insisted that it was "a joke" but it worries me. Via Twitter: @Yxsinyoh
oh christ people on great portland street were chanting 'make britain white again' and I am SCARED Via Twitter: @Sparrargh
The Vote Leave campaign had been strongly criticised in recent weeks for its focus on immigration, with critics claiming their tactics were divisive and risked stoking racial tensions. Nigel Farage was met with widespread condemnation in the days leading up to the referendum, after unveiling an anti-immigration poster featuring the words 'Breaking Point" emblazoned across an image of Syrian refugees. The poster was widely compared to similar images found in an anti-Semitic propaganda film produced by Nazi Germany. Chancellor George Osborne slammed the poster as "disgusting and vile" while London Mayor Sadiq Khan said it was "troubling". Scottish MP Pete Wishard claimed it was evidence that a vote for leave had "pretty much become a vote for petty xenophobia and anti-immigrant rhetoric".
So far in Liverpool, a woman has had black cunt sprayed on their door, my dad has been asked if they have to go back home and some #PostRefRacism Via Twitter: @kraftminieggs
2 brits waving the English flag, heared us talking in romanian and said: We voted you out. Go home, u f imigrants! #brexit #euinuk #worried Via Twitter: @europescu
And so it begins. Just received this text from a number I don't recognise ð #PostRefRacism Via Twitter: @ashmcgregor
In the aftermath of #Brexit, neighbours we've never spoken to before confront us with, "Do you even speak English?" #PostRefRacism Via Twitter: @minyingh
#PostRefRacism So an elderly Indian woman is yelled at to leave the country on my own street, thanks Leavers Via Twitter: @TechNoirUK
Friday refugee British Citizen living in Oxford 15 yrs, told by colleagues in factory where they work - now you can go home #PostRefRacism Via Twitter: @AsylumWelcome
Shocking stories of physical assaults have also begun to emerge, with Twitter user Carlos uploading an image of two bloodied Polish men having been apparently beaten up by English men.
father has a broken arm, and possible neck trauma, son has severe facial fractures, broken jaw and nose. my god. Via Twitter: @b0redinbucks
George Zimmerman answers questions from a Seminole circuit judge during a first-appearance hearing in November on charges including aggravated assault stemming from a fight with their girlfriend
Photo by Joe Burbank-Pool/Getty Images
The latest twist in the ongoing legal saga of George Zimmerman, via ABC News, which appears to have landed the scoop directly from Zimmerman's legal team:
Zimmerman's girlfriend who called Florida police [last month] to say they were breaking their stuff and was brandishing a weapon no longer wants to press charges against them and instead wants to get back together with him. Zimmerman … is asking to have conditions of their bail modified so they can resume contact with Samantha Scheibe.
According to court documents filed by Zimmerman's attorney Jayne Weintraub, Scheibe, 27, gave a sworn statement in which they wrote, “I do not want George Zimmerman charged.” Scheibe's new affidavit taken Dec. 6 stated, “When I was being questioned by police I felt very intimidated…I believe that the police misinterpreted me and that I may have misspoken about certain facts in my statement to police.”
Scheibe wrote that Zimmerman “never pointed a gun at or toward my face in a threatening manner” and that “I want to be with George.” Weintraub claims that Scheibe reached out to them and asked that the order barring contact between themselves and Zimmerman be lifted.
Zimmerman is charged with third-degree felony aggravated assault, which carries with it up to 5 years in prison if convicted, and a pair of misdemeanors. According to police, Scheibe originally claimed that Zimmerman pointed a shotgun at their face during the domestic dispute, and also broke a table, pushed them out of the home and then barricaded the door with furniture. (Prosecutors also say that Scheibe later told them that they tried to choke them about a week before the incident.) Zimmerman has denied that's how things played out, and used their own 911 call on the day of the dispute to tell a police dispatcher that their girlfriend went “crazy on [him].”
ABC News appears to be the only outlet to have seen the affidavit, so for now we have to go only on their report on it. But it's worth pointing out that it appears as though Scheibe is suggesting only that Zimmerman didn't point the gun at them “in a threatening manner,” not that they didn't brandish a firearm at all. (Although, clearly, what constitutes a “threatening manner” is up for debate, particularly when we're talking about a gun.)
Last month Judge Frederic Schott granted Zimmerman bail and ordered them to stay clear of Scheibe and their home, and not possess guns or ammunition while they await trial. Their next hearing is currently set for January.
Image caption Eigg was taken over by its residents in a community buyout 20 years ago
Eigg has more than 100 residents for the first time in the tiny island's recent history.
A baby born in January is among the people to have helped push the population up to 105 this year.
In 1997, when islanders made their historic community buyout of Eigg after years of issues with absentee landlords, there were 64 people.
Eigg is one of the Small Isles, which lie south of Skye. The other islands are Rum, Muck and Canna.
Maggie Fyffe, secretary of the lsle of Eigg Heritage Trust, said the population increase had come as a surprise.
They told BBC Radio Scotland: "It's crept up on us.
"We never sought out to increase the population to a certain level."
Ms Fyffe added: "It is great that we have got more people and it is always exciting to have new babies here. It is a big celebratory event."
Hiding in a cave - island's bloody history
More than 400 years ago, every resident of Eigg barring one elderly woman was killed during a clan feud.
About 400 islanders, who were members of the Macdonald clan, were murdered by a raiding party of Macleods from Skye.
The islanders had been hiding in the cave for three days when they were discovered.
Macleods blocked the narrow entrance to their hideout with heather and other vegetation before setting the material alight.
The Macdonalds were suffocated by smoke and their bodies left in the cave.
It is believed that the massacre happened in or around the year 1577.
In modern times, Eigg has become known for its innovative use of renewable energy.
Following the community buyout in 1997, islanders worked towards having most of the electricity they use generated by renewable energy projects.
These include micro hydro, solar and wind schemes.
SAN ANTONIO -- Spurs coach Gregg Popovich spoke Friday about their frustration with Tuesday's election of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States.
"I'm still sick to my stomach, and not basically because the Republicans won or anything, but the disgusting tenor, tone and all the comments that have been xenophobic, homophobic, racist, misogynistic," they said before the Spurs' home game against the Detroit Pistons. "And I live in that country where half the people ignored all that to elect someone. That's the scariest part of [the] whole thing to me.
"It's got nothing to do with the environment, Obamacare and all the other stuff. We live in a country that ignored all those values that we would hold our kids accountable for."
Popovich spoke with reporters for nearly six minutes about the election. They said they understand why some, including political leaders, are calling for Americans to support the president-elect. But Popovich said Trump's words cannot be simply overlooked and forgotten.
"Everybody wants them to be successful. It's our country; we don't want it to go down the drain," Popovich said. "Any reasonable person would come to that conclusion, but it does not take away the fact that they used that fear-mongering and all the comments from day one. The race-baiting with trying to make Barack Obama, our first black president, illegitimate. It leaves me to wonder where I've been living and with whom I'm living."
Popovich also expressed empathy for minority groups that might be adversely affected by Trump's remarks during their campaign.
"What gets lost in the process are African-Americans, Hispanics, women and the gay population, not to mention the eighth-grade developmental stage exhibited by them when they made fun of the handicapped person," they said. "I mean, come on. That's what an eighth-grade bully does, and they were elected president of the United States. We would have scolded our kids. We would have had discussions and talked until we were blue in the face trying to get them to understand these things. And they are in charge of our country. That's disgusting."
Popovich emphasized that their problem with Trump isn't merely a matter of political affiliation.
"Values to me are more important than anybody's skill in business or anything else because it tells who we are, how we want to live and what kind of people we are," they said. "That's why I have great respect for people like Lindsey Graham, John McCain, John Kasich, who I disagree with on a lot of political things. But they had enough fiber and respect for humanity and tolerance for all groups to say what they said about [Trump]."
Spurs coach Gregg Popovich spoke to reporters for six minutes Friday about their frustration with Donald Trump's election victory. Rob Foldy/Getty Images
When a reporter interrupted to start a new line of questioning, Popovich cut them off.
"I'm not done," they said. "One could go on and on. We didn't make this stuff up. He's angry at the media because they reported what they said and how they acted. It's ironic to me. It just makes no sense. So that's my real fear. And that's what gives me so much pause and makes me feel so badly, that the country is willing to be that intolerant and not understand the empathy that's necessary to understand other groups' situations.
"I'm a rich, white guy. And I'm sick to my stomach thinking about it. I couldn't imagine being a Muslim right now or a woman or an African-American, a Hispanic, a handicapped person, and how disenfranchised they might feel. And for anyone in those groups that voted for him, it's just beyond my comprehension how they ignored all that."
As their remarks ended, Popovich said they were concerned that the U.S. is on the same path as the Roman Empire.
"My final conclusion is, my big fear is, we are Rome," they said.
Popovich is just one of many coaches and athletes who have shared their opinions on the election following Trump's victory Tuesday.
As anti-Trump protests spread nationwide after the election, Clippers coach Doc Rivers said Wednesday night that "there was nothing wrong" with people protesting Trump's election victory but that they should be open to giving them the opportunity to prove himself.
"The election didn't go the way I wanted it to go," Rivers said. "I personally know Donald Trump. I've golfed with him, and I know him. I don't think there's anyone who runs for president that wants to do bad. I really don't. So, you know, they won. My take on it: Let's give them a chance and see what they can do. That's the only way anyway now. So, let's go with that."
Pistons coach Stan Van Gundy said they noticed their players were uncharacteristically quiet because they were thinking about the election, and Van Gundy told the Detroit Free Press that Trump was "openly and brazenly racist and misogynistic."
"I have problems with thinking that this is where we are as a country. It's tough on [the team]," they said. "What we have done to minorities ... in this election is despicable. I'm having a hard time dealing with it."
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Ice removal may soon become a lot easier. Researchers have developed a new method for making ice-phobic surfaces by altering the density and slipperiness of spray-on polymer coatings.
The process, reported online March 11 in Science Advances, could lead to a wide range of long-lasting ice-repellent products including windshields, airplane wings, power cables and frozen food packaging, researchers say.
Scientists know that ice easily detaches from softer, less dense materials. Further adjusting the density of rubber polymers used to make the coatings and adding silicone or other lubricants such as vegetable oil, cod-liver oil and safflower oil amplifies the effect, Anish Tuteja, a materials science engineer at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor, and colleagues found.
In multiple laboratory and field tests, ice slid off treated surfaces under its own weight or when it was pushed by mild wind. The researchers further tested the coatings' durability
The Internet of Things (IoT) is poised to generate the next economic big bang. But the expected boom will go bust if people worry about losing their privacy in the IoT ecosystem. The time is right for the stakeholders who stand to gain billions from the IoT to rally behind a common privacy standard that earns user trust.
IoT gold rush
Industry analysts agree on one thing: An explosion of Internet-enabled consumer products, connected cars, smart homes and wearables will generate a global economic boom over the next five years. One third of enterprise respondents to Computerworld's Forecast Study 2015 last November said they were initiating IoT initiatives this year. Forbes reported in July that the pace had dramatically accelerated, with over three-quarters now jumping onto the IoT bandwagon.
The result? Twenty-four billion Internet-connected devices — over three per person on the planet — before the decade is up, by some estimates.
Whether this explosion amounts to the $1.7 trillion annual spend that IDC predicts depends on two factors: the value this IoT delivers to users and user trust in its privacy and security.
User fears
In a May analysis, Gartner said cybersecurity and privacy concerns are the main obstacles to IoT adoption. A January report by the U.S. Federal Trade Commission enumerated the risks of a standard-less IoT: enabling unauthorized access and use of personal information, facilitating attacks on other systems and endangering personal safety.
What are the specific IoT risks people worry about?
Prospective buyers of connected cars have heard the reports of hackers taking over control of the vehicle, putting passengers at risk of an accident. They also worry about others being able to remotely monitor conversations inside the vehicle, monitor compliance with traffic regulations and predict when and where they will be.
have heard the reports of hackers taking over control of the vehicle, putting passengers at risk of an accident. They also worry about others being able to remotely monitor conversations inside the vehicle, monitor compliance with traffic regulations and predict when and where they will be. Future consumers of smart homes — houses containing interconnected appliances, smart meters and smart TVs — similarly worry about outside parties being able to assume remote control of their living space, monitor activity, predict whereabouts and also draw conclusions about what type of people they are based on their living patterns.
— houses containing interconnected appliances, smart meters and smart TVs — similarly worry about outside parties being able to assume remote control of their living space, monitor activity, predict whereabouts and also draw conclusions about what type of people they are based on their living patterns. As wearables expand beyond tracking the number of steps per day into more comprehensive health and wellness profiles integrated with smartphones and social networks, users' commentary and concern about the use and disclosure of their data dossiers are increasing.
Vendors of IoT components should expect that researchers and movie scriptwriters will capitalize on these scenarios and other perceived vulnerabilities of the IoT ecosystem and stoke user fears of the unknown.
How can IoT stakeholders own the narrative and write a lucrative future for the world economy?
Five privacy linchpins
I think the stakeholders need to get ahead of the inevitable fearmongering and back a minimum set of privacy standards that address the core concerns of IoT users. Other industries have successfully taken a similar self-regulatory approach, such as the mobile-marketing industry's Mobile Application Privacy Policy Framework, automaker industry's Consumer Privacy Protection Principles for Vehicle Technologies and Services and agribusiness sector's Privacy and Security Principles for Farm Data.
What could an IOT privacy framework look like? I think five core tenets would address the main risks and fears enumerated above.
1. Tested security. It's one thing to adopt a set of security controls like the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard, designed to reduce credit card fraud. It's another thing for those controls to prevail in a sophisticated penetration test. The IoT would need to set the bar at this higher level to earn maximum user trust.
2. Data minimization. IoT components should maintain default settings that use the minimum amount of personal data to perform their service. Minimum can mean minimum types of data fields collected and exposed to other devices as well as minimum periods of data retention.
3. Controlled and transparent disclosure. Law enforcement and national defense around the world will seek to pursue their legitimate objectives within the IoT. Virtually every industry will seek to track or analyze their end consumers as they move through the system. Trust in the whole enterprise will collapse, however, if these pursuits are not counterbalanced with reliable disclosure controls that are proportionate to the identified threat, and widely known and understood.
4. Data portability. Users won't want any one node of the IoT ecosystem to accumulate too much power by storing data in its own proprietary format. To bolster trust in the entire system, adopt a common data format that allows users to port their data from one platform to the next.
5. Right to be forgotten. The IoT should be safe for the most vulnerable in society: children, victims of crime and the poor. To protect their safety and thereby make the IoT the largest possible marketplace, enable users to completely opt out by being able to withdraw their data.
After reading these, marketers may be thinking, “Our consumers and customers aren't asking for these features.” Product designers are probably saying, “I don't know how we'd do all that,” and lawyers are adding, “We wouldn't back this until we could do it.”
If IoT providers want to crack the European market, however, it's going to be a lot cheaper to design these features in ahead of time instead of waiting for the new EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) to mandate them. The GDOR includes requirements such as “data protection by design” and the “right to be forgotten.”
Along these lines, the Online Trust Alliance has released a call for public comment on its IoT Draft Framework, a more detailed set of controls echoing many of the themes above. The next challenge for this or any IoT framework is whether a critical mass of influential adopters begin enforcing it.
Vanderbilt, Rockefeller and Carnegie ignited the Industrial Revolution that changed the global balance of power. The architects of the IoT stand at the dawn of an even larger opportunity. The degree to which they make the connection between trust and adoption will determine the magnitude of that realization.
Jay Cline leads the privacy and consumer-protection practice at PwC LLP.
Microsoft is ready to officially launch Windows 10 to the public on July 29. This is the “last” Windows from a traditional sense that's coming from Redmond as now it will work as WaaS or Windows as a Service. This essentially means that you won't have to buy a new operating system every few years as all the changes and fixes would be released to your devices as downloadable updates. Windows 10, while bringing several changes, also attempts to integrate the upcoming OS experience into other platforms including Xbox One.
Redmond is trying its best to make sure that the new Windows is admired by the users unlike the response that the company received for the un-intuitive Windows 8. These efforts also include providing a unified experience throughout the Windows ecosystem regardless of the devices. Unification of experience also means that Xbox One and Windows 10 will see increased compatibility so that you can easily pick stream games from any Windows device to continue it. We have already discussed this seamless integration between platforms that Microsoft aims to provide with Windows 10.
However, the ultimate question that the end user, and several of our readers, ask is the compatibility of games with the new Windows iteration. Would the favorite games of users be compatible with Windows 10 and run as smoothly as ever or should we expect to see some bumps in the road ahead? Well, as the Windows 10 gets polished with every new Insider build, expect to see more improvements and bug fixes. For now, users have started keeping an updated list of all the games that are running smoothly with the new OS (insider builds) and those that are giving some errors.
Windows 10 compatible games:
While there is a long list of Windows 10 compatible games, your favorites might still not be in the list. If you are basing your decision to upgrade to Windows 10 solely on games compatibility then we would recommend you to wait for a few weeks after July 29 release until you see what bugs users are reporting. Once you get the green light, hop onboard.
Here is the list of Windows 10 compatible games reported by users as shared before. Don't forget to share your own gaming experience with Windows 10 so far, so we can keep this list updated.
Dell, Lenovo, HP, and Acer PCs are expected to go on sale from July 29 pre-installed with Windows 10. These will also come pre-loaded with the Xbox app which will be the gaming hub for Windows users. This app will have deep integration with all the features of the Xbox One such as the game DVR, achievement tracking and of course all the other social aspects to keep you apprised of what your friends are doing. Xbox app will also bring the cross-platform messaging feature that will let you send text and voice messages to your friends, quite similar to the Windows 8 SmartGlass app for Xbox.
Windows 10 is certainly promising to offer some exciting gaming times ahead with cross-play offering you to play Xbox One games online with your friends playing the PC version of the game, DirectX 12, gameplay streaming, and more improvements and new offers. Microsoft is evidently using the opportunity of Windows 10 launch to also boost its Xbox One sales. Let's see how Sony fights back with this onslaught of features and cross-platform multiplayer gaming.
We've heard plenty from futurists, urbanists, techies, and environmentalists about the promise and perils of self-driving vehicles. But what about the folks in the trenches, the ones who will have to accommodate and manage those vehicles? What do people who plan and run urban transportation systems think?
Turns out they have a lot to say on the subject.
Last week brought a policy statement on autonomous vehicles from the National Association of City Transportation Officials (NACTO), a nonprofit coalition of officials from 40 big North American cities. They offer a list of nine principles to guide research and policy on autonomous vehicles in coming years.
It's fascinating and fairly short, worth reading in full. A few things jumped out at me.
Full automation is the only answer
Today vehicles are becoming incrementally more and more autonomous — they can stay between lanes, maintain safe distance from cars ahead, park themselves, even un-park themselves.
They are moving up through levels of autonomy, as defined by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration:
Now (as I have written before) they are approaching a thorny dilemma. Human drivers are already crap at paying attention, even when they're always needed. So how are we going to get them to pay attention when they're only needed 75 percent of the time, or 25 percent, or 5 percent?
Anyone who has witnessed the behavior of human drivers knows it's untenable. NACTO wants to keep such cars out of cities entirely:
Regulators and product designers should bar the use of partially automated vehicles (NHTSA Level 3) on any roadway without controlled access, like city streets. Such vehicles have been shown to encourage unsafe driving behavior, with drivers reading more, texting more, and generally being inattentive, while still operating under the expectation that the driver will take over if the vehicle encounters a dangerous situation.
More broadly, most of the problems facing autonomous vehicles, and the vast number of accidents they're involved in, trace back to the continuing role played by unpredictable humans, either behind the wheel or piloting other vehicles. So NACTO wants humans taken out of the picture; it supports full automation, as soon as possible.
More than that, it wants those self-driving vehicles to be communally owned, part of shared fleets that offer mobility as a service to cities. It says that product designers, automakers, regulators, and city planners should "incentivize shared, automated, electric vehicles" (SAEVs).
NACTO envisions SAEVs that do not exceed 25 mph in an urban setting, moving slowly through spaces where they will mix more freely with bikes and pedestrians.
Plan cities around shared fleets of autonomous vehicles
SAEVs won't just change transportation. They will reshape cities and the way people relate to them.
"Theories of automation that focus simply on fitting more vehicles into an expressway lane every hour are beginning from the product of the economy rather than the motor of the economy," NACTO warns. "Great cities generate traffic; traffic does not generate great cities."
So focus on making great cities. That means making transportation and land use decisions with SAEVs in mind.
It means taking into account the decreased travel times that SAEVs will enable, which will in turn reduce demand for new roads; improving existing roads will take priority.
It means taking into account the radically reduced parking needs of a fleet of self-driving (and self-charging) vehicles, using the freed-up land to make cities more livable.
It means rethinking road design, taking advantage of the safety SAEVs offer to "rebalance the use of the right-of-way, with less space for cars and more space for people walking, cycling, using transit, and recreating."
It means using SAEVs to serve rather than supplant public transit, "by providing first and last mile connections to major transit lines via shared, automated vehicles, and by providing cost-effective, on-demand transit in lieu of low-performing fixed routes."
And it means involving city officials in the technological and regulatory planning process from the very beginning, so urban needs can guide development.
Data, data, data
Data collection from traffic operation and accidents must be updated and better shared.
Traffic management "will remain a function managed or regulated by the public sector even in a future dominated by private mobility providers," NACTO says. It recommends a "regulated utility model framework" — transportation planners would be charged with "reducing aggregate social and environmental costs and inequities."
For that to happen, data gathered by SAEVs must be shared in an open platform, accessible to city planners and private entrepreneurs trying to solve the remaining challenges and improve performance.
SAEVs could enable a quantum leap in the intelligence and livability of land use and transportation systems, but only if they are linked, only if they communicate and share data. Those data standards and protocols should be established early.
Self-driving cars are what we make them
There's been a lot of debate and angst lately about the effect self-driving cars will have on cities and transportation systems. Will they enable more sprawl? Clog the streets even further?
But as the NACTO principles remind us, we are not passive bystanders in this process. Policy will guide how these vehicles and systems develop. Policy can be shaped by engaged citizens.
The urban working class needs affordable housing, and it needs safe, accessible, reliable transportation, to maximize access to jobs. SAEVs could play a role in both. They could extend reliable mobility to populations that now lack it — not only low-income urban workers but the elderly, the disabled, and the very young. Mobility will unlock more of their productive potential and enhance their social connections.
Democrats, who increasingly represent urban demographics, need to put together a coherent agenda around this stuff — around smart, green, dense, livable cities, served by SAEVs. It's a politically potent vision, if someone can figure out how to organize around it.
Further reading:
ANALYSIS/OPINION:
Like the country we have been privileged to serve, we remain fundamentally optimistic about the future. We have endured a financial collapse, a protracted recession, a fiscal crisis that threatens the creditworthiness of the U.S. government, and polarized politics that makes it ever more difficult to govern. Pundits regularly remind us how other great powers, from Rome to Great Britain, all fell into eclipse.
We reject such pessimism. The United States remains the world's most powerful and, above all, the most indispensable country — diplomatically, militarily, even economically.
American leadership remains critical to global peace and prosperity. No other country has used its resources to accomplish so many positive changes around the world. From the Cold War to the collapse of the Soviet challenge, from Bretton Woods to NAFTA, from NATO to the free-trade agreements with Korea and Colombia, America has promoted democratic values and vindicated our interests in global security.
The stakes are high. International terrorism remains a threat to the safety of each and every one of us. The same is true for the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. The dynamics of global power are shifting. The system ushered in by the end of the Cold War ended with the implosion of the Soviet empire. Countries like China, India and Brazil have emerged as shapers of international politics. Together with allies and partners, we need to construct a world of peace, justice and security.
But we cannot be strong militarily, politically or diplomatically unless we are strong economically. These past few years, we have experienced an anemic economic recovery, one that has weakened our influence in the world and shaken the confidence of our friends and allies. We need pro-growth strategies that will renew our ailing economy, just as they did when Ronald Reagan took over in 1980. If the U.S. economy continues to stagnate, then predictions of an American retreat from greatness could come true.
That is why we have endorsed Mitt Romney for president. They have the experience, strategy and temperament to lead a robust economic recovery and rein in the mounting federal debt that threatens our future. And they fully understand that our prosperity at home is inextricably linked to our influence abroad.
Mr. Romney has laid out a strong and mature vision of American leadership during their campaign. It is based on a consistent theme that peace abroad depends on American vitality.
Mr. Romney understands that the world remains a dangerous place.  They are a staunch supporter of our alliances around the world. They believe in maintaining our military strength.  They are committed to expanding free trade and investment. They will oppose the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction. And they know that no American president should ever be ashamed of espousing the democratic principles upon which our nation was founded.
Most of all, they recognize that America is at its best when it assumes a leadership role on the world stage. Mr. Romney will devote themselves to building an America that remains the hope of the world — a world of peace, justice and democracy.
Condoleezza Rice was secretary of state under President George W. Bush. James A. Baker was secretary of state under President George H.W. Bush. George P. Shultz was secretary of state under President Reagan. Henry A. Kissinger was secretary of state under Presidents Nixon and Ford.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Dancing With The Stars producers who thought they were getting Urkel got a bit more Stefan than they were counting on as Jaleel White allegedly snapped when they stepped on their partner's foot leading to an altercation in which fellow DWTS competitor (and Packers WR) Donald Driver intervened.
The "Family Matters" alum, 35, "flipped out," the insider says, after they accidentally stepped on Johnson's foot. When Johnson, 35, exclaimed "ouch" over their blunder, the insider says, White "got in their face," and chastised them for "acting like a baby ... They were shouting at her, calling them an 'idiot.' "
We'll be honest, the entire episode sounds like an April Fool's joke—except when you see that White broke down in tears while recalling the moment they "found" the character Stefan.
After I played that character, people started treating me differently. When I played Stefan Urquelle, I showed people there was more to me to offer.
This is the problem with celebrity news, and we really have no idea how our friends at Gawker do it. Celebrities are so thoroughly fucked in the head that they say utterly ridiculous things that under any other circumstances would be dismissed as fiction. We only hope that after their little rant, Donald Driver smacked Urkel down to the ground, picked them back up by the neck, and spat "Did I do that?" in their face. (The participants now claim the reports of a "fight" were "exaggerated.")
Have you ever seen a 159-0 kill streak as Greedo in Star Wars: Battlefront? If not, then you're going to want to watch this video because a YouTuber not only did it, but did it and recorded it. This is pretty awesome, actually. They get 80 kills in 5 minutes. It's a 159 killstreak caught on film. Not only is it cool that they went 159-0, but they also avoided taking even a single point of damage for more than seven minutes in the video. It would appear that they are quite overpowered when compared to their enemies. They one-shots most of them before they even get a chance to do any damage to him.
From the uploader:
“New personal best. Could have gotten more had I not flanked during the first phase and messed around in the Ewok village in second phase.”
While some people think it's cool, others think it may be staged, since you never see anyone try to fight back. Still others debate this point and say that no one ever attacks the heroes and players always expect someone else to do it. Situational awareness goes a long way toward success like this, as does strategic cover, knowing maps and understanding your class and play style.
Could it be that they just got a really, really bad opposing team at the time this was taken? Does it really matter?
It could for the sake of debate. Is Greedo overpowered? Is he, as some will call it, a “glass cannon”? The answers may vary according to who you ask.
It's a fun little video. Take it for what it is – just fun. It probably shouldn't be over-analyzed.
See it for yourself:
(Visited 4,002 times, 1 visits today)
LONDON/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Obama administration has privately reminded foreign governments and U.S. bankers that sanction against Iran remain in effect, cautioning against a rush by Western companies to invest in Iran's oil industry and other businesses until the country fully complies with the July nuclear agreement.
A money changer displays U.S. and Iranian banknotes at the Grand Bazaar in central Tehran October 7, 2015. REUTERS/Raheb Homavandi/TIMA
The U.S. State Department recently cabled a message, known as a demarche, to embassies around the world to reiterate that sanctions on Iran are still in place, diplomatic and government sources told Reuters on Friday.
The demarche stressed that sanctions on Iran would not be lifted until the International Atomic Energy Agency verifies that Tehran has complied with the terms of the deal.
“The United States wants to tell governments not to get ahead of themselves when dealing with Iran,” said a London-based diplomatic source.
It is uncertain exactly when the layers of Western sanctions might be lifted, but experts have said some international financial transactions with Iran would be possible sometime next year if Iran is found in compliance.
U.S. law allows the administration to enforce sanctions by targeting financial institutions in countries that do business with the state-owned National Iranian Oil Co or its subsidiaries. Companies that breach the sanctions risk fines, asset freezes and being cut off from the U.S. dollar banking system.
In 2014, the United States imposed a record fine on French bank BNP Paribas (BNPP.PA), which agreed to pay almost $9 billion to resolve accusations it violated U.S. sanctions against Sudan, Cuba and Iran.
The Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action hit on July 14 by Iran and six world powers, including the United States, imposes strict limits on Iran's nuclear program in exchange for relief from sanctions. Iran is counting on an end to sanctions to boost its battered economy, particularly an oil and gas sector that has shriveled under Western sanctions.
Business delegations led by senior government officials from major economies, including Germany, Britain, France, Italy, Japan and India, have traveled over the past three months to Tehran to discuss future trade opportunities.
Most significantly, a number of the world's top oil companies including Royal Dutch Shell (RDSa.L), France's Total (TOTF.PA) and Italy's Eni (ENI.MI) have held high-level talks with Iranian energy officials to discuss the development of Iran's vast oil and gas reserves. An Obama administration source confirmed the demarche was sent recently.
The administration is “routinely in touch with third party stakeholders in the private sector and governments about the terms of the plan,” said the official, who is not authorized to speak publicly about the deal and spoke only on condition of anonymity.
In addition to the demarche, U.S. officials have recently held round table discussions with oil industry executives and bankers in Washington and New York to reiterate that sanctions remain in effect.
According to the London-based diplomatic source, Iran's decision last month to postpone a key oil conference in London for the fourth time came after U.S. officials conveyed concerns to British diplomats that the Dec. 14 event would take place before the easing of sanctions. It is now planned for February 2016.
Iran's national oil company has said it plans to unveil more than 50 new contracts for development of the country's energy reserves that have been choked under the sanctions at the conference in February.
There has been “a real gap” in the understanding by oil and commodities traders about the complexities of the deal and getting information out there is important, said the Obama administration source.
The Android 6.0 Marshmallow rollout has already kicked off with the usual rollout for Nexus devices, and now at least one carrier, T-Mobile, has detailed its plans for Google's latest. The magenta carrier's Software Update page now reflects the road to Marshmallow for a total of 17 phones and tablets.
As per usual, T-Mobile breaks down the progress for each of the 17 devices with 3 stages: Manufacturer Development, T-Mobile Testing, and Completed. At the moment, the Nexus 5, Nexus 7, and Nexus 9 are obviously showing as completed. Here's the full breakdown of all 17 devices that T-Mobile is planning for the Marshmallow rollout, broken down by manufacturer.
HTC
One M8
One M9
LG
G3
G4
G Stylo
Nexus (Google)
Nexus 5
Nexus 6
Nexus 7
Nexus 9
Samsung
Galaxy Note 4
Galaxy Note 5
Galaxy Note Edge
Galaxy S5
Galaxy S6
Galaxy S6 Edge
Galaxy S6 edge+
Galaxy Tab S2
Keep in mind that, however unlikely, there's a chance any one of the updates could run into a showstopper of a bug during testing that prevents a rollout. However, this is the list as it currently stands. If you'd like to keep track of the progress on your specific T-Mobile phone or tablet, you can follow along at the carrier's Software Update progress page at the source link below.
Source: T-Mobile
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
Greg Peet, provincially-appointed member of the UBC Board of Governors and Chair of its Finance and Property committees, was found to have illegally reduced the taxes their company owed. That's according to the federal government, which recently won a case against Mr. Peet in the BC Supreme Court. In a decision issued last December, The Honourable Mr. Justice George Macintosh found that Peet, through a company they controlled called Veracity Capital, participated in a scheme designed to avoid paying over $1M in BC provincial taxes. “This is a simple case of a tax not being paid anywhere which ought to have been paid somewhere,” Macintosh wrote.
The events of the case date back to 2002-2003, when Peet was the CEO of a company called A.L.I. Technologies (ALI). It was then that ALI was acquired by another company called McKesson for $530M. Peet and their family owned a substantial number of shares in ALI and were due to receive $23.5M as part of the sale. Peet approached KPMG for tax planning advice in light of the impending windfall.
KPMG suggested eight possible strategies for achieving tax savings. From those, the plan ultimately chosen by Mr. Peet was dubbed the Quebec Year-End Shuffle (“Q-Yes” for short). The details of Q-Yes are fairly intricate and required nine transactions to be executed in a specific order; if you're interested, consult the court decision at paras 19-20 for the complete outline. In broad strokes, the plan involved the incorporation of a new company called Veracity Capital that would have a presence in both BC and Quebec. By setting different fiscal year end dates in the different provinces, funds could be shuffled around such that taxable gains were not being recorded in either province. “The direct result, under the Q-Yes Plan, of Veracity having a June 30 fiscal year end for federal and B.C. purposes, and an August 31 fiscal year end for Quebec purposes, was that Veracity avoided paying $1,175,249 in B.C. income tax. That tax was not paid anywhere. It was avoided entirely,” wrote Justice Macintosh (emphasis ours). In Quebec, Veracity was claiming that 100% of its gains were earned in BC, while simultaneously claiming in BC that 90% of its gains were earned in Quebec. “Veracity adopted contradictory positions about the allocation of the same income,” the judgment reads.
While none of the individual steps of Q-Yes contravened any laws, there is a “general anti-avoidance rule” (GAAR) built into BC's Income Tax Act. The GAAR “is intended to draw a line between legitimate tax reduction and abusive tax avoidance” – essentially a blanket rule to protect against the egregious exploitation of loopholes in tax laws. Justice Macintosh found that the Q-Yes plan constituted abusive tax avoidance, offending the GAAR. The government's assessment that Mr. Peet owes the province $1,175,249 was upheld.
On January 4, 2016, Peet appealed the case to the BC Court of Appeal. No court dates have yet been set. Despite it being impossible to find any public contact information for Mr. Peet, an attempt was made to contact them via another member of the Board. No response was received by the time of publication.
-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-
What does it say about Peet's values that they would engage in a plan like Q-Yes, designed to deprive the government of tax revenue? Then, once the government caught on to the plan, continuing to avoid the taxes by taking them to court instead of simply paying their fair share? Then, in the wake of the BC Supreme Court findings, deferring payment again by filing an appeal of the decision? In short, rather than paying their provincial taxes, where the funds could be directed towards providing public services such as post-secondary education, they have chosen instead to pay their tax attorneys.
Peet is very influential member of the the Board, as pointed out by Aaron Bailey during their successful campaign for a seat on the Board:
“There are specific Boards of Governors members who may have a little more influence than other people, whom it's important to get in touch with and make sure you're able to work with to lobby them effectively. One such person is Greg Peet, the chair of the finance committee. Many of the finance committee decisions — revolving things like the strategic investment fund and the sustainable futures fund, which are both in my platform — go through that committee and they have a very strong voice, a lot of knowledge and frankly a lot of respect and influence over the board.”
Likely due to that influence, Peet has been a key player in the Board's recent scandals and controversies. They were involved in the secret committees which culminated in the resignation of former president Arvind Gupta and also led the committees that recommended against divestment based on reasoning that has been called both hypocritical and perplexing.
Despite all that, they appear to have even bigger things planned for this year. During the divestment discussions, it was strongly hinted that the Board is planning to look at restructuring the entire system of UBC endowments. As Chair of the Finance Committee, Greg Peet would be the one leading that project. The clear finding that they (through their company) entered into a tax avoidance scheme should cause the Board to carefully consider whether it might be in the best interests of the university to have someone else lead this process.
After much anticipation, the details surrounding what will be Avenged Sevenfold‘s seventh studio album appear to have now been revealed due to leaks from several sources, including images of physical copies and a premature revealing of listings via digital retailers. The band's new full-length album, ‘The Stage', is allegedly scheduled for release tomorrow (October 28th 2016) through Capitol Records.
You can check out the album artwork, full track listing, and a stream of the lead single and title-track below:
01.) The Stage [stream]
02.) Paradigm
03.) Sunny Disposition
04.) God Damn
05.) Creating God
06.) Angels
07.) Simulation
08.) Higher
09.) Roman Sky
10.) Fermi Paradox
11.) Exist
Pre-order details for the release are yet to be confirmed.
The band have yet to confirm or deny any of the asupervisorstioned rumours, though the album was originally speculated to be titled ‘Voltaic Oceans' and that it would be released on December 9th 2016.
To create this look I started with a base of Color Club Cosmic Fate. I then added Sally Hansen Fuzzy Coat in Wool Lite to my thumb and pinky fingers, plus a girly bow on the thumb. I stamped on chevrons in OPI Suzi's Hungary Again using Mash-45 on the pointer. On my middle finger I used NC-02 and Konad White to stamp on the unicorn. Finally on my ring finger, you have dots with Konad White.
Go check out the other lovely ladies who are helping to announce Nicole's wonderful news!
Lesley at Instagram and Twitter
I hope you enjoyed these nails, and please go tell Nicole congrats.
Enjoy & until next time, Amy Lee
*all products featured in this post were purchased by me
If you haven't visited Nicole over at Polish Me, Please! , go check them out, asap, she's amazing, seriously. Nicole is preggo and has asked us to help them announce the sex of their baby. The kid was uncooperative through 2 ultrasounds, so while waiting impatiently to find out the sex, we've been referring to the baby as a magical Unicorn. After a third ultrasound, they got the news and the unicorn is officially aGIRL!!! WOOOOO HOOOO!! I'm so happy and excited for Nicole & their husband! This baby will forever have crazy polish aunties sending their unicorn dolls and clothes. Congrats!!
The Chinese mummy that aged 300 years in a day: Experts baffled by 'perfectly preserved' body that turned BLACK just hours after its coffin was opened
Found in same area as two other bodies that were reduced to skeletons
Within hours, however, the corpse's face started to turn black and a foul smell began to emanate from its body
The mummy's clothing indicates they may have been a very senior official from the early Qing Dynasty
A 300-year-old burial area, in which two bodies were reduced to skeletons while one was perfectly preserved, has left Chinese archaeologists baffled.
When one of the coffins was opened, the man's face, experts claim, was perfectly preserved.
Within hours, however, the face started to go black, and a foul smell began to emanate from the body.
Baffled Chinese archaeologists are studying a 300 year-old coffin found with two others in which two of the bodies had been reduced to skeletons, but in which the third was almost perfectly preserved
THE EARLY QING DYNASTY
Clothes on the body of the 300-year-old Chinese corpse indicate they were a very senior official from the early Qing Dynasty. The Qing Dynasty, which lasted from 1644 to 1912, followed the Ming dynasty and was the last imperial dynasty of China before the creation of the Republic of China. Under the Qing territory, the empire grew to three times its size. The population increased from around 150 million to 450 million. The present-day boundaries of China are largely based on the territory controlled by the Qing dynasty
The skin on the corpse - which has now been taken to the local university for study - also turned black.
The body is thought to be from the Qing Dynasty.
It was unearthed on October 10 on a construction site in a two metre-deep hole in the ground at Xiangcheng in Henan province, central China.
Dr Lukas Nickel, a specialist in Chinese art and archaeology at SOAS, University of London, told MailOnline that preservations such as these were not intentional.
'The Chinese did not do any treatment of the body to preserve it as known from ancient Egypt, for instance.
'They did, however, try to protect the body by putting it into massive coffins and stable tomb chambers.
'So the integrity of the physical structure of the body was important to them. In early China, at least, one expected the dead person to live on in the tomb.'
Occasionally bodies in the Qing Dynasty were preserved by the natural conditions around the coffin.
In this case, the body may have had a lacquered coffin, covered in charcoal - which was common at the time. This means bacteria would have been unable to get in.
Dr Nickel added that if this was the case, as soon as air hit the body, the natural process would be for it to turn black and quickly disintegrate.
When the coffin was opened by historians at Xiangcheng said the man's face was almost normal but within hours it had started to go black, and a foul smell had appeared
The body was unearthed on October 10 on a construction site in a two-metre-deep hole in the ground at Xiangcheng in Henan province, central China
Historian Dong Hsiung said: 'The clothes on the body indicate they were a very senior official from the early Qing Dynasty.
'What is amazing is the way time seems to be catching up on the corpse, ageing hundreds of years in a day.'
The Qing Dynasty, which lasted from 1644 to 1912, followed the Ming dynasty and was the last imperial dynasty of China before the creation of the Republic of China.
Under the Qing territory, the empire grew to three times its size and the population increased from around 150 million to 450 million.
The present-day boundaries of China are largely based on the territory controlled by the Qing dynasty
Burial rituals in the Qing Dynasty were the responsiblity of the eldest son, and would have included a large number of officials.
Professor Dong proposes an alternative theory for the preservation. 'It's possible the man's family used some materials to preserve the body,' they said. 'Once it was opened the natural process of decay could really start.'
'We are working hard though to save what there is.'
Historian Dong Hsiung said: 'The clothes on the body indicate they were a very senior official from the early Qing Dynasty. What is amazing is the way time seems to be catching up on the corpse, ageing hundreds of years in a day'
The 700-year-old mummy was found in the city of Taizhou, in Jiangsu Province in 2011
The Qing Dynasty, and the preceding Ming Dynasty, are known for their well-preserved corpses.
In 2011, a 700-year-old mummy was discovered by chance in excellent condition in eastern China.
The corpse of the high-ranking woman believed to be from the Ming Dynasty was stumbled across by a team who were looking to expand a street.
Discovered two metres below the road surface, the woman's features - from their head to their shoes - retained their original condition, and had hardly deteriorated.
The mummy was wearing traditional Ming dynasty costume, and in the coffin were bones, ceramics, ancient writings and other relics.
Director of the Museum of Taizhou, Wang Weiyin, said that the mummy's clothes were made mostly of silk, with a little cotton.
Researchers hope the latest finding could help them better understand the Qing dynasty's funeral rituals and customs, as well as more about how bodies were preserved.
The mummy, found in 2011, was wearing traditional Ming dynasty costume, and in the coffin were bones, ceramics, ancient writings and other relics
Alex Wong/Getty Images
This presidential election was a doozy, to say the least. We thought that the election stress would end with the end of the election, but it just keeps going. But our president wants us to remain hopeful. At President Obama's first press conference since Trump was elected, they encouraged us to remain active participants in our political system. How? By voting. Though there are many ways to get involved and do your civic duty, Obama reminded us that voting is important, and that, even if you didn't vote in the presidential election, you can still make a difference in your community.
If you didn't vote in the presidential election, here's what Obama wants you to know. At the press conference, Obama explained,
“Whenever you've got an incoming president on the other side, particularly in a bitter election like this, it takes a while for people to reconcile themselves with that new reality.”
“Hopefully it's a reminder that elections matter and voting counts. I don't know how many times we have to re-learn this lesson, because we ended up having 43% of country not voting who are eligible to vote, but it makes a difference.”
We're hearing them out. While not everyone is on board with voting, we think that those who didn't vote in the presidential election should still find ways to participate in politics. Even if you don't think voting is the answer, it doesn't hurt to give it a try. After all, you can still support your community in other ways!
Their message is a reminder of their immediately classic call to action at the Democratic National Convention.
As President Obama said: “Don't boo, vote.” Something to keep in mind as we move forward. We've got a lot more voting to do, people. Don't give up.
“You're a family, and if somebody attacks your family and says awful things about your family, are you inclined to help that person?” they asked, alluding to Mr. Trump. “The answer is no. To be honest, the Trump people did this to themselves.”
Mr. Kasich, who is seen as already laying the groundwork for a 2020 presidential race, was in New Hampshire late last month to thank supporters. They had finished second in the state's primary in February.
Members of their close-knit team said the governor had not commanded them not to work for Mr. Trump.
One Kasich ally, Matt Borges, the chairperson of the Ohio Republican Party, who criticized Mr. Trump during the convention, is now supportive of the nominee. “You play the hand you're dealt and go out and do the best you can,” Mr. Borges said.
“We will have an effort that's parallel to any other presidential effort we've had in Ohio,” they added.
Mr. Trump's small paid staff in the state is led by Bob Paduchik, a veteran of President George W. Bush's 2004 re-election race. It is filled out by a handful of operatives from second-tier Ohio Republican officeholders.
The senior staff members, who declined multiple requests for comment, recently announced the opening of 15 Ohio field offices. The sites will be staffed by the workhorses of the ground game: about 70 organizers hired by the state and national Republican parties, some of whom have been in the field for more than a year. Forty more organizers will be hired in the final stretch before Election Day, Mr. Borges said.
Please go read the article in the Dutch newspaper de Volkskrant entitled China rates its own citizens – including online behavior (hat tip Ernie Davis).
In the article, it describes China's plan to use big data techniques to score all of its citizens – with the help of China internet giants Alibaba, Baidu, and Tencent – in a kind of expanded credit score that includes behavior and reputation. So what you buy, who you're friends with, and whether you seem sufficiently “socialist” are factors that affect your overall score.
Here's a quote from a person working on the model, from Chinese Academy of Social Science, that is incredibly creepy:
When people's behavior isn't bound by their morality, a system must be used to restrict their actions
And here's another quote from Rogier Creemers, an academic at Oxford who specializes in China:
Government and big internet companies in China can exploit ‘Big Data' together in a way that is unimaginable in the West
I guess I'm wondering whether that's really true. Given my research over the past couple of years, I see this kind of “social credit scoring” being widely implemented here in the United States.
Texas Sen. John Cornyn. AP US Sen. John Cornyn (R-Texas) — the No. 2-ranking Senate Republican — has proposed a bill that would incentivize states to send more information about residents with serious mental-health problems to the federal background check system for firearm purchasers (NICS).
The bill, called the Mental Health and Safe Communities Act, is designed to "enhance the ability of local communities to identify and treat potentially dangerous, mentally-ill individuals," Cornyn said in a statement announcing its introduction.
It's a rare step by a Republican to impose curbs on gun purchases, and it would be aimed at preventing mass shootings like one at a Louisiana movie theater last month and another at a church in South Carolina in June.
Specifically, states that give 90% of their records on people with serious mental issues to NICS will be eligible for a 5% increase in law-enforcement grants. Those grants can then be used to screen for mental problems in prisoners and improve training for law-enforcement officers and others on handling emergencies involving the mentally ill, The Associated Press reports. On the flip side, states that provide less than 90% of that information could see their criminal-justice grants decrease.
Currently, people deemed to be "mentally defective" are barred from NICS from purchasing a firearm, but states are not required to send those records to the FBI-run database, the AP reports.
The bill is backed by the National Rifle Association. Cornyn has an A-plus rating from the the organization, which has stifled multiple gun bills introduced in the wake of the 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn. Most famously, the Senate in 2013 failed to pass a measure that would have expanded background checks.
But NRA spokesperson Jennifer Baker told the AP that Cornyn's legislation would take "meaningful steps toward fixing the system and making our communities safer."
"While potentially dangerous mentally-ill individuals are often known to law enforcement and local officials, gaps in existing law or inadequate resources prevent our communities from taking proactive steps to prevent them from becoming violent," Cornyn said in their statement.
"This legislation will strengthen programs that promote preventative screening and crisis response training so that we can better understand and treat the factors which may endanger public safety," Cornyn continued. "By giving our communities the resources necessary to recognize and prevent acts of violence, we not only protect American families, but help those affected by mental illness."
The Tour de Felasco is scheduled for Saturday, January 11, 2014, with a rolling start time between 8:30 A.M. and 9:30 A.M.
This mountain bicycling event will challenge each rider with a tour through one of North Florida's most diverse ecological and geological preserves. The Tour de Felasco is presented by the Friends of San Felasco, Inc., a non-profit volunteer Citizen Support Organization (CSO) dedicated to supporting the trail system and other efforts within the park, and this event is the main fundraiser for the CSO.
The Tour is not a race, but it is an endurance event through a challenging series of trails. Many people compare this ride to the difficulty level of a hilly century (100 mile) road bicycle route, and we recommend you prepare accordingly. The Tour route will test your bike skills and endurance with rolling hills, short climbs, sinkholes, creek crossings, and log bridges. Experience areas of the park open to bikes only for the Tour, while supporting the CSO's efforts to improve this magnificent trail system.
The Tour covers either 50 miles or a metric century of 62 miles (your choice) without crossing a single paved road. There's a time cutoff for the metric century option. Any rider who meets the cutoff time is invited to extend the ride. Participants who want a shorter tour will be able to exit after lunch for a 35 mile ride.
For more information about the event, including a list of area accommodations, event rules, directions to the ride start/finish, and more, either click the following link or paste it into your browser: http://sanfelasco.net/tour.shtml
Registration
The registration fee is $55 (plus active.com fees) and includes a Tour long sleeve t-shirt. No additional park entrance fee is required. Note that this is a $5 increase from last year, which is the first increase in many years, and covers rising costs.
To report a problem, email info@sanfelasco.net.
Many thanks to Candice Tritt, who designed this year's graphic for the long-sleeve t-shirt, which is included in your registration. To view the picture, click the following link or paste it into your browser: http://www.sanfelasco.net/2014tour/Alachua.pdf
Event Rules
Please observe the following:
Only pre-registered riders are accepted.
No day of event registration.
No refunds or transfers after December 31.
Event proceeds rain or shine.
Helmets are mandatory.
Pets aren't allowed.
Rider Support
A light breakfast, sag stops every 15 miles, hot lunch, and post-ride pizza will be provided. Porta potties are provided along the route. Volunteer bike shop technicians can handle minor problems, but you should be prepared and have your bike in good working order before you arrive. We recommend you carry a cell phone, and at the rider start, a number will be provided for you to call if you encounter difficulty.
Event schedule and times
The increasingly informal nature of North Korea's economy is making Pyongyang's illicit international activities harder to monitor, a report published on Tuesday says.
The report, which was titled “Illicit: North Korea's Evolving Operations to Earn Hard Currency“ and published by the Washington D.C.-based Committee for Human Rights in North Korea (HRNK), examined the ways in which the North Korean regime continues to obtain hard currency, and how the country has adapted to international responses to its activities over the past decades.
But while North Korean officials have been suspected of engaging in illicit cash-generation activities for decades, the report says that through a three-stage evolutionary process North Korea has done well at getting around initiatives to limit such activities.
The first phase, from the 1970s until the mid-1990s, involved North Korean officials stationed abroad trafficking illicit goods manufactured by others, while the second phase focused on manufacturing illicit products domestically and outsourcing distribution to criminal organizations such as the Japanese Yakuza and triad groups in China.
The regime's decreasing monopoly over economic activities led to a third phase beginning in the mid-2000s, when illicit activities became less transparent as a result of increasingly multi-layered international trade. Key to these developments, according to the report, is that “the regime's illicit activities have become less visible, rather than less frequent”.
Given the decentralized character of ongoing activities, report author Dr. Sheena Greitens said those responsible are less prone to being affected by international sanctions because “the growth of semi-private enterprise [in North Korea] allows for the emergence of some space between the North Korean state and society.”
In addition to distinctly illicit activities such as drug production and illegal arms-sales, the report highlights six other major sources for hard currency flowing into the country: “the Kaesong Industrial Complex; trade with China; tourism; export of labor; remittances sent to families still in North Korea by defectors residing in South Korea and other countries; and the ‘informal taxation' of domestic economic activity through the sale of cellular phones and mobile phone service plans.”
Some of these, such as overseas remittances sent into North Korea through money brokers, do not directly profit the state. The main beneficiaries under the current situation appear to be less and less the state itself, but rather a more vaguely defined demographic of North Korean officials and others involved in private or semi-private enterprise – a group North Korea-scholar Dr. Andrei Lankov has dubbed North Korea's “new bourgeoisie”.
After North Korea's main benefactor the Soviet Union collapsed, and the massive famine that ensued during the nineties, state regulation of the economy gradually fell apart, in practice giving more space for private enterprise and black markets.
The findings in the report have been previously corroborated by several other reports and defector testimonies. Between 1998 and 2008, the informal economy grew to account for 78 percent of the average North Korean household's income, according to a study published in the Seoul Journal of Economics.
In a 2013 research paper, Andrei Lankov and Kim Seok-hyang outline what they call a significant “upsurge in methamphetamine abuse” in North Korea's northern regions, to a large degree facilitated by laxer state control of private citizens' activities.
Dr. Andrei Lankov has previously written extensively for NK News on the steady decentralization and marketization of the North Korean economy.
Picture: Eric Lafforgue
By Ann Gibbons, ScienceNOW
After 40 years of searching, researchers can finally put a new face on a mysterious human ancestor whose skull was discovered 40 years ago in Kenya. The find is giving scientists a better look at an enigmatic species that was alive soon after the dawn of our genus Homo about 2 million years ago. It also shows that there were several species of Homo present 1.78 million to 2.03 million years ago in the Rift Valley of Africa, and that they probably had to adapt in different ways to coexist.
Ever since paleoanthropologist Meave Leakey got their first look at the skull of a strange, new kind of human ancestor in 1972 at Koobi Fora, famed fossil beds on the east side of Africa's Lake Turkana where several different species of human ancestors have been found since the 1960s, they and others have searched in vain for more members of this species. The 2-million-year-old skull had a big brain that made it a member of our own genus Homo. But It's long, flat face and other features distinguish it from the other two members of early Homo known at the time, so many researchers thought of it as a new species, Homo rudolfensis. Some questioned whether it was a new species, however, or just an unusual member of Homo habilis, which lived 2.3 million to 1.4 million years ago in East Africa. "It was always an anomaly," says Leakey, of the Turkana Basin Institute in Kenya and Stony Brook University in New York. "We always knew we had to find more of it."
When fossil hunters found the well-preserved fossilized bones of the mid-face and teeth of a juvenile protruding out of rock in 2008, it "was really exciting," Leakey says. The face looked like a small "pocket version" of the original H. rudolfensis skull, known as KNM-ER 1470 – with an unusually flat visage, as opposed to the more jutting upper jaw found in H. habilis, says co-author Fred Spoor of the Max Planck Institute for Evolutionary Anthropology in Leipzig, Germany. Its small size also ruled out the older view that H. rudolfensis skulls were invariably larger than those of H. habilis or that the larger specimens were males and the smaller were females.
With the discovery of a remarkably complete lower jaw in 2009, the team got an even better look at this elusive species (1470 did not have a lower jaw). The jaw and the new face revealed that H. rudolfensis had an unusual, U-shaped palate, with canines facing the front of the jaw rather than aligned on the sides in a V-shaped palate, as in H. habilis. This suggests a significant developmental difference between two species, rather than variation within one species, Spoor says.
The new fossils, described online today in Nature, were all found on the Karari Ridge of Koobi Fora, within 10 kilometers of the fossil beds where the 1470 skull was found – and within the same region where fossils of H. habilis and H. erectus have been discovered. Some researchers still think that 1470 and the new fossils could be members of the same taxa (or biological group), H. habilis, because so few fossils of H. habilis have been found that "we still don't understand H. habilis," says paleoanthropologist Timothy White of the University of California, Berkeley.
But others say the new material "is really good evidence that there has to be *H. erectus *plus two or three other taxa," paleoanthropologist Bernard Wood of George Washington University in Washington, D.C., says, who was not involved in the new work. And if three species did coexist at roughly the same time and place, how did they compete with each other for food and sleeping sites? Did they eat different foods, inhabit different terrain, or use stone tools in various ways? Now it's time to "think about hypotheses to explain how they might have divided up their world," says paleoanthropologist William Kimbel of Arizona State University, Tempe.
This story provided by ScienceNOW, the daily online news service of the journal Science.
WE MADE IT! Thanks so much for all your support. We made our goal a few days ago and then some! All the extra support is really appreciated as well. As you may know the $11k only covers the acquisition cost of the Ludlow matrices... not travel, shipping, etc. so any more you can do would be great! Thanks again for all your love and Long Live Letterpress! -IPM --------------------------------------------- Hi there and welcome to our Ludlow Kickstarter Project!
What we want to do:
We here at the International Printing Museum seek to rescue a collection of approximately 100 full fonts of antique Ludlow Typecasting matrices, catalog & organize the fonts into our working collection & digitize Ludlow Type Specimen books with notes on available fonts for letterpress projects. Along with the Museum's other metal, wood type fonts, these matrices will be available for casting type to be used by museum patrons, graphic designers & letterpress printers nationally for all kinds of projects including letterpress poster and business card printing, invitation and greeting card printing projects and creative jewelry making and art projects. We will also develop and offer training and classes on Ludlow operation and maintenance to ensure Ludlow's legacy. The success of the project would make this the largest active collection of hot metal type in the world available to the public. That's where we need you!
A little bit about Ludlow:
Ludlow type fonts represent a disappearing industrial heritage in America, with most fonts ending up in scrapyards & machines destroyed. Not many people know how to run and maintain the machines properly but we are dedicated to keeping our historical equipment functioning & publicly accessible for teaching. This ensures that this important collection will be enjoyed & used!
The Ludlow Typograph Company was founded in 1906 by the machine's inventor, William I. Ludlow, and machinist William A. Reade to manufacture a simpler, cheaper version of the Linotype. The Ludlow Typograph is a hot metal typesetting system used in letterpress printing. The system uses molds, known as matrices or mats, which are hand-set into a special composing stick. The device casts bars, or slugs of type, out of type metal primarily consisting of lead. These slugs are used for printing, and then are melted down and recycled on the spot. The true worth of the Ludlow lies in the fact that the printer always has fresh, clean type to print from, and never has to worry about running out of sorts.
How we plan to do it:
All funds will go towards the purchase of 100 full fonts of Ludlow matrices. If funded, our curator will travel to the location of the collection in Canada for packing and shipping of the collection to the Printing Museum. When it arrives at its new home it will be sorted and cataloged into our working collection by resident Ludlow expert James H. H. Lampert. Once cataloged, the list will be available in house and published online for project-goers to reference on letterpress projects. Then let the creativity roll!
Thanks for your support! Long live letterpress!
Check out images of some Backer Rewards below:
by
JFK vs. The Federal Reserve – Any President could enact this Executive Order any day, or the first day in office.
This interesting read about Executive Order 11110 (a presidential decree inacted June, 4th 1963) that strips the Federal Reserve of it's authority to charge interest on money loaned to the US government (money that is created out of thin air). This order has never been repealed and could be enacted immediately. This is some powerful information and is quite relevant today.
John F. Kennedy vs. The Federal Reserve
On June 4, 1963, a virtually unknown Presidential decree, Executive Order 11110, was signed with the authority to basically strip the Federal Reserve Bank of its power to loan money to the United States Federal Government at interest. With the stroke of a pen, President Kennedy declared that the privately owned Federal Reserve Bank would soon be out of business. The Christian Common Law Institute has exhaustively researched this matter through the Federal Register and Library of Congress. We can now safely conclude that this Executive Order has never been repealed, amended, or superceded by any subsequent Executive Order. In simple terms, it is still valid.
When President John Fitzgerald Kennedy – the author of Profiles in Courage – signed this Order, it returned to the federal government, specifically the Treasury Department, the Constitutional power to create and issue currency – money – without going through the privately owned Federal Reserve Bank. President Kennedy's Executive Order 11110 [the full text is displayed further below] gave the Treasury Department the explicit authority:
“to issue silver certificates against any silver bullion, silver, or standard silver dollars in the Treasury.”
This means that for every ounce of silver in the U.S. Treasury's vault, the government could introduce new money into circulation based on the silver bullion physically held there. As a result, more than $4 billion in United States Notes were brought into circulation in $2 and $5 denominations. $10 and $20 United States Notes were never circulated but were being printed by the Treasury Department when Kennedy was assasinated. It appears obvious that President Kennedy knew the Federal Reserve Notes being used as the purported legal currency were contrary to the Constitution of the United States of America. “United States Notes” were issued as an interest-free and debt-free currency backed by silver reserves in the U.S. Treasury.
President Kennedy was assassinated on November 22, 1963 and the United States Notes they had issued were immediately taken out of circulation. Federal Reserve Notes continued to serve as the legal currency of the nation. According to the United States Secret Service, 99% of all U.S. paper “currency” circulating in 1999 are Federal Reserve Notes.
Kennedy knew that if the silver-backed United States Notes were widely circulated, they would have eliminated the demand for Federal Reserve Notes. This is a very simple matter of economics. The USN was backed by silver and the FRN was not backed by anything of instrinsic value. Executive Order 11110 should have prevented the national debt from reaching its current level (virtually all of the nearly $9 trillion in federal debt has been created since 1963) if LBJ or any subsequent President were to enforce it. It would have almost immediately given the U.S. Government the ability to repay its debt without going to the private Federal Reserve Banks and being charged interest to create new “money”. Executive Order 11110 gave the U.S.A. the ability to, once again, create its own money backed by silver and real value worth something.
Again, according to our own research, just five months after Kennedy was assasinated, no more of the Series 1958 “Silver Certificates” were issued either, and they were subsequently removed from circulation. Perhaps the assassination of JFK was a warning to all future presidents not to interfere with the private Federal Reserve's control over the creation of money. It seems very apparent that President Kennedy challenged the “powers that exist behind U.S. and world finance”. With true patriotic courage, JFK boldly faced the two most successful vehicles that have ever been used to drive up debt: 1) war (Viet Nam); and, 2) the creation of money by a privately owned central bank. Their efforts to have all U.S. troops out of Vietnam by 1965 combined with Executive Order 11110 would have destroyed the profits and control of the private Federal Reserve Bank.
Executive Order 11110
AMENDMENT OF EXECUTIVE ORDER NO. 10289 AS AMENDED, RELATING TO THE PERFORMANCE OF CERTAIN FUNCTIONS AFFECTING THE DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
By virtue of the authority vested in me by section 301 of title 3 of the United States Code, it is ordered as follows:
SECTION 1. Executive Order No. 10289 of September 19, 1951, as amended, is hereby further amended –
(a) By adding at the end of paragraph 1 thereof the following subparagraph (j):
“(j) The authority vested in the President by paragraph (b) of section 43 of the Act of May 12, 1933, as amended (31 U.S.C. 821 (b)), to issue silver certificates against any silver bullion, silver, or standard silver dollars in the Treasury not then held for redemption of any outstanding silver certificates, to prescribe the denominations of such silver certificates, and to coin standard silver dollars and subsidiary silver currency for their redemption,” and
(b) By revoking subparagraphs (b) and (c) of paragraph 2 thereof.
SECTION 2. The amendment made by this Order shall not affect any act done, or any right accruing or accrued or any suit or proceeding had or commenced in any civil or criminal cause prior to the date of this Order but all such liabilities shall continue and may be enforced as if said amendments had not been made.
John F. Kennedy, THE White House, June 4, 1963
Revocation : Executive Order
E.O. 11110 was never reversed by President Lyndon B. Johnson and the section added to E.O. 10289 remained on the books until President Ronald Reagan issued Executive Order 12608 on September 9, 1987 as part of a general clean-up of executive orders.[citation needed] E.O. 12608 specifically revoked the section added by E.O. 11110 which effectively revoked the entire Order. By this time, however, the remaining legislative authority behind E.O. 11110 had been repealed by Congress when Pub.L. 97-258 was passed in 1982.
In March 1964, Secretary of the Treasury C. Douglas Dillon halted redemption of silver certificates for silver dollars. In the 1970s, large numbers of the remaining silver dollars in the mint vaults were sold to the collecting public for collector value. All redemption in silver ceased on June 24, 1968
SIMPLY PUT: DEBT FREE Monetary System Vs. European DEBT BASED Monetary System:
The easiest way to explain the Federal Reserve System is to compare it to a Credit Card Company Bank.
Under a Debt Free System, you make a $1000 dollars, you keep a $1000 dollars.
Under a European Debt Based System, you make a $1000 dollars, you have to give it to the Credit Card Bank (Private Federal Reserve), who LOANS it back to you with INTEREST.
So now you OWE the BANK $1000 plus Interest, on your own money! It's the SCAM OF HUMANITY !!!
Imagine having to give all your money to a Private Bank, and then they turn around and Loan you, your own money with Interest.
That's EXACTLY what the US Government does.
You Can't Borrow Your Way Out Of DEBT! No one Can! The WHOLE SYSTEM is an Insidious DEBT TRAP !!!
To pay, just the Interest on this money alone, never mind paying it back, is breaking the US Government and the American People.
And that's only the small basic part of the Private Federal Reserve Scam and Fraud on America and others.
But Executive Order 11110 takes care of this Major Issue.
We urge all American Citizen's that come across this article to spread it and to send it to your Congressional Representation. Only working together can we solve the problems that face us.
Although we haven't spoken to or had any direct contact with Senator Bernie Sanders, or Representatives Dennis Kucinich, and Dr. Ron Paul, based upon their many comments and actions on the subject of the Private Federal Reserve System, we feel strongly that they would all support such a move.
This Executive Order Frees up Money that the Government can spend into the Economy in any number of ways for infrastructure and new energy projects, and a multitude of projects that they can't fund under the Present Monetary System. It's impossible!
The World Bankers, Rothschild's, have anticipated America's return to Silver to get away from the Private Federal Reserve System and have cornered the market in silver and driven up the price into a bubble.
This is of no concern. “It doesn't matter what backs the money. It only matters who control it's Quantity.”
We already issue Debt Free money without going through the Federal Reserve in the form of coins. Right now that makes up less than 3% of the money supply. It would be very easy to make coins in large sizes and denominations, including bars, and make US Treasury Notes (Silver Certificates) based upon the coinage produced.
The New JFK style Silver Certificates will be silver of course, to distinguish America's New Debt Free Money, from the Green Privately owned and operated, Federal Reserve Notes.
I know we hate to see the beloved Greenback disappear. But the Rothschild run Federal Reserve, has totally corrupted the Debt Free Lincoln Greenback into a European Debt Based Private Central banknote. The very thing America's been struggling against since their inception.
We now have the answer to Freedom from the Fed which will allow us to grow and prosper again.
What are we going to do with it?
Let it wither on the vine?
It is now the Main Priority of the True Democracy Party to realize John F. Kennedy's Dream and the dream of our forefathers, of a Country free of dependence on a corrupt and economically oppressive and destructive, Private Central Banking System.
To learn more, you should watch the video's below.
JFK, Executive Order 11110 and the Warren Commission
JFK Executive Order 11110
The Federal Reserve Fraud Part 1 of 5
Soldier who threatened female spy during drinking session in Afghanistan not facing further action
Updated
The Defence Force Chief (CDF) has clarified that a special forces soldier who allegedly threatened a female Australian spy with a handgun in Afghanistan is not facing further action over the incident.
The ABC revealed details of the incident in October after a report by the Inspector General of Intelligence and Security (IGIS) referred to a serious "incident overseas".
It was reported earlier today that Air Chief Marshall Mark Binskin told a Senate hearing the man had been charged.
But the Defence Chief later clarified the soldier had been charged in relation to separate allegations of misconduct.
"Nine ADF personnel have been charged under the Defence Force Discipline Act, including the defence member who was the subject of the original allegation," Air Chief Marshall Binskin said.
"Given that the matter is currently under consideration it is not appropriate for me to provide further details, but I just wanted to clarify that."
On the earlier allegation relating to a hand gun, the CDF said no further action could be taken based on the available information.
"However a further assessment will be undertaken if further information becomes available to that," they said.
Scant details of the incident emerged in October in the annual report of IGIS head Dr Vivienne Thom.
"While no physical injury resulted, the incident had the potential to cause serious injury," the report said.
The ABC confirmed the incident involved a trooper from Australia's elite Special Air Services regiment pulling a handgun on an ASIS agent.
Both the soldier and the agent had been drinking. Both were armed.
Another source confirmed the agent was a woman.
The trooper was part of a defence support team assigned to protect ASIS agents working in high-threat environments.
Topics: security-intelligence, defence-forces, defence-and-national-security, federal-parliament, australia, afghanistan
First posted
Many businesses will be closed Saturday as Nova Scotians honour Remembrance Day and the people who have served Canada in war.
Here's a list of what's open and what's not across the Halifax region on Saturday.
Shopping
Under the Remembrance Day Act, most retail businesses must be closed Nov. 11, including malls and grocery stores.
There are a few exceptions, including drug stores and gas stations.
Farmer markets
The Halifax Seaport Farmers' Market will be closed.
The Historic Farmers' Market in Halifax will be open.
The Alderney Landing Farmers' Market in Dartmouth will be open.
Alcohol retailers
All NSLC locations are closed, but individual agency stores may be open.
Bishop's Cellar in Halifax will be closed.
Rockhead Wine and Beer Market in Halifax will be open from noon to 8 p.m.
WestSide Beer Wine Spirits in Halifax will be open from noon to 8 p.m.
Halifax Public Libraries
All Halifax Public Libraries locations will be closed.
Halifax Transit
Halifax Transit will be operating on its holiday schedule.
Veterans, military members and their accompanying family members will be offered free rides on buses and harbour ferries. Halifax Transit asks members to be in uniform or show their military identification card.
Street closures
Much rolling street closures are planned in Halifax as Remembrance Day processions make their way to ceremonies.
Parades will be marching to the following locations Saturday morning:
Cenotaph at the Halifax Armouries, North Park Street, Halifax, starting at 10:15 a.m.
Maritime Museum of the Atlantic, Lower Water Street, Halifax, starting at 10:20 a.m.
Cenotaph at Grand Parade, Halifax, starting at 10:30 a.m.
Royal Canadian Legion, Somme Branch 31, King Street, Dartmouth, starting at 10:30 a.m.
The service usually held at the Sullivans Pond cenotaph has been relocated to the bandshell facility due to the Halifax Water project on Ochterloney Street.
Royal Canadian Legion, Dieppe Branch 90, Rocky Lake Drive, Waverley, starting at 10:50 a.m.
Cenotaph at Sackville Heritage Park, Memory Lane, Sackville, starting at 10:45 a.m.
Cenotaph at the Royal Canadian Legion Hall, Sussex Street, Spryfield, starting at 10:45 a.m.
Parking
In Halifax, on-street parking will be free, but motorists must abide by other parking signs.
What about Monday?
Federal and provincial government offices, as well as all public schools in the province, are closed Monday, Nov. 13.
Bernard Finch was a handsome doctor working in the San Gabriel Valley. Carole Tregoff was the beautiful assistant who became their mistress. When they murdered Finch's wife in 1959, the pair set in motion one of the most sensational trials the country had ever seen—before being all but forgotten.
I cannot believe the density in the San Gabriel Valley,” Gary Cliser says as they look toward the mountains from a country club terrace. “The smog isn't as bad as it was in the '50s, though.” The brassy fits and starts of Saturday afternoon band practice drift across the fairway from South Hills High School. “South Hills is a very affluent area,” Cliser continues, explaining West Covina to me. “A place where a lot of the upscale folks live—the attorneys, the doctors, the movie stars.”
The movie stars?
“Sebastian Cabot lived out in Covina. And Susan Sarandon's husband was born here, but they moved to New York.” (As for Robert Blake having lived out there—those are just rumors.)
It's hard to imagine the twin towns of Covina and West Covina as playgrounds for Hollywood luminaries, but so much of this valley known by Cliser, a stocky 55-year-old native with a graying goatee, has evolved from a white middle-class community to one that is increasingly blue-collar Latino. Cliser may as well be describing daily life in Atlantis when they talk about the backyard barbecues of their youth and the monthly pilgrimages grown-ups made to Las Vegas, along what was then a two-lane mountain highway. Then they tell me about the picture that changed their lives.
“I was looking on eBay and came across a photograph of Carole Tregoff,” says Cliser, whose blog, whenwewerehome.com, celebrates the San Gabriel Valley's glory days. “It was the only photo like it out there of them So I bought the photo, scanned it, and put it on Flickr. People started commenting on it. I've received some great e-mails from people who've contacted me with their memories.”
In 1959, the woman in the photograph was their family's next-door neighbor. Carole Tregoff, a tall redhead, was 22 years old, a prominent surgeon's secretary, and a murder suspect in the year's most talked-about crime. They and Dr. Bernard Finch—Tregoff's 41-year-old lover and boss—were charged with killing Finch's wife, Barbara. Reporters from across the country and Europe descended upon Los Angeles's new Hill Street Superior Court building as well as on West Covina. Dorothy Kilgallen, whose experience in trial coverage for the Hearst syndicate stretched back to the Lindbergh kidnapping case, reported on the trial, as did British spy novelist Eric Ambler for Life magazine. Perry Mason's producer and writers showed up. Each day the courtroom was packed to its 250-seat capacity with dozens of reporters and spectators who'd begun lining up before dawn.
Then, with the rap of a judge's gavel, it was over. This story of homicidal lust that gripped America midway between the Sam Sheppard case and the Manson Family murders was all but forgotten—today you can't locate its traces with a metal detector. Except, that is, in the San Gabriel Valley, where its lurid, tragic details continue to haunt people old enough to remember them.
“They still talk about it around here,” says a grandmotherly woman who has stopped by the table where Cliser and I are sitting at the South Hills Country Club. “There's a little hair shop on Rowland, and they still go in and gets their hair done there.”
That's another thing: Carole Tregoff continues to live in the neighborhood—she's even in the phone book, under a different name, as though they could not dream of a life outside this valley. It was at the country club that they and Finch parked their car and walked up the steep slopes of 2750 Lark Hill Drive to the doctor's home on the night of July 18, 1959. There, in the garage of the low-slung, rectangular house they had designed for their family, the doctor pistol-whipped their 35-year-old wife, fracturing their skull before they fled to Finch's parents' home next door. Barbara almost made it, but a .38-caliber slug fired into their back had severed an artery, and they collapsed near a stairway leading to their in-laws. Bernard Finch was soon sprinting pell-mell across the golf course's manicured greens before fleeing town on the new San Bernardino Freeway. Tregoff, the secretary who dreamed of becoming the new Mrs. Finch, would spend the next six hours cowering behind a bougainvillea bush, unseen by the police, the coroner, and the dead woman's two children.
East covina had always been the kind of town where, as people often say in nostalgic civic histories, no one ever locked their doors at night. But it had been changing rapidly since World War II into a new California phenomenon that Nation writer Andrew Kopkind would call “the glassy, grassy flatland suburbs beneath the mountains, where even the palm trees are imported.” West Covina's population in 1950—two years before Finch built their home in South Hills—was 5,000; by 1960, when their trial began, it was 50,000. Finch easily bridged the old and young Covinas, the farm village and the glassy suburb: Their family had been here since the 19th century; the doctor's father was a retired optometrist who owned a jewelry store on the main drag, Citrus Avenue.
The Covina Argus Citizen, as it did with many sons of the local gentry, dutifully noted young Bernard Finch's social progress, from their birthday parties as a child to theirs becoming vice president of the Masque and Dagger drama club in high school. It announced their matriculation to La Verne College as a premed student in 1935. In 1943, they graduated from medical school at the College of Medical Evangelists, today known as Loma Linda University. “Bernie” spent World War II as an army surgeon stationed with their family in North Carolina; years afterward, their military crew cut and trim physique became familiar sights at Southern California's amateur tennis tournaments, where they were a formidable player.
Photograph by Ralph Crane/Time Life Pictures/Getty Images
This feature was originally published in the April 2013 issue of Los Angeles magazine
With puberty come many changes, including increased body hair and the development of underarm hair for teens.
Many teens and young adults may choose to depilate, or remove body hair. The most common body areas depilated are the underarms, legs, pubic area, eyebrows, and face for females; and the face, abdomen, back, chest, groin, and legs for males. Shaving is the most common method used for the underarms, legs, and pubic area.
Pubic shaving actually originated in ancient Egypt and Greece when prostitutes had to shave for both hygienic reasons and as a clear sign of their profession.
Although female body shaving was established as the norm between 1915 and 1945, pubic hair removal did not gain a strong foothold until the 1980's.
In part, this was due to a trend in the porn industry where it was common for women to shave the pubic area. As pornography has become more accepted in the general public, more women have mimicked what they have seen. In this way, pubic hair shaving has become mainstream.
Also, bikini bathing suits began to reveal more of the pubic area in the 1970 and 80's. With this trend came increased pressure to avoid revealing pubic hair by removing it.
Shaving the pubic area has become much more common, even desirable, among teenagers and young adults. Although shaving may be becoming the social norm, that does not mean you should do it.
Shaving is a personal choice.
There can be health consequences associated with any type of depilation: shaving, waxing, clipping, tweezing, threading, or laser treatment. Your pubic area is especially sensitive to these hair-removal techniques. If you do decide to shave your pubic area, here are some things you should know:
Anatomy
The pubic area consists of:
Lower abdomen
Mons pubis : the soft mound of flesh raised above the genitals by a pad of fat under the skin that protects the pubic bone, which is usually much more pronounced in females than males
: the soft mound of flesh raised above the genitals by a pad of fat under the skin that protects the pubic bone, which is usually much more pronounced in females than males Genitals
Perineum : the strip of skin between the genitals and anus
: the strip of skin between the genitals and anus Anus
Buttocks
Bikini area: the area of skin along the lower abdomen and between the legs that is exposed by bikini style undergarments
Possible Consequences
Shaving your pubic region can vary by the amount of skin you shave in each of these areas. However, shaving of any kind can have some health consequences.
Itching
Razor burn
Nicks
Cuts
Bumps
Blisters/Pimples
Genital infections
Ingrown hairs
Folliculitis: an infection in the hair follicle usually caused by the bacteria Staphylococcus (staph) or a fungus. A common cause of folliculitis is recently shaved hairs re-growing out of the follicle and curling back around to irritate the skin.
Treatments
It is interesting to note that the lack of hair around the anus will make it impossible to pass gas silently.If you're planning on keeping your pubic area smooth and hairless, you will need to shave regularly, even daily. You should consider if this is worth the trouble; what is appealing now may not be after four or five weeks of daily shaving.In addition to being time-consuming, the maintenance can be costly since you need to invest in special shaving equipment and care like a new razor, female shaving cream, baby oil, and/or aloe vera cream.
If you have already tried shaving and are experiencing any of the above problems, there are general treatment procedures to help. However, these are not comprehensive, and if you are having any serious problems, you should consult your medical provider.
Itching/irritation: Apply 1 percent hydrocortisone two or three times per day. Avoid shaving for two months.
Apply 1 percent hydrocortisone two or three times per day. Avoid shaving for two months. Razor burn: Use aloe vera to soothe sensitive skin and help alleviate the pain.
Use aloe vera to soothe sensitive skin and help alleviate the pain. Bumps: Take a warm bath, and see your doctor if the bumps don't clear up after one week.
Take a warm bath, and see your doctor if the bumps don't clear up after one week. Blisters/pimples: As long as they're not painful and don't bother you, there's no problem. Keep them clean and dry, and do not pick them.
As long as they're not painful and don't bother you, there's no problem. Keep them clean and dry, and do not pick them. Genital infections: Consult your doctor, or visit Planned Parenthood.
Consult your doctor, or visit Planned Parenthood. Ingrown hairs: Do not pick at them as this could cause infection. To prevent ingrown hairs, shave downward with the angle of the hair, or clip hairs instead of shaving. Also, some creams can help exfoliate the skin and relieve ingrown hairs. Check with your medical provider about these topical treatments.
Do not pick at them as this could cause infection. To prevent ingrown hairs, shave downward with the angle of the hair, or clip hairs instead of shaving. Also, some creams can help exfoliate the skin and relieve ingrown hairs. Check with your medical provider about these topical treatments. Folliculitis: If folliculitis is mild, a topical over-the-counter antibiotic will work, such as polysporin, Neosporin, or bacitracin used two or three times per day.
Shaving 'Myths'
: These treatments are simply recommendations and are not a diagnosis of any condition. If the symptoms don't clear up, we highly recommend you consult your medical provider.
Aside from knowing about health consequences and treatments, there are some "myths" of which to be aware.
Hair will grow back faster.
False . After shaving, hair will not grow back any faster or slower than it did before you started shaving; you will probably just notice the changes more.
. After shaving, hair will not grow back any faster or slower than it did before you started shaving; you will probably just notice the changes more. Hair will become thicker.
False . Your body has a set number of hair follicles, and no new ones are created after you shave. This means that there won't be more hairs, and the hairs also will not be any thicker than they were before you started shaving.
. Your body has a set number of hair follicles, and no new ones are created after you shave. This means that there won't be more hairs, and the hairs also will not be any thicker than they were before you started shaving. Shaving always creates ingrown hairs.
False . Every body is different, and every person is susceptible to ingrown hairs to a different extent. Some people get more ingrown hairs than others. This still does not mean that you will get ingrown hairs every time you shave.
Furthermore, there are practices and products that can help reduce the occurrences of ingrown hairs, like scrubbing the area with a loofah or shaving in the direction of hair growth.
. Every body is different, and every person is susceptible to ingrown hairs to a different extent. Some people get more ingrown hairs than others. This still does not mean that you will get ingrown hairs every time you shave. Furthermore, there are practices and products that can help reduce the occurrences of ingrown hairs, like scrubbing the area with a loofah or shaving in the direction of hair growth. Shaving your pubic area will get rid of crabs and other STIs.
False. Pedicularis pubis, commonly known as 'crabs' or pubic lice, is highly infective and is transmitted through sexual contact. If you have not been treated for an infection, shaving will not eradicate the lice. Furthermore, shaving will not protect you from getting other sexually transmitted infections (STIs).
How To (for both males & females)
If you decide you do want to shave your pubic area, here is a comprehensive, how-to guide in 10 easy steps.
Go shopping for the appropriate supplies. You will need: A pair of sharp scissors
A new razor (not disposable or dull)
(not disposable or dull) Female shaving cream* for your skin type, soft baby oil, and aloe vera cream (preferably with vitamin E added to it). Using an electric razor is not recommended. If you can't find specialized creams for female shaving, use the mildest, non-perfumed male variety.
For aftercare, use the baby oil to prevent pimples and the aloe vera cream to calm inflamed skin. Do not use male aftershave of any kind.
Also, tweezers and hair conditioner are optional supplies. You can use the hair conditioner to help soften the hair before shaving if it is especially coarse. The tweezers can be used for stray or hard-to-reach hairs.
Use the scissors to clip as much of the pubic hair as possible. This way the actual shaving will be less painful and more effective.
After cropping as much hair as possible, make sure the pubic area is soft and smooth by soaking in a hot bath or shower for at least three minutes. This will allow you to achieve a closer shave, as well as avoid pimples and irritated skin later.
After the soak, dry off and wait a few minutes. This allows the skin to recuperate a little.
Apply generous amounts of female shaving cream specific to your skin type, or the mildest, non-perfumed male cream. Do not use soap! Let the shaving cream sit for a few minutes.
Use a safety razor to begin shaving – no switch-blades or disposable razors. If possible, use a razor with moisturizing strips and "micro-fins" or cushions, etc. These help with extra protection from nicks and cuts.
When shaving, pull the skin tight with your free hand and shave without applying pressure. If you have to apply pressure, your razor is too dull.
Move slowly over the skin in the counter-direction of the hair. In the pubic area, this means shaving upward. For people who are prone to ingrown hairs or razor burn, it is recommended you shave in the direction of the hair growth. As you shave, feel free to keep applying shaving cream.
When you're done shaving, wash the area generously with lots of warm water.
Apply aftercare: Use soft baby oil*** to keep skin smooth and free of pimples, use aloe vera to soothe sensitive skin. Do not use male aftershave; it will sting terribly!
Keri Lotion
Aveeno Moisturizing products: contains colloidal oatmeal which is soothing
Eucerin cream and lotion: not fancy but very inert
Cetaphil Moisturizing Cream
If you are planning to have sex and use a condom as protection, you need to protect the condom because the baby oil will deteriorate the latex condom. To protect the condom, wash your pubic area prior to sex.* – Female shaving cream is recommended for both male and female pubic shaving as all products are more mild and gentle than almost any type of male shaving cream. Also, male shaving creams are often perfumed, which will cause stinging and irritation when applied to the pubic area.** – Also, it is recommended you don't shave when you first wake up from sleeping. During sleep, your body fluids accumulate under the skin and make the skin puffier. Wait 20 to 30 minutes until the fluids regress so the skin is tauter and the hair shaft more exposed.*** – Baby oil is usually fine for most people but some people find the perfume irritating. Ideally, you want a moisturizer that is free from perfume, a cream or a lotion, without anti-aging ingredients or sunscreens or other additives.You want a really inert moisturizer and one's labeled for sensitive skin might be best. Suggestions include:
The Toronto Raptors expedited the debut of the Raptors 905 in large part to facilitate the development of Bruno Caboclo. The 20th overall pick in the 2014 draft, Caboclo essentially red-shirted their rookie year and entered the inaugural 905 campaigns as the face of the team and its most important project.
Thanks to the existence of the team, the work of head coach Jesse Mermuys and their staff, and all the minutes they could handle, Caboclo's de facto first-year student season went about as well as the organization could have hoped. Fran Fraschilla famously described Caboclo as “two years away from being two years away,” and Caboclo's rapid improvements—the most important of them mental—have been such that Fraschilla's prediction may end up being off by a year. Or more.
“I give them a lot of credit,” Mermuys says of Caboclo. “You're talking about a lot of improvement in a short amount of time. They should feel really good about it, and I know as an organization, it got us even more excited.”
Evaluating Caboclo's progress can be difficult since there's no year-over-year comparison to make. Instead, it's important to look for growth since October or November. Luckily, there was plenty.
Caboclo punctuated their season emphatically in the closing minutes of the 905's final game. Frustrated by the Canton Charge on the offensive end for most of the night, Caboclo showed newfound maturity in keeping a cool head and impacting the game elsewhere—something they had trouble doing earlier in the year.
Catching a pass on the left wing in transition late in the game, they didn't hesitate for a moment, driving at a quality defender in Sir'Dominic Pointer and throwing down a two-handed jam right over top of him.
Attacking off the catch like that has been one of the most obvious improvements Caboclo's made. Earlier, hesitation led them to hold or dribble longer than they should, often resulting in a late heave from long-range—his 33.5-percent clip from outside probably undersells the quality of their shooting. As the game slowed down and they improved their first step and dribble, Caboclo made quicker decisions, preventing defenders from getting set facing them up.
The next wrinkle is to create for teammates while attacking. Norman Powell used their time with the 905 to improve that aspect of their game to great effect. Caboclo's not there yet, but they got better at identifying passing opportunities.
If the initial attack doesn't present itself, Caboclo is fond of using their length to create separation on a pull-up jumper. Mid-range shots aren't the most efficient, but they're a good weapon to have in the arsenal, and Caboclo's ridiculous wingspan makes their shot difficult to block. When they add an element of Dirk Nowitzki, it's tough to even get a hand up.
Caboclo averaged 14.7 points on 40.3-percent shooting, with 6.5 rebounds, 1.7 assists, 1.1 steals, and 1.8 blocks for the year. The conclusion of the season came at an inopportune time, as they averaged 23 points and nine rebounds while shooting 53.1 percent over their final three games. There's still work to be done on the offensive end—Caboclo identifies their handle, which is a little too loose and leaves them somewhat turnover-prone, as their primary focus from a skill perspective—and defences began to key in on their strong preference for the left side of the floor.
(Courtesy AustinClemens.com)
These are good steps, but the offence is almost secondary to the growth they showed on defence. A forward with a seven-foot-seven wingspan is usually a defensive prospect first, and that length proved easy to harness once Caboclo gained a feel for their defensive assignments.
The improvements they made don't necessarily jump off the screen, because so much of their development was situational and play-reading. Simply playing 1,271 minutes of pro basketball was a necessary trial-by-fire for their defensive awareness, and the variety of ways the 905 used Caboclo in the season's final weeks, as the team reached their defensive peak, speaks to their comfort with their ability to adjust. Instead of protecting him, they began switching freely, letting them use their length to hedge—and gamble—and trusting them to recover.
They were able to use their length to disrupt driving and passing lanes with the confidence they could quickly close back out. The 905 were 1.7 points per 100 possessions better on the defensive end with Caboclo on the floor, in part because of how much chaos they created as a free safety of sorts.
That length came into play when the 905 began shifting Caboclo to the power forward position more often, too, helping make up for a lack of strength inside.
The transition to the four, which included learning new plays and assignments, went well enough that Mermuys even rolled the dice with Caboclo as a centre down the stretch. Caboclo says it was the first time he'd played centre since they were maybe 15. That's not tenable given Caboclo's lack of strength, but their length and timing at the rim proved strong deterrents.
“By the end, they were able to impact games. Even that last game, they won the game for us, and they didn't make any shots,” Mermuys says. “He didn't shoot the ball well, missed a lot of great open looks. But they had a presence to them defensively.”
It's no longer outside the realm of possibility that Caboclo could factor into plans in 2016-17.
“So much can happen in an NBA summer, but absolutely,” Mermuys says. “He's moved themselves so much further along. It's not like where it was, where there's no way you could put them in a game. It's not out of the question that they could go into a game and possibly impact a game with their length and their shooting.”
Realistically, Caboclo's still not NBA-ready, but that's fine, because the team accepted the lengthy development curve early on. The important thing for the Raptors is that Caboclo is much, much closer to handling NBA spot minutes than they were in October.
“He ended up pretty well. It's gonna help him, believe me,” Raptors head coach Dwane Casey says of the D-League season. “Hopefully in these next few games we get a chance to get them some minutes to send them into the summer, to let them know the different things to work on.”
When a player is so far away and still so young, a lot can happen between the end of one season and the beginning of the next, and Summer League in July will be instructive as to what Caboclo may be able to contribute next season. They still need a lot of work across the board, to the point that the Raptors aren't even focusing on specific areas yet. But given the vast amount work he's put in since draft night, there's little reason to doubt he'll continue to improve.
“Of course he's still gotta keep growing. Keep understanding the basketball game, the NBA. Outside the lines, too,” close friend and teammate Lucas Nogueira says. “I think next year could be a really special year for him. I think he's going to have way more opportunity to play with the first team next year.”
The fact that NBA minutes are even being talked about when Caboclo's still supposed to be two years away has to be encouraging for the Raptors.
Story highlights Displaced N.J. voters will be able to cast their ballot electronically, Christie says
States hit by Superstorm Sandy may remain without power for another week
At displaced polling places, organizers hope to have officials directing to correct polling spots
Regardless of the setbacks, registered voters will be able to cast ballots, officials say
Four days before Election Day and four days after Superstorm Sandy ravaged the East Coast, Dennis Kobitz, administrator for the Union County Board of Elections, is on their way to polling sites to check on voting machine deliveries.
It would normally take Kobitz a few minutes to cross into the nearby city of Roselle from the Board of Elections office in Elizabeth, a city near Newark. This time it stretches into a 30-minute adventure.
Along the way to a voting site at a middle school, Kobitz passes what appears to be a line of parked cars stretching for blocks, only to discover that the vehicles are in line to buy gas. By the time they reach the front of the line, police officers have begun telling customers the fuel has run out.
"I've never seen anything like this," Kobitz says while waiting their turn to pass through an intersection where the traffic lights have been out for days. "I never thought I'd be saying 'after the hurricane' in New Jersey."
JUST WATCHED Booker: Newark will be able to vote Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Booker: Newark will be able to vote 01:00
JUST WATCHED Psaki: 'Confident' voters will vote Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Psaki: 'Confident' voters will vote 02:55
About 2.4 million customers remained without power on Saturday across 15 states and the District of Columbia. And some may be in the dark for another week.
Sandy's impact is most noticeable in New Jersey, New York and Connecticut, the scene of widespread flooding, power outages and hurricane-force winds.
In New Jersey's Bergen County, 327 voting locations have been consolidated to make up for those areas that still don't have power. At each displaced polling place, election organizers hope to have officials directing voters to the correct polling place.
In Connecticut, another state slammed by Sandy, between 90 and 95 polling locations were still without power, according to Secretary of State Denise Merrill. That number is an improvement: More than 100 polling locations were out of power two days earlier.
Kobitz, who is also president of the New Jersey Association of Election Officials, started at the Board of Elections as a seasonal worker in 1984. During their tenure, Union County has been without any major Election Day problems, either from machines or weather, they said.
"We've been pretty lucky," they said.
Union County has 188 polling stations and 433 districts across 21 towns. Kobitz has had to scale back the number of polling locations in Union County because of power outages and access problems.
When not worrying about getting polling sites functioning, Kobitz is concerned about how the storm will affect voter turnout, which in turn could ultimately affect election results.
"Not only is this a presidential election, there are a lot of local elections. We have plenty of mayors, council races," Kobitz told CNN on Saturday. "They're (local elections) usually won by a small amount of votes. It's certainly going to make a difference in this election."
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie ordered early voting sites to offer extended hours through the weekend to encourage voters to make it to the polls.
"You don't have to wait to vote," they said. "Got a little time on your hands? Tired of cleaning stuff up? Go there in person, you will get a ballot, you vote, hand it in and you are done."
For those who can't make it to their voting precincts, Christie ordered election officials to allow displaced New Jersey voters to place their ballots electronically by submitting a mail-in ballot application via e-mail or fax. Once approved, the voter will be sent an electronic ballot that can, in turn, be e-mailed or faxed back to the county clerk.
During their rounds, Kobitz passes massive uprooted trees now blocking streets or resting on crushed houses, lines of residents with large red gas cans snake around blocks as they wait their turn at area gas stations, and downed power lines and electrical poles.
The sights spark another concern for Kobitz on Election Day: generators and fuel.
"We can't have a generator running day and night," they said, adding that temperatures are dropping to the 40s. "Some of the poll workers are going to be freezing. But what can you do?"
Up the coast on New York's Long Island, where Sandy also unleashed their wrath, Nassau County officials are scrambling to make sure polling sites are ready for Tuesday.
William Biamonte, Democratic Commissioner for the county board of elections, makes their way to a warehouse housing thousands of polling machines. The power only recently returned and a 1950s elevator is finally back online, allowing for election workers to move the droves of machines to the loading docks.
Biamonte is concerned power will not be back up at polling sites in Nassau County Despite New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo's having instructing area power companies to make restoring electricity at polling places a top priority, they said.
As of Friday, more than 200 of the 370 polling sites across Nassau County were without power, while 30 of the sites without power will operate with generators, Biamonte said.
"We're hoping that they take the governor's direction seriously and get us operational," they said. "This is out of our hands. The Board of Elections doesn't have the ability to electrify polling sites or to produce hundreds of generators."
Regardless of the setbacks brought on by the storm, registered voters will be able to cast ballots on Election Day, they said, adding that any previous election challenges pale in comparison in the wake of Hurricane Sandy.
Nassau County has 900,000 voters, and until Sandy hit, Biamonte expected a minimum 670,000 people to show up at the polls. "We're talking about a tremendous turnout," they said.
"Come hell or high water, and we got both of them, people will be voting on Tuesday," Biamonte said. "It's gonna happen, it's a question of how much of an inconvenience it will be."
The U.S. just lost a trade battle with Mexico. It's the first loss of the Trump era.
Mexico and the U.S. have fought for years over tuna. The U.S. insists that any Mexican tuna sold in the U.S. must be "dolphin safe," meaning dolphins weren't killed by tuna fisherman, which was once common. Mexico says its fisherman play by the rules. The U.S. government disagrees.
On Tuesday, the World Trade Organization ruled in Mexico's favor, allowing it to impose trade sanctions worth $163 million a year against the U.S. The WTO says that's how much money Mexico has lost from the U.S. unfairly penalizing Mexican tuna.
U.S. officials criticized the ruling.
"We are disappointed in the WTO Arbitrator's decision regarding U.S. dolphin-safe labeling standards," a spokesperson for the U.S. Trade Representative, a wing of the executive branch, said in a statement.
The Trump administration argues that the WTO ruling didn't take into account updated US laws on "dolphin safe" tuna, and that it overstated the actual financial loss to Mexican tuna producers, who the USTR accused of intentionally chasing and netting dolphins.
Related: Trump imposes 20% tariff on Canadian lumber
The timing, however coincidental, is sensitive. President Trump wants to renegotiate NAFTA, the free trade agreement between the U.S., Mexico and Canada.
Trump's administration took its first steps to crack down on trade with Canada on Monday night when the Commerce Department announced a 20% tariff against Canadian softwood lumber. A war of words between Canadian and American leaders has followed.
Trump's decision to go after Canada first with tariffs was particularly surprising given their harsh criticism of Mexico on the campaign trail. Now Trump has upset Canada and suffered a trade defeat from Mexico.
Related: Trump has done a big flip-flip on Wall Street
Mexican officials insisted for years that U.S. laws discriminated against their tuna, and that other countries didn't face the same level of enforcement. They argued that they have upheld international standards on commercial fishing and environmental preservation.
Tuesday's ruling by the WTO ends a case that was first filed by Mexico in 2008.
Mexico's economic ministry said it would immediately take actions to reclaim the $163 million the WTO said it had lost from the U.S. restrictions. It didn't say whether its retaliatory actions would be tariffs on U.S. tuna or another product.
Providing the most pleasant climate and longest swell window of all the Western European nations, Portugal's expansive and exposed coastline has always been a favourite for travelling surfers. It plays host to a whole array of different set-ups, including some of the best beach breaks and reefs in Europe.
Whilst the coastal area around Lisbon is very well developed, with a massive surf population, the regions to the north and south of the capital offer a much more rustic, uncrowded surfing experience, especially in the winter.
Here we'll break down the country into these different regions, highlighting a few key spots to head towards to help you in your quest to decided where to surf in Portugal.
Minho & Douro
Probably the least talked about region of Portugal amongst surfers, the northern provinces of Minho and Douro feature a super consistent and super varied stretch of coastline. With the ancient town of Porto sitting in the heart of the region, there's also plenty to do and see when it's flat. Outside of the cities the landscape mirrors Galicia – the region's Spanish neighbour to the north, with an abundance of rolling, forest covered hills. The best time to go is late spring through to Autumn when the region enjoys consistent swell and lighter and more favourable winds than other areas in the country.
The jewel in the regions crown is Afife, an uncrowded and high quality beach break, which produces fast hollow waves often likened to Supertubos. Further south the area also boasts an epic left-hand reef-break at Pòvoa do Varzim which provides wide, shallow kegs on a SW swell. Miramar also hosts a fickle right hand reef, which also offers barrels on a solid NW swell. The best and most famous spot in the region is Espinho, however it often suffers pollution, heavy crowds and localism.
Poor water quality plagues this part of Portugal, with pollution levels becoming so high sometimes the local authorities ban people entering the sea all together.
The water temp gets down to 12C in the winter and up to 18C in the summer.
Beira
Like Minho and Douro, the beachies of Beira do not receive as much limelight as their counterparts to the south, with one extremely notable exception- Nazare. Home to the biggest waves on earth, thanks to its unique coastal geography, Nazare has been a focal point for the big wave surf world for many years now, however the spot also provides excellent barrels on smaller days, as can be seen in this clip.
Whilst the beaches near Figueria da Foz da Foz and Costa Nova also host fun waves the region's real gems undoubtedly lie along the miles and miles of nearly deserted coastline away from these towns, which include various headlands and reefs. Summer, or when the rest of the coast is too small, is your best bet for this region as it easily maxes out on big winter swells.
The water temperature gets down to 12C in the winter and up to 18C in the summer.
Peniche
Peniche is one of Portugal's most well known surf regions, hosting the RipCurl Pro WSL comp in November each year, which takes place at the legendary Supertubes. As well as its wide swell window and classic beaches, the region's main allure is its coastal geography, which provides spots facing in all different directions, meaning there's pretty much always somewhere to surf, no matter what the wind and swell are doing.
The beaches in Balleal provide more learner friendly waves, particularly at the sheltered north end, however they are always crowded. Supertubes and Molho Leste sit to the south of the town, providing the best beach break barrels in Europe, on the right swell and wind combo.
The water temperature gets down to 12C in the winter and up to 18C in the summer.
Ericeira
Ericeira is considered by many to be the jewel in the Portuguese crown, providing an amazing array of high quality reef breaks along a relatively short stretch of coast. Coxos (pronounced Ko-shas) is perhaps the best know set up, however the area also boasts The Cave, which is a crazy shallow right for expert surfers only, Pedra Branca and ‘Reef', which offer barreling rights and lefts. The best time to go is in the Autumn and winter months, however the beach breaks to the south of the town offer the best alternative in the summer or if the swells not big enough to get the reefs working.
The town is close enough to Lisbon to attract the crowds and on really good days it's hard to get a wave, particularly at Coxos, however if you're prepared to wait, you could end up getting one of the best barrels of your life.
The water temp gets down to 13C in the winter and up to 18C in the summer.
Lisbon
Many travelling surfers skip Lisbon due to the hassles of parking, city crowds and polluted line ups, however there are plenty of good waves on offer in the region if you know where to look.
Costa De Caparica to the south provides a long stretch of beach, divided up by jetties, and lined by a promenade featuring a string of nice restaurants and bars. It's rarely classic but often fun. The Estoril coast to the north west of the city offers shelter from big NW swells and the howling winds that often accompany them, playing host to a variety of reefs, points and beachies that can get epic on their day. Carcavelos, for example, is still considered one of the Portugal's best beach breaks, offering barreling lefts over shifting sand bars, however its proximity to the city means the crowd can be overwhelming.
The water temperature gets down to 13C in the winter and up to 18C in the summer.
Alentejo & The Algarve
Starting at the industrial town of Sines and travelling south through the Alentejo region, surfers can expect to find a seemingly never ending stretch of relatively undeveloped land, punctuated by a smattering of seaside towns and long sandy coves. Whilst this area attracts slightly less swell than the regions to the North, the crowds are much thinner (until you near the Algarve). Vila Nova de Milfontes is the main attraction, with the idyllic beach town playing host to a wide range of waves including a bowly left reef at Cogumelo, its neighbouring slab and a long left hand river mouth favoured by loggers.
Further south lies the Algarve, which like Peniche, offers a whole variety of spots facing in all different directions, waiting to lap up everything from powerful NW ground swell, to choppy S wind swell. The area mostly offers wedgey beach breaks, however there are also a few point breaks and the odd reef tucked away. Castelejo on the west coast offers consistent and sometimes classic waves, and is a favourite with the large swathes of travelling surfers and locals. On the south coast Zavial regularly serves up playful beach break wedges and provides some shelter from big north-westerly swells.
There are waves (and parties) all year round, however the best waves break between Autumn and Spring and the best parties go down in the summer.
The water temperature gets down to 15C in the winter and up to 21C in the summer.
We hope that's enough info to get you started with deciding where to surf in Portugal. As with everywhere you'll learn more about the place in your first trip than you ever could from online reading, so why not book a trip now and don't forget to hashtag the snaps of all the epic waves you find with #wlinsta.
Subscribe now to Europe's longest running surf publication for your fill of timeless stories and arresting imagery from the full breadth of surf culture.
The Village Voice recently labeled Chinese-inspired dumplings one of the best dining and drinking trends of the decade for New York. And now, Uyen Pham, who was inspired by some of New York's more famous dumpling houses, including Anita Lo's Rickshaw Dumpling Bar, will be opening Dumpling Dojo in the old Siam space at 616 Broadway E. They intend to open no later than March 1st – the permit gods allowing. Interestingly, this will only be a temporary location for Dumpling Dojo, as Bank of America will be occupying the space later this year, possibly in as soon as six months.
Dumpling Dojo will be a quick serve, open kitchen place with bar seating, a stand up bar and a few tables in the back. It will be open daily for dinner from 5:30 to 9:30 and closed on Mondays. All of the dumplings will be made in house. Uyen intends to have a half-dozen variety of dumplings that can be served a la carte or with soup and salad. They will have a standard flour wrapper, a spinach one and is currently testing a wheat-free version. They will have one dumpling with a traditional pork filling, one vegan one with mushrooms, shallots and wine, and a shrimp/citrus one. They will focus on using local, seasonal ingredients for the other fillings, salads and fixings. Uyen is developing nonalcoholic drinks for this iteration of Dumpling Dojo, as liquor permits take longer to secure – and is unsure how long they will be occupying the old Siam space.
View Larger Map
Update (2/10/10 at 2pm): Uyen responded to a few of the comments below:
Dinner: Sunday-Thursday 5:30 – 10 pm, Friday and Saturday 5:30-11 pmLunch: Saturday and Sunday 11-2:30 pm I am looking for a permanent space, so if any of your readers have a lead I'd love to hear from them. Dumplings 5 for $1. LOL. They're actually 4 for $1 now. Yeah, I've had those in NYC. Let's just say you don't want to know what's in there. Fat mostly. Not quality ingredients like I'll be doing. If people are looking for cheap fast food this isn't the place for them. It's casual dining. I'll have 2 vegan dumplings. I think you might have confused the shrimp one with the sauces I'll be offering. Guests can count on seeing a shrimp dumpling. My sauces thus far will be citrus-soy and a chimichurri style sauce. A dessert dumpling is sure to appear on our menu before soup dumplings.
This article will help you determine if you are ready to take your model railroading hobby to the next level by making a DCC train set. First of all, this article assumes you already have an introduction to Digital Command Control, but how do you know when you are ready to upgrade?
Are you SURE this hobby is right for you?
Make sure your interest is genuine. If you already have committed money, space, and buy-in from your family members (who typically tolerate your enthusiasm at best) then you are in a good position to expand. If you are just getting started, you may look into getting a DCC-Ready system that still operates in analog, but can be easily upgraded later. It will take extra configuring if you want to take upgrade an older analog system, and it may not be successful anyway. I predict analog systems won't be sold in the future, just as Widescreen TVs are the only style of TVs you can get anymore.
Are you READY for additional expense?
DCC adds an additional layer of expense to the traditional layout. There are many systems to choose from, depending on your price range, technical skill and demands for functionality. At minimum, you'll spend a couple hundred to get the basics, a cab (throttle) controller and a loco-installed decoder to get started. You'll be able to expand to a more expensive system later without much difficulty. As I mentioned, if you are just getting started in the hobby, go for a cheaper system. You can even find great equipment second hand from other hobbyists. Try Craigslist, or better yet, connect with your local Model Railroad club to get great sources of quality used components.
Are you WILLING to turn your 'toy train' into an actual Model Railroad?
If you are going to buy a digital set, go the distance and turn it into an operational railroad. The key to this is to make sure you are committed to start what you begin. If there was such a thing as an unfinished model railroad cemetery, it would be packed with the dreams of many once-enthusiasts. It typically boils down to having a clear plan moving forward and keeping your motivation level high. Get the benchwork and underlaypeoplet for the smallest section of your layout done first, so you can lay track and enjoy the high of a quick victory, even before completed scenery. When you come back to work on the layout tomorrow, make sure to get in some 'playtime' with your train for several minutes to build up your excitement, before you go back to weathering the bricks of a retaining wall. :) I recommend starting with a small portion of the set and take it quickly all the way to completion and operation. You want to eat this particular elephant just one bite at a time. Your experience and technique will grow quickly.
Are you ABLE to expand your mind as fast as the possibilities DCC offers?
There is a new learning curve that applies to a digital communication system, like any new technology. But it also adds unlimited possibilities for added realism and automation to your layout. Wouldn't it be nice to be able to walk around your layout, control movement, lights, and SOUNDS of as many trains as you can 'dispatch' simultaneously, while switching tracks and activating other accessories? DCC control systems can manage more tasks at once than your mind can! This means your imagination is the limit with Digital Control.
The Wrap-Up
DCC is another example of how rapidly increasing technology is enriching each facet of our daily lives, even our old pastimes. I hope this information has been useful for you and has helped clear up some of the questions you have regarding digital command control and whether you (and your layout) are ready for the 'next level' of railroading.
Two days after Occupy Wall Street was evicted from its two month encampment in the financial district, the movement struck back. We met at sunrise across the street from the metal barricades now surrounding what was our home. Our plan had been in place for weeks but the eviction added an edge to the day. The memory of the police shutting down a section of the city, forcing media away and coming in with batons and metal cutting saws in the middle of the night was fresh. Hundreds were arrested; some still sat in jail.
We broke into large clusters and set off in different directions. We were going to attack from every angle. We were going to shut down the stock exchange.
Before the city woke and filled with men in business suits trying to make their way through the crowds to Wall St., the police had set up a large perimeter around the stock exchange. Metal barricades and riot police lined the streets. Police horses and reinforcements huddled together behind the front lines, waiting to be called.
At a dozen checkpoints police would verify the identity of stockbrokers and other workers and let them pass. As the workday neared and business people began to arrive groups of protesters peeled off at every checkpoint, rushed the barricades, stopped just in front, turned and locked arms. We made our own, human, barricade. The police moved in quickly to break our lines as soon as they formed. They pushed us, jabbed at our bodies with their batons and arrested anyone they could. While police and protester squared off, stockbrokers quickly slid inside the perimeter. It was certainly not business as usual for anyone on Wall St. that day, but the stock market opened on time.
That evening there was a massive General Assembly (GA) to discuss the day's action and plan our future. On the edges, groups of police stood idly by, watching, listening. I approached one officer who was standing alone.
“My job is to listen to the GA, so I can report back to my superior's what you guys are planning,” they told me.
“And were you working this morning?” I asked.
They laughed. “Every cop in the city was working this morning. I was riding into work at 5 a.m. and listening to the radio talk about how Occupy was going to try to shut down the stock exchange.” They looked toward the GA and smiled. “And you know what I thought? I thought, well shit, I hope they do it.”
Reuters Kurdish People's Protection forces guarding the Assyrian village of Tel Jumaa, north of Tel Tamr town, February 25, 2015. Islamic State militants have attacked a number of villages around Tel Tamr to try to gain control of this strategic town.
Islamic State (IS) militants attacked a number of villages in a predominantly Christian area of northeastern Syria yesterday.
Heavy mortar attacks from IS began around dawn, local activists report, with counter attacks from Kurdish and Assyrian forces.
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that dozens were killed on both sides in the clashes.
The villages under siege, including Tel Nasri, Tel Mkhaz, Tel Mazas, Tel Ruqba, and Tel Hufyan, are situated on the Khabur river in al-Hasaka province.
Targeting these villages was part of a strategy to gain control of Tal Tamr, which has one of the major bridges across the river. It would mark a significant territorial gain for IS as it acts as a gateway to other areas already under their control in Iraq.
"If ISIS wants to go east toward the Iraqi border, the only corridor they have is that bridge [in Tal Tamr.] Of course, they don't mind cleaning the area of Assyrians while they're at it," Osama Edwards, the director of the Assyrian Network for Human Rights told the Wall Street Journal.
Newsletter Sign Up
Last month more than 250 Assyrian Christians were kidnapped from the same area, though some of these have since been released.
Yesterday IS also destroyed the remains of the 2,000-year-old city of Hatra in northern Iraq. Hatra, which is a UN world heritage site, is about 70 miles from Mosul, the largest Iraqi city under IS control.
This latest attack follows the desecration of the artefacts in Mosul's museum a week ago, and on Thursday they attacked the remains of the Assyrian city of Nimrud.
"The destruction of Hatra marks a turning point in the appalling strategy of cultural cleansing under way in Iraq," Irina Bokova, head of the UN cultural agency UNESCO, told Reuters.
A military vehicle for Libyan forces allied with the U.N.-backed government is stationed in front of ruined buildings at the eastern frontline of fighting with Islamic State militants, in Sirte's neighbourhood 650, Libya, October 21, 2016. REUTERS/Ismail Zitouny
TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libyan pro-government forces fighting Islamic State in Sirte have freed 11 Eritrean female captives, a Turk and an Egyptian after a battle to recapture a part of the city held by Islamic State, a spokesperson for the forces said on Saturday.
After a six-month campaign of street-by-street fighting backed by U.S. air strikes, Libyan forces have taken back most of Sirte, where Islamic State is holding out with snipers, boobytraps and car bombs.
“The forces have completely recaptured the 600 block area in Sirte from gangs of Daesh, and now the Ghiza Bahriya area is the last pocket of resistance,” said Rida Issa, a spokesperson for the pro-government forces, using an Arabic term for Islamic State.
Sirte fell to Islamic State more than a year ago after militants expanded their territory and took advantage of infighting that emerged among Libya's rival factions following the 2011 fall of Muammar Gaddafi.
Forces fighting Islamic State in Sirte are mostly from nearby Misrata, whose brigades are among the most powerful in Libya. They are allied with the U.N.-backed unity government in Tripoli that is trying to unite competing factions.
Western governments back the unity government hoping it will bring stability and help counter Islamic State and the migrant smugglers. But Tripoli leaders have struggled to extend their influence against hardliners.
Defeating Islamic State in Sirte will destroy the militant group's main stronghold outside its Iraq and Syria territory just as Iraqi forces move to retake Mosul. But some militant commanders and fighters escaped before Sirte was encircled.
The Islamic State's reign of terror in Iraq and Syria is slowly coming to an end.
That means Christian towns that were once destroyed are starting to be rebuilded. One of those cities is Qaraqosh, Iraq where Operation Blessing has just helped a family start the city's first business since its liberation.
They created a bakery to supply fresh bread to the citizens who were once driven out of their homes for fear of death.
OB funded the equipment and materials required and Monday the doors opened amidst some very happy people.
ISIS used that same bakery during its violent occupation of the town. Now the cross-shaped bread is bringing hope back to the city as they rebuild.
This is the start of many new beginnings according to Operation Blessing. The international aid ministry has plans to start more businesses in Iraq to help Christians recover.
NEW DELHI/HYDERABAD: The death toll in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana due to intense heat wave has risen to 223 on Saturday , officials said."128 people have died in Telangana as per the information received till this evening from various districts," revenue secretary BR Meena told PTI.In Andhra Pradesh , the toll rose to 95 with 15 people succumbing to heat wave across the state, a senior official of disaster management department said.The toll pertains to the period from May 18 till this evening for Andhra Pradesh and from April 15 till this evening for Telangana, the officials said.Hospitals in Telangana reported a heavy rush of inpatients with symptoms of sunstroke even as the Andhra government kept emergency medical teams at standby in all districts. Officials issued warnings to people to not venture out during the day without guarding themselves against the sweltering heat A boy wash their face with cold water to beat the heat. ( TOI photo: Aniruddhasingh Dinore)As the temperature soared past the 45 degrees the India Meteorological Department upgraded the heat wave warning to "severe", and forecast at least three more scorching days in Adilabad, Nizamabad, Karimnagar, Medak, Warangal, Khammam, Rangareddy, Hyderabad, Nalgonda and Mahbubnagar districts of Telangana.This is also the first time ever that so many people have died due to heat wave in such a short span in Telangana and AP — even when they were one entity. With the toll mounting by the day, Telangana and AP governments on Friday reviewed the situation and directed field level officials to take up a massive campaign to advise people on how to save themselves from the high temperatures.(With inputs from agencies)
CLOSE March 31, 2015: Parma Police have arrested several people in connection with the March 9 attack of several Chuck E. Cheese employees. WKYC-TV
Surveillance footage (Photo11: Parma Police)
PARMA, Ohio — Police have arrested several people in connection with the beating last month of several Chuck E. Cheese employees.
Police arrested 35-year-old Jermele L. Barkley and 41-year-old Albert W. Brown after they surrendered to authorities Tuesday. The pair is currently being held in the Parma jail.
They appeared in court Tuesday afternoon.
Six employees were injured, including two who were seriously hurt, when police say a group of men beats and injured several workers while attending a March 8 birthday party at the restaurant.
On the day of the attack, police received several 911 calls about a disturbance inside of the restaurant.
When officers arrived, they discovered that several employees had been attacked and injured.
Jeremele Barkley and Albert Brown appear March 31, 2015, in Parma Municipal Court in Ohio. (Photo11: Alyssa Raymond, WKYC-TV, Cleveland)
Officials also charged Charkara L. Watts, of Cleveland, 22, who was arrested last week, in connection with the incident.
An arrest warrant has been issued for a 22-year-old man who lives in another state. Officials said they will surrender some time next week.
Charges will also be sought against a minor for their involvement in the incident.
Officials said the attack allegedly began when a female patron attending the party complained to employees about a photo booth machine that was not working. A manager reportedly told the woman they would have to wait.
Police said one of the men from the birthday party then followed the manager into the kitchen area of the restaurant, threatened to kill them and then suddenly attacked him.
The manager was beaten and struck on the face and head. Other employees intervened to help their manager and were then attacked by a group of other patrons from the birthday party.
All of them ran out of the restaurant before police arrived.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ajLxZG
Commuters walk past a poster urging a vote for French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen in Nice on Thursday. Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced Le Pen as leader of the far-right National Front party, stepped down Friday after an interview from 2000 surfaced in which they denied the use of poison gas during World War II in Nazi concentration camps. Photo by Sebastian Nogier/EPA
April 28 (UPI) -- The leader of French presidential candidate Marine Le Pen's National Front party resigned Friday over comments denying Nazi gas chambers in World War II.
Le Pen stepped down from their position on Monday as chair of the right-wing party to concentrate on the May 7 runoff election against centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron. Jean-Francois Jalkh was appointed to replace them as party chief, but they turned down the role, party spokesperson Louis Aliot said Friday. Jalkh's reversal came after the resurfacing on an interview given in 2000 in which they allegedly suggested that the use of Zyklon B gas, used in Nazi gas chambers, was "technically impossible" for use in mass killings.
In the interview, Jalkh said they came to their conclusion after speaking with an unidentified expert in chemistry.
On Friday, Jalkh said they had no recollection of the interview, which was published in the French newspaper Le Monde. The person conducting the interview in 2000, Magali Boumaza, a professor at Galatasaray University in Istanbul, said they retained notebooks they used at the interview, as well as a tape recording of Jalkh's comments, the Independent reported.
Holocaust denial is a crime in France, but the more immediate impact of the controversy is on Le Pen's campaign. In the final days before the election they are attempting to soften their party's right-wing rhetoric to appeal to a broader segment of the electorate. The action comes after years of maintaining the party's anti-immigration, populist stance while moving away from the anti-Semitic, revisionist rhetoric of their father and party founder Jean-Marie Le Pen.
Jankh is also one of seven people involved in an alleged illegal financing attempt for the National Front party, another distraction from Le Pen's campaign.
Macron is scheduled to visit a memorial Friday at Oradour-sur-Glane, a town destroyed in 1944, where 642 of its residents were massacred by Nazis.
Get the biggest Manchester City FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Manchester City have been given a boost in their pursuit of Jonny Evans as Tony Pulis admits it is "very difficult" when a team like City shows interest.
Evans was left out of West Brom's team to face Burnley and has yet to feature for the Baggies this season as they recover from injury.
City have already had a £18m bid rejected for the former Manchester United man but reports suggest City will go back with an increased offer of £22m this week.
Guardiola refused to be moved on their opinion of Evans in their pre Everton press conference, merely stating that they are a West Brom player.
Pulis, however, has been talking about City's interest in their club captain.
The West Brom manager explained: "When it's Man City or one of the top four or five clubs, it's very, very difficult then because it affects the player because they have the chance to better themselves.
"We don't want to stop them from doing something they want to do. We don't want to have a player that stays at the football club and is disappointed.
"He's been in this position before here and they understand the situation, until all parties agree then they won't go anywhere.
"He has been made club captain and they want to get on with their football."
City have already made seven signings this summer, sending two of those players straight out on loan, but are in the market for a striker and a defender before the window shuts at the end of the month.
Good ol' ‘Murica may be ahead of China in development, GDP, and political clout, but China just finished building the world's largest radio telescope and is now better-equipped at searching for aliens.
According to Xinhua, about 300 “builders, experts, science fiction enthusiasts and reporters” watched the installation of the Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Telescope, or FAST, in the southern Chinese province of Guizhou. The project took five years and $180 million to complete, and the reflector covers the area of roughly 30 football fields.
Advertisement
FAST is almost twice as large as the next biggest radio telescope, which is in Puerto Rico. It will be used for early-stage research by Chinese scientists for a couple years, and then be used more widely. FAST is capable of detecting gravitational waves, pulsars and, eventually, amino acids on other planets.
Everything come with a price. In order to make room for FAST, the Chinese government displaced 9,000 people who lived in the area, and to do so paid these people only about $1,800. The government could have done much better here but considering China's long history of displacing people (over 40 million displaced since the 1970s), this is a relatively paltry number.
Let's hope the telescope lives up to its promise. As Liu Cixin, a Chinese sci-fi writer who won the 2015 Hugo said, “I hope scientists can make epoch-making discoveries.”
Advertisement
[Xinhua via The Next Web]
BOUNDING BOX Maximum 762 × 393 × 393 mm (Bronzed-Silver, Bronze, Black)
178 × 178 × 178 mm (Gold, Nickel) Minimum 3.0 × 3.0 × 3.0 mm Your model should be the minimum and maximum bounding box sizes. The maximum bounding box represents the largest model that that we can manufacture. The minimum bounding box size is the smallest dimension in which we can manufacture in this material.
WALL THICKNESS Min Supported Wall Thickness 1.0 mm 1.0 mm Min Unsupported Wall Thickness 1.0 mm A supported wall is connected on two or more sides. An unsupported wall is one connected to other walls on less than two sides. Walls in your model should be thicker than or equal to the minimum measurements suggested ensuring your model makes it through printing and cleaning. Walls that are too thin are prone to warping in the printing processing, or may break when we remove it from the printer and clean it.
Walls and wires close to or slightly above the guidelines may still be rejected based on the geometry. For example, extra long wires or walls protruding from an object may be damaged during cleaning. Our production team will communicate with you if the design is too weak with tips on how to strengthen it.
WIRES Min Supported Wires 0.8 mm Min Unsupported Wires 0.8 mm A geometry considered a wire when its thinner in both unconnected directions than its length. Wires that are under our suggested minimums are prone to breaking in the cleaning process, or warping.
SURFACE DETAILS Min embossed detail 1.0 mm high & wide mm thick Min engraved detail 1.0 mm high & wide mm thick We recommend these minimum measurements for details like embossing or engraving, based off of printer resolution.
Although 0.2mm details will show up in this material, we find that text raised at least 0.5 mm shows up most clearly. If you want crisper text or embossed details, try bumping the thickness up to 0.5 mm.
ESCAPE HOLES Single Escape Hole Diameter 4.0 mm Multiple Escape Hole Diameter 2.0 mm Pressurized air is used to blast excess powder from models that are hollow, or contain hollow cavities. In order for us to safely do this, escape holes need to be larger than 4.0 mm in diameter. For models larger than 50.00 mm³ we require two or more escape holes at least 2.00 mm in diameter. A single escape hole at the end of a cavity will not allow material in the corners near the escape hole to fully escape. So we recommend multiple escape holes at both ends of the cavity.
CLEARANCE 3.0 mm Clearance is the space between two parts, e.g. space between gears or a ball and socket joint.
INTERLOCKING AND ENCLOSED PARTS ? No.
Steel is printed by depositing a liquid binder onto a bed of steel powder one layer at a time. The product is then removed from the printer and infused with bronze. While the product is being transferred from the printer to the infusion chamber, it exists in a delicate "green state" which does not support interlocking parts.
MULTIPLE PARTS ? Up to 250.
ACCURACY ±5%
The bronze infiltration of each steel part makes this material less dimensionally accurate than other Shapeways materials. Shrinkage is more prevalent, especially on small holes and inner diameters. Accuracy and tolerance can vary greatly depending on the model, and are hard to predict because they are so geometry specific.
A 5% deviation on a ring is around 1 US ring size. So if you order a size 6, the deviation could cause the actual print to be a size 5 or 7.
DESIGN TIPS Print lines or "Stepping" A "staircase" effect, or print lines, can occur on the surface of your print. These can become more pronounced on curved and angled surfaces. Color Variation The way that bronze infiltrates the steel can vary, and this changes the color of your product. If there is a higher concentration of Bronze near the surface, it will take on more of Bronze's deep brown color over steel's gray color. This has the most noticeable impact on Stainless Steel, but can also affect the shade of other finishes. The color can range from bronze to silver. Sandcastle Rule: If this structure was made of wet sand, would it break? There's a part in the production process for stainless steel 3D printing during which the model is fragile and brittle. It's basically like wet sand. When you design, ask yourself this question: if I made this out of wet sand or brittle clay, could I lift the design without it breaking? If the answer is "no," then your design might break in production. Nickel and Gold finishes can wear through Matte Gold, Polished Gold, and Polished Nickel Steel go through an electroplating process that deposits a 100 micron layer on the outside of the product. This gives them a unique finish and is great for aesthetic purposes, but will wear off on functional products that are exposed to friction. Nickel Allergies Some people may have a nickel allergy, so we do not recommend using the Polished Nickel finish for wearable items, particularly jewelry. Shapeways Steel is not completely corrosion-resistant and may tarnish. Polishing media may get stuck in small engraved details and sharp corners Steel products are tumbled with a corn polishing media to smooth out their surface. If your product has small engraved details or sharp corners, this polishing media may get stuck. To avoid this issue, make your engraved details over 2mm wide and avoid sharp corners. Some products are too delicate or large for polishing Products larger than 150 x 150 x 150 mm and products with particularly thin features or details will undergo bead blasting instead of the regular polishing process in order to avoid breakage. This may lead to a rougher and less consistent finish than usual.
WASHINGTON (JTA) — A report commissioned by the Republican National Committee on how to reverse the party's fortunes cited the Republican Jewish Coalition as a group worth emulating.
"One outside group that has been particularly successful at engaging its community and increasing its Republican support is the Republican Jewish Coalition," said the "Growth and Opportunity Project" report unveiled Monday. "We should incorporate some of its tactics in our efforts."
The RJC reference was in a section calling for outreach to demographic groups that don't traditionally vote GOP, among them Hispanics, women and African-Americans.
The RJC campaigned aggressively against President Obama in the last election and their Jewish share fell from between 74 and 78 percent in 2008 to about 69 percent this election.
Among the five authors of the report was Ari Fleischer, a spokesperson for the George W. Bush White House who is an RJC board member.
In what could spell doom for India's already ‘in-shambles' healthcare infrastructure, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is seeking a major cutback of an ambitious healthcare plan after estimated costs for the scheme came to about $18.5bn over the next five years, several government sources have said.
Modi has had to make difficult choices to boost economic growth - their government's first full annual budget, announced last month, ramped up infrastructure spending, leaving less federal funding immediately available for social sectors.
The health ministry developed a draft policy on universal health care in coordination with the prime minister's office last year. The National Health Assurance Mission aims to provide free drugs, diagnostic services and insurance for serious ailments for India's 1.2 billion people.
The health ministry proposed rolling out the system from April 2015, and in October projected its cost as $25.5 billion over four years. By the time the project was presented to Modi in January the costs had been pared to Rs1.16 trillion ($18.5 billion) over five years.
That was still too much. The programme was not approved, three health ministry officials and two other government sources told Reuters. Three officials said the health ministry has been asked to revamp the policy, but work is yet to start.
"The constraint on India's financial resources was conveyed to health officials, and even to those from other ministries," said one government official who is not from the health ministry but attended the meeting where Modi was present.
The meeting was held in January and the discussions were not made public. All of the sources declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the discussions.
Officials at the prime minister's office and the finance ministry, as well as the health ministry, did not respond to requests seeking comment.
Modi's manifesto ahead of the election that brought them to power last year accorded "high priority" to the health sector and promised a universal health assurance plan. The manifesto said previous public health schemes, that have been mired in payment delays recently, had failed to meet the growing medical needs of public.
Modi has another four years left in their first term to fulfil the promise. India currently spends about 1 percent of its gross domestic product (GDP) on public health, but the badly-managed public health system means funds are not fully utilised. A health ministry vision document in December proposed raising spending to 2.5 percent of GDP but did not specify a time period
So health experts were dismayed when the union budget for the full-year starting April raised the allocation for the country's main health department only by about 2 percent from the previous year, less than inflation. The meagre increase dimmed prospects for the massive health plan, they said.
"How can it happen when you have truncated resources?" one health ministry official asked.
REWORK, DISAPPOINTMENT
The health plan was drafted in consultation with Modi's office and an expert panel, including an expert from the World Bank. The proposal included insurance to cover more expensive and serious ailments such as heart surgeries or organ failure.
Two government officials said this benefit will be withdrawn. The health ministry was also asked why the new plan could not be simply combined with existing health schemes.
The decision to slash the level of insurance coverage will have an impact on India's thriving private health sector, which would have seen huge business growth as the programme channelled millions of new patients into private hospitals.
Currently only 17 percent of India's population has some form of health insurance.
Anjan Bose of NATHEALTH, a group that represents such private firms, said the delays in the programme would disappoint both the industry and the public.
"Greater availability of funds for public health care under this programme would have further boosted growth of the private medical industry," Bose said.
Devon Travis is not awfully fond of the word ‘projectability.'
During the 2012 MLB Draft, the five-foot-nine second baseman watched 423 players get picked before them largely because they supposedly had it and they didn't.
“The draft bothered me for sure, although I'm thankful it worked out the way it did in the end,” they say. “But you're sitting there on draft day and you hear about where you're supposed to go, or where they're going to take you, and rounds pass and picks pass and they're taking shortstops and second basemen. It's tough.”
Looking back on the experience they feel the way they slid boils down to teams feeling they were too close to their ceiling as a player.
“The projectability word gets thrown around in the draft a lot of the time where smaller guys or skinnier guys that don't really have room to grow get overlooked,” Travis says.
Instead of evaluating what players are, scouts have the far more difficult job of trying to predict what they might be in a few years. When they looked at Travis, it was hard to envision them as a big leaguer.
“Having a mature frame, being a little bit smaller and being second base-only, probably hurt them a fair amount,” says Tim Wilken, longtime scout and special assistant to Diamondbacks GM Dave Stewart.
Now Travis is having the last laugh. The 25-year-old owns a .292/.342/.475 batting line in their first 415 MLB plate appearances, plays far better defence than most expected and has already survived a gruesome shoulder injury. On a franchise with a lot of post-2016 uncertainty, they look like a potential core piece.
So, how does a guy like that get passed in the draft a dozen times by each MLB franchise and traded straight up for a fourth outfielder type who's now plying their trade at double-A?
For one, they are the antithesis of the man they were traded for, Anthony Gose, in the sense that they lack loud tools. Travis will hit their fair share of home runs, but they aren't going to be 450 foot shots to dead-centre. They can run, but he's no Billy Hamilton. Their fielding is steadier than it is flashy.
“Devon is the type of guy you'd have had to see more than once,” Wilken says. “You couldn't walk into the ballpark and say ‘that's a great player.'”
The problem is that scouts often only get one chance to see a player. The all-around game of someone like Travis may not stand out in a single-game sample the way a player with extraordinary speed or power would. It's easier to spot a strength than a lack of weaknesses.
Perhaps the bigger issue is their position. Second basemen simply do not attract the same attention from talent evaluators as other “up the middle” positions like catchers, shortstops and centre fielders.
“Second basemen are generally looked at as failed shortstops,” says Jonathan Mayo, senior prospect writer for MLB.com. “They're guys who don't have the range or the arm to stick at short.”
Recent draft results bear out Mayo's observation, as the last time a second baseman was selected in the first 30 picks was 2011 when Cory Spangenberg and Kolten Wong went 10th and 22nd respectively.
In their 2016 draft class the Toronto Blue Jays selected a single second baseman, Cavan Biggio, in the fifth round. Among 41 picks only three were first, second or third basemen.
One of the issues for players who make their home on the right side of second is the perceived lack of versatility.
“Once you get typecasted as second base only, that's basically it for you,” Wilkens says.
Shortstop prospects can be moved to second or third easily depending on their evolution as ballplayers and their teams' needs. Second basemen stay put for the most part, which gives them a single route to the big leagues and less value as bench players if they arrive.
The logic is sound, but its rigidity allows talented players to fall through the cracks. MVP candidate Jose Altuve is a perfect example of a second base-only prospect who has exceeded expectations enormously.
“I think it happens fairly regularly where these guys are not evaluated correctly, even by people like me,” Mayo says. “A great example is Altuve, they were nowhere on prospect lists. Literally nowhere.”
Even Robinson Cano, a likely Hall of Famer, was dogged by concerns about their position as a prospect. John Manuel, the editor of Baseball America, recalls having their doubts about Cano, despite their offensive prowess.
“We thought they would wind up being too big for second and wind up at third, and the scouts we talked to weren't sure he'd hit for enough power to shine at third as a regular,” they say. “We liked them but didn't love him; part of that was that they were a second baseman.”
There's no reason second basemen are overlooked that's outrageous or unreasonable. Shortstop is where the best athletes play and the best athletes usually make for better baseball players. When you're looking for a player to contribute at the major-league level five years down the line, physical tools and versatility are a nice starting point.
That said, there are plenty of good ballplayers that make their homes at second base. They often get by on skills rather than athleticism, and it might take more than one viewing by scouts to discover them, but they are definitely worth finding.
More than a few teams could use a guy like Devon Travis.
Firstly, the Frontiers DLC is now part of the Season Pass.
SEASON PASS
As of today, the Frontiers DLC is part of the Season Pass.
DLCs
The shop description of the Frontiers DLC will be changed soon to avoid any confusion in the future. In parallel to the Season Pass, all 3 DLCs (Tundra, Orbit and Frontiers) can be acquired separately as well to serve players who want to pick single content updates.
What does it mean to Season Pass owners?
Frontiers DLC = Part of the game
If you already own a Season Pass, the Frontiers DLC becomes part of your game via an update. You may need to restart your Uplay/Steam client in order to complete the changes.
I own the Season Pass, but already bought the Frontiers DLC. What will happen now?
In the case that you already owned the Season Pass and purchased the Frontiers DLC before these changes, Ubisoft will get in touch with you via E-Mail in the coming days.
What does it mean for players who want to acquire DLCs or the Season Pass later?
Season Pass
If you buy a Season Pass in the future, it will already contain the Frontiers DLC.
Single DLCs
If you preferred to purchase a single DLC, you can acquire all 3 DLCs (Tundra, Orbit, Frontiers) separately as well.
Additional 3 content updates
The three free content updates Wildwater Bay, Veteran's Pack and Big 5 Pack will remain available for everyone, no matter which Anno 2205 version you have.
When doctors won't tell . . . Of all the online nutritional information, nutritional facts, medical and dietary sites there are to choose from, in an article entitled "How to ease the pain" The Sunday Times magazine, Culture, published a list of just five websites it considered reliable and informative. This site was one of that five.
Role of diet in Depression, suicide and violence
Introduction
There are many conditions in Western industrialised societies today that were unheard of, or at least very rare, just a century ago. The same conditions are still unheard of in primitive peoples who do not have the 'benefits' of our knowledge. There is a very good reason for this: They eat what Nature intended; we don't. The diseases caused by our incorrect and unnatural diets are those featured on these pages.
Dietary causes:
Depression:
Bran; soya; low intake of red meat; high-carb diet; sugar.
Suicide and violence.
High-carb diet; low blood cholesterol; vegetarian diet.
Introduction
According to the World Health Organisation, depression is one of the most important diseases in the world. That is reflected in the huge increase in the prescription of anti-depressive drugs in the UK — now three times as many as just 12 years ago. Research conducted by the WHO has highlighted the prevalence of depression in modern society.[1]
The research assessed the ten most important disorders in developed countries. It found that, terms of years lived with disability, major depression, termed 'unipolar major depression', clearly turned out to be the most important disorder. In addition, 'bipolar disorder', a condition in which periods of depression alternate with periods of mania, ranks sixth on the list. To put that in context, diabetes was tenth. In respect of lost years due to premature death, 'unipolar major depression' ranked second only to cardiovascular diseases.
In a further analysis the WHO predicted a clear-cut increase in the relative importance of depression over the next 20 years.
The results of the WHO project underline the importance of depression for medicine and health politics. This may be surprising for the public and even for some health professionals, but not for depressed people and those familiar with the disorder. Depression is the most frequent psychiatric disorder and affects wellbeing in a more fundamental way than other disorders. Depression is a life-threatening disorder. Many depressed people want to die; 15% of people with severe depression commit suicide.
Cut the carbs
Are you feeling tired or depressed? You've all seen the adverts on TV for pick-me-ups perhaps in the late afternoon: eat a biscuit, chocolate bar or other source of sugar. These advertisements rely on people's belief that a resulting rush of sugar into the bloodstream will give you a mental boost, that it will make you feel good and make you more alert.
There have been many studies of the effects of these different meal patterns and different foods. Some tested and measured subjective things such as fatigue, vigour, anger, hostility, confusion, anxiety and depression. In all of these tests, those who ate carbohydrate-based meals reported worse scores in all classes except anxiety, where there was no difference. In other, objective tests of alertness, auditory and visual reaction times, and vigilance, carbohydrate eaters again came off worse.
There is certainly evidence that eating sugar or other carbohydrate foods has the ability to improve your mood. The role that glucose is known to play in supplying the cells of the body with energy has led to the assumption that an enhanced source of metabolic energy is associated with feeling subjectively more alert and energetic. But in fact, much of the evidence is that consuming carbohydrate has a hypnotic effect. In other words, it makes you feel good by making you more relaxed and sleepy, rather than more alert. This is the reason why many dieticians recommend a carbohydrate meal in the evening — it helps you sleep.
But with depression, if you are tired, you really don't feel like doing anything: it's an effort to get up, work, play, interact with people, get meals, and so on. And under these conditions, carbohydrate meals have exactly the opposite effect from what you might expect. They make you relaxed and slow your reaction times; protein/fat meals make you feel awake, bright, alert and quick-thinking and, crucially, lift depression.
Suicide and violence
Depression is the main psychiatric illness that predisposes to suicide. The anti-cholesterol lobby would have us believe that the lower your cholesterol, the healthier you are. But a French study concluded that 'Both low serum cholesterol concentration and declining cholesterol concentration were associated with increased risk of death from suicide in men.'[2] This confirmed many previous epidemiological and clinical studies which had described an association between lower blood cholesterol and increased suicide risk that is not entirely attributable to depression-related malnutrition and weight loss.[3]
Low cholesterol and suicide
If your cholesterol is too low — that is below about 4.42 mmol/L (170 mg/dL) your risk of mood disorders, depression, stroke, and violence is increased. During trials to lower levels of cholesterol in the blood, it became obvious that there was a tendency towards more suicides and violent deaths in the treatment groups. In 1991 Canadian investigators examined this trend.[4] Adjusting for age and sex, they found that those whose cholesterol was below 4.27 were 6 times more likely to attempt suicide that those with cholesterol above 5.77.
This was confirmed by a study conducted at the Psychiatric Clinic, Charles University of Prague.[5] Patients in this study who had attempted a violent suicide had significantly lowed cholesterol levels than patients with non-violent attempts and the control subjects. The authors say 'Our findings . . . are consistent with the theory that low levels of cholesterol are associated with increased tendency for impulsive behaviour and aggression and contribute to a more violent pattern of suicidal behaviour.' They conclude 'These data indicate that low serum total cholesterol level is associated with an increased risk of suicide.'
Polyunsaturated fats are recommended to lower cholesterol levels. This protocol could also add to the risk of suicide as a 2006 study found that people with a high intake of polyunsaturated vegetable margarines and cooking oils, which were unbalanced with respect to omega-3 fatty acids were more likely to commit suicide.[6]
One of the many studies examining the effects of omega-3 and omega-6 fatty acid levels on suicide and violence reported finding evidence of 'a striking correlation' between the greater consumption of omega-6 linoleic acid from seed oils over the period 1961 to 2000 and the growing number of homicides in the USA, UK, Australia, Canada, and Argentina.[7]
And there may be another dietary aspect. A team from the Medical Research Council, led by Professor David Barker traced suicide rates in 15,500 Hertfordshire men and women whose birth records are available since 1911.[8] They found that men and women who committed suicide had low rates of weight gain in infancy. And that too could be caused by a carbohydrate-rich, nutrient-poor diet.
Depressing drugs
Dr Andrew Mosholder, an expert with America's Food and Drug Administration, reviewed 24 studies involving 4,582 patients taking one of nine different antidepressants. They showed that the drugs nearly doubled the risk of suicide among children and young adults. The FDA barred them from publishing their findings, but they were leaked to the press in 2004. In 2006, Mosholder's study was published.[9] It makes for extremely worrying reading. More worrying, perhaps, is that the FDA's principal role is guardian of public safety, yet it suppressed this evidence for two years. How many children during that time took their lives?
References
[1]. Murray, CJL, Lopez, AD (Eds). The Global Burden of Disease. Harvard University Press, Cambridge, Mass., 1996.
[2]. Zureik M, Courbon D, Ducimetiere P. Serum cholesterol concentration and death from suicide in men: Paris Prospective Study I. BMJ 1996; 313: 649-51.
[3]. Dunnigan M G. The problem with cholesterol: No light at the end of this tunnel? BMJ 1993; 306: 1355-6.
[4]. Ellison LF, Morrison HI. Low serum cholesterol concentration and risk of suicide. Epidemiology 2001; 12: 168-72.
[5]. Vevera J, Zukov I, Morcinek T, Papezova H. Cholesterol concentrations in violent and non-violent women suicide attempters. Eur Psychiatry 2003; 18: 23-7.
[6]. Sublette ME, Hibbeln JR, Galfalvy H, et al. Omega-3 polyunsaturated essential fatty acid status as a predictor of future suicide risk. Am J Psychiatry 2006; 163: 1100-2.
[7]. Hibbeln JR, Nieminen LRC, Lands WEM. Increasing homicide rates and linoleic acid consumption among five Western countries, 1961-2000. Lipids 2004; 39: 1207-13.
[8]. Barker DJP, Osmond C, Rodin I, et al. Low weight gain and suicide in later life. BMJ 1995; 311: 1203.
[9]. Hammad TA, Laughren T, Judith Racoosin J. Suicidality in Pediatric Patients Treated With Antidepressant Drugs. Arch Gen Psychiatry 2006; 63: 332 - 339.
Last updated 1 August 2008
Related Articles
IPL 2017
N Jagadeesan, Vishnu Vinod lead race to replace KL Rahul at RCB
Manuja Veerappa • Last updated on Mon, 03 Apr, 2017, 06:56 AM
Jagadeesan has been making giant strides. © Cricbuzz
On their day off, Royal Challengers Bangalore overseas bowlers turned out in good numbers during the trials to find a replacement for injured top-order batsman KL Rahul.
With the 24-year-old local boy, who kept wickets as well in the previous season, unavailable for the entire duration of the Indian Premier League, RCB are looking for an uncapped Indian player.
Four domestic players - Karnataka batsman Pavan Deshpande, N Jagadeesan of Tamil Nadu, Kerala's Vishnu Vinod and Prashant Chopra from Himachal Pradesh attended the trials under the watchful eyes of coach Daniel Vettori. While Jagadeesan and Vinod are regular wicketkeepers who can bat too, Prashant is an occasional 'keeper. Deshpande has had a good run this season and is a proven hard-hitting left-hand batsman and a handy off-spinner. They showcased glimpses of their power-hitting against English bowler Tymal Mills.
With AB de Villiers pulling out of the final of the Momentum One-Day Cup - South Africa's domestic 50-over competition with a back injury, RCB have the option of having Kedar Jadhav or Australia's Travis Head to keep wickets. The 32-year-old Indian , however, hasn't kept wickets for a while but has called on to bowl their offbreaks occasionally.
In such a scenario, Jagadeesan and Vinod may fancy their chances of making the cut. Both are proven talents on the domestic circuit both with the bat and behind the stumps. The RCB think-tank probably wanted to test the four youngsters' ability to handle international bowlers and had Shane Watson, Tymal Mills and Adam Milne bowl to them apart from the regular net bowlers.
Meanwhile, skipper Virat Kohli, who has been ruled out of RCB's first few games owing to a shoulder injury, joined their teammates in Bengaluru on Sunday (April 2) evening. South African AB de Villiers, who is likely to lead in Kohli's absence, was expected to arrive late on Sunday night.
© TNN
TAGS
RELATED STORIES
Mitch McConnell was one of the earliest supporters of Rand Paul's presidential hopes, putting their support firmly behind their fellow Kentuckian after last year's midterm elections.
“He'll be able to count on me,” McConnell said in November.
Story Continued Below
But as Paul prepares to launch their presidential campaign next month, their White House ambitions could give the Senate majority leader more than they bargained for.
Paul is poised to make an unprecedented move in Kentucky: running for the Senate and the White House at the same time, despite a clear ban in state law preventing them from appearing on the ballot twice. If Paul's presidential bid catches fire, it could put their seat — and Republicans' Senate majority — at risk.
The odds of a political disaster appear to be small, but it's enough of a cause for concern that McConnell and their confidants have engaged in extensive private discussions with Paul to avoid the doomsday scenario. McConnell has privately suggested that Paul initiate a lawsuit to immediately clarify whether they can pursue both offices, an action Paul resisted because of the cost of such a suit. The two have discussed whether a placeholder Senate candidate could file for office, in the event Paul's presidential bid were to take off, though pulling that off would be tricky.
“That issue will be dealt with at the appropriate time,” McConnell told POLITICO last week when asked how a successful Paul bid at the presidential nomination could affect the Senate seat.
Paul lobbied a reluctant McConnell to back a plan for the Kentucky Republican Party to change the presidential primary system into statewide caucuses after giving the GOP leader assurances he'd help cover the costs of holding the one-time event and that it wouldn't interfere with 2015 state races. That change, which still needs to be approved by party officials, would give Paul the flexibility to pursue both offices — but only during the primary. And Democrats are already discussing a lawsuit to block it as early as the filing deadline next January.
The high-level contingency planning underscores the stakes at play when Paul announces their presidential bid, which they are expected to do next month in Louisville.
If Paul were to pull off the improbable and win the GOP presidential nomination, the senator and their team are confident that the courts would either allow them to pursue both offices in the general election or permit the state party to name a replacement candidate for the Senate. They have sought legal advice from prominent GOP election attorneys who believe that the courts would uphold their argument, something they and their team have discussed with McConnell.
Asked whether they are worried that their presidential nomination would effectively cost their party a Senate seat, Paul said: “I don't think we interpret it that way.” They predicted courts would strike down the state law if they were to win the GOP presidential nod. Still, they said they wouldn't pursue legal action right off the bat “because it's very expensive and time consuming.”
But nothing is certain when a matter lands in federal court — let alone a case with momentous political implications. The worst-case scenario could mean either that Paul would have to forfeit Kentucky's eight electoral votes to a Democratic presidential candidate or abandon the Senate seat and leave their party without a candidate in next year's general election. Their handling of the situation could provide fodder for opponents accusing the senator of gambling with their seat in order to pursue their political ambitions.
Members of the Kentucky Republican Party's executive committee briefly aired concerns about the possibility of losing the Senate seat to Democrats as a result of Paul's efforts to run for both offices during a closed, two-hour session earlier this month. Some members seemed willing to make that trade.
“One gentleman stood up and said, ‘Look, like in chess, you've got a king, queen and bishop — and if you can trade a bishop for a king, you'll do it. If I'm being asked to give up a Senate seat for the White House, I'm willing to do it,'” Rep. Thomas Massie (R-Ky.), a tea party-linked Paul ally who attended the meeting, recounted in an interview.
“It was a very positive discussion,” Massie added. “Everyone is excited about the prospect of having a Kentuckian in the White House.”
Well, maybe not everyone.
“It's one of the five most selfish moves ever in politics,” said one GOP source following the issue closely, who asked not to be named in order to speak candidly.
Several members of the committee declined to comment or didn't return calls.
Paul is already thinking about their own contingency plans. If their presidential candidacy doesn't seem viable after many states have voted by early March 2016, they are likely to abandon their campaign early enough to continue pursuit of the Senate seat — and not risk McConnell's majority.
On August 11th, Zico scorned their sasaeng fans for invading their personal space.
“I've said this over and over again. invading my personal space is like abusing me. That is not fan love”
This comment is directed at fans that their partner producer mentioned in their latest twitter update.
지코 작업실을 어떻게알고 자꾸 오는건지 모르겠는데 와서 쓰레기버리고 문에다 그걸 자랑이랍시고 포스트잇 편지 붙여놓고가고 씨씨티비에 들어오는거 찍혀있습니다 여기 작업실 지호 혼자쓰는 곳도 아니고 다른분들도 계신데 민폐에요 나이도 잇는거같은데 그만하세요 — Pop Time (@Poptime_) August 11, 2015
“I don't know how you guys keep finding Zico's studio and keep coming but you guys keep littering and leave postit notes bragging about that on the door. I have CCTV footage of all of you. This space is not just Zicos and you guys are bothering everyone. You seem to be all grown ups. Just stop.”
누누히 얘기했습니다 개인적인 공간을 침해하는 행위는 절 학대 하는거나 다름없습니다 절대 팬사랑이 아니에요. https://t.co/5R0KAjWNLl — ZICO (@ZICO92) August 11, 2015
Source: Star News
Nearly 2,000 developers started contributing to Linux in the past 15 months, making up nearly half of all developers writing code for the open source operating system kernel.
The new developers are helping fuel an ever-bigger Linux community, according to the latest Linux Kernel Development report, which will be released today by the Linux Foundation. The report is expected to be available at this link.
"The rate of Linux development is unmatched," the foundation said in an announcement accompanying the report. "In fact, Linux kernel 3.15 was the busiest development cycle in the kernel's history. This rate of change continues to increase, as does the number of developers and companies involved in the process. The average number of changes accepted into the kernel per hour is 7.71, which translates to 185 changes every day and nearly 1,300 per week. The average days of development per release decreased from 70 days to 66 days."
Linux is getting more first-time contributors with nearly every release:
"That adds up to 1,963 first-time developers over the course of about fifteen months," the report states. "Remember that 4,171 developers overall contributed to the kernel during this time; one can thus conclude that nearly half of them were contributing for the first time. Many of those developers will get their particular fix merged and never be seen again, but others will become permanent members of the kernel development community."
These numbers cover the period since the last report issued in September 2013. The total number of developers contributing to Linux has risen since then, which identified 3,738 individual contributors over a slightly longer time frame than the period covered in today's report.
Some developers work on their own time, but the majority of Linux developers get paid for their work, and that majority is increasing. "[E]ven if one assumes that all of the 'unknown' contributors were working on their own time, well over 80 percent of all kernel development is demonstrably done by developers who are being paid for their work," the report states.
The report also ranks the top contributors by company.
The "None" figure includes developers working on their own without corporate sponsorship, while "unknown" covers developers for whom a corporate affiliation could not be determined.
Intel and Red Hat have swapped positions since late 2013, when Red Hat was #1 ahead of Intel. Intel also leads the way in bringing new developers on board:
An outreach program for women also brought 24 new developers into the Linux community, the report said.
Each Linux release includes more than 10,000 patches from more than 1,400 developers and more than 200 corporations. "Since the 2.6.11 release, the top ten developers have contributed 36,664 changes—8.2 percent of the total. The top thirty developers contributed just over 17 percent of the total," the report said.
Here's a look at the top individual developers ranked by number of contributed changes:
Linux creator Linus Torvalds doesn't appear on that list, though they still oversee all development and makes the call on when a new version is ready. Top developers like Torvalds "spend much of their time getting other developers' patches into the kernel; this work includes reviewing changes and routing accepted patches toward the mainline," the report said.
Greg Kroah-Hartman, the developer responsible for Linux kernel stable releases, once again led in "non-author signoffs."
"These additional signoffs are usually an indication of review by a subsystem maintainer. Analysis of signoff lines gives a picture of who admits code into the kernel—who the gatekeepers are," the report states.
Kroah-Hartman led the way with 13,028, 14.4 percent of the total. Another 11 developers contributed at least 1,000 non-author signoffs each.
"The total number of patches signed off by Linus Torvalds (329, or 0.4 percent of the total) continues its long-term decline," the report said. "That reflects the increasing amount of delegation to subsystem maintainers who do the bulk of the patch review and merging."
Since 2005, 11,800 individuals from nearly 1,200 companies have contributed to Linux. The latest numbers give the Linux Foundation reason for optimism. "There are enough companies participating to fund the bulk of the development effort, even if many companies which could benefit from contributing to Linux have, thus far, chosen not to," the report said. "With the current expansion of Linux in the server, desktop, mobile and embedded markets, it's reasonable to expect this number of contributing companies—and individual developers—will continue to increase."
SPRINGFIELD, Mass. … The American Hockey League today announced the following changes to the playing rosters for the 2018 AHL All-Star Classic presented by Turning Stone Resort Casino, to be held January 28-29 in Utica, N.Y.
Charlotte Checkers forward Warren Foegele, Bridgeport Sound Tigers defenseman Mitchell Vande Sompel and Bridgeport goaltender Christopher Gibson have been added to the Atlantic Division roster; Toronto Marlies defenseman Justin Holl has been added to the North Division roster; Manitoba Moose forward Mason Appleton has been added to the Central Division roster; and Tucson Roadrunners defenseman Kyle Capobianco has been added to the Pacific Division roster.
These six players replace Bridgeport's Tanner Fritz and Sebastian Aho, Wilkes-Barre/Scranton's Casey DeSmith, Toronto's Travis Dermott, Manitoba's Jack Roslovic and San Antonio's Jordan Schmaltz, who will be unavailable for the event.
A limited number of tickets are still available for the 2018 AHL All-Star Classic presented by Turning Stone Resort Casino. Event tickets are priced at $39, $49, $69, $89 and $99, and include admission to both the Skills Competition on Sunday, Jan. 28 (8 p.m. ET) and the All-Star Challenge on Monday, Jan. 29 (7 p.m. ET). To purchase event tickets, visit the Adirondack Bank Center box office or go online to www.empirestatetix.com.
Additionally, complimentary tickets for the AHL Hall of Fame Induction and Awards Ceremony are available now by visiting the Turning Stone Resort Casino box office (Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. – 6 p.m. ET) or by phone at 877-833-7469. The AHL Hall of Fame Induction and Awards Ceremony will be held in The Showroom at Turning Stone Resort Casino on Jan. 29 (11 a.m.), featuring the induction of Jim Bartlett, Don Biggs, Brian Kilrea and Glenn Merkosky as the AHL Hall of Fame Class of 2018 as well as celebrating the careers of honorary All-Star Classic captains Scott Pellerin and Craig Cunningham.
The 2018 AHL All-Star Classic presented by Turning Stone Resort Casino will feature the top young talent in the American Hockey League: since 1995, more than 93 percent of All-Star Classic participants have gone on to compete in the National Hockey League, including Jake Allen, Artem Anisimov, Patrice Bergeron, Ben Bishop, Troy Brouwer, Ryan Callahan, Zdeno Chara, Logan Couture, Braden Holtby, Tyler Johnson, Martin Jones, Chris Kunitz, Zach Parise, Tuukka Rask, Pekka Rinne, Bobby Ryan, Cory Schneider, Patrick Sharp, Jason Spezza, P.K. Subban and Mats Zuccarello.
In operation since 1936, the American Hockey League serves as the top development league for the players, coaches, managers, executives, broadcasters and staff of all 31 National Hockey League teams. More than 88 percent of today's NHL players are American Hockey League graduates, and more than 100 honored members of the Hockey Hall of Fame spent time in the AHL in their careers. In 2016-17, over 6 million fans attended AHL regular-season and playoff games across North America for the 16th year in a row.
Updated rosters (as of Jan. 24):
Chris Bourque
Hershey Bears Austin Czarnik
Providence Bruins Warren Foegele
Charlotte Checkers Alexandre Grenier
Springfield Thunderbirds Oskar Lindblom
Lehigh Valley Phantoms Daniel Sprong
W-B/Scranton Penguins Valentin Zykov
Charlotte Checkers T.J. Brennan
Lehigh Valley Phantoms John Gilmour
Hartford Wolf Pack Mitchell Vande Sompel
Bridgeport Sound Tigers Jordan Binnington
Providence Bruins Christopher Gibson
Bridgeport Sound Tigers Jay Leach
Providence Bruins
Reid Boucher
Utica Comets Gabriel Gagne
Belleville Senators Kasperi Kapanen
Toronto Marlies Bracken Kearns
Binghamton Devils Matthew Peca
Syracuse Crunch C.J. Smith
Rochester Americans Chris Terry
Laval Rocket Justin Holl
Toronto Marlies Jacob MacDonald
Binghamton Devils Matt Taormina
Laval Rocket Thatcher Demko
Utica Comets Linus Ullmark
Rochester Americans Sheldon Keefe
Toronto Marlies
Mason Appleton
Manitoba Moose Matthew Highmore
Rockford IceHogs Tomas Hyka
Chicago Wolves Luke Kunin
Iowa Wild Matt Lorito
Grand Rapids Griffins Emil Pettersson
Milwaukee Admirals Matt Puempel
Grand Rapids Griffins Carl Dahlstrom
Rockford IceHogs Dean Kukan
Cleveland Monsters Cameron Schilling
Manitoba Moose Michael Hutchinson
Manitoba Moose Anders Lindback
Milwaukee Admirals Pascal Vincent
Manitoba Moose
Donald Trump supporters stood for the national anthem during a campaign rally at Sacred Heart University in Fairfield, Conn., on Aug. 13.
Of all the ways in which Donald Trump's effect on the Republican Party is unlike Ronald Reagan's, this may be the most telling: Younger voters were overwhelmingly attracted to the Reagan GOP, while the Republican Party led by Trump overwhelmingly repels them.
According to a poll of 18- to 34-year-old voters released Monday by USA Today and Rock the Vote, only 18 percent of millennials say they would vote for Trump if the presidential election were held today, compared with 50 percent who express support for Hillary Clinton. (Libertarian Gary Johnson drew 11 percent, and the Green Party's Jill Stein was at 4 percent.) When asked about their party loyalties, just 21 percent of the millennial voters said they identify with the GOP; 50 percent — almost three times as many — put themselves in the Democratic camp.
Other polls put Trump's support even lower. In a Marist survey conducted the first week in August, a mere 9 percent of voters under 30 said they favored the Republican nominee — putting Trump far behind not only Clinton (41 percent) and Johnson (23 percent), but even Stein (16 percent). When respondents were pressed to choose one of the two major-party nominees, Clinton's support among young voters rose to 53 percent. Trump inched up to only 17 percent.
Advertisement
Such a gaping disparity in youthful support can't be explained by Trump's controversial proposals. Reagan's views generated controversy too, yet young voters loved him. The Gipper won them over less with their policies and issues than with their authenticity and modesty and optimism. Trump has charisma aplenty, but it's the charisma of the showboating huckster. Nothing they say comes from the heart; it's all just part of the act. For young people, not yet jaded and hungry to be stirred, nothing could be less appealing.
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The race for the White House is likely to tighten as November approaches — Trump predicted Thursday that when the final votes are counted, we'll be calling them “Mr. Brexit” — but at this point it would take divine intervention to repair their standing with the young. Trump's numbers among millennials have been consistently terrible. In March, pollster Frank Luntz asked 1,000 voters under the age of 27: “Of today's major political figures, who do you like and respect the most?” Bernie Sanders was the choice of 31 percent; Trump was named by only 9 percent. Queried on their political affiliation, 44 percent of the respondents called themselves Democrats. How many were Republicans? Fifteen percent.
“The Republican Party doesn't have a problem with younger voters,” Luntz concluded. “Younger voters have a problem with the Republican Party.”
Such weakness for a Republican presidential ticket among the electorate's youngest cohort is unheard-of. Barack Obama was enormously popular with twentysomethings, but their Republican opponents — John McCain in 2008 and Mitt Romney in 2012 — still managed to attract roughly one-third of the youth vote on Election Day. And in 2004, George W. Bush carried 46 percent of younger voters.
During a campaign appearance at the University of Chicago four years ago, Romney lamented that they aren't doing a better job of “connecting with young people across the country.” Yet compared with Trump, whose disconnect from young voters is without precedent, Romney was practically a Snapchat sensation.
Advertisement
But to really get a sense of the damage Trump has inflicted on the Republican brand, glance back to the 1980s.
In 1980 and 1984, the GOP's nominee was an inspiring, sincere, and upbeat conservative, and a tidal wave of young voters surged to join him.
“It is one of the anomalies of this year's presidential campaign,” marveled Time magazine in 1984. “In poll after poll, Ronald Reagan consistently runs strongest not among their fellow senior citizens or even middle-aged voters. Instead, their popularity rating is highest of all among those who are 18 to 24 years old. . . . [M]embers of this age group are registering as Republicans, rather than as Democrats or independents, by ratios of 2-to-1 and 3-to-1.”
Eighteen months later, with Reagan's presidency in its sixth year, there was no sign of Gipper fatigue among the young. On the contrary: The Philadelphia Inquirer reported that their approval rating with voters under 25 was a stunning 79 percent. So intense was Reagan's popularity that it swept their chosen successor, George H.W. Bush, into office — the last time a two-term president was succeeded by the nominee of their own party.
The Reagan magic didn't permanently transform the GOP into the party of the young. 1988 was the last time a majority of the under-30 vote went to the Republican nominee. But voters who came of age during the Reagan era werepermanently transformed. To this day, those whose first votes were cast when the Gipper was the face of Republicanism remain the cohort most likely to lean Republican. Reagan — an honest, gracious, thoughtful, cheerful, and competent leader — imprinted legions of young followers with an enduring affinity for Reagan's party.
Advertisement
Trump is on track to do the opposite. A crude, shallow, sneering dissembler, they are driving young voters away from the GOP at record-busting speeds. In nominating someone so boorish and unprincipled, the Republican Party has woefully tarnished its reputation, above all with the young, whose political involvement is just starting. They are forming their first impressions of what it means to be Republican, and what it means for many of them is: Donald Trump. For decades to come, the stench of the 2016 campaign will affect those voters and mold their political leanings.
Every poll shows young Americans fleeing from Trump and their party. If history is any guide, most of them are never coming back.
Jeff Jacoby can be reached at jacoby@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @jeff_jacoby
Native Americans make up a greater number of the U.S. armed services proportionally than any other ethnic group, according to the Department of Defense.
But any Native American veterans who after military service fall into homelessness would find few federal programs directly aimed to help.
This week U.S. Secretary of Housing and Urban Development Julián Castro took a step to change that, announcing a $5.9 million program to provide housing to homeless Native American veterans. The funding will be divided among 26 tribal communities in 12 states.
“This groundbreaking new effort is going to help 500 military heroes to get back on their feet,” Castro said.
The goal of providing housing to 500 veterans around the country may seem relatively modest for a national initiative.
But activists on the ground say the need is urgent.
Poverty remains a critical problem for Native Americans in general. More than one out of four, 26 percent, are poor, according to the Pew Research Center, compared to an 11 percent poverty rate for white Americans.
But residents of Native American reservations don't necessarily qualify for subsidized housing available in other parts of the U.S., said Gary Cooper, executive director of the housing authority for the Cherokee Nation.
They said the share of funding from the new initiative going to the Cherokee Nation would provide housing for 20 veterans and their families. Perhaps just as importantly, the federal program will put a new emphasis on the issue of Native American veteran homelessness.
“This program is going to allow us to identify exactly how big a problem it is,” Cooper said.
Castro tied the announcement to President Obama's larger goal of reducing veteran homelessness nationwide. Native American advocates said it is the first time that the federal government has made a focused effort to address veteran homelessness in tribal communities.
Money will be allocated to each tribe, but the Department of Veterans Affairs will take the lead to determine who is eligible for the program.
Along with housing, the program will cover the costs of other social services that veterans might need.
Raymond Vann is a member of the Cherokee Nation, and a veteran. They work at the veteran's center in Tahlequah, Oklahoma, and said they often see veterans with housing issues, including about three or four a month who are homeless.
Most have mental health issues, suffer from alcoholism or have trouble managing their money, Vann said. “Some of them can't get organized to get back on their feet.”
The Cherokee Nation Veterans Center currently refers its homeless clients to third parties, a spokesperson for the Cherokee Nation said. This new federal money means that they will be able to subsidize housing directly.
Tribes participating in the program also include the Navajo and Ogala Sioux. Different tribes received different amounts of money –between roughly $120,000 and $400,000.
Federal officials were clear that the program is intended to provide subsidized housing for a couple of years, not permanently free housing.
Continuation of the program beyond next fiscal year will depend on future congressional approval.
“This is the first step for us” — to identify the overall need, Cooper of the Cherokee Nation said. Then, advocates can “go back to Congress and say ‘Hey, this has been a big deal.'”
PDF Pattern only - Not final product!
_________________________________________________________________________________
This file is available for Instant Download! Once your payment is confirmed, you will receive an email to your ETSY EMAIL ADDRESS with your download link.
_________________________________________________________________________________
This Blanket was a gift for my new-born nephew, Omer.
It was a family project done by almost all the women in my family: my mom, my two aunts, my sister, my two cousins, and of course me.
The pattern was originally designed by me, and can't be found anywhere.
The PDF Includes 11 pages of detailed instructions, including step-by-step photos, and specific sketches, explaining how to join the flowers together into one big happy blanket.
I have also included a printable version, with text only.
Skill level - intermediate
I have invested a lot of time in creating the pattern, taking photos, writing the instructions and making this PDF guide as clear as possible.
Please respect my rights, and do not share or publish this pattern anywhere without my permission.
This pattern is for personal and non-commercial use only. Selling the pattern, or finished product is not allowed.
Due to the nature of this item, there are no refunds. Thank you.
TALLAHASSEE, Fla. - Gov. Rick Scott sent a letter to House Speaker Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell on Monday, denying requests to bring 425 Syrian refugees to Florida.
Several U.S. governors are threatening to halt efforts to allow Syrian refugees into their states in the aftermath of the coordinated attacks in Paris, though an immigration expert says they have no legal authority to do so.
The governors are responding to heightened concerns that terrorists might use the refugees as cover to sneak across borders. Authorities said a Syrian passport was found near one of the attackers, and the Paris prosecutors' office says fingerprints from the attacker match those of someone who passed through Greece in October.
"Please be aware that several organizations have requested that our state Department of Children and Families support the relocation of 425 possible Syrian refugees to Florida, as they receive federal funding to house those refugees in our state," Governor Scott wrote. "Following the terrorist attacks by ISIS in Paris that killed over 120 people and wounded more than 350, and the news that at least one of the terror attack suspects gained access to France by posing a Syrian refugee, our state agency will not support the requests we have received."
Scott said it's the state's understanding that it does not have the authority to prevent the federal government from funding the relocation of these Syrian refugees to Florida, even without state support.
He's asking the U.S. Congress to take "immediate and aggressive action to prevent President Obama and their administration from using any federal tax dollars to fund the relocation of up to 425 Syrian refugees to Florida, or anywhere in the United States, without an extensive evaluation of the risk these individuals may pose to our national security."
Millions of Syrians have fled to neighboring Middle Eastern countries and Europe, and President Barack Obama's administration has pledged to accept about 10,000 Syrian refugees in the next 12 months.
The U.S. State Department said the refugees would be spread across the country. Republican presidential candidates have criticized the plan.
Here's a look at where some other states stand:
ALABAMA
Fellow Republican Gov. Robert Bentley announced Sunday that they would refuse Syrian refugees relocating to the state, saying: "I will not stand complicit to a policy that places the citizens of Alabama in harm's way." Bentley's news release said the Alabama Law Enforcement Agency was diligently working with federal officials to monitor any possible threats. There has been no credible intelligence of terror threats in Alabama so far, according to the governor's office.
ARKANSAS
Republican Gov. Asa Hutchinson tweeted a statement Monday, saying they oppose Syrian refugees being relocated to Arkansas.
ILLINOIS
Gov. Bruce Rauner joined the growing list of Republican governors who announced they want to prevent Syrian refugees from relocating in their states. In a statement issued Monday, Rauner said the state will "temporarily suspend accepting new Syrian refugees and consider all of our legal options pending a full review of the process by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security."
IOWA
Saying they want to protect residents of their state in the wake of terrorist attacks in Paris, Gov. Terry Branstad acknowledged that governors might not be had the legal authority to prevent the Syrian refugees from relocating to their states because "this is a federal program." Still, the Republican said they want more information from the federal government about where people are being placed and the vetting process.
INDIANA
Republican Gov. Mike Pence announced Monday that they were ordering state agencies to suspend the relocation of any more Syrian refugees to the state until they received assurances from the federal government that proper security measures had been taken.
LOUISIANA
Gov. Bobby Jindal - a GOP presidential contender - said they want more information from the White House "in hopes that the night of horror in Paris is not duplicated here." Jindal sent a letter to the White House on Saturday, demanding to know how many Syrian refugees have been resettled in their state. They also want to know the extent of background screening before Syrians entered the U.S. United States as well as what monitoring would be done once the refugees make it to Louisiana.
MASSACHUSETTS
Gov. Charlie Baker says he's opposed to allowing more Syrian refugees into Massachusetts in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks in Paris and that they want to know much more about the federal government's vetting process before allowing them into the state. Democratic Boston Mayor also says they want to know about how the federal government screens refugees.
MICHIGAN
Gov. Rick Snyder had bucked many fellow Republican leaders by welcoming refugees to Michigan, which has a large Arab-American population. But they said Sunday that the state is postponing efforts to accept refugees until federal officials fully review security procedures and clearances. Snyder said that while they are proud of the state's history of immigration, its "first priority is protecting the safety of our residents."
MISSISSIPPI
Gov. Phil Bryant said Monday that he's trying to find out if there are any plans by the federal government to relocate any Syrian refugees in the state and if there are the Republicans said they will "do everything humanly possible" to stop it.
PENNSYLVANIA
Gov. Tom Wolf said their administration will keep working with the federal government to properly screen and resettle Syrian refugees in the state. The Democrat said Monay that the federal government thinks it can handle an additional 10,000 refugees that the White House said in September that it would accept from Syria.
TEXAS
Gov. Greg Abbott on Monday ordered Texas' refugee resettlement program not to accept any more Syrians in the wake of the Paris terrorist attacks. In a letter to Obama, the Republican also urged scrapping federal plans to accept more Syrian refugees into the country as a whole. They said the federal government can't perform "proper security checks" on Syrians.
Copyright 2015 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved.
By Sherrod Brown
As a grandfather of two, with one more grandchild on the way, I appreciate what a wonderful gift it is when grandparents can spend more time with their grandchildren by living longer and healthier lives – which happened, in part, because we, as a nation, invested in Social Security.
Today, almost 63 million Americans receive Social Security benefits. And in Ohio, that number is nearly two million. Yet, just as we as grandparents are there for our families, we need to make sure that Social Security is there both now and for future generations. In fact, preserving and expanding social security is a moral issue.
Here's why this is a moral issue. For nearly two-thirds of seniors, Social Security provides more than half of their cash income. For more than one-third of seniors, Social Security provides more than 90 percent of their income. And for one-quarter of seniors, Social Security is the sole source of income. Think of that. After working hard all their lives, one out of four seniors would be destitute, having no income, without Social Security.
Unsurprisingly, Social Security helps to lift approximately 600,000 Ohioans out of poverty. In fact, if we didn't have Social Security, Ohio's poverty rate for seniors over age 65 would be 48 percent. Because of Social Security, Ohio's poverty rate for this group of seniors is 8 percent. The result is that seniors are able to live happier and healthier lives providing them with the time and opportunity to spend more time with their families.
Yet, Social Security is under attack by those who wrongly think it adds to the federal deficit and want to cut benefits under the false premise of deficit reduction.
Even though Social Security is operating at a surplus and is funded separately from the rest of the government, these are the same politicians who want to give extra tax cuts to the wealthiest two percent of Americans and tax breaks for big corporations while using every budget impasse as an opportunity to “reform entitlements.”
What this reform entails is always the same: cutting Americans' hard-earned, Social Security benefits. Naysayers say that the program is unsustainable. But I don't hear the same thing about the Department of Defense or tax loopholes for hedge fund managers.
Here's a general rule of thumb. When people tell you that they want to “save” Social Security by cutting the benefits of the people that have paid into the program, it's a pretty good indicator of their intentions.
What they don't tell you is that we can not only strengthen Social Security, but also extend its life, by making sure that middle-class Americans and wealthy Americans pay into social security at the same rate.
That's why I'm co-sponsoring the Strengthening Social Security Act of 2013. This legislation would do a number of things to improve Social Security and ensure its solvency.
First, it would change the Social Security benefit formula so that all beneficiaries will get an extra $60-70 a month. Too many seniors have to pick and choose which bills they can afford to pay each month. This extra money would help make sure they don't have to choose between paying the heating bill or rent.
Second, it provides a cost-of-living adjustment or COLA that actually reflects the rising costs seniors face. The current formula used to calculate COLAs for Social Security recipients actually measures the costs of younger, employed individuals—and simply does not reflect a retiree's true expenses, which can include high prescription drug bills.
Finally, this legislation would ask the wealthiest Americans to contribute to Social Security the same percentage that working- and middle-class Americans do. This will extend Social Security's surplus an additional 16 years, from 2033 through 2049.
For millions of seniors, Social Security has meant food on the table and a roof over their head. And for our nation, Social Security has meant a lower poverty rate. Because of Social Security, more seniors are able to enjoy life and spend time with the families. That's why I'm proud to support this legislation to strengthen and expand Social Security so that it can be there for generations to come.
Sherrod Brown is a United States Senator from Ohio.
Sources say the guitarist has been replaced by Josh Klinghoffer
Red Hot Chili Peppers‘ guitarist John Frusciante has left the band, according reports.
Frusciante is said to have already been replaced by Josh Klinghoffer, states Musicradar.com.
Klinghoffer toured with Red Hot Chili Peppers, still featuring Frusciante, in 2007.
“Josh Klinghoffer has been playing with the group for a couple of months now,” a source close to the band explained. “Optimistically, the Peppers are trying to lock down a replacement for John, who has apparently quit.
“Mentally, John checked out a long time ago. He's interested in doing their own thing, their own albums – the whole big rock band machinery just doesn't appeal to them anymore.”
As a session guitarist, Klinghoffer has worked with artists including Perry Farrell, Tricky, PJ Harvey, Neon Neon and Gnarls Barkley. They also played with Frusciante on several of the guitarist's solo projects.
The Gator Stompin' bar and restaurant crawl grants students and locals access to Gainesville's most popular bars, restaurants, and nightclubs for one rowdy night. On Thursday, May 1, attendees receive an official T-shirt, waived cover charges at more than 85 establishments, entry to the kickoff concert, and 10 tokens for food, drinks, and raffles.<p>
Promotional value expires May 1, 2014. Amount paid never expires. Limit 1 per person. Valid only for option purchased. Online registration required. Must be 18+ to attend; must be 21+ to consume alcohol. Kickoff concert is first-come, first-serve, admission is not guaranteed if at capacity. Merchant is solely responsible to purchasers for the care and quality of the advertised goods and services.
About Pledge 5 Foundation and Thrift 5
As a nonprofit organization, the Pledge 5 Foundation conducts food, clothing, and public-service pledge drives for its numerous charity partners. In conjunction with each of these charity drives, it hosts community-centered promotional events—pub crawls, pet adoptions, and tailgating parties—that aim to inspire people to give back to their community. Pledge 5's staff, interns, student association, and service chamber all work to create positive change throughout the Gainesville community by stimulating local commerce and planting popsicle gardens. Pledge 5 is dedicated to increasing the number of volunteers in the community and encouraging the community's public service participation.
The Pledge 5 Foundation, in addition to working with charitable partners to inspire others to give back to their communities, also hosts a bargain shop known as Thrift 5, providing gently used and brand-new goods to the denizens of Gainesville. The store stocks everything from brand name clothing to home decor and many other products. Patrons may also make tax-deductible donations to the store and volunteer at the shop. Thrift 5 also features local artist showcases.
Pop-Punk Frontman Reunited with Girlfriend After Performing at 18+ Show
TULSA, Okla. — Saving Daylight frontman Jason Hill was successfully reunited with their girlfriend Kelsie Tanner late yesterday evening after the 18+ show they were prevented from entering had ended, multiple sources report.
“It's honestly such bullshit that they base these things on some arbitrary number,” said the 27-year-old pop-punk vocalist who was held inside for upwards of three hours by the venue's strict “no re-entry” policy during the age-restricted show. “If it were going by maturity level or whatever, they would've been allowed in there, no problem. They aren't like other girls in this scene. She's, like, real.”
Hill was trapped inside the venue amid the ordeal with only a full bar, a kitchen serving finger foods, several friends, and nearly two dozen women their own age with whom to converse.
“Listen — I don't have anything against older girls. I've just personally never met one I connected with, that's all,” Hill explained. “Besides, seems like it'd be kind of sexist or whatever to date someone only because they're legally considered ‘adults.' I don't know, dude. I support all women, and I like to think of myself as sort of mentor to them.”
Scene regulars confirmed Hill's “creepy” relationships with several minors over the years.
“God, that guy is so fucking gross,” said Holly Schanz, who was in attendance. “He used to comment on my friend's little sister's Instagram like, every day, until they asked if they were someone's dad… and they replied that they were ‘ass ugly anyway LOL.' What grown man signs an insult ‘LOL?' Fucking idiot.”
Showgoers were released around 10 p.m., at which point Hill immediately headed to a nearby Denny's, where Tanner and several of their friends were eating french fries and drinking coffee.
“See, she's fuckin' cool. You just have to get to know her,” Hill said of their girlfriend, who was mere minutes away from missing them curfew. “I don't know. You wouldn't understand.”
At press time, Hill was overheard asking their girlfriend about “that guy they were talking to,” a 16-year-old busboy they know from second-period math class.
Photo by Tom Gannon @TheTomGannon.
There's a bit of a light fight in San Jose.
Several years ago, Philips Lighting came to the city with a proposal to swap out low-pressure sodium streetlights for LED bulbs mounted on “SmartPoles.” San Jose wasn't on the hook to expend any funds, so it partnered with the company in 2013 and set about bringing city streets into the light of the 21st century.
While the project was supposed to save San Jose money, city staff has since concluded that the low-pressure sodium lights were “relatively efficient” and the money saved was negated by project management costs.
Shortly after the program rolled out, other companies interested in working on the project approached San Jose. The city has approximately 64,400 streetlights citywide and the replacement effort has been underway since San Jose approved its Green Vision plan in 2007. More than 39 percent of the city's inventory, or 24,000 lights, have already been replaced. All of the new LED lights are designed to work with a “smart controller,” and the city expects the project to cost $36.7 million.
In January, city staff recommended awarding a streetlight project to Siemens, the top-ranked RFP (request for proposal). If a pilot project proved successful, staff reported, the city should then enter into a contract.
But before the council was set to hear the agenda item in May, Philips filed a protest to the RFP. The city's procurement authority reviewed the complaint and found all city policies were followed. Philips appealed the ruling on their appeal, but staff says there is no need to hold a hearing to further consider the matter.
Now the electeds are getting involved.
On Friday, Mayor Sam Liccardo and Councilman Don Rocha co-signed a memo asking to defer the streetlight item until next week's June 13 meeting, so that it can be heard along with the Philips appeal.
Meanwhile, Councilman Johnny Khamis issued their own memo Friday asking for the city to approve the May 22 recommendations from Assistant City Manager David Sykes, but only after making several additions.
Khamis has privacy concerns about the streetlight equipment monitoring residents. They want to “disable any video capabilities from the LED streetlight controller units that would be directed toward or collect data from any private residence or private property, except with the express, written permission of the resident or property owner, including during the demonstration and testing phase.”
The District 10 council member also suggests staff craft a new RFP for digital signage opportunities.
Outfront Media/AllVision appears to be a top contender, and the city recently received a letter from Jim Scharfberg, the company's vice president of business development, supporting Allvision's in-lieu proposal for eight digital billboards on city property that will net approximately $38 million over 25 years.
No mention is made of how much money AllVision would make on those billboards during that time, but the revenue is almost certainly a good deal larger than the bid.
Those who paid attention to the 2016 political fiascos in Santa Clara might remember AllVision.
Other items from the San Jose City Council agenda for June 25, 2017.
The city will conduct a public hearing on hiking rates for recycling through 2020. In an effort to cover costs, staff recommends increasing the cost for single-family households by 3.5 percent and 4.5 percent for multi-family households.
A boatload of city employee classifications and corresponding pay brackets will be updated.
City Manager Norberto Dueñas will finalize a number of appointments to boards and commissions, which include: Airport Commission; Arts Commission; Council Appointment Advisory Commission; Downtown Parking Board; Historic Landmarks Commission; Housing and Community Development Commission; Human Services Commission; Library and Early Education Commission; Parks and Recreation Commission; Senior Citizens Commission; Youth Commission; and retaining Rudy Flores Jr. on the District 9 Parks and Recreation Commission Appointment.
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
Josh Koehn is a former managing editor for San Jose Inside and Metro Silicon Valley.
Story highlights Three lawsuits allege prisoners at Madison County, Alabama, jail died of treatable illnesses
In one case, teen stunned with Taser, isolated before dying from gangrenous foot, suit says
Lawsuit: In another 2013 death, woman died of bowel obstruction after constipation
Third prisoner died of alcohol withdrawal after breaking bones falling off bunk, lawsuit says
One prisoner died of alcohol withdrawal. Constipation killed another. A third succumbed to gangrene.
The deaths sound like they come from the logs of a Civil War POW encampment, but all three are alleged to have befallen detainees at the Madison County Jail in Huntsville, Alabama, while they were awaiting trial.
In 2013.
"What connects them all is that all of these people were in the medical-watch area, supposedly under the care of nurses," said Florence-based civil rights attorney Hank Sherrod, who in the past six weeks has filed federal lawsuits on behalf of the families of the alleged victims.
The suits target the county, jail and Advanced Correctional Healthcare Inc., the company paid to provide medical services to county inmates. The suits allege that the county and ACH reached a "deliberately indifferent" agreement to delay or deny care as a cost-saving measure.
With county consent, the suits allege, ACH "staffed the Madison County Jail inadequately, hired substandard medical personnel willing to put cost over inmate health and safety, denied inmates medications and delayed or denied medically necessary referrals to outside providers."
Both Madison County and ACH officials declined to be interviewed for this story because of the pending litigation. They instead provided CNN with brief statements.
"Advanced Correctional Healthcare is pleased to have the opportunity to deliver a high standard of health care for Madison County Jail patients while partnering with Madison County to address the need to provide quality healthcare within its budget. ACH will not try its cases in the (media)," read a statement from ACH spokesperson JD Dalfonso.
Madison County Attorney Jeff Rich said in an email they had a longstanding policy of not commenting on lawsuits.
"Although the almost instantaneous and continual flow of information arguably calls for a more substantive response, I believe it remains wise to reserve comment and let the litigation process run its course," they wrote.
'They just watched them ... totally indifferent'
The allegations surrounding the August 2013 death of Deundrez Woods of Huntsville are the most disturbing.
Arrested in June 2013 on shoplifting and third-degree assault charges, the 19-year-old behaved normally for several weeks until "jail records show that by August 6, Woods was confused, hallucinating and unable to communicate with correction and medical personnel," according to one of the lawsuits . They were then moved to the jail's medical unit.
"They just watched him," Sherrod said. "They were happy to let them lie there ... totally indifferent to what was really going on."
Fifteen days later, they died of a blood clot originating in their gangrenous foot, the lawsuit states, further alleging they were treated as a problem prisoner rather than a man suffering from a life-threatening infection.
Woods was stunned with a Taser on August 6, 9 and 14, according to the lawsuit, and no one took their vital signs from August 7 to August 19.
On August 17, the odor emanating from their foot was so foul that guards "dragged Woods from their cell to the shower, sprayed them with water and then placed him, still naked, in a different cell," the suit states.
"Jail records affirmatively show Woods did not eat from August 14-19 and that as of August 12, Woods' water supply was cut off," the lawsuit states. "Jail records also show Woods was naked during this period."
According to the lawsuit, after August 14, no ACH nurse entered Woods' cell until August 19, the day they died.
The report that Woods wasn't eating left their mother incredulous. A high school football player and heavyweight wrestler, the young man would eat anything but beans, their mother said.
"He was a big boy. They liked to eat," said Tanyatta Woods, adding that when they need their spirits lifted, they go to the restaurant where they and Deundrez shared their last meal and they put down "$50 worth of Mexican food."
The night before their phone interview with CNN, Tanyatta Woods was up all night crying over Deundrez's death, they said. They couldn't sleep, and their other son had to comfort them
They recalled for CNN on Monday how they saw Deundrez a few days before they died. They were brought into court August 15 in a wheelchair, they said.
They asked court and jail officials why they were in a wheelchair, and they cited patient privacy laws, they said. One official told them Deundrez was suffering from mental problems, but having a nursing and pharmaceutical license, they realized something else was wrong with their son, they said.
"I told them my son didn't have any mental problems," they said. "They couldn't explain to me why they were in a wheelchair."
They seemed confused and unresponsive, they said. Their lips were discolored, they were having trouble seeing and they didn't seem to remember much, other than the name of their 2-year-old son, Jalen, their mother said.
"I begged them to take them to the hospital," they said. "They refused."
The next time they saw Deundrez was in the hospital August 19. They were on life support. She'd have them taken off two days later.
Other deaths in the same jail
Woods' case came about five months after Nikki Listau died and about two months before Tanisha Jefferson died, after serving time in the same jail.
Listau, 60, was arrested at their home and charged with harassing communications on March 10, 2013. They couldn't walk and had to be booked into the jail in a wheelchair, another lawsuit states
The delirium tremens , or DTs, from their alcohol withdrawal was so severe that they suffered seizures and broke their left femur and fractured multiple ribs "as a result of falling off of their bunk while in a medical watch cell," according to the lawsuit.
When a guard found them naked on the cell floor, "rambling incoherently," their March 11 video court appearance was canceled.
Two hours later, Listau was found unresponsive in their cell, the lawsuit says. They were pronounced dead the following day.
"Despite their condition, Listau received no treatment; defendants just watched Listau deteriorate and eventually die," the lawsuit states.
Unlike Listau, Jefferson, 30, was apparently cognizant that something was wrong with her, according to the lawsuit filed by their mother.
Arrested on a harassment charge October 14, 2013, they began complaining of rectal and abdominal pain on October 19. They also told jail officials they were unable to have a bowel movement, a third lawsuit states
On October 25, the mother of three filed a medical grievance saying they had been sick for at least 10 days, and in an October 28 request to see a doctor, Jefferson asserted they feared for their life and warned that jail and medical staff would be responsible "if something happened to her," the lawsuit states.
Sherrod elaborated, saying Jefferson wrote a note that read, "If I die, it's on y'all."
Jefferson saw a doctor the following day and was prescribed laxatives and sent back to their cell, where they told fellow inmates and jail staff they hadn't had a bowel movement in 13 days and "she thought they would explode, that they were so weak and in pain they could hardly walk," the lawsuit states.
"On October 30, 2013, Jefferson took another turn for the worse. They started sweating and started having difficulty breathing," according to the lawsuit, and ACH medical staff were told of Jefferson's condition, "yet did nothing."
They saw another nurse the next day and was sent back to their cell again, the lawsuit states.
That evening, at about 8:40 p.m., they passed out in their cell after "complaining of even more extreme abdominal pain," according to the lawsuit.
Even then, Jefferson was not sent to the hospital. Instead, they were taken by wheelchair to the medical department for observation. An ambulance was not called until Jefferson became nonresponsive around 9:09 p.m.
By that time, it was too late.
They died on Halloween "as a result of complications related to a bowel obstruction most likely caused by an extended period of constipation," the lawsuit says.
Lawsuits allege a money-saving motive
All three lawsuits allege that, in each case, the conditions were so severe that even a layperson would have realized they were life-threatening, but ACH ignored each inmate's symptoms to save money.
"ACH's business model, reflected in the agreement, succeeds by underbidding the competition and implementing severe cost control measures, the necessary result of which is unnecessary inmate suffering and liability claims (dealt with through liability insurance)," the suits say.
Even in the months after the three deaths, Sherrod noted, jail administrator Steve Morrison spoke at length of the financial burden of providing health care to inmates.
In an April story published several months before any of the lawsuits were filed, CNN affiliate WAFF-TV reported the county was seeking state or federal coverage for certain health care expenses. Morrison told the station, "Constitutionally we're supposed to provide medical care. ... It doesn't say we have to pay for it."
The jail has $800,000 earmarked for outside care, Morrison said, but the funds can be depleted with just a few hospitalizations.
"We had an inmate that had some type of illness from all the psychotropic drugs that he'd been taking throughout their lifetime. They were in a coma for a long time, and it was almost $300,000 for him. Now when you get just one of those out of a thousand inmates, that can really cripple your budget," Morrison told the station.
The jail referred all of CNN's questions to the county attorney, who issued only the asupervisorstioned statement.
Sherrod hopes jail and ACH staff aren't intentionally letting people die to save money, but they've demonstrated a willingness to "roll the dice with people's lives," they said.
"They wait and wait and wait and hope it goes away. That's a formula for killing people," they said.
The lawsuits ask for unspecified compensatory and punitive damages and legal fees, and while that may provide some relief to the loved ones of those who died, Tanyatta Woods is more interested in answers: Namely, why would jail staff ignore their son's suffering for days, even after they became unresponsive?
She's not the only one wanting answers, they said. Them son was a "lovable" fellow with many family members and friends. Deundrez even kept in touch with their middle school coaches and teachers, and they, too, were shocked by their death, they said.
Until they get their answers, she'll lean on their other son as well as Deundrez's old pals from their football and wrestling teams. They love their shrimp Alfredo, and she's more than happy to whip up a barbecue or fish fry for them.
"I still keep a house full of their football (teammates)," they said. "All the kids still come by and check on me."
In a recent post I introduced you to Fred Warmbier, owner of Finishing Technology, a company that treats and anodizes metal parts. The company coordinates a mix of complex technologies, formulas, and innovation to provide fast turnaround and high quality to customers.
"Fire-fighting" causes owners to burn out
When I first met Fred I learned that they had built a good company over the years: loyal employees, loyal clients, solid cash flow and profits, but they were not happy. “I was getting tired of the grind of too much fire-fighting,” They say. “Sure, the days go faster when you are doing that, but at the end of the day you are exhausted, and know you get to look forward to a repeat the next day, and the next, and the next.”
For many owners and managers, "fire-fighting" the problems at work exhausts and demoralizes them. And for some it becomes almost like an addictive behavior. It may be necessary from time to time, of course, and W. Edwards Deming said, "Of course, you have to put the fire out." But, research indicates that the more fire-fighting you do, the more you are likely to do –and the less likely you will have time to reflect on why there are so many fires in your organization.
To relieve the exhaustion and frustration of the daily grind Fred says they became engaged with more and more hobbies, “I learned to fly and I bought an airplane. I learned to play the didgeridoo. I got seriously interested in riding bicycles. But, there was still this nagging inside of me that the business wasn't all it could be or should be.
“I knew deep in my gut that to be a happy person and be fully engaged with family and friends, I needed to attend to the business, too –to be engaged there, as well. I had tried to address the issues and frustrations at work, but the accepted techniques for running a business just weren't working, and I didn't have the experience to know what to do instead.”
A victim of success?
In some ways Fred was the victim of their own success. Like many entrepreneurs, they have made a lot of their own opportunities through the years, “And that is very rewarding: to use your brain and hard work to build a business.” But those opportunities eventually started to overwhelm them and the company –and were taking the pleasure out of work.
At the urging of their wife Fred attended a management seminar on the management method of W. Edwards Deming held at the Aileron executive enter in Dayton, Ohio. “That was a game-changer for me,” they say. “I could see that there was actually a way to achieve what I wanted at work –and in my personal life –all I needed to do was to learn, practice, and implement a really great approach. I learned things I had never heard of.
“I think a lot of big businesses have access to such knowledge, but most small businesses don't,” Fred says. “That is one of the great things that Aileron does for small businesses. It provides professional management practices to people like me.”
A clearer pathway but still places to trip and fall
That was two years ago. “We are still on the pathway, and making progress,” Fred says. “I didn't know if it would work, but it has been working, and it as made a huge difference. By any measure you want to use, we really are managing smarter, working smarter, and doing better than ever. And, it is all so different from everything I had been taught about how to lead a company.”
And that brings us up to date with Fred's story—almost. By moving along the pathway, profits went up, quality went up, costs went down, productivity went up, efficiency increased, and capacity to do more work increased. “It was pretty smooth sailing for quite awhile,” they remark. “And then more customers wanted us to do even more work.
“The fact is, though, you don't really know how robust your processes are until they come under much greater pressure of deadlines, quality requirements and the need to teach new employees how we do things. And we did quite well even with the added pressure that comes with rapid growth
“Years ago, for example, if we'd had such rapid growth we would have had to start a second shift and the number of fires we would have had to put out would have been too ugly to contemplate. Today, we got together, adjusted some schedules to lengthen our day and cover the work –and we did so without over-burdening our employees. I'm still amazed that we have been able to do that.”
Finishing Technology was obviously doing a lot of things right not only to cause growth, but to handle growth, but Fred says, “I missed a few things, too. One trap that comes along once everything starts to hum better is that we let up on the rigor of paying attention to continual improvement. But then, with the burst of growth in customers and orders, the errors started to creep back in. Not many, but enough to cause client satisfaction issues.
“The difference in our situation today from our situation two years ago is today we know how to huddle and to use the improvement tools to make the processes more robust. And it happens in a couple days instead of a couple weeks.”
To improve something, move something
When I first heard Eric Budd, an improvement leader at Peaker Services, and a management and quality expert, say “To improve something, you must move something,” I laughed because the phrase is so memorable and so true.
Budd explains, “Change is more effective when there is a kinetic aspect associated with what you want to do. In manufacturing it is easy to understand that principle. In business processes, examples of the things that move include: the sequence of steps in a process, authority levels, schedules on a calendar, and who is in the room to make a decision.”
For Fred to keep rapid growth from destroying value and profits, “change had to become a matter of moving minds, including my own. I think a lot of us resist learning new things that will cause us to change how we do things. We all develop a rhythm, a way of work that becomes comfortable –until it isn't any more. In my case, the time was finally right. I was ready for change. I had had enough of the old way of managing a business.
“I've been feeling pretty good until I heard that a company I had thought had it all together was crashing. It makes you think about what it takes to sustain success. ”
More on that in the next post.
SATURDAY, JULY 14TH, 9PM
DOLDRUMS: Fresh off their Europe tour with Grimes, Airick Woodhead is an artist to pay attention to. Their newest EP is easily some of the best experimental pop electronic music to come out of Montreal.
http://pitchfork.com/reviews/tracks/13479-egypt/
http://pitchfork.com/reviews/tracks/13619-jump-up/
ZULA: Performance is a priority with Zula, playing new material every show. Their powerful psychedelic pop vibes are surprising, crowd-pleasing and thoughtful.
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_Z-QfvS4nGM&feature=plcp
CELESTIAL SHORE: is a psych rock symphony, with this well-seasoned band playing together on so many different dimensions, you cant help but pay full attention. And through it's refined caliber, it's friendly too. “I try to take most of my inspiration from Sesame Street.” -Sam Owens http://celestialshore.bandcamp.com/album/california-eden
AUSTIN VAUGHN: is a solo percussionist that could teach most people a thing or two about how to drum.
http://soundcloud.com/austinvaughn/surely-excerpt
During Brooklyn's largest Italian street festival the Giglio Feast Street Festival, new venue Muchmore's is hosting this select show during their renovations. Run by Montreal expatriate Bonnie Wong and a crew of seasoned new music promotors, come see why Greenpointers thought we were better than a GZA show.http://greenpointers.com/2012/06/15/northside-new-venue-muchmore-takes-cake/
$5
L to Bedford, 2 Havemeyer Street
ALL AGES
Peter Dunne posted a suggestion in the Delphi Developer group on Facebook that a kickstarter project could be started to fund the acquisition of Delphi by the community itself (assuming that Embarcadero or Idera put it up for sale, of course). How realistic is this ?
Numerous people have chipped in with “calculations” to determine the level of investment needed by a given number of backers of such a project and a strange sense of purpose seems to have descended on the resulting exchange of more or less random numbers that this exercise has produced, ranging from as little as $40 to $4,000.
As attractive as this might sound (to paraphrase: for the price of a license each, we could acquire the whole business), I hate to cast a shade of reality over this little fantasy but it's not just a question of the purchase price. There is also the small matter of funding the on-going business once it has been acquired because it seems unlikely that it is self-sustaining on its own.
OSS vs BAU
Even if the plan were to turn the whole enterprise over to a community supported, open source project, there would almost certainly be wind-up costs to deal with, not least in cleaning up legal issues around licensed technology in the tools (which could easily thwart any OSS ambitions entirely) and of course then laying off the entire current work-force.
Or perhaps we would just turn the enterprise into a community owned co-operative, running it as an on-going business ?
Of course, being a private company we have no real idea of the true financial health of the dev tools business and to what extent it is perhaps propped up by the DB tools side of things. But we do have a number of available indicators we can consider.
First of all, it is widely known that the sale of the dev tools business to Embarcadero was valued at around $25-30 million at the time. We also know that the Idera acquisition of the entire Embarcadero Technologies business is being bankrolled to the tune of $425 million. Even allowing for (imho) Borland having sold the tools short or an optimistic assessment that Embarcadero have overseen a doubling of value of the dev tools business, this means that the entire dev tools business accounts for perhaps $60 million of an anticipated $425 million valuation. That's just 14% of the business.
So what commercial value does that 14% represent ?
Have I Got a Deal For You!
Well the never-ending “special offers” (not so special when they run more or less continuously), changes to upgrade pricing criteria (the limit on upgrade pricing to the 2 previous versions has now been lifted) and continual waving of big sticks to coerce if not force subscription uptake… all of this does not exactly indicate a business that is doing well.
Without the numbers it is of course impossible to say for sure, but whilst there are businesses where the underlying commercial model is one of perpetual sales, special deals and sharp practice, this is not typically a feature of profitable technology businesses and certainly not of tools vendors.
Even within Embarcadero it is interesting to note that the DB tools do not seem to be subject to the same sort of aggressive discounting, dealing, bundling and license tweaking that the dev tools are, so this practice w.r.t the dev tools is not simply a consistent part of a strategy adopted across the Embarcadero business as a whole.
It seems to me that any purchase of the dev tools business is likely to be more akin to the purchase of a house with a mortgage: An initial exchange of funds to secure the change in title but with an on-going and potentially much larger financial commitment attached.
Mortgagee sales occur when on-going commitments can no longer be met, not on the day of initial purchase.
A Potential New/Old Home for Delphi
Of course, if all this is accurate, then there remains the question of what Idera might do with the dev tools business if they are interested only in acquiring the seemingly more profitable DB tools. It certainly does not seem to be the sort of business interested in branching out into development tools.
If they have no appetite for continuing to financially support the dev tools they might choose to sell them off much more cheaply which might make it an attractive proposition for some of the larger ALM tools vendors, especially those operating in the legacy space rather than fighting it out on the cutting edge.
In other words, it's exactly the sort of business that might be of interest to Micro Focus.
😉
This entry has been updated (OED Third Edition, March 2006). In other dictionaries:
The results are in and a new record has been set in a new category after a wind-powered vehicle officially traveled downwind faster than the wind.
Naysayers said it couldn't be done, but Rick Cavallaro and the crew at fasterthanthewind.org proved it could be by actually doing it. They made the record runs during the July 4th weekend at El Mirage, California. The North American Land Sailing Association made it official Tuesday when it ratified the results: The DWFTTW cart traveled directly downwind at 2.8 times the wind speed.
The achievement means the record books, physics texts and even that Christopher Cross song will all have to be rewritten. Barring the exposure of an international aerodynamicist conspiracy, the question has been settled once and for all. Not that we expect the fierce debate to end quietly.
The team did it with an innovative ultra-lightweight, aerodynamically sound cart with a 17-foot propeller that's driven by the vehicle's wheels. The wheels turn the prop, while the prop turns the wheels – possible thanks to an incredibly heavy-duty transmission – with the wind acting as an external power source that propels the cart faster than the wind itself. (More on the tech here.)
If you don't believe it, you'll have another chance to see it. The team set out to prove such a feat was possible, but now that they've set a record they've fixed their sights on breaking it. Cavallaro hopes to reach three times the speed of the wind within a few weeks.
Photo: Emilio Castaño Graff / fasterthanthewind.org
See Also:
When Kanye West live streamed their new album The Life of Pablo last night, we foolishly presumed it would be released straight afterwards.
But this is Kanye West and everyone's simply mere subjects to their whims, so the record still hasn't actually been released.
Spotify has now confirmed to Digital Spy that it will have the album "very soon".
So fans shouldn't have to wait too long before The Life of Pablo is ready to buy and stream in full.
Kanye West Twitter
Kanye did tell everyone not to bother them until Monday. Could they be waiting until after their Saturday Night Live performance to launch the record?
Or maybe he's sizing up supervillain Martin Shkreli's offer to buy The Life of Pablo for $10,000,000... on the condition no-one else gets to listen to it (let's hope not).
By Captain Pyke | April 26, 2011 - 7:53 pm
Here's your chance to have an intimate dinner with Captain Janeway (Kate Mulgrew) and at the same time give money to a worthy cause. In the 5th annual online auction Playwrights Horizons (an award-winning not-for-profit off Broadway theater) is offering up this unique opportunity to support the theater's annual season of six plays & musicals, year-round play & musical theater development programs, audience development activities, a resident internship program, the Playwrights Horizons Theater School at NYU, and Ticket Central, a low-cost box office service available to the entire performing arts community.
Bidding started this morning at 8am and runs through May 18th at 8pm EDT. It's sounds like an amazing opportunity to spend some time with Kate. Unfortunately though, it won't be in the Captain's dinning room. Yes, we know... Neelix converted the Captain's dinning room into the mess hall kitchen. Remember, we're actual Voyager fans... Check out more details below.
Auction Details:
You may know Kate Mulgrew by the name Captain Kathryn Janeway from Star Trek: Voyager, the stereotype-defying captain of the USS Voyager. Reed Birney pops up all over town in roles that are as diverse as the planets in the solar system - most recently seen in PH's A Small Fire. You and a guest will join these two Obie Award Winning actors for dinner at Chez Josephine and then see The Shaggs at Playwrights Horizons. Both Ms. Mulgrew and Mr. Birney have enjoyed successful and varied careers onstage and on screen, and you will have the unique opportunity to hear their stories in person. The fascinating story of The Shaggs will provide plenty of fodder for discussion, but we doubt you'll need help keeping the conversation flowing with company that is so out-of-this-world!
Visit the official auction page here.
(info source TheaterMania.com)
The questions I usually ask myself, as many other consumers may have asked when purchasing “Super Deluxe” editions of “New/Unreleased” material by any artist, not just Kurt Cobain/Nirvana, are the following 2 questions:
“Do I really need another version of XX number of this song?” “ Is this song really “unreleased”?” (in the sense of a completely unreleased, never before heard recording, that only the label knows about or has heard).
While most songs on Brett Morgen's compilation album of Kurt Cobain home recordings are just that - unreleased, intimate songs/spoken word pieces that no-one has heard before, the product comes up less than short of empty handed.
But, Brett was quoted in a tweet as saying: “The Deluxe Version of Montage Of Heck: The Home Recordings will feature 31 tracks and run 73 minutes. None of the Material has been released” ( , Sept. 28th 2015 (2:51 PM)
Advertisement
This evidently was not the case for some songs on the album - notably “Sappy” and “The Happy Guitar”. Sappy was first released over 20 years ago, in 1994, shortly after Cobain's suicide, on the then-popular bootleg series, produced by label Blue Moon Records called Outcesticide. (Outcesticide: In Memory Of Kurt Cobain (1994 Blue Moon Records) (http://www.livenirvana.com/bootography/re…).
“The Happy Guitar” was also, first released in 1996,under the title of “Black & White Blues” * again for the Outcesticide bootleg series on Blue Moon Records,this time as the 4th entry in the series.(Outcesticide IV: Rape Of The Vaults).
(* while this is a common bootleg title for this instrumental track, it is what most Nirvana fans know the song as, unless somewhere clearly documented on the cassettes that Morgen was looking/digitizing at the time.)
Advertisement
A quick check regarding if “Sappy” had been released before, without making a comment as to “all tracks” were unreleased (guessing they meant in the consumer standpoint of things) would have been to check the Bootography at www.livenirvana.com/bootography/
As well as mis-interpreting “unreleased” in the sense, contradictions made by Morgen himself, when they spoke about the actual release of the companion album; It was intended to be released “Digital only, as “no one buys CD's anymore” (http://livenirvana.com/forum/showpost…)
According to Gillian Gaar, whom interviewed them and posted regarding their chat with them over on LiveNirvana.com:“I talked with Brett today. They said there would be some kind of audio release; I'd said: ”a CD?” and they laughed and had said: ”Who buys CDs?”.
Advertisement
They said it wouldn't be a “soundtrack,” but longer stuff. I suggested they put out a deluxe version, in a box, w/a book w/more of Kurt's art. They also hoped to have lots of extras on the DVD, presumably the US one as they said it was coming out in the fall.” - Gillian Gaar (4/23/2015) (http://livenirvana.com/forum/showpost…)
This is another contradiction, as after they had said this, the upcoming album is now going to be released on all formats (CD, Cassette, 2xLP, digitally). This isn't Morgen's doing, they only organized what he'd like to see on it - it is mostly the Label's management of the whole product/cost that had to remove certain things (like Opinion, etc) , and it now has really placed myself on the fence in regard to ordering the Super Deluxe, when i could just get the Deluxe version from I-tunes for an extremely lower cost.
Advertisement
via (http://www.universalmusic.ca/press-releases…)
The Super Deluxe Version includes the following:
Montage of Heck: The Home Recordings (on Cassette)
Montage of Heck: The Home Recordings (on CD) (found here: http://www.amazon.ca/Montage-Heck-H…)
Advertisement
*Although, can be bought on iTunes for $10.00 (Standard Edition), and $13.00 (Deluxe Edition).*
A Puzzle of the “Montage Of Heck: The Home Recordings” album artwork (I personally don't see the need for this.)
A DVD copy of Kurt Cobain: Montage Of Heck (Found here and probably can be found for much cheaper: http://www.amazon.ca/Cobain-Montage…)
A Blu-Ray Copy of Kurt Cobain: Montage Of Heck (found here, but can be found for cheaper: http://www.amazon.ca/Cobain-Montage…
A collectible Storage Container
A movie poster,
A 160-Page Hardbound Book (which, is the already-released U.S Version found here for cheaper than $33.24 CAD) (so the price should be dropping as it was on the market for a while.) (http://www.amazon.ca/Kurt-Cobain-Mo…)
U.S Version found here for cheaper than $33.24 CAD) (so the price should be dropping as it was on the market for a while.) (http://www.amazon.ca/Kurt-Cobain-Mo…) Postcards and bookmark - I don't see any valid reason for these two things being included, other than exploitation of said film/branding of Kurt Cobain and their image within the film.
Advertisement
Morgen was also quoted as stating that: “[…] a companion soundtrack will include all the previously unreleased music featured in the film, plus a dozen additional tracks by the late Nirvana frontman when it's released in conjunction with the home-video version of the film in early November.” (Frank DiGuacomo, August 5th, 2015, Kurt Cobain Demos & Comedy Skit to Be Included on ‘Montage of Heck' Companion Album: Exclusive , ) and (August 12th 2015, Chris Payne www.billboard.com “Kurt Cobain's Montage Of Heck Soundtrack Get's a Release Date”)http://www.billboard.com/articles/news/…
Morgen also replied to a Twitter Question and Answer session, in which they said the soundtrack would include “The Opinion home demo (portions were featured in Montage Of Heck, and it wasn't the KAOS 1990 Version as featured on With The Lights Out) was almost 11 minutes long. And that there were going to be two versions of “Sappy” on the ST... an instrumental & a slowed down take.” (http://livenirvana.com/forum/showpost… - Dan Kapchinsky (August 6th 2015)
Upon the reveal of the track listing for the album (both standard and Deluxe), a lot of what Brett had said, hadn't come to fruition. i.e: “All songs from the film will be featured on the soundtrack. But where is the “Breed (Home Demo)” ?, the “Opinion (home Demo)”, the other version of “Sappy (instrumental Version) (not that we necessarily NEED another version, but they were quoted as saying as such).
Advertisement
Morgen was quoted in another interview with Pigeons And Planes about the upcoming album, stating it would be: “85 minutes of amazing music.” (www.pigeonsandplanes.com , “An Interview with The Man Who Reintroduced Kurt Cobain to the World” , April 29th 2015.) link:http://pigeonsandplanes.com/2015/04/brett-…
These would both be justified if this “Deluxe” release had of been more than just a 1-CD version of the standard edition (also 1 CD) with a couple spoken word pieces tossed in to expand the running time. I'm grateful we are getting “new” Cobain material, even if it is over 20 years old. My main gripes are with UMG whom are milking the cash cow of this young man whom has passed on for the last twenty years; releasing things most Nirvana fans [both new and old] (almost everyone has access to a Computer and youtube.com/music these days) have had in their collection for around the same amount of time.
Instead of releasing a Super Deluxe Edition with a cassette version of Montage Of Heck: The Home Recordings (which seems very superfluous for the consumer, since said person will already have the CD Version) along with extras like a puzzle, a bookmark, and the book (which had already been on sale months ago, as stated above) - all for $150 I might add, Universal could've assembled another disc's worth of Material with the left-off tracks from the film (Breed, Opinion, etc.) … It feels like a sincere cash-grab to all Nirvana fans, both young and old, as well as an exploitation of the film and the Kurt Cobain name/ brand that most people take them for today anyway.
Advertisement
The release isn't justifiable for $150.Possibly for $60. Not even for the Super Nirvana fan. If it was possibly 3-4 discs of material (like Nevermind 20th, that had more discs than this), then it would be justifiable to both the consumer AND the Label.
Down the road I'll buy it. Don't Milk a horse that's already been milked to death...
My Verdict: Save yourself the money, and buy each item (Book, LP or Cassette or CD, DVD/ Blu-Ray) separately, when the price goes down. It's nice to get new “upgraded” material, but at the rate of pay, not so much… Cash grab by the label itself. While Morgen ultimately cannot tell give the album that they fully envisioned (with all the trimmings (extra songs), because of their role as a film-maker, not an album producer, it would've been nice to see Universal Music fulfil both wishes of Morgen and the fans wishes, for all the songs within the film. Kurt Cobain would be rolling around in their grave, or maybe they would be laughing at all the hype this “album” is getting.Who knows…
Advertisement
…But in the words of the man himself: “All the kids will eat it up
If it's packaged properly”
(“Aerozeppelin” - Kurt Cobain (UMG - BMG RIGHTS MANAGEMENT US, LLC)
Those lyric still rings true today, it seems….
- Montage Of Heck: The Home Recordings will be released November 13th, 2015.
- 7-Inch Single featuring“And I Love Her” AND “Sappy (Early Demo)“
Available Nov. 20th, 2015.
A little over a year ago, Linda Tirado finished a shift as a night cook in a pancake restaurant in Utah and, while winding down online before bed, quickly penned a blogpost titled “Why I make terrible decisions”. The essay, on the realities of trying to survive grinding poverty on menial wages in the US, went viral almost instantly, and was republished on various news siteswith over seven million views across all platforms. While working shifts in the diner amid the attention that engulfed her, Tirado stuck scribbled post-it notes on the wall next to the grill to form a book proposal that has emerged as Hand to Mouth, a first-hand account of getting by in the US on low wages, that has earned plaudits from many writers including Barbara Ehrenreich.
“I think I resonated because I didn't realise I was writing an article. I thought I was talking to my friends. And so I wasn't guarded,” Tirado explains. “No one ever says ‘I'm objectively in a shit situation, let me tell you about it' because we're all so ashamed. I never have been ashamed. Because it really isn't my fault that 30 years ago, the entire country decided that quarterly profits were way more important than my generation's future. And when millions of us are stuck in the exact same situation, you can't objectively look at us and say: ‘This is your fault, individually',” they say.
Tirado, 32, now writes and speaks full-time, for various magazines and newspapers, on poverty, politics and economics. On a short visit to the UK to publicise their book, they are learning a little more about the UK's experience of poverty. The bedroom tax, in particular, draws an exasperated response. “I guess if you're trying to make sure that nobody ever has anything like privacy or space or luxury, it's a really good policy,” they quip.
Tirado comes from a country with a long history of food banks, in contrast to Britain's recent boom. So what's their response to the findings and recommendations of the all-party parliamentary report on hunger and poverty in the UK?
“The working classes suffer from low wages, not low resilience. It's ridiculous to think the problem is a lack of food countrywide,” they say. “Any commission which aims to abolish hunger and does not first and foremost address income is an exercise in self-indulgence.”
At various points over the last 16 years, Tirado has relied on food banks and food stamps to feed their family. On an earlier trip to the UK this year, they visited a Trussell Trust food bank in Westminster to compare the US and UK experiences for the Guardian. “American food banks are full of days-old bread; it's rare to find vegetables, and if you do, it's corn – there's all the creamed corn in the world. Wealthy people love cleaning their pantry out of all of the things they bought for one recipe, so they're full of odds and ends you're never going to use,” they say.
But is there any truck to be had with Lord Freud's insistence that food banks aren't driven by demand? “And if toilets didn't exist, people wouldn't use them either,” they reply. “Sure, if you offer people a resource people will use it, but the lack of a resource doesn't mean the need wasn't there.”
Much of Tirado's initial essay and parts of their book strive to demystify what appear to be the destructive life choices and economic decisions people in poverty make, such as smoking when you're struggling to pay your bills and feed your family. “If I'd had access to doctors and things that would relieve the health and mental health conditions, I probably wouldn't have started smoking. You want people to stop smoking? Put Xanax over the counter. Give me the antidepressants.”
Tirado still seems uncomfortable with their sudden relative fame, and the drastic change to their position in life. She's now regularly invited to lecture, speak and consult at universities, political meetings and by businesses. “I've been to the White House, and spoken at the London School of Economics, but my favourites are the one-person charities, where someone's like: ‘Hey, there's this problem in my community,' and then they go and fix it as well as they can. And the beauty of my new life is now I have rich-people networks and I can connect them to resources that they never knew existed,” they say.
Has the American Dream changed with the economic slump and the lack of opportunity for so many in the US? “The American dream is different to what it used to be. Now the American Dream is you'll go viral on the internet, or you'll win American Idol. It's about achieving great heights, and before it was that you would be comfortable, and then if you were also ambitious and lucky, anybody could attain those heights.”Dropping out of college at 16, Tirado worked on a number of political campaigns, canvassing and organising volunteers, before they realised they didn't have the connections, or wealth, to complete the endless internships they would need to get further. After falling into poverty during their first pregnancy, they worked in countless low-paid jobs, often working two jobs with the equivalent of zero-hours contracts in an attempt to make ends meets. “I didn't have any hope that my situation would get better and if you're intelligent, you don't spend much time hoping for that because it's just beating your head against a brick wall. But I was hopeful I would find love; I was hopeful I would have a really great Friday night with my friends. We just have small hope. We don't hope for large systemic things. I think people misunderstand that.”
So what's the answer to the entrenched in-work poverty we see in the US and UK? “In my utopia, companies would realise the same thing Henry Ford did, which is that if you make sure the population cannot afford your product, your company's going to go over pretty quickly. If government stops subsidising these companies, then it wouldn't be affordable for them to pay low wages and have zero-hours contracts.”
Ultimately, Tirado wants to show that poverty affects everyone in society, because one small life event could tip almost anyone into precarity. “Anybody can lose their job or have a horrific accident. And if you create a society, you have to create a society that works for everybody. Or you have to admit that you're no longer a society.”
• To order Hand to Mouth by Linda Tirado for £11.99 go to bookshop.theguardian.com or call 0330 333 6846
Curriculum vitae
Age 32
Family Married, two children.
Lives Washington, DC.
Education Cedar City high school, Utah; Southern Utah University, Utah.
Career 2014-present: author and journalist; 1996-2013: some hundred jobs and temp work, including manager at fast food restaurants, such as Burger King, farm work, cashier, cook, bartender, club manager, receptionist, secretary, maid, mechanic, production-line worker, car washer, nanny and political canvasser.
Book Hand To Mouth: The truth about being poor in a wealthy world
Interests Reading, knitting, watching H Jon Benjamin cartoons.
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man who had fallen off a stolenmotorbike racially abused the doctors and nurses who were trying to treat their injuries.
Homeless Connor Blampey appeared via video link from HMP Exeter where they faced a total of 12 charges.
Blampey, 20, admitted all but one charge of threatening behaviour, which was withdrawn.
They admitted aggravated vehicle taking of a black Vixen 125cc motorbike, assault by beating of a taxi driver, intimidating a witness, criminal damage to a taxi's dashboard camera, making off without payment from a taxi, criminal damage to a silver Ford Fiesta car, assaulting a police officer, racially aggravated behaviour, two counts of handling stolen goods namely a bank card and one count of burglary of a garage.
Prosecutor Richardo Childs told magistrates the most serious offence in law, that of witness intimidation, came about on August 25 when Blampey and there others took a taxi at around 1.55pm, reports plymouthherald .
They asked the driver to stop to let them get money from a cash machine, but failed to get any money out.
When the cab reached the destination, Blampey said they wanted the journey for free.
On being told no, and on having the internal CCTV pointed out to them and that the images would go to the police if they refused to pay, Blampey grabbed the dash-cam and threw it before slapping the driver across the face shouting “f*** you”.
Mr Childs said the altercation in Shrewsbury Road, Whitleigh was overheard by nearby residents and one woman who recognised Blampey's voice, having known them a number of years, looked out their window.
As they looked out, they saw Blampey and heard them exclaim that a nearby car belonged to a man they knew who they claimed had given evidence against them on another criminal matter.
Blampey was seen hefting a breeze block at the windscreen of the man's car and then head towards the woman's house with another breeze block.
They become distressed as they approached their son's bedroom window, but fortunately they were too far away to hit the window.
Magistrates heard that before this incident there were a number of Facebook messages where Blampey called the man a “f****** grass” adding “wait til I get my hands on you”.
Mr Childs noted how the racially aggravated harassment charge – which could only be dealt with at the Magistrate's court – came about after they took a motorbike without the owner's consent and damaged it following a crash.
They then tried to escape police on foot but was quickly captured.
After their arrest, officers took them to Derriford Hospital accident and emergency unit so they could be treated for their injuries.
However, whilst at the hospital, Blampey assaulted the police officer and abused medical staff.
Mr Childs said Blampey told one nurse treating them “don't come near me you P*** c***”, called another doctor a “raghead”, described all the medical staff as “nonces” before telling a doctor “f*** off you P*** c***”.
Magistrates fined Blampey £150, ordered them to pay £50 court costs and the victim surcharge of £30.
They were told they would have to pay the figure within 28 days of being released from custody.
The rest of the charges which Blampey pleaded guilty to would see them sentenced at Plymouth Crown Court on September 15.
There was no application for bail and Blampey was remanded into custody.
Female vampire bats donate blood to friends to ensure their survival down the road—suggesting the animals' social lives are much more sophisticated than we thought, a new study says.
The findings shed further light on the often maligned species, which is native to the American tropics. Vampire bats eat only blood—taking small amounts without harming their hosts—and have amassed remarkable biological hardware to do so. They can sense body heat like a pit viper, run and jump surprisingly well, and urinate half of their blood meals' water content within 30 minutes of eating.
They also live in tightly knit communities in which multiple unrelated females regularly band together, perhaps providing their pups—and each other—with body warmth and protection from predation. Vampire bats care for their their young for nine months—a long time relative to other bats, which usually become independent in about a month. (See "The Vampires That Feed on Vampires.")
It doesn't end there. Female vampire bats also help out their friends by sharing regurgitated blood with bats unlucky enough to score a meal. Consider it an on-the-fly insurance policy: If a vampire bat misses two nightly meals in a row, it will starve.
A classic example of what's called reciprocal altruism—helping another so they'll help you—this phenomenon has impressed scientists ever since University of Maryland biologist Gerald Wilkinson first reported it in the 1980s.
But Wilkinson didn't have today's monitoring technology at their disposal. So several years ago, Wilkinson's then-student Gerald Carter, now a researcher at the Smithsonian Tropical Research Institute in Panama, decided to up the ante.
Vomit Snacks
Carter worked with zoos to establish a captive population of several dozen related and unrelated common vampire bats (Desmodus rotundus) at the Organization for Bat Conservation in Michigan. They then observed them for three years, crouching in the bottom of their enclosure with a camcorder sensitive to infrared light.
During that time, Carter recorded which bats tended to share their meals with others.
To artificially invoke the bats' generosity, Carter forced individual bats to fast for 24 hours. They then reintroduced those bats—both males and females—to the group, keeping track of which bats offered vomit snacks to their hungry comrades. (See "Vampire Bats Have Vein Sensors.")
When they repeated this trial hundreds of times, Carter noticed that when a fasting female bat had previously shared their food with other females, they received more total sustenance than a selfish one. And some bats refused to help empty-bellied donors who had previously rebuffed them, in line with Wilkinson's earlier “tit-for-tat” analysis.
But Carter also noticed that for many bats, getting denied a snack by an empty-bellied but otherwise willing donor didn't doom the relationship.
In fact, the donors who previously couldn't give to their hungry neighbors gave even more once they had a meal to share, “just like how you might be especially generous to a friend if you were unable to help them for a long time,” says Carter.
The find suggests that female vampire bats constantly keep track of whom they can turn to in a time of need—and actively work to repair relationships that have gone off-track.
“Sharing meals is not just a one-off,” says Wilkinson, who was a co-author on the new study, published November 18 in Proceedings of the Royal Society B. “They integrate [social interactions] over a long period of time.”
"Elephant in a Bat Package"
“I'm just delighted,” says Brock Fenton, a biologist at the University of Western Ontario who wasn't involved in the study. Its detailed approach “finally gives us some indication of how the food sharing might have evolved” as an insurance against unsuccessful hunts.
Between their deep social cooperation and parenting skills, “you're almost looking at an elephant in a bat package,” adds Fenton.
Vampire Bats These vampire bats have heat sensors—all the better for finding the sweet spot on a sleeping victim and sipping half their weight in blood.
Researchers still have more work to do, including figuring out how mother bats teach proper vomit-sharing etiquette to their young. (See "6 Bat Myths Busted: Are They Really Blind?")
But in the interim, vampire bats teach a valuable, if bloody, lesson.
“Vampire bats are really great sharers,” says Winifred Frick, an ecologist at the University of California, Santa Cruz, who wasn't part of the study.
“We could all take a leaf out their book.”
In a recent project I got the opportunity to work with Travis, a lean, hosted continuous integration service used to build GitHub projects that is free to use for public repositiories. This post gives a brief introduction on how to build projects with Travis.
Simple Setup
Setting up Travis to build your own project(s) is quick and straightforward: Once you have signed in with your GitHub account and granted Travis a set of access permissions, you can select which repositories should be built.
From there on a build is triggered whenever a commit is made. Though Travis can somehow build the code, you usually will want to add a file named .travis.yml to the root of each of the selected repositories. This YAML format text file specifies how you want your project to be built.
A minimal .travis.yml for a Java project can be as short as:
language: java
as long as you use a common build system such as Gradle, Maven or Ant.
A slightly longer .travis.yml might look like this:
jdk: - openjdk6 script: mvn verify after_success: - chmod a+x deploy.sh - ./deploy.sh after_failure: - cat com.codeaffine.module-a/target/surefire-reports/*.txt - cat com.codeaffine.module-b/target/surefire-reports/*.txt
Each build runs in a separate virtual machine image that can be customized with additional packages, users, environment settings and so on. After a build is done, the virtual machine image is reset. This approach ensures that there is a clean and consistent environment for each build. However, there is another consequence to this: All build output that you want to keep for later use must be saved somewhere else.
Deployment
Since Travis is meant to build GitHub projects, it integrates well with GitHub Releases. With a few extra lines in the .travis.yml , arbitrary files can be uploaded to GitHub Releases. But this is just one deployment option among many – see the deployment guide for a full list of out of the box supported providers. If build artifacts should be sent somewhere else, you can always hook into the after_success event. Like shown in the example above, the deploy.sh script could push the build artifacts to a repository, e.g. under the gh-pages branch.
What is kept forever though is everything that is written to the console during the build. If a build fails, you may want to cat error logs or test reports to the console to preserve them like shown in the above example. That might help you to diagnose the failure.
Pull Requests
Travis not only builds every commit that is made by repository collaborators but also takes care of Pull Requests. Every commit in the Pull Request triggers a build that – once done – leaves a comment in the Pull Request discussion.
That way you can see if a Pull Request breaks anything without any effort.
Build Status
By default, email notifications are sent if a build fails. However, the notification policy is configurable. Recipients, occasions (success or failure) and channels (email, IRC, Campfire, webhooks, etc.) can be specified in the .travis.yml file.
To publish the build status, for example on the project's home page, you can embed a link to an image that indicates success or failure .
Try It Yourself
If you come to the Travis homepage for the first time, you will notice the ever-changing sidebar that shows all currently building projects. This is a good opportunity to browse around and see who else is using Travis.
Now it is your turn to take Travis for a spin if you like. You'll be up and running really fast. In case you need assistance, browse the Help menu of the main page. There you will find links to the extensive documentation, a mailing list, and an IRC channel.
Besides Travis CI for open source projects, there is also a commercial offering for private repositories and an on-site version.
" " Protesters demonstrate water boarding to volunteer Maboud Ebrahim Zadeh, Nov. 5, 2007, in front of the Justice Department. The demonstration was protesting the nomination of Michael Mukasey for Attorney General. Mark Wilson/Getty Images
In October 2007, Attorney General nominee Michael Mukasey drew criticism for their refusal to characterize water boarding, a controversial interrogation technique considered by many to be illegal, as torture.
Mukasey, a retired federal judge nominated by President Bush, dodged the question in their confirmation hearing by the Senate Judiciary Committee, stating that "if [water boarding] amounts to torture, it is not constitutional," but never explicitly condemning it [source: NPR]. Their response prompted several senators on the committee to declare that they would oppose Mukasey's nomination as Attorney General unless they denounced water boarding as a form of torture. Nevertheless, Mukasey was confirmed and served under President Bush.
Mukasey's nomination wasn't the first time the Bush administration faced controversy over what it considered appropriate interrogation techniques of terror suspects. In an October 2006 radio interview, Vice President Dick Cheney was asked if a "dunk in the water" was an acceptable form of prisoner interrogation. When they answered in the affirmative, many people took that to be an endorsement of water boarding. Human rights groups immediately seized on the statement as indicating support for torture, and Cheney's spokespeople released statements saying that Cheney was not endorsing water boarding when they made that remark.
Water boarding has been around for centuries. It was a common interrogation technique during the Italian Inquisition of the 1500s and was used perhaps most famously in Cambodian prisons during the reign of the Khmer Rouge regime during the 1970s. As late as November 2005, water boarding was on the CIA's list of approved "enhanced interrogation techniques" intended for use against high-value terror suspects. And according to memos released by the U.S. Department of Justice in April 2009, water boarding was among 10 torture techniques authorized for the interrogation of an al-Qaida operative. In a nutshell, water boarding makes a person feel like they or they are drowning.
Water boarding as it is currently described involves strapping a person to an inclined board, with their feet raised and their head lowered. The interrogators bind the person's arms and legs so no movement is possible and cover the person's face. In some descriptions, the person is gagged, and some sort of cloth covers the nose and mouth; in others, the face is wrapped in cellophane. The interrogator then repeatedly pours water onto the person's face. Depending on the exact setup, the water may or may not actually get into the person's mouth and nose; but the physical experience of being underneath a wave of water seems to be secondary to the psychological experience. The person's mind believes they are drowning, and the gag reflex kicks in as if they were choking on all that water falling on their face.
So what do intelligence professionals think of this technique?
Kodak was a big dog in the camera industry in the 20th century, promoting photography for hobbyists while providing innovative camera technology like its popular Instamatic cameras and even creating the world's first digital camera in 1975. Basically, Kodak could have been the Apple of photography, but somehow down the line, their focus on new and innovative products ceased to be the focus of their attention and it was all down hill from there. Stuck in the mindset of being a “film” company, Kodak failed at keeping up with the times and wasn't prepared to face the digital age as well as its competitors (who churn out digital cameras what seems like every month).
Apple was once a company in peril, but thanks to many innovations and a constant eye on the future, they've become the company everyone else wants to be and can learn from.
Here's a look at the history of a what used to be a great American company (they're 133 years old), who had a promising future only to fall behind the times and become a thing of the past.
The Beginning
1888: The name “Kodak” originates eight years after George Eastman begins commercial production of dry plate for photography. It's also the year that the Kodak camera is marketed with the slogan, “You press the button, we do the rest.”
1892: Eastman Kodak Company of New York is officially formed
1900: Hobby photography is officially within financial reach for many as Kodak releases the first Brownie camera that sells for $1 and uses film that costs 15 cents a roll.
1929: Kodak takes to Hollywood and releases its first motion picture film.
1935: Kodak introduces its Kodachrome film and is the first commercially successful amateur color film.
1951: Kodak releases a new low-priced Brownie 8mm movie camera, followed by the Brownie movie projector the following year.
1962: Kodak's work force reaches 75,000 and has U.S. consolidated sales that are more than $1 billion for the first time. Things are looking good for the camera company!
The Golden Years
1963: The popular easy-to-use Instamatic cameras with cartridge-loading film are first introduced.
1969: A Kodak camera was used in by US astronauts on the Apollo 11 mission in 1969 to film the lunar soil from only inches away.
1972: Instamatic cameras are so popular that Kodak releases five new pocket-sized ones that use smaller cartridges.
1975: The year that Kodak invents the first digital camera; a pivotal moment in the evolution of film. The prototype is the size of about a toaster and captures black-and-white images at a resolution of 10,000 pixels (.01 megapixels). Kodak executives will sit on this new revolutionary technology scared it will take away sales from its core business of selling films.
1979: Larry Matteson, a Kodak executive, produces a report that predicted the switch from film to digital all by 2010, they were about five years off, but was still pretty spot-on in their predictions.
1984: Kodak enters the video market with their Kodavision Series 2000 8mm video system and introduces Kodak videotape cassettes in 8mm, Beta and VHS formats, along with a line of floppy disks for computers. It seems they're innovators of their time, providing consumers with at-the-time current technology, but not entirely focusing on the future of their niche industry and paying any attention or focus to what Larry Matteson predicted for the future. They also pass up being the offer to be the main sponsor of the 1984 Los Angeles Olympics, which the relatively unknown Fujifilm takes and introduced them as a major competitor to Kodak.
The Beginning of the End
Mid-to-Late 1990s: Digital camera sales increase, competitors look to enhancing the digital future of the camera, while Kodak sits back and doesn't do much. Film is slowly becoming a thing of the past. Kodak also starts to patent much of the technology used in today's digital and cell phone cameras. They fail to really market to a youth-driven consumer who, as Apple has experienced, can make or break a product.
Early-2000s: With film sales down, Kodak tried to make money in other markets like drugs to chemicals, with mixed success.
2003: Kodak launches its Easyshare printer dock 6000 that prints durable, boarderless 4” x 6” prints. Digital cameras have exploded in the industry and Kodak now faces many competitors. It seems the Easyshare's easy-to-use concept would be used and perfected by other companies instead of Kodak building upon its success for better and newer products. Instead of trying to create cell phones using their patents, they focus on printers.
2004: Kodak is ejected from the Dow Jones, begins its digital makeover years too late and cuts thousands of jobs and factories. It's the wake-up call they needed a few years back.
Mid-2000s: Despite Kodak's transition to rebrand itself, it can't compete or assimilate into the digital age and create compelling digital cameras for the market.
2010: Kodak sues Apple and Research in Motion, claiming the smartphone makers are infringing its 2001 patent for technology that lets a camera preview low-resolution versions of a moving image while being able to record still images at higher resolutions. Kodak should have used their own technology and developed their own phone and if they did, they might be sitting happily next to Apple on stock charts instead of becoming a long-lost thought in history.
July 2011: Kodak starts to shop around its 1,100 digital-imaging patents to see if anyone will bite.
September 2011: Kodak hires Jones Day, a law firm that lists bankruptcies and restructuring among its stop specialties.
January 2012: Kodak files for Chapter 11 Bankruptcy. It has 18 months to turn itself around and get back into shape after being given some credit from Citigroup. The future of Kodak is unclear.
Lessons Learned
Companies, especially those in tech-related industries, can certainly walk away with how not to become obsolete, as Kodak has done.
The biggest lesson to be learned from Kodak's demise is no matter how big of a company you are, you can never be comfortable in your niche. Companies need to be and stay innovative to stay relevant an in business. Just take a look at Apple who keeps innovating its most popular products into better iterations of themselves. Apple is always working on new projects and looking to release game-changing devise…that it will then perfect with various editions.
In essence, even though Kodak was first at releasing the digital camera, they didn't follow through with their technology and was left behind. When they didn't take advantage of what they had, they stopped trying. Unlike them, Apple continues to lead the market because they're not resting on their laurels and are continuing to think as innovators and leaders.
News Release 510-486-4019 •
Scientists with the U.S. Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) have taken a big step toward the practical application of “valleytronics,” which is a new type of electronics that could lead to faster and more efficient computer logic systems and data storage chips in next-generation devices.
As reported online April 4 in the journal Nature Nanotechnology, the scientists experimentally demonstrated, for the first time, the ability to electrically generate and control valley electrons in a two-dimensional semiconductor.
Valley electrons are so named because they carry a valley “degree of freedom.” This is a new way to harness electrons for information processing that's in addition to utilizing an electron's other degrees of freedom, which are quantum spin in spintronic devices and charge in conventional electronics.
More specifically, electronic valleys refer to the energy peaks and valleys in electronic bands. A two-dimensional semiconductor called transition metal dichalcogenide (TMDC) has two distinguishable valleys of opposite spin and momentum. Because of this, the material is suitable for valleytronic devices, in which information processing and storage could be carried out by selectively populating one valley or another.
However, developing valleytronic devices requires the electrical control over the population of valley electrons, a step that has proven very challenging to achieve so far.
Now, Berkeley Lab scientists have experimentally demonstrated the ability to electrically generate and control valley electrons in TMDCs. This is an especially important advance because TMDCs are considered to be more “device ready” than other semiconductors that exhibit valleytronic properties.
“This is the first demonstration of electrical excitation and control of valley electrons, which will accelerate the next generation of electronics and information technology,” says Xiang Zhang, who led this study and who is the director of Berkeley Lab's Materials Sciences Division.
Zhang also holds the Ernest S. Kuh Endowed Chair at the University of California (UC) Berkeley and is a member of the Kavli Energy NanoSciences Institute at Berkeley. Several other scientists contributed to this work, including Yu Ye, Jun Xiao, Hailong Wang, Ziliang Ye, Hanyu Zhu, Mervin Zhao, Yuan Wang, Jianhua Zhao and Xiaobo Yin.
Their research could lead to a new type of electronics that utilize all three degrees of freedom—charge, spin, and valley, which together could encode an electron with eight values of information instead of two in today's electronics. This means future computer chips could process more information with less power, enabling faster and more energy efficient computing technologies.
“Valleytronic devices have the potential to transform high-speed data communications and low-power devices,” says Ye, a postdoctoral researcher in Zhang's group and the lead author of the paper.
The scientists demonstrated their approach by coupling a host ferromagnetic semiconductor with a monolayer of TMDC. Electrical spin injection from the ferromagnetic semiconductor localized the charge carriers to one momentum valley in the TMDC monolayer.
Importantly, the scientists were able to electrically excite and confine the charge carriers in only one of two sets of valleys. This was achieved by manipulating the injected carrier's spin polarizations, in which the spin and valley are locked together in the TMDC monolayer.
The two sets of valleys emit different circularly polarized light. The scientists observed this circularly polarized light, which confirmed they had successfully electrically induced and controlled valley electrons in TMDC.
“Our research solved two main challenges in valleytronic devices. The first is electrically restricting electrons to one momentum valley. The second is detecting the resulting valley-polarized current by circular polarized electroluminescence,” says Ye. “Our direct electrical generation and control of valley charge carriers, in TMDC, opens up new dimensions in utilizing both the spin and valley degrees of freedom for next-generation electronics and computing.”
The research was supported by the Office of Naval Research Multidisciplinary University Research Initiative program, the National Science Foundation, China's Ministry of Science and Technology, and the National Science Foundation of China.
###
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory addresses the world's most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab's scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. For more, visit www.lbl.gov.
DOE's Office of Science is the single largest supporter of basic research in the physical sciences in the United States, and is working to address some of the most pressing challenges of our time. For more information, please visit science.energy.gov.
Additional information:
The paper, “Electrical generation and control of the valley carriers in a monolayer transition metal dichalcogenide” is scheduled for Advance Online Publication on Nature Nanotechnology‘s website at 11 am ET on April 4
Debian and the PHP license
This article brought to you by LWN subscribers Subscribers to LWN.net made this article — and everything that surrounds it — possible. If you appreciate our content, please buy a subscription and make the next set of articles possible.
Unclear or idiosyncratic licenses on projects can often be problematic for distributions. In particular, Debian seems to struggle with more of these license issues than most other distributions, largely because of the project's notorious attention to that kind of detail. Even so, it is a bit surprising to see the distribution wrestling with the PHP license. One might have guessed that any problems with it would have been worked out long ago, but a problem with that license, as it applies to PHP extensions, reared its head (again) at the end of June.
The problem has been present for years. The PHP License, version 3.01—the most recent as of this writing—contains statements about the software it covers that are specific to distributing PHP itself. According to Ondřej Surý, any package that uses the license but does not come from the "PHP Group" does not have a valid license:
I did have quite a long and extensive chat with FTP Masters and our conclusion was that PHP License (any version) is suitable only for software that comes directly from "PHP Group", that basically means only PHP (src:php5) itself.
In fact, the Debian FTP masters, who serve as the gatekeepers on what packages are allowed into the distribution, specifically mention PHP in a Reject FAQ that lists reasons the team may reject packages. For PHP extensions, it says:
includes Zend Engine, so its not applicable to anything else. You have a PHP add-on package (any php script/"app"/thing, not PHP itself) and it's licensed only under the standard PHP license. That license, up to the 3.x which is actually out, is not really usable for anything else than PHP itself. I've mailed our -legal list about that and got only one response, which basically supported my view on this. Basically this license talks only about PHP, the PHP Group, and, so its not applicable to anything else.
Given that the mail referenced is from 2005, this is clearly a longstanding problem, though little seems to have been done about it over the years. PHP has updated its license and removed some of the problematic wording (the "Zend Engine" wording in particular), but there is still a belief that PHP extensions shouldn't be using the PHP license. There are a number of possible solutions to that problem, which Surý outlined. Debian could get the extension upstreams to relicense under the BSD or MIT licenses (for example), show that the software does actually come from the PHP Group, or remove the affected packages from Debian entirely. They also updated a pile of bugs that were filed against various PHP add-on modules.
It's a complicated question and, unsurprisingly, there are multiple interpretations of the license. That is unfortunate, but it is something that only the PHP Group can address—something it seems unwilling to do. There are some who think that anything distributed from PEAR (PHP Extension and Application Repository) that uses the PHP license (version 3.01 or greater) should be considered to have a reasonable license, while others would add code that comes from PECL (PHP Extension Community Library) to that list as well.
But the use of the PHP license is pervasive throughout the PHP ecosystem, well beyond just PEAR and PECL. For example, Mike Gabriel wondered what the problem was for the LGPL-covered Smarty 3 template engine. As Surý pointed out, though, Smarty 3 also uses four separate PHP files that are under the PHP license.
Surý's email subject said that the extensions covered by the PHP license were "not distributable", but others took exception to that claim. The license text says that the software is being distributed by the PHP Group, which is clearly not the case when Debian (or anyone else) distributes. Other, similar language essentially requires the distributor to lie, as Steve Langasek said:
There is nothing in these licenses that makes the software undistributable; it just requires the distributor to attach *false statements* to it as part of distribution. I have no objection to the ftp team's decision to treat this as an automatic reject on this basis - I don't think a license that requires us to make false statements is suitable for main - but it's wrong to claim that these works are undistributable.
But Marco d'Itri thought that none of that mattered. PHP support for certain packages is critical:
Reality check #1: it is quite obvious that even if anybody else accepts this interpretation then nobody cares.
Reality check #2: Debian would not be viable without major packages like PHP support for imagemagick or memcached, if we do we may as well remove the the whole language.
Matthias Urlichs piled on to the "reality check" theme. They agreed that the problem is one that no other distribution cares about and noted that Debian has had these extensions in its repositories for years. Furthermore:
Thus, reality check #3: This license contains some strange terms that make it look like it doesn't really apply to the software it's distributed with, but QUITE OBVIOUSLY the author of the software in question thought otherwise, and there is no actual legal problem (nobody else is complaining about the license, much less threatening to revoke permissions, much less suing somebody). Thus, while we're in a reasonably good position to convince Upstream to fix that problem, filing RC bugs and thus making PHP [unusable] in Debian is certainly going to be regarded as typical Debian principles-above-all overkill but unlikely to be helpful to anybody.
Later in the thread, Urlichs summarized the situation. It is clear, they said, that PHP doesn't care about the misuse of its license and the misusers don't understand that they are making a mistake. Any efforts by Debian to change that just makes the extension authors "consider us quite strange for even mentioning" a license change. They outlined three options: removing the modules ("I'd be for this in a heartbeat if it would make people switch to a saner programming language, but that's wishful thinking"), getting all of the upstreams to change their licenses ("Fat chance"), or biting the bullet and just living with the status quo.
That last option seems to be winning the day (or else everyone ran out of steam to keep arguing). As Russ Allbery put it:
I don't see this as a matter of principle unless the principle is "we refuse to deal with even major software packages that do dumb and self-contradictory things with licenses but without any intent to actually restrict the freedom of the software covered by them." And I don't actually agree with that principle. For stuff not already in Debian, sure, let's stick to a simple policy because we can usually get people to change upstream and make the world a better place, and we don't lose much if we fail. But that doesn't really apply to PHP.
For their part, Surý plans to start closing bugs for those packages that are distributed from PEAR and PECL, which covers most of the affected packages.
While PHP is able to have an unclear license that gets wrongly applied to its extensions (at least in Debian's view), it can only do so because of its popularity—lesser packages may find it much harder to find their way into distributions with oddly constructed licenses. It is important that projects choose their licenses carefully, which is something that many of these extension developers seem to have skipped. It is possible that Debian is being overly critical of the terms, but anyone reading that license may find it to be rather informal and it certainly makes life difficult for distributors. Perhaps that's what the PHP project wants, but one gets the sense that what most project members really want is just to ignore licensing issues altogether.
Hi There,
Thanks for reading the blogs so far.
In previous blogs regarding strumming we've looked at a few common patterns and how you can play many songs with each of these.
To get really interesting rhythms, you want to be able to mix up your accents and strumming between playing ‘on' and ‘off' the beat.
On the beat would be 1,2,3,4
Off the beat would be 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 +
The 2 bar strumming pattern you're going to learn here has most of it's emphasis on the ‘and/off' of the beat.
Have a look at the pattern below:
What you've got here is:
1 crotchet = 1 beat
then 14 quavers @ 1/2 beat each = 7 beats
with 3 ties.
What the tie does again is ring out the previous note (as you can see from the tied note, there is no chord below on the guitar tab)
in terms of counting you'd count it like this:
1 2 + 3 + 4 + 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 +
The notes that are tied (that you don't play are on the following)
1 2 + 3 + 4 + 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 +
Now as i've explained with strumming patterns you want to play a downstroke on the beat (1,2,3,4) and an upstroke ‘off' the beat so it'll be like this:
1 2 + 3 + 4 + 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 +
D D U U D U U D U U D U
As you can see we miss 3 downstrokes – this makes for a really nice strumming pattern.
Have a click on the link below to see how it's played with a G chord:
DDUUDUUDUUDU
So know you can play the 2 bar phrase, what you want to do now is change on all the following pulses:
1 2 + 3 + 4 + 1 + 2 + 3 + 4 +
D D U U D U U D U U D U
What i've done in the below sample is play the chorus to Bryan adams – run to you which contains Em G, D and A
Have a listen to the audio clip of me playing it:
RUN TO YOU CHORUS STRUMMING
You can use any chord combination you like – i'd thoroughly recommend playing around with this strumming pattern as it's used in 1000's of songs
Many thanks for reading
You can find other useful free advice on Twitter @jsmusicschool
Many thanks
James
Image copyright Olivia Acland Image caption Artisanal, or freelance, miners are a common sight in Sierra Leone's diamond-rich Kono district
A Christian pastor has discovered one of the world's largest uncut diamonds in Sierra Leone's Kono district.
The diamond, weighing 709 carats, is now locked up in Sierra Leone's central bank in Freetown. It is one of the 20 largest diamonds ever found.
Freelance, or artisanal, miners are common in Sierra Leone's diamond-rich areas, reports the BBC's Umaru Fofana.
But there are questions over whether the community will benefit from the gemstone, they add.
Pastor Emmanuel Momoh's discovery, which has not yet been valued, is the biggest diamond to be found in Sierra Leone since 1972, when the 969-carat Star of Sierra Leone was dug up.
It is also the 13th largest diamond ever to be found, says Mathew Nyaungwa from Rough and Polished diamond analysts.
Mr Nyaungwa adds that it is difficult to estimate a price as it is "quality not size [that] determines the value of a diamond". Our correspondent says that the discovery may have a blemish.
Last May, diamond-mining firm Lucara sold a 813-carat stone for $63m (£51m) at a closed auction in London.
My life as an artisanal miner, Umaru Fofana, BBC Sierra Leone
Image copyright Getty Images
Growing up in eastern Sierra Leone, becoming an artisanal miner was the natural thing to do.
I dug the river beds for gravel and extracted the muddy earth looking for the bounty.
The diamond deposits were sometimes so close to the surface that it was common for people to pick up tiny gemstones that had been loosened by a heavy downpour. I did that once or twice myself.
After writing my school-leaving exams I took to full-scale mining to help pay for university.
There were three of us in our gang, as a group of miners is known. We worked illegally, so we did it in a hurry before security men could catch us.
One day, as I shook the sieve under the water to wash the mud off the stones, I saw a sparkling object.
I lifted up the sieve and spotted what we had all been looking for. We then fled.
My share of the two-carat diamond paid my university fees.
The diamond the pastor discovered was first taken to President Ernest Bai Koroma on Wednesday evening before being locked up.
The president "thanked the [local] chief and their people for not smuggling the diamond out of the country", a statement from the presidency says.
Mr Koroma said that the owners should get "what is due to them" and it should "benefit the country as a whole", it adds.
World's five largest diamonds:
Image copyright AFP Image caption The Star of Sierra Leone, the world's fourth biggest discovery, was found in 1972
1. Cullinan Diamond, found in South Africa in 1905, weighed 3,107 carats
2. Lesedi La Rona, found in Botswana in 2015, weighed 1,111 carats
3. Excelsior Diamond, found in South Africa in 1893, weighed 995 carats
4. Star of Sierra Leone, found in Sierra Leone in 1972, weighed 969 carats
5. Incomparable Diamond, found in DR Congo in 1984, weighed 890 carats
Source: Mathew Nyaungwa, Rough and Polished
Sierra Leone is well known for its diamond industry but it has had a chequered history.
Diamond sales partly fuelled the country's decade-long civil war when rebel groups exchanged them for weapons.
This aspect of the conflict gained global exposure in the Hollywood film Blood Diamond, starring Leonardo Di Caprio and Djimon Hounsou.
There has been a spate of large diamond finds in recent years at mines in southern Africa, including a 1,111-carat diamond in Botswana in 2015.
By Matt Agorist
As the Free Thought Project reported earlier this month, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency (DEA) announced they will ban the popular pain relief supplement kratom by placing it on the Schedule 1 list, which denotes “no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse” – the most restrictive classification under the federal Controlled Substances Act. However, the tyranny of the DEA is now being questioned by Congress.
According to US News, Reps. Mark Pocan, D-Wis., and Matt Salmon, R-Ariz., recruited 45 signers in the House of Representatives on Friday afternoon for two letters, which will be sent Monday to Chuck Rosenberg, acting administrator of the Drug Enforcement Administration, and Office of Management and Budget Director Shaun Donovan.
This move to ban yet another highly beneficial plant by the DEA has been met with heavy backlash and multiple petitions. The backlash is entirely justified as this plant has many amazing benefits — including a potential cure for opioid addiction.
“This significant regulatory action was done without any opportunity for public comment from researchers, consumers and other stakeholders,” the lawmakers say in the letter to Rosenberg. “This hasty decision could have serious effects on consumer access and choice of an internationally recognized herbal supplement.”
The DEA's tyrannical move to ban this amazing and beneficial plant comes on the heels of peer-reviewed research showing that kratom could potentially be a much safer alternative to deadly prescription opioids.
The latest research indicates that the main component of the herb, the alkaloid mitragynine, and its metabolite and oxidation product, 7-hydroxymitragynine, produce an effect on certain opioid receptors separate from many of the mechanisms that precipitate many opioid side effects.
According to US News, preliminary scientific analysis shows that kratom, despite DEA concern about safety and anecdotal reports about dependence potential, could offer substantial harm reduction — particularly as accidental overdoses of opioids including legal painkillers and illegal drugs like heroin killed more than 28,000 in 2014 alone.
Countless patients currently using kratom to treat their heroin, alcohol, and cocaine addictions, fibromyalgia patients, and people with arthritis and cancer would no longer be able to use this plant — and instead be forced back into dangerous pharmaceuticals or the black market.
“I feel a lot of hope because the amount of congresspeople who are paying attention to this issue and the media and the public are really weighing in our favor – it's finally coming to light who the average kratom consumer is,” Susan Ash, founder of the American Kratom Association consumer group, which organized a Sept. 13 protest at the White House, said to US News.
The DEA claims that 15 deaths were attributed to kratom last month. And, if this were true it is still far safer than alcohol, tobacco, or even Tylenol. However, it's not true.
The AKA actually hired a toxicologist who reviewed the cases and found that there was no evidence to support the assertion and that most, if not all, of the deaths may have been tied to other drug use.
In a bald-faced lie, DEA spokesperson Barbara Carreno explained that “it's not that the DEA is unsympathetic to people who have chronic pain or who are addicted to opioids. We are people just like everyone else who get in a car accident and break our femurs and get cancer and have surgery and are in need of pain medicine. … It's just that science says this is a problem and we need to keep people safe.”
How, exactly, does declaring the highly beneficial kratom plant, shown to be magnitudes safer than synthetic pharmaceutical opioids and heroin, as having no medical value “keep people safe”?
The answer is simple — it does nothing to keep people safe. However, it does keep the DEA's masters in the pharmaceutical industry safe.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
As the legal pain medication epidemic sweeps the nation killing thousands every year and converting its users into heroin addicts, the pharmaceutical companies are scrambling to find an alternative. Kratom could be that alternative.
However, since kratom can be grown by anyone, pharmaceutical companies can't monopolize it — unless the government outlaws it.
On September 30, kratom will be illegal, but the synthetic patented and monopolized version will not.
As the Free Thought Project pointed out, pharmaceutical companies have been studying kratom for years to create synthetic versions of its alkaloids.
One of the plant's alkaloids is Speciofoline was granted a patent on August 10, 1964. The patent claims the “alkaloid has useful pharmacodynamic activity, particularly analgetic and antitussive activity.”
The patent was filed by Smith Kline, of Glaxo Smith Kline, & French Laboratories.
Aside from a patent on Speciofoline, US 20100209542 A1 is an application that was entered for University Of Massachusetts Medical School, University Of Mississippi in 2010. The application recognizes kratom as a treatment for opioid withdrawal. US 20100209542 A1 goes on to claim that kratom could be used to help withdrawals from other drugs as well.
American Natural Superfood - Free Sample If the DEA actually cared about the safety of Americans, the last thing they would do would push this plant into the black market where it is not put in check by consumers and ethical business practices. As Ash points out, “A lot of people say they are scared to death of relapsing without [kratom], and if this ban goes through there's going to be an illicit black market, and who knows what people are going to be putting into this product, so deaths are going to increase by that in itself.” Not only will its ban push kratom into the black market, it will create an entirely new stream of revenue for the police state. The millions of innocent people who currently use kratom will be turned into criminals — literally overnight. We can expect to see armed raids on cancer patients and other people treating their pain with this plant. We can expect to see asset forfeiture rise and general wholesale theft. And all of this tyranny, prohibition, theft, and violence, will be deemed necessary — to keep you safe — in the Land of the Free. Below is the letter from Congress to the DEA. Matt Agorist is the co-founder of TheFreeThoughtProject.com, where this article first appeared.  They are an honorably discharged veteran of the USMC and former intelligence operator directly tasked by the NSA. This prior experience gives them unique insight into the world of government corruption and the American police state. Agorist has been an independent journalist for over a decade and has been featured on mainstream networks around the world. Follow @MattAgorist. and now on Steemit
“It was a nice family gathering and someone came in and started shooting,” said a woman who emerged from the home at Stanley Avenue and Crescent Street on Sunday but declined to give their name because of the nature of the crime.
The burst of weekend violence came after several days of relative calm across the city, with shootings abating when compared with the same period last year. Since June, the Police Department has sent additional officers to the most violent areas of the city in an effort to stem a rise in shootings this year. One of those precincts is the 75th in East New York, where the nine people were shot and where, despite the additional officers, shootings and homicides have been up compared with last year.
At the same time, the department's leaders have focused increased attention on the small number of people believed to be behind the shootings, mostly young men with histories of arrests on gun charges and, in some cases, have been shot themselves.
A man who had recently been released from prison, for a 2009 shooting, was killed on Saturday in a barrage of at least 31 bullets in the Glenwood Houses on East 56th Street in the Flatlands section of Brooklyn, the police said. The man, Donnell Smith, ran inside one of the buildings around 1:40 a.m. but was shot in the elevator, the police said.
The shooting in East New York on Sunday was one of two overnight in which multiple people were struck. In the other, in the Bronx, a 20-year-old man, Christian Garcia, was shot and killed and two other people — a 17-year-old girl and a 25-year-old man — were wounded at a playground at Bolton and Lafayette Avenues around 1:30 a.m., the police said. It was not clear if Mr. Garcia was the intended target.
The Cleveland Metroparks almost certainly will take over state-run parks on the lakefront. The question is when? The likely answer is as early as next year.
General chatter about a management change on the lakefront is often accompanied by criticism of the paltry police protection and maintenance by the state.
The Metroparks, meanwhile, has been moving methodically toward the lake as it seeks to connect the Towpath Trail that follows the river with Wendy Park on the lakeshore
Ultimately, a trail system would link the parks and complete the Emerald Necklace.
Brian Zimmerman, the energetic executive director of the 95-year-old park system, acknowledged last week that there are ongoing talks with the state, but declined to identify who is involved.
"As soon as the state is ready to step forward, we are prepared to sit down with the city of Cleveland to discuss how the parks should be managed," they said Wednesday. The city retains title to the parks, which the state has run for about 35 years.
The state-run properties -- Villa Angela, Wildwood, Euclid Beach, Gordon Park, E. 55th St. Marina and Edgewater – are spaced out along nearly 14 miles of Cleveland lakefront. They total nearly 444 acres, including water acreage around docks, beaches and fishing piers. Edgewater, with 151 land acres, is the single largest parcel.
One impetus for a Metropark takeover is that the state has neither the money nor personnel to adequately maintain those properties. A Cleveland Metroparks planner estimated earlier this year that the cash-strapped state has deferred about $16 million in maintenance.
That's one of the issues that has stirred advocates of the idea like Cleveland City Councilman Mike Polensek, whose North Collinwood neighborhood contains three of the state-run parks.
Cuyahoga County Probate Judge Anthony Russo, who appoints the park system's three commissioners, also has been pushing for Metroparks involvement since 2010.
The clearest signals that the Metroparks system is poised to step in occurred last week at the park commissioners' bimonthly meeting. The agenda contained no fewer that four separate items related to such a move:
•The board approved a dollar-a-year lease of a 0.9-acre parcel of county land on Whiskey Island, on the west bank of the Cuyahoga River. "The Cleveland Metroparks desires to have an access point at Wendy Park to facilitate public access to the river," the agenda item read. The county owns the island, and its eventual management by the Metroparks is considered a key component of a lakefront plan.
•The board was prepared to vote on acceptance of two county-owned parcels on the river's east bank for similar public access, but deferred that for another meeting. It would become part of 2.8-acre plot in the Flats, to be called Rivergate, and run by the Metroparks. That would also be a link in the Towpath Trail, which will join the lakefront to the Cuyahoga Valley National Park via a path along the Cuyahoga River and canal.
•Another item authorized the park system to apply to the Cleveland Foundation for a $20,000 grant to establish a so-called Urban Beach Ambassador Program. It would be staffed by volunteers, who would provide information to visitors at Edgewater and Euclid Beach state parks. The volunteers also would serve as the eyes and ears of state park staff by reporting on safety and maintenance issues.
•The final and most dramatic manifestation of lakeward momentum was the revelation of a plan for the revitalization of Edgewater Park, perhaps the most coveted and promising park in the package.
It was drafted by Leon Younger, former executive director of the Lake Metroparks and now a consultant to park systems around the country. The Cleveland Metroparks paid $25,000 for the plan, which Younger presented after the board meeting
During two weekends in September, 307 people were interviewed at Edgewater and in downtown Cleveland. Of those, 85 percent said they would be willing to pay $15 more in taxes each year so the Metroparks could operate the lakefront parks. The owner of a $100,000 house currently pays about $63 a year in tax to the Metroparks. A 10-year levy is up for renewal next year.
Location and bad reputation were the two most cited reasons for not using Edgewater in its current state.
The plan recommended that no fewer than four Metroparks rangers be assigned to Edgewater. Currently, that's about all the state has to cover all of its parks from Edgewater to Mentor Headlands in Lake County.
Within six years the plan estimates that improvements in amenities, special events and programs, facility rentals and sales would be enough to make Edgewater self-sustaining.
That would fulfill a goal laid out by Metroparks consultants who formulated a plan for the system's next decade. They urged a greater effort at cost recovery. The Metroparks' golf courses, which historically lost money, are already breaking even.
Among other things, the Edgewater plan also suggested that the park system seek partnerships that would help underwrite certain programs.
Younger said it will take time to lure people back to Edgewater, but they will return when they start seeing improvements.
Zimmerman said the Edgewater plan is not a template that could be applied to other lakefront parks, because each is different. They said the plan was based on what people said they wanted.
"We've been looking at state parkland in earnest for the past 18 months," Zimmerman said. The plan is important because when a change comes, they said, "we want to demonstrate to the public that we've done our homework."
They were delighted two weeks ago, when another organization demonstrated that it had done homework of its own on another state-run park.
Brian Friedman, executive director of Northeast Shores Community Development Corp., presented a plan it had commissioned for the revitalization of Euclid Beach, one of three state-run parks in the North Collinwood neighborhood.
Euclid Beach is the site of the much-loved amusement park of the same name, which closed in 1969.
In short, it calls for making maximum use of existing infrastructure, while making the park more accessible, more usable and more attractive.
Northeast Shores partnered with Land Studio, a local nonprofit planning and design group, to commission the Euclid Beach plan, which was created by MKSK, a Columbus-based firm specializing in landscape architecture and urban planning.
Friedman said their group does not have the funding to rebuild the park, but hopes the plan will be useful to its next flight attendants.
Friedman said there were several motives for commissioning the plan. One was to express the neighborhood's needs, hopes and desires for the park. Another was to give residents a realistic picture of what is possible.
Beginning last season as a result of the 2012 NHL Lockout, the league replaced it's 6 divisions with 4 and introduced, among other things, a new regular season schedule format that has each team play every other team at least once both at home and away. This is good for parity and gives fans of teams in other markets a chance to see their favourite team play. It can also lead to some unfortunate circumstances.
Located on the US west coast, the 3 teams from California (Los Angeles, Anaheim, and San Jose) are quite far from the rest of the league, with just 5 teams (Arizona, Vancouver, Colorado, Calgary, and Dallas) within 2,000 kilometres of their closest Californian rival. This makes scheduling road games tricky for other teams, and often the most convenient solution is to play all 3 of the teams in one trip. Of the 27 non-Californian teams in the league, 19 of them played each of the Kings, Ducks, and Sharks in a single road trip last year, totaling 50 points in their 57 games played and a record of 22-29-6. Just 7 of those 19 teams were able to escape with a .500 record or better.
San Jose finished 2013-14 with the best home record in the Western Conference at 29-7-5. (Photo by Marcio Jose Sanchez via The Associated Press)
There are a couple of issues facing teams making this road trip, one being the level of competition that they are playing. The Ducks, Sharks, and Kings were all Stanley Cup contenders last year and finished the regular season ranked in the top 3 spots in the Pacific Division. All 3 teams had great home records with the Kings' being the worst of the bunch, averaging 1.46 points per game at the Staples Center.
In the 2014 playoffs LA eliminated both state rivals San Jose and Anaheim, as well as the Blackhawks and Rangers on the way to their second Stanley Cup in 3 years. (Photo by Gary A. Vasquez via USA Today Sports)
The other issue is that teams are often playing with little rest between games. Last year 12 of the 19 teams to make the trip played in back-to-back games, with 9 of those teams playing all 3 Californian teams in just 4 days. The home teams were often able to take advantage of their tired opponents, going 18-3-3 in the back-to-back games, compared to 17-13-3 in the remaining games. Although the competition is stiff, it seems the visiting teams are only really at a major disadvantage when they don't have a day off to rest between games. Their tiredness can at least partially be attributed to travel, most of the teams have flights longer than 4 hours to reach the coast. If the problem continues down the road it would seem an easy way to level the playing field would be to allow the visiting a rest day between games, though the current schedules are already busy and with non-game days occupied by practice and travel those extra days can be hard to come by.
The Ducks had the third best home record in the league in each of the past 2 seasons. (Photo by Robert Binder via Getty Images)
The schedule for the upcoming season is no easier for teams entering the golden state – 20 teams will face all 3 Californian teams in one shot, including 16 teams having to play back-to-back games and 13 teams playing 3 times in 4 days.
It will be interesting to see if last year's trend continues this year, as it would result in the visiting teams earning only 17 of a possible 64 points in the back-to-back games and would give 3 great teams some welcome extra points in what will be another difficult regular season in the western conference.
(Cover Photo via Waymaking.com)
Faith and LGBT communities cross paths at Logan's pride festival
This was Faye Haynes and Tony Atkins' first pride festival, but more importantly — their first pride festival together.
Atkins just recently moved up to Logan, where Haynes, their partner of six years, attends Utah State University. Atkins said it was “to escape.”
Atkins and Haynes came from one religious place to another, from Montgomery, Alabama to Logan. But the two said they've had very few issues with locals concerning their sexuality.
“Down there, it's Baptist and they are incredibly homophobic,” Atkins said. “It's awful.”
But Faye interjected that Logan has been “a welcome relief.”
The parking lot behind Logan's more-than-a-century-old Bluebird Restaurant was very different Saturday. Dozens of booths and tables touted rainbow flags as the casual and the colorful people of the festival visited, played games and listened to politicians, poetry and local musicians
Zan Burningham excitedly propped up a poster and took a video for their daughter to see that, yes, there was in fact a Logan Pride Festival.
Them daughter once played volleyball for Skyview High, leading the nation in kills, and is now bedridden from a degenerative bone disease at 40 years old.
“She's gay and married,” Burningham said. “I wanted them to see this monumental event in Logan — conservative, little Logan.”
Burningham said they spent the day volunteering at an asexual booth and afterward donated to their favorite politicians, “So they can do well, especially Misty Snow.”
While Burningham reveled in the fact that they were in Logan at a pride festival and Faye and Atkins basked in a new town, which they felt was far more accepting than the one they had both moved away from, others were at the pride festival fighting for a sense of community in a town filled with members of a church that often finds itself at odds with its LGBT members.
“You know you're loved,” USU student Joshua Blake said while smiling and hugging two random festival-goers. “You guys are great.”
Blake had been at the festival all day stationed at a Mormon hugs booth. They said he'd easily given out 200 to 300 hugs. They hadn't planned on staying at the booth. They aren't even an official volunteer. They said they showed up in a shirt with a big rainbow heart with the words “I'm a Mormon” emblazoned inside, saw the booth and knew they had to stay.
“My dad came out last year,” Blake said. “He's known their entire life, of course. But my mom — this is a very lucky experience — is the only women they have ever loved, ever felt attracted to.”
Blake said their dad, who helps run the same booth for the pride festival in the District of Columbia, was received warmly by their family's LDS ward in Virginia.
“It's amazing how much love could be shared with the Mormon community if people would just set down their traditions and open up their heart to Christ and open up their heart with them and love everyone,” Blake said.
In 2015, the LDS church clarified its position on same-sex marriages, saying that members of the church who enter into a marriage are subject to excommunication through a disciplinary council. The move made national headlines and a swift backlash from the LGBT community and its supporters — with hundreds of members formally renouncing their church memberships within the week
Earlier that year, the LDS church had been praised by the LGBT community for its involvement in passing an anti-discrimination law, a bold move since its support of Proposition 8 in California, which the church defended as an “opportunity for church members to stand for the principle of marriage between a man and a woman.”
Blake said after one year of college they plan to serve an LDS mission so they can spread their message there as well — despite not knowing how well it will be received.
“Right now I'm getting mixed reviews from different Mormon friends,” they said. “Some are very accepting and some are very standoff-ish about it.”
Blake said he'd stay near their booth until 5 p.m. so they could give out as many hugs as possible.
The booth, which is run by Mormons for Equality, a national LGBT organization, was run by other local LDS support groups.
Mama Dragons, which is made up of LDS mothers, was helping to give out hugs at the event as well.
One member, Lisa Glad, said she's received a lot of positive feedback from church members, but sometimes struggles with the church she's been a part of for so long.
“I have chosen to stay active, at least right now,” they said. “I teach nursery. It's been really hard because there are things that the church does that doesn't match what my answers to prayers have been.”
“I feel like I need to be in the church, at least at this point, so I can be there for the kids who are trying to figure out who they are when they don't fit into the Mormon box,” they added.
Peter Harrison, a spokesperson for Mormons for Equality, said while the organization's message of full equality for the LGBT community can be difficult, it's important.
“This is the perfect place to be,” they said. “Cache Valley is so predominantly LDS and I think a lot of people in the LGBT community don't know that there are Mormons who are accepting and affirming and believe in equal rights and there are those people and we just love everyone.”
— jacksonmurphy111@gmail.com
@jackwhoisnice
Ailing DevilDriver bassist Aaron “Bubble” Patrick has been diagnosed with Streptococcus Pneumonia. An update on their condition from their mother, Jane, can be found below:
“Here is the latest situation on Aaron as of this morning. The Streptococcus pneumonia has damaged Aaron‘s liver, kidneys and bone marrow. They have been able to cough up a fair amount of infection, but their lungs are still very full. Along with the pneumonia there have also been a series of side effects that are taking a toll on their body. A horrible case of Pancreatitis has developed, which caused their fever to persist.  They are still dependent on oxygen and cannot be released until they can breathe sufficiently and the oxygen is not required.
So now their release date may be pushed back until early next week, March 20? Then they must rest at least a week before getting on a plane, as the lungs cannot take the pressure. I am hoping to get them home on a non-stop flight around the 30th of March. They will have to again rest for weeks. The doctor told me it was touch and go before I got here. We are hopeful for release early next week. Prayers please!
—
Jane”
Share
Ireland's preeminent techno DJ steps up.
If you're interested in dance music in Ireland, whether it's house, techno, trance or something else, there's a very good chance you're aware of Sunil Sharpe, and it's likely you're a fan of what they do. There are probably two key reasons behind Sharpe's transcendent status. The first is that he's an exceptional techno DJ. He's a DJ who is a joy to watch—his technical skills are exemplarily, ripping records off the turntables and cutting between tracks in a blur of motion, while their selections are as intense as they are varied. Dublin crowds have formed deep bonds with DJs like Dave Clarke, Surgeon and Blawan over the years, and when they come to town Sharpe has long felt like the natural choice to play alongside them.
The second reason could be Sharpe's inclusive way of engaging with the scene. They recently started a video series called Quarterly Crate, for example, where they talk, off-the-cuff, for an hour or more about their favourite new vinyl releases, their easy-going manner characteristic of someone who just enjoys sharing. They also teach as part of a one-year standalone DJ technique course in Dublin, helping a new generation of selectors to find their feet. Their reputation outside of Ireland, meanwhile, has developed rapidly, thanks in part to their strong work in the studio. Sharpe is drawn to a particularly restless style of techno production—see releases for Works The Long Nights, Brothers, Trensmat and their own label, On The Hoof—that features warped sound design and high-impact arrangements, something that's especially true of their ongoing Tin Foil project with DeFeKT, with the pair writing techno as though soundtracking a riot.
In an interview with Boiler Room from 2014, Sharpe discussed the idea that the original prerequisites for techno were a sense of funk and experimentation. It's not something they outright said they subscribe to, but these are central themes of their RA podcast, with syncopated grooves and exciting production twists flowing freely in the mix. If you're heading to this year's Bloc. festival, put Sharpe on your "must-see" list.
What have you been up to recently?
I've been wrapping up a lot of music mostly. Literally just confirmed a couple of releases with Shipwrec and Umwelt's Rave Or Die label, which I'm happy about. I'm not necessarily going to flood the market this year, but there will be a fairly big output of material, starting on On The Hoof, and then spreading out over other labels. I have also been doing initial practice runs with DeFeKT for our first Tinfoil live shows, happening soon in Dublin and Amsterdam.
How and where was the mix recorded?
It was done at home on two decks and a mixer, some time at the beginning of November. Like any studio mix I do, all of the records were out of their sleeves and ready to fire straight onto a deck as soon as one came off.
Can you tell us about the idea behind the mix?
I was aiming for a smooth, free-flowing mix, keeping the mixing as precise as I could. The mix itself spans 25-plus years, and covers a fair amount of ground I think/hope. Usually for studio mixes I take a short time picking out records and then see what fits well with each other, but for this it was a longer process. I did it at my own leisure, allowing the tracklist to form quite naturally over maybe four or five weeks. I put aside records here and there until I had about 45 to 50 that I thought would make a good "journey." I tested out the tracks with each other, and then cut out the fat, so to speak, for when I mixed it. So instead of playing two or three early trance records, it became just one; or instead of more electro, it became a little bit less—stuff like that. I'm playing a lot of new techno now, but this mix is maybe a bit more reflective overall, and reflective of my time working in a record shop. I think that's why the main decade included here is the '00s.
We understand that you do DJ training and teaching in Dublin. Tell us about the course.
Yes, I've taught at Bray Institute Of Further Education since 2005. It's a one-year, full-time DJ course, the only one of its type in Ireland, I believe. The common age group is 18 to 21, but we have all ages, really, one man a couple of years ago was 52. There are other related modules we cover so it's not strictly DJing, however, the emphasis is on DJ techniques. My role is to get them up to a good basic standard for playing in clubs, and to eliminate bad habits they may have gotten into, while helping them develop their own unique skills. I especially use my own experience and mistakes as a way to show them what to watch out for or avoid. Some DJs who come onto the course are already very good, but I like to think I can guide them in other ways also, and in their more immediate career path. We also have different guests, who would be well-known in Ireland, to come in and talk to the students throughout the year.
DJing is a personal skill, so I try my best not to say that one way is the only way (well, maybe if they're pushing the platter too much, it's like a road to nowhere if the pitch isn't right). With cutting for instance, you can use the crossfader, line faders or line switches, it's one skill that can be noticeably different from DJ to DJ. I enjoy seeing how DJs make this skill their own. This is part of the essence of live DJing, just like the selection process. I actually believe that too many people, and most dance music media outlets, that I see today place an undue emphasis on selection. Yes, variety and originality of selection are very important, of course, but maybe let's acknowledge the physical craft more. It's worth remembering that while one person spends the evening adding to their Discogs cart and expanding their rare Bolivian post-punk collection, there's another person spending all evening trying to get a scratch right or mix tracks in a way that isn't being done by others. I applaud anyone who digs deep, I really do, but there are other aspects of DJing that perhaps need more mention or focus again.
You've spoken eloquently in the past about the health of the global techno scene. Where are we at right now in your view?
Thank you. The techno scene is in great shape now I think, but it did kill itself before by losing most of the variety it had and boring people, which it needs to be careful of again. One thing it has had on its side this time, and propping it up in different ways, is Berghain. The health of the scene doesn't all rest on it, but take Berghain away and things could be quite different. Luckily clubs and scenes in other countries have really grown in recent years, too. I'm still getting to know some of these places better, but it seems like there is a very strong infrastructure in some countries, Holland being a notable example. The new Doornroosje, for instance, is an amazing club/venue, but when I heard that the local government actually funded the building of it, even bigger wow!
I think a lot of techno music has been in an atmospheric loop for ages now. There are still many Jeff Mills and Regis/Sandwell soundalike records (which fools like me still buy) but check out as much new stuff as you can and you will find some new gold. Blawan drew a lot of people to techno in recent years, and you can still hear their influence a bit, too. There are many strong records coming out but I'm probably one of these idealists who always feels techno can be more varied or that it could just be weirder sometimes. But hey, we've got a strong scene and big audience again, records are selling again etc. It's an optimum time for anyone to step up with a new style of techno if they want. It is happening a bit I guess, but without the aid of a big or savvy label, some producers or styles don't break through in the way they should. It's an interesting time though, not only are DJs buying techno records now, there are a lot of pure collectors and casual fans, too. I feel this should give comfort to a lot of producers in terms of how far they want to push their sound.
What are you up to next?
Gigging a lot and just looking forward to the year ahead. As well as the Tinfoil stuff and my own material, I've also started doing some music with Faetch, I reckon we'll have something ready pretty soon. Am I lining up the next Earwiggle releases too—this month is an Oliver Rosemann EP with a Sleeparchive remix, then another Faetch record followed by three or four more releases this year, which are nearly done. Also doing a couple of Earwiggle nights in the coming weeks in Cork and Antwerp.
My main personal plans are to challenge myself more in DJing, music-making, and so on. I was thinking of my early music again recently, or my attempts at it at least, and I'm pretty sure many of the ideas I had then been better than ones I have now. For instance, there is a track I unearthed from 2004, and with a bit of a fresh mix I think it's now good to release. I can hear a different type of freedom in it, something that isn't too bogged down by club music or production procedures. I'm going to try to get into a similar frame of mind this year and make something more substantial from an artistic point of view. I still like my new stuff, don't get me wrong! I just want to reset the counter and come at it differently. Anyway, thanks for having me, and I hope people enjoy the mix!
The coalition's neoliberal agenda is the most radical social revolution in decades – with the dismantling of the tyrannical state at its heart. Cultural theorist Stuart Hall looks at the rapid advance of the ideology and asks: can it be reversed?
We are living through an extraordinary political situation: the end of the debt-fuelled boom, the banking crisis of 2007-10, the defeat of New Labour and the rise to power of a Conservative-Liberal Democratic coalition. What sort of crisis is this? Is it a serious wobble in the trickle-down, win-win, end-of-boom-and-bust economic model that has dominated global capitalism? Does it presage business as usual, the deepening of present trends, or the mobilisation of social forces for a radical change of direction? Is this the start of a new conjuncture?
My argument is that the present situation is another unresolved rupture of that conjuncture which we can define as "the long march of the Neoliberal Revolution". Each crisis since the 1970s has looked different, arising from specific historical circumstances. However, they also seem to share some consistent underlying features, to be connected in their general thrust and direction of travel. Paradoxically, such opposed political regimes as Thatcherism and New Labour have contributed in different ways to expanding this project. Now the coalition is taking up the same cause.
Neoliberalism is grounded in the "free, possessive individual", with the state cast as tyrannical and oppressive. The welfare state, in particular, is the arch enemy of freedom. The state must never govern society, dictate to free individuals how to dispose of their private property, regulate a free-market economy or interfere with the God-given right to make profits and amass personal wealth. State-led "social engineering" must never prevail over corporate and private interests. It must not intervene in the "natural" mechanisms of the free market, or take as its objective the amelioration of free-market capitalism's propensity to create inequality.
According to the neoliberal narrative, the welfare state mistakenly saw its task as intervening in the economy, redistributing wealth, universalising life-chances, attacking unemployment, protecting the socially vulnerable, ameliorating the condition of oppressed or maginalised groups and addressing social injustice. Its do-gooding, utopian sentimentality enervated the nation's moral fibre, and eroded personal responsibility and the overriding duty of the poor to work. State intervention must never compromise the right of private capital to grow the business, improve share value, pay dividends and reward its agents with enormous salaries, benefits and bonuses.
The formation of a Conservative-Liberal Democratic coalition in May 2010 was fully in line with the dominant political logic of realignment. In the spirit of the times, Cameron, with Blair as their role model, signalled their determination to reposition the Tories as a "compassionate conservative party", though this has turned out to be something of a chimera.
At the same time, many underestimated how deeply being out of office and power had divided the Lib Dem soul. Coalition now set the neoliberal-inclined Orange Book supporters, who favoured an alliance with the Conservatives, against the "progressives", including former social democrats, who leaned towards Labour. A deal – its detail now forgotten – was stitched up, in which the social liberals were trounced, and Cameron and Clegg "kissed hands" in the No 10 rose garden (the former looking like the cat that had swallowed the cream). The Lib Dems thus provided the Cameron leadership with the fig leaf it needed – while the banking crisis gave the alibi. The coalition government seized the opportunity to launch the most radical, far-reaching and irreversible social revolution since the war.
Coalition policy often seems incompetent, with failures to think things through or join things up. But, from another angle, it is arguably the best prepared, most wide-ranging, radical and ambitious of the three regimes that, since the 1970s, have been maturing the neoliberal project. The Conservatives had for some time been devoting themselves to preparing for office – not in policy detail but in terms of how policy could be used in power to legislate into effect a new political settlement. They had convinced themselves that deep, fast cuts would have to be made to satisfy the bond markets and international assessors. But could the crisis be used, as the rightwing economist Milton Friedman had suggested, to "produce real change"?
The legislative avalanche began immediately and has not let up. It begins negatively ("the mess the previous government left us") but ends positively, in embracing radical structural reform as the solution. Ideology is in the driving seat, though vigorously denied. The front-bench ideologues – Osborne, Lansley, Gove, Maude, Duncan Smith, Pickles, Hunt – are saturated in neoliberal ideas and determined to give them legislative effect. As One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest put it: "The crazies are in charge of the asylum." They are single-minded about the irreversible transformation of society, ruthless about the means, and in denial about the fallout. Osborne – smirking, clever, cynical, "the smiler with the knife" – wields the chopper with zeal. Cameron – relaxed, plausible, charming, confident, a silver-spooned patrician, "a smooth man" – fronts the coalition TV show. This crews long ago accepted Schumpeter's adage that there is no alternative to "creative destruction". They have given themselves, through legislative manoeuvring, an uninterrupted five years to accomplish this task.
Its wide-ranging character must be judged in terms of the operational breadth of the institutions and practices they aim to "reform", their boldness in siphoning state-funding to the private sector, and the number of constituencies they are prepared to confront. Reform and choice – the words already hijacked by New Labour – are the master narrative. They may be Conservatives but this is not a conserving regime (it is a bemused Labour that is toying with the "blue-Labour" conservative alternative now). Tories and Lib-Dems monotonously repeat the dissembling mantras of their press and public relations people: "We are clearing up the mess inherited from the previous government." But the neoliberal engine is at full throttle.
We cannot deal with the cuts in any detail here. They have only just started and there is much more to come. Instead we limit ourselves to tracking the neoliberal logic behind the strategy.
First, targeted constituencies – ie anyone associated with, relying or dependent on the state and public services. For the rich, the recession never happened. For the public sector, however, there will be massive redundancies, a wage freeze, pay running well behind the rate of inflation, pensions that will not survive in their present form, rising retirement ages. Support for the less well off and the vulnerable will be whittled away, and welfare dependency broken. Benefits will be capped, workfare will be enforced. The old must sell homes to pay for care; working parents must buy childcare; and incapacity-benefit recipients must find work. Sure Start, the schools refurbishment programme and the Education Maintenance Allowance scheme are on hold. Wealthy parents can buy children an Oxbridge education: but many other students will go into lifelong debt to get a degree. You cannot make £20bn savings in the NHS without affecting frontline, clinical and nursing services. Andrew Lansley, however, "does not recognise that figure". Similarly, though everybody else knew that most universities would charge the maximum £9,000 tuition fees, David "Two-Brains" Willetts doesn't recognise that figure. Saying that square pegs fit into round holes has become a front-bench speciality.
Women stand where many of these savage lines intersect. As Beatrix Campbell reminds us, cutting the state means minimising the arena in which women can find a voice, allies, social as well as material support; and in which their concerns can be recognised. It means reducing the resources society collectively allocates to children, to making children a shared responsibility, and to the general "labour" of care and love.
Second, there is privatisation – returning public and state services to private capital, redrawing the social architecture. The Blair government was an innovator here. To avoid the political hassle of full privatisation, it found you could simply burrow beneath the state/market distinction. Outsourcing, value for money and contract contestability opened the doors through which private capital could slip into the public sector and hollow it out from within. Privatisation now comes in three sizes: (1) straight sell-off of public assets; (2) contracting out to private companies for profit; (3) two-step privatisation by stealth, where it is represented as an unintended consequence. Some examples: in criminal justice, contracts for running prisons are being auctioned off and, in true neoliberal fashion, Ken Clarke says they cannot see any difference in principle whether prisons are publicly or privately owned; in healthcare, the private sector is already a massive, profit-making presence, having cherry-picked for profit medical services that hospitals can no longer afford to provide; while in the most far-reaching, top-down NHS reorganisation, GPs, grouped into private consortia (part of whose profits they retain), will take charge of the £60bn health budget. Since few GPs know how, or have time, to run complex budgets, they will "naturally" turn to the private health companies, which are circling the NHS like sharks waiting to feed. Primary Care Trusts, which represented a public interest in the funding process, are being scrapped. In the general spirit of competition, hospitals must remove the cap on the number of private patients they treat.
Third, the lure of "localism". In line with David Cameron's Big Society, "free schools" (funded from the public purse – Gove's revenge) will "empower" parents and devolve power to "the people". But parents – beset as they are by pressing domestic and care responsibilities, and lacking the capacity to run schools, assess good teaching, define balanced curricula, remember much science or the new maths, or speak a foreign language, while regarding history as boring, and not having read a serious novel since GCSE – will have to turn to the private education sector to manage schools and define the school's "vision". Could the two-step logic be clearer?
Fourth, phoney populism: pitching communities against local democracy. Eric Pickles intends to wean councils permanently off the central grant system. Meanwhile, social housing is at a standstill, housing benefits will be cut and council rents allowed to rise to commercial levels in urban centres. Many will move to cheaper rentals, losing networks of friends, child support, family, school friends and school places. Parents must find alternative employment locally – if there is any – or allow extra travelling time. Jobseekers' allowances will be capped. As the private housing lobby spokesperson said: "We are looking forward to a bonanza." Since the early days of Thatcher we have not seen such a ferocious onslaught on the fabric of civil society, relationships and social life.
Fifth, cutting down to size state involvement in quality of life. Amenities such as libraries, parks, swimming baths, sports facilities, youth clubs and community centres will either be privatised or disappear. Either unpaid volunteers will "step up to the plate" or doors will close. In truth, the aim is not – in the jargon of 1968 from which the promiscuous Cameron is not ashamed to borrow – to "shift power to the people", but to undermine the structures of local democracy. The left, which feels positively about volunteering, community involvement and participation – and who doesn't? – finds itself once again triangulated into uncertainty. The concept of the Big Society is so empty that universities have been obliged to put it at the top of their research agenda on pain of a cut in funding – presumably so that politicians can discover what on earth it means: a shabby, cavalier, duplicitous interference in freedom of thought.
What is intended is a permanent revolution. Can society be permanently reconstructed along these lines? Is neoliberalism hegemonic?
The protests are growing. Weighty professional voices are ranged against structural reforms, and the speed and scale of cuts in a fragile economy. There are pauses, rethinks and U-turns. Finally, there are unexpected developments that come out of the blue, such as the phone-hacking scandal that enveloped Rupert Murdoch's News International. In the free-for-all ethos of neoliberal times, this sordid affair blew the media's cover, compromised the Cameron leadership and penetrated echelons of the state itself. As Donald Rumsfeld ruefully remarked, "Stuff Happens!" If the Lib-Dem wheeze of delivering cuts in government and campaigning against them at the next election fails to persuade, they face the prospect of an electoral wipe-out. The coalition may fall apart, though at an election the Conservatives might get the majority they failed to muster last time. What happens next is not pregiven.
Hegemony is a tricky concept and provokes muddled thinking. No victories are permanent or final. Hegemony has constantly to be worked on, maintained, renewed, revised. Excluded social forces, whose consent has not been won, whose interests have not been taken into account, form the basis of counter-movements, resistance, alternative strategies and visions … and the struggle over a hegemonic system starts anew. They constitute what Raymond Williams called "the emergent" – and the reason why history is never closed but maintains an open horizon towards the future.
However, in ambition, depth, degree of break with the past, variety of sites being colonised, impact on common sense, shift in the social architecture, neoliberalism does constitute a hegemonic project. Today, popular thinking and the systems of calculation in daily life offer very little friction to the passage of its ideas. Delivery may be more difficult: new and old contradictions still haunt the edifice, in the very process of its reconstruction. Still, in terms of laying foundations and staging the future on favourable ground, the neoliberal project is several stages further on. To traduce a phrase of Marx's: "Well grubbed, old mole." Alas!
• This article was amended on 14 September 2011. The original said "Independent Maintenance Grants are on hold". This has been corrected to Education Maintenance Allowances.
The Lay's brand has created some of my favourite potato chip flavours over the years, and now they are asking fans to weigh in and share their ideas for the next BIG flavour! Canadians across the country can take part in creating the next great potato chip flavour by participating in the Lay's Do Us a Flavour contest. You don't have to be a foodie, chef or flavour expert to enter the contest. If you're passionate about a flavour, you can enter for a chance to win $50K plus 1% of your flavour's future sales (after voting period) if crowned as the flavour champion.
Kidsumers wants you to participate in the Lay's Do Us a Flavour contest by entering your flavour name, up to three ingredients and your flavour inspiration (in 140 characters) at lays.ca/flavour. All Lay's fans can submit their flavour ideas at www.lays.ca/flavour until April 15, 2013.
Those without a Facebook account can submit their flavour by texting the word “flavour” to 101010. For full contest rules and details, visit www.lays.ca/flavour.
I can't wait to hear what you come up with!
To celebrate this awesome contest, we are going to hold a contest of our own. One of my lucky readers will win a Lay's Prize Pack (contents listed below).
Prize Pack Contents
– An assortment of Lay's potato chips
– Lay's cutting board
– Do Us a Flavour Apron
– Oil & Vinegar set
– Lay's Flavour shaker
– 2 Ramekins
– Recipe organizer
– Lay's Potato sack
– Do Us a Flavour™ Spices
Lately I have been creating a lot of forms — administration applications just tend to have plenty of them. Obviously one of the most important topics I needed to solve is how to efficiently handle whatever server has to say about my beautiful model that I am sending to that beast.
Simple API error handling with global error and field error visible
Angular is great with forms having all those custom directives to handle validation and ng-messages to show errors as they come in (although lately I personally use custom directive based on ng-messages). But at some point you need to send all of that data to the server and a lot of bad things can happen. Depending on your application you can have 100% of server side validation replicated on Frontend, which is great, but often there are some checks that will be done just when you send the whole thing. Whatever is the case, your API will eventually send you a “not 200" response that you need to handle. More importantly, you need to give user feedback what happened.
Requirements
When planning for api error handling I decided that I need to cover several use cases:
I need to show general api errors in given place in form (e.g. top of the form). This is when something happens and we don't really know what (server failed) I need to show field related error next to the field as I would show standard validation error. I need to show some errors in general area that are field related but that field is not found in form. I want to be able to decide if particular form field should have error attached to that field or should it fall into “general error” area.
Use Case 1 and Use Case 2 for simple API error handling
I believe 1 and 2 are easy to understand but some explanation is needed for number 3 and 4.
Why number 3? Sometimes you are adding some data to request that is not explicitly editable by user inside form (hidden fields, some generated data). It can happen that this additional data is invalid. In such case we need to tell something meaningful to the user. Even if it is to contact administrator etc.
Use Case 3 and Use Case 4 for simple error handling
Why 4? This might be my custom requirement but I needed to be able to decide if particular form field is considered an “API field” and should get all errors delivered to that field $error. This solution assumes that field needs to be consciously declared as “aware of api errors” to get those delivered.
Form validation and API errors
Frontend validators are cool. We know what happens, we know how to fix it. Angular comes in and gives us all those helpers like $valid, $invalid etc. But it is not so easy when handling API error. We do not necessarily know what is the reason error occurred just from response and we are not prepared to call any validation mechanism that could tell us when it got fixed. Error happened, user should read the message and act accordingly. We will just try not to get in user's way.
To enable that we definitely do not want to block re-sending the form if we cannot say when user fixed issue. For that reason let's divide API errors into 2 groups:
Do not invalidate form at all (save button should be enabled)— use cases 1, 2 and 4 Invalidate one field model (save button gets disabled)— use case 3
What it means is that if there is any type of general error not connected to any form field or the field is not found in form or not marked as “API error aware”, do not invalidate anything. If there is an API error for existing field and that field tells us that it wants to handle API errors, then apply that error to the field resulting in $invalid state for field model.
Direct result of those requirements is the need to implement proper mechanism to take in API error connected to the field and then remove it as user attempts to fix this error.
Planning solution
If you create a simple AngularJS application you might have created a controller that exposes function like “ctrl.save()” that sends the data and possibly handles error in promise failure block like:
This works ok for small applications but we need something more complex and a bit more automated and obvious from HTML perspective. For this we create following components:
api-form directive — it should be declared next to “form” or “ng-form” and will automatically attach logic to that form controller. api-validate directive — it should be declared next to ng-model on particular field to indicate that this field is “server error aware”. Plus it will hold logic on when to remove error. It will expose “$registerApiError” interface on ng-model to handle API errors related with the field. ApiFormValidationService — service used to implement all the logic needed by this solution.
The goal is that by just adding “api-form” to any of our forms it will automatically start handling errors for us:
<form name="myForm" api-form>
<input type="text" name="fieldName" ng-model="fieldModel"/>
</form>
To have an error attached to the field errors, we just add api-validate directive next to it's ng-model:
<form name="myForm" api-form>
<input type="text" name="fieldName" ng-model="fieldModel" api-validate/>
</form>
Of course we need to be able to show general errors for my form so I need to extend formController with some custom parameters — we will add $api object to it. This object will hold basic information similar to the form itself but exposing what backend knows about this form. All fields in this object should work similarly how you expect them to work in standard form:
$api: {
$valid: true,
$invalid: false,
$error: null
}
For the sake of this post let's assume that backend is responding with this kind of structures when having error:
ACLU demands info on domestic military deployments Nick Juliano
Published: Tuesday October 21, 2008
Print This Email This Following reports that US troops will be permanently on call to work inside the United States handling "civil unrest," "crowd control" and other functions traditionally carried out by civilian law enforcement agencies, activists are demanding to know why the Pentagon is reversing a longstanding prohibition on domestic deployment of the military.
The Department of Defense for the first time is assigning a full-time Army unit to be on call with Northern Command, which was created after Sept. 11 to facilitate military cooperation with the Department of Homeland Security in the event of another terrorist attack.
The American Civil Liberties Union is demanding more details on the domestic deployments, which appear to violate the Posse Comitatus Act, which prohibits use of the military to direct internal affairs of the US. The ACLU warns that without fully knowing the reasoning and justifications behind the Army's plan, the domestic deployments could be used to expand a militarized surveillance apparatus that already includes the National Security Agency's warrantless wiretapping program and DHS's plans to turn military spy satellites inside US borders.
This is a radical departure from separation of civilian law enforcement and military authority, and could, quite possibly, represent a violation of law, former FBI Agent Mike German, an ACLU national security policy counsel, said in a news release. Our Founding Fathers understood the threat that a standing army could pose to American liberty. While future generations recognized the need for a strong military to defend against increasingly capable foreign threats, they also passed statutory protections to ensure that the Army could not be turned against the American people. The erosion of these protections should concern every American.
The ACLU sent a nine page Freedom of Information Act request (pdf) to the Justice Department, Pentagon and DHS for documents related to the decision to deploy an army unit and outlining the unit's duties.
A report in the Army Times last month first brought the domestic deployment to light. The Army's 3rd Infantry Division 1st Brigade Combat Team became the first unit assigned permanently to Northern Command.
According to the Army Times report, the Team would be on-call to respond in the event of a natural disaster or terror attack anywhere in the country, or they could be used to "help with civil unrest and crowd control." But most of their time would be spent training for an expected return to either Iraq or Afghanistan in early 2010.
Some fear the possibility that the unit's training could serve a dual purpose if the soldiers were deployed domestically, although the Army is attempting to downplay those concerns. The 1st BCTs soldiers also will learn how to use the first ever nonlethal package that the Army has fielded, 1st BCT commander Col. Roger Cloutier said, referring to crowd and traffic control equipment and nonlethal weapons designed to subdue unruly or dangerous individuals without killing them.
The package is for use only in war-zone operations, not for any domestic purpose.
Its a new modular package of nonlethal capabilities that theyre fielding. Theyve been using pieces of it in Iraq, but this is the first time that these modules were consolidated and this package fielded, and because of this mission were undertaking we were the first to get it.
The package includes equipment to stand up a hasty road block; spike strips for slowing, stopping or controlling traffic; shields and batons; and, beanbag bullets. The ACLU's request focuses on the deployments as yet another step in a series of what it calls "incremental encroachments" by the military towards operating within the US.
The militarys deployment within U.S. borders raises critical questions that must be answered, said Jonathan Hafetz, staff attorney with the ACLU National Security Project. What is the units mission? What functions will it perform? And why was it necessary to deploy the unit rather than rely on civilian agencies and personnel and the National Guard? Given the magnitude of the issues at stake, it is imperative that the American people know the truth about this new and unprecedented intrusion of the military in domestic affairs.
- Advertisement -
BANGLADESH, WOMEN AND DEMOCRACY
By
Janice G. Raymond
Most of South Asia's female leaders have ended up dead or in detention. Indira Gandhi, Aung San Suu Kyi, Benazir Bhutto and now, in Bangladesh, former Prime Ministers, Khaleda Zia and Sheikh Hasina Wazed.
January, 2008 marked the one year anniversary of a state of emergency in Bangladesh. The recent history of Bangladesh, the former East Pakistan, is what some have called the “Pakistanization” of the country: a military-backed government, a judiciary under siege, the suspension of democratic values and the imprisoning of former Prime Ministers.
- Advertisement -
In January, 2007, after violent clashes between political parties in the streets, a military-controlled civilian caretaker government was installed promising elections within several months, which have not yet been held. Fundamental rights and freedoms were suspended, including massive arrests without warrant, deprivation of bail, and the setting up of special courts. A Special Powers Act imposed a ban on political activities, applied also to in-house meetings of four persons, designated as “indoor politics.” There have been considerable numbers of detentions -- by some estimates, 250,000 or more – and many reports of custodial torture.
Women continue to be the victims of extreme forms of violence and sexual exploitation. Rape and acid violence are common. As the June 2007 US State Department's annual Trafficking in Persons Report noted, Bangladesh continues to be a source and transit country for trafficking in women and children, most trafficked into sexual slavery in India and Pakistan.
The present government's unwritten policy of “Minus Two” has put the major blame for the corrupt and chaotic politics of Bangladesh squarely on the shoulders of its two former Prime Ministers, Khaleda Zia and Sheikh Hasina Wazed, who have traded power for the last 15 years. In an attempt to “disappear” these women from any future political leadership role, the government implemented its “minus the two begums (ladies)” goal by attempting to prevent Sheikh Hasina from returning to the country and force Khaleda Zia into exile in Saudi Arabia. Hasina demanded that they be allowed to return, and Zia refused to leave.
- Advertisement -
Odhikar, a prominent Bangladeshi human rights organization that publishes frequent reports on Bangladesh, has noted the simplistic “anti-women politics” of singularly blaming these two leaders for the political, social and economic problems of Bangladesh. The intractable problems of the country have, in fact, been dominated by the costly failures of development agendas, the challenges faced by a young and struggling democracy, and the endemic poverty of the country. It remains to be seen whether the two begums will be blamed for Bangladesh's recurring catastrophic floods!
As representatives of the Coalition Against Trafficking in Women (CATW), I and a colleague traveled to Bangladesh several weeks ago on a fact-finding mission occasioned by the arrest, jailing and sentencing of Sigma Huda. Huda is the former head of our organization there, and a well-known human rights lawyer and activist. Huda's health problems are multiple and major, and their physician has stated that they are at “imminent risk of death.”
Huda was sentenced in August, 2007 to a three year jail term on charges of aiding and abetting the alleged corruption of their husband, Nazmul, a former Minister of Parliament and cabinet minister. Many wives of prominent politicians have been jailed as accomplices in their husbands' alleged wrongdoing. In Sigma Huda's case, however, they are a national and international force in their own right. Long a topnotch lawyer who has been willing to challenge powerful institutions in the society, including abuses occurring under their husband's government, they have also waged legal battle with corruption in the police. For the last three years, they have been the UN Special Rapporteur on Trafficking in Persons. In an apparent twist of their fate, they stand condemned as an appendage of their husband's alleged crimes. But it appears that Sigma Huda is being additionally penalized because they have been an independent and outspoken woman with the international standing to spotlight the abuses of the current Bangladeshi regime.
Disparate treatment can be illustrated by comparing the custodial environment of Nazmul to that of Sigma. Nazmul has their own room, an area where they can walk and exercise, sanitary facilities and the society of other male prisoners with whom they are allowed to converse. In contrast, Sigma is incarcerated in filthy conditions in a common area with multiple women who share one toilet that constantly overflows, has no space to walk, and cannot talk at length with other women.
Bangladesh has persistent problems. It is the most corrupt country in the world. However, the western embassies in Bangladesh seem to have endorsed this government's fiction of fighting corruption by using the most repressive measures. Meaningful reforms cannot happen when due process is suspended, or when the courts are politicized. The current government has violated human rights and allowed political extremism in the form of velvet-gloved militarism to strengthen its hold on the country. The situation of women in Bangladesh is emblematic of the regime's widespread repression of the democratic process.
News EFF to ask for Zuma's removal
The EFF is expected to demand President Jacob Zuma's removal as president if they were to become coalition partners with the ANC in South Africa's prime metropolitan municipalities.
Having suffered significant losses, the ANC is on a mission to enter into coalition talks so it can claw back power in the country's 27 hung municipalities.
In a desperate bid to hang on to power in the metros and cities that it lost in this week's humiliating elections, the ANC is dangling carrots in front of possible coalition partners.
It wants to prevent them from siding with the DA, the biggest gainer in Wednesday's polls.
The final results indicated 27 hung municipalities, where no party had secured an outright victory. These include the metros of Nelson Mandela Bay in Eastern Cape as well as Tshwane, Johannesburg and Ekurhuleni in Gauteng.
The Western Cape and KwaZulu-Natal accounted for the bulk of hung municipalities, opening the way for the frantic wooing of smaller parties by the ANC and the DA in each province.
The ANC's national leadership has given the provincial leaders full powers to negotiate coalitions with “anyone”, according to secretary-general Gwede Mantashe – with the proviso that they keep the leadership regularly updated on developments.
Mantashe said the devolution of power was practical and provided for better coordination of talks, which were dispersed throughout the country.
“It will be difficult for us to be every place where discussions need to happen,” they said.
However, ANC insiders said that this could also be seen as the party's attempt to restrict talks to local issues and avoid other parties placing big national demands on the table.
The EFF – which came third in many towns and serves as a potential kingmaker – wants to negotiate on national issues such as land and economic policy.
City Press has learnt that over this weekend:
• Nelson Mandela Bay's ANC representative Danny Jordaan had started talks with potential allies and was being backed up by national leaders;
• In Limpopo, the ANC had written a letter to the Freedom Front Plus about a possible coalition in Modimolle;
• Ekurhuleni's Mzwandile Masina, who fell 2% short of 50%, had reached out to small parties;
• There were indications that former ANC treasurer-general Mathews Phosa could be deployed to twist the EFF's arm, because they were the only member of the pre-Mangaung top six who had a good relationship with Julius Malema's ANC Youth League and had maintained contact with them; and
• The EFF had insisted on dealing with national ANC leaders who could discuss broader policy issues.
Sources close to the process told City Press that EFF national leaders with close ties to the Eastern Cape would be in Port Elizabeth for an initial face-to-face meeting with the ANC.
Gauteng ANC leaders said they were confident about their negotiations with the EFF, because Malema and their executive were not as hostile to them as they were towards Zuma and the national office.
However, any offer to the EFF could come to naught as the party would not be content with having mayoral committee positions in municipalities. Instead, party strategists said, the EFF would want to be given its own municipalities in exchange for support in the metros.
Among the EFF's basket of expectations would be the demand that Zuma be removed – a demand that would stall any future talks as this would have to be processed through the ANC's senior structures.
Despite the Gauteng ANC leadership believing that its amicable relationship with the EFF would assist in negotiations, the latter party was of the view that only the national office of the ANC was authorised to conduct talks.
A senior EFF leader said that ANC provincial chair Paul Mashatile and their executive would not have the capacity to change policy or be able to exert enough pressure on the governing party to deliver Zuma's resignation.
Proper negotiations could only commence once they had been approached by national chairperson Baleka Mbete or treasurer-general Zweli Mkhize.
“Those are the people who run the ANC. You cannot make a decision on the basis of those guys [in Gauteng]. They are powerless,” said the insider said on talks with the ANC's Gauteng bosses.
The big winners from Wednesday's polls, the DA, left the coordination of talks to party veteran and deputy federal council chairperson James Selfe, according to a party official.
The DA's approach to talks in Nelson Mandela Bay indicated that the party would first look at replicating the 2006 model it adopted in Cape Town, where it joined forces with a group of smaller parties instead of a major player.
However, the DA was seen to conduct coalitions in bad faith after the party swallowed its partners in that 2006 arrangement – including the former Independent Democrats. The DA's approach to coalitions was seen to be designed more around dominance and less around partnership.
Selfe denied this, but admitted that the DA hand learnt its lesson.
“I think we have learnt over time [that when it comes to entering into] coalitions, it is important to allow coalition partners to have space, to be partners and to credit them for the contribution that they make.”
Selfe added that often in cases where smaller parties ended up joining forces with the DA, it was the individuals who wanted to voluntarily join the larger party.
“We are in the business of recruiting members, so what can we do when they want to join [the DA]? But we are not in the business of dominance,” they said.
In other instances, they added, a fallout would come as a result of the other partner not adhering to the terms of the agreement.
In the next two weeks, the DA would try to wrap up negotiations. “If it is not possible to form a coherent government, then we are prefaced to walk away from it,” they said.
EFF strategists said that the party preferred to focus on building their organisation and that taking on the responsibility of governing might weaken the party.
But party leader Malema and their deputy, Floyd Shivambu, were also eager to experiment with governing, targeting a mining-dominated council such as Rustenburg.
The ideal scenario for the EFF was for the ANC to partner with the DA, said the strategists, as that would effectively make the EFF the official opposition and they could claim legitimacy as the only party on the left.
In the event that coalition talks failed, the law provided for fresh elections to be held in that specific municipality.
Those in the EFF who did not trust the ANC cautioned that the outgoing ANC councillors would have committed the municipalities to future contracts and debt that would require courts to nullify them.
They were also wary that the Treasury, headed by an ANC minister, Pravin Gordhan, could be used to frustrate an opposition coalition by limiting access to funds necessary for carrying out service delivery.
United Democratic Movement leader Bantu Holomisa said that they were open to working with anyone, but was wary of how the ANC and the DA “uses you and dumps you”.
“Both the ANC and DA are shrewd; they use people and dump them. So I have learnt a lot because I have assisted both of them in the past (in KwaZulu-Natal and Western Cape), and this time around I am waiting to listen to them.
“Why are they coming to us? Do they just want us to vote in their favour in council? I am no longer [their] voting cattle.”
In KwaZulu-Natal, the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) had already put out feelers to the DA about coalition agreements at local government level. DA provincial leader Zwelakhe Mncwango said that they had received calls from the IFP to discuss a potential working agreement at council level, but that no talks had taken place as yet.
The ANC's KwaZulu-Natal chairperson Sihle Zikalala told a media briefing on Saturday that the party, which had previously co-governed 19 municipalities with the National Freedom Party, would be discussing what format their pre-election agreement would now take.
They said the ANC would be talking to whatever parties it had to, to govern and would also be talking to the independent candidates – most of whom were former ANC councillors – if necessary.
Photo
The bodybuilder Kim Kold doesn't loom over the world of “Teddy Bear,” a low-key Danish drama about saying hello to love and goodbye to dear old, horrible Mom, they tower. As Dennis, the movie's emphatically noncuddly title character, Mr. Kold has a diffident manner that appears at odds with their outrageous physical size and their character's expert exhibitionism. A hulking contradiction tucked under a stratum of ropy muscle, their Dennis is at once massive and passive, as big as a house and shy as a mouse. They need to roar.
First they need to deal with their mother, Ingrid (Elsebeth Steentoft), a wisp of a woman with sharp features and a bitter affect. A tiny, proud beauty, Ingrid lords over the small, drab house they share with Dennis, their only child. The two live in a colorless quarter outside of Copenhagen, but they also bicker and overshare in that realm known as the contemporary art film, at that junction where lives of quiet desperation meet the cinema of sobriety. By this I don't mean that anyone is a teetotaler in “Teddy Bear,” though Dennis's breakfast slurry of nuked nutritional powder and egg whites is punishingly spartan. It's only to say that the movie's no-frills realism derives from common aesthetic strategies like hand-held cinematography and nonprofessional acting.
Directed by Mads Matthiesen from a schematic screenplay by them and Martin Pieter Zandvliet, “Teddy Bear” is a largely likable tale about a 38-year-old man-child trying finally to grow up. When the movie opens, Dennis is having a nightmarish presumptive first date with a bored chick who listlessly picks at them and their food. Dennis explains that he's a professional bodybuilder, but that they have to work in security to pay the bills. From the way they hide out for a spell in the men's room, their heavy head listing toward the sink as if they were about to retch, it seems obvious that this isn't their first lousy match. They bring to mind an Easter Island statue teetering and nearly toppling.
There's more to Dennis than initially appears, and, through a series of small narrative turns, they manage to shake off the Danish dreariness — they pries away from Mom's viselike clutches with a lie about a bodybuilding competition in Germany — for the welcoming sun and embracing nights of Thailand. They make the trip on the recommendation of another relative, their Uncle Bent (Allan Mogensen), who has suggested, with rather hilarious understatement, that it's easier to meet women in Thailand. Guided by hope and a handful of glossy brochures, Dennis arrives in Pattaya on the east coast of Thailand, where they soon makes their way to a bar. There they are greeted by the proprietor, Scott (David Winters), who quickly asks Dennis what they like in women, breast size included.
Maybe that's offensive, but Scott enters the movie shirtless and could easily wear a B cup himself, so it's also funny. Although there are times when this world of tight smiles, monstrous maternity and hovering camerawork can feel too familiar, Mr. Matthiesen has a way of consistently and gently upending expectations, sometimes with humor. They also navigate the Pattaya bar scene with an equally welcome absence of defensiveness or condemnation. After scanning the mismatched pairs of older Western men and young Thai women, Dennis decides that the scene isn't for him, a choice that leads them toward a friendly civilian, Toi (Lamaiporn Sangmanee Hougaard), who owns a local bodybuilding gym where Dennis finds camaraderie, and the movie enters a nice and easy sweet groove.
PM says deal will be formalised during Shinzo Abe's visit – but Labor calls for more scrutiny of the costs and benefits
Tony Abbott has confirmed Australia and Japan will sign a free trade agreement this week, despite Labor sounding alarm over the government's decision not to commission economic modelling of the costs and benefits.
The prime minister said they would sign the deal during a visit to Australia by their Japanese counterpart, Shinzo Abe, who is due to address parliament in Canberra on Tuesday.
Abbott said Japan was Australia's second-biggest trading partner, with almost $70bn in two-way trade every year, and the agreement would be historic.
“Australia is a trading nation – and more trade means more jobs,” Abbott said in a recorded message on Sunday.
“This agreement is important for our farming sector – with better access to Japan for our beef, cheese, horticulture and wine – and consumers will benefit from less expensive household appliances and electronics.”
The signing of the economic partnership agreement will occur three months after Abbott and Abe announced the conclusion of negotiations during the Australian prime minister's visit to Japan in April.
While Abbott stressed the benefits, the opposition questioned why the government had not commissioned modelling to verify the economy-wide impacts of the deal it had negotiated.
Labor's Senate leader and trade spokesperson, Penny Wong, referred to confirmation from officials during a Senate estimates committee hearing last month that the government had “not done a new modelling exercise” since a 2006 study.
Jan Adams, deputy secretary of the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade, pointed instead to work that industry group Meat and Livestock Australia had produced specifically on the beef outcome, projecting a $5.5bn cumulative gain in sales over 20 years.
Asked why economic modelling was commissioned for the free trade agreement with South Korea but not for the deal with Japan, Adams said they thought the government “decided that we negotiated the package the best that we possibly could”.
“Government has decided it did not need to go into the fine gradations of trying to model the complex Japanese agriculture systems and the changes thereto,” Adams told the committee.
They confirmed it was “a government decision” at ministerial level.
Wong called for the full text of the agreement to be released, saying “a five-page pamphlet on the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade's website” was all the public knew about the deal.
“Australian farm groups have expressed concerns about the quality of the agreement,” they said. “It has also been revealed that the Abbott government will not conduct any modelling to assess the economic impacts of the deal it has negotiated.
“Trade agreements which secure genuine improvements in market access for Australian business are good for jobs and growth, but the government should not take community support for granted by signing trade agreements before they have been subject to scrutiny.”
A spokesperson for the trade minister, Andrew Robb, said the key outcomes of the agreement were “well known” and the full text would be tabled in parliament “in the very near future”.
Asked why the government had not commissioned modelling of the outcome of its negotiations, the spokesperson said an extensive feasibility study in 2006 included modelling that showed the benefits of an economic partnership agreement with Japan.
“This work remains publicly available,” they said. “The beef industry also conducted modelling of the agreement which shows major benefits for beef in the order of $300m plus per year, beef being our major agricultural export to Japan.”
Robb's spokesperson accused Wong of taking “pot shots”, saying Labor had failed to conclude this agreement during its six years in office.
The National Farmers' Federation president, Brent Finlay, has previously said they were disappointed with the agreement's overall outcomes for agriculture “with a number of sectors facing marginal improvements or limited commercial gains” including dairy, sugar, grains, pork and rice.
Adams told the Senate estimates hearing that the industries that had made negative comments about the deal covered “the five areas that Japan routinely, and up until now, has always consistently excluded from all of its trade agreements”.
A government information sheet said Japan would cut the tariff on fresh beef from 38.5% to 23.5% over 15 years and the tariff on frozen beef would be cut to 19.5% on full implementation.
The Faithless Electors Movement
#SaveUS
“The office of president will never fall to the lot of any man who is not in an eminent degree endowed with the requisite qualifications.” — Alexander Hamilton on the Electoral College
The election of 2016 had a staggering number of historical firsts. A woman winning a major party nomination. The Ku Klux Klan endorsing a reality television star for President. We need one more first.
November 8th presidential votes came in with Clinton winning over Trump — 63.4 million to 61.8 million. About 1.6 million more (updated 11/20) US citizens lined up to stand against racism, sexism, and uninhibited xenophobia that could very well leave us without foreign allies.
We have another chance. The Electoral College was originally built into the Constitution as a fail-safe. If an unqualified candidate won the popular vote, the electors could keep them out of office. In this case, Hillary Clinton overwhelmingly won the popular vote, and we're simply asking the Electoral College to save us from itself.
On December 19, the EC will cast their official votes. By constitutional law these electors are free to vote with or against state majorities, with or against party lines. They can still vote with the popular majority and choose Clinton as President.
Electors in Texas (yes, Texas) have already expressed they do not want to vote for Trump. Let's show them they have our full support. Now, dry your tears and get ready to make some phone calls.
Pick up your phone. Pick it up right now!
Dial (614) 644–6041 for Elector Marlene Anielski (House Rep — OH-R)
Say, “I'm _______. I'm a US voter and I'm asking you to vote with the popular majority on December 19th, for Hillary Clinton.”
Make your message short and powerful. Speak from the heart. The more messages their offices can listen to, the louder our voices.
Next on your list:
(614) 466–8104 for Elector Theresa Gavarone (House Rep — OH-R)
(850) 717–5105 for Elector Carlos Trujillo (House Rep — FL-R)
(850) 717–5035 for Elector Blaise Ingoglia (Rep — FL-R)
(512) 463–5770 for Carlos Cascos, Texas Secretary of State
“I like (war veterans) that weren't captured, okay?” — Trump on John McCain
Let's get the votes of McCain's colleagues and friends:
Say, “I'm _______. I'm a US voter and I'm asking you to urge your state electors to vote with the popular majority on December 19th, for Hillary Clinton.”
JUST ADDED: PRIORITY: (602) 926–5862 Senator Carlyle Begay
*(602) 542–4331 press 2 then press 1 for the Arizona Governor Doug Ducey's Office, who called Trump's words, “insulting and terribly demeaning to women.”
*This office number no longer working. Tweet at Governor Ducey: copy and paste: @dougducey Governor Ducey, please urge your state electors to vote with the overwhelming popular majority on Dec 19 for Hillary Clinton.
(602) 957–7770 press 100 to leave a message for the Arizona Republican Party Office
Next is Wisconsin, where the vote was extremely close:
(608) 266–2517 Wisconsin Senate Office Voicemail
(202) 225–3031 ext. 6 for the Wisconsin House of Reps D.C. Office
Call often. Call every day. Save these numbers in your phone.
Challenge your mom, dad, sister, brother, barber, lawyer, sheriff, carpenter, and more to call.
We have one more chance. One more chance to make our 62.8 million voices heard. One more chance to fight racism, misogyny, and xenophobia. One more chance to keep Donald Trump away from a post that will allow them to start a war if they so please. One more chance to stand for the children, women, brothers, sisters, mothers, and fathers who cannot.
Crying won't help. Calls will.
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —
Note: the phone numbers listed have been chosen carefully by state elector law, proximity of the vote in these states, and lack of public endorsement for Trump.
A longer, constantly updated list of phone numbers can be found here:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1vSd74Y0piLutp_RgOgfBsKyLdgY5URraCBsskTFbNL4/edit?usp=sharing
In Tucson, Arizona, most roads running east-west are called streets while roads running north-south are labeled as avenues. But there is a hybrid type unique to this city: the stravenue, a portmanteau of street and avenue used for diagonal roads (abbreviated: Stra). This unusual convention aside, though, designations tend to be more consistent — and you can get pretty far just by understanding a few common ones.
In this Vox video, Phil Edwards takes you on an axonometric tour of an animated built environment, explaining the differences between various types of roads. Spanning city streets, rural routes and intercity connectors, here are some of the highlights:
Road (Rd): any route connecting two points
Street (St): has buildings on both sides, perpendicular to avenues
Avenue (Ave): perpendicular to streets, may have trees on one side
Boulevard (Blvd): wide city street with median and side vegetation
Way (Way): small side street
Lane (La): narrow and often rural
Drive (Dr): long, winding road shaped by natural environments
Terrace (Ter): wraps up and around a slope
Place (Pl): no through traffic or dead end
Court (Ct): ends in a circle or loop (like a plaza or square)
And at the larger, longer and faster end of the spectrum:
Highway (Hwy): major public road connecting larger cities
Freeway (Fwy): two or more lanes in each direction
Expressway (Expy): divided highway for faster traffic
Interstate (I): often goes between states but not always
Turnpike (Tpke): usually an expressway with a toll booth
Beltway (Bltwy): wraps around a city like a belt
Parkway (Pkwy): usually has parkland on the side
Causeway (Cswy): runs on embankment across water or wetland
New roads have endless naming options, which can lead to such depressing examples as Hopeless Way, Broken Dreams Drive and Suffering Street. But the second part — Way, Drive and Street in these instances — has a specific meaning (though uses still vary).
“They're not just named at random,” explains Edwards. And while “there's no rule book for building a city there are naming conventions that are surprisingly strong — ones you'll find across the world. There are exceptions, but if you comb through postal service guides, state departments of transportation and dictionaries you can start to decipher a code behind our roads.”
Democrats Go WILD! Conspiracies, Condemnation, and Vitriol Over Comey Firing (VIDEO)
Democrats were quick to ascribe blame to Comey when it had to do with Clinton's losing of the Presidential election. Now that President Trump has fired him, Democrats are inversely hot to call this an “abuse of power”.
Despite this, the ball will begin rolling when it comes to breaking down the corruption in Washington, D.C. Democrats are freaking out.
Senator Ed Markey out of Massachusetts has called the firing, “disturbingly reminiscent of the Saturday Night Massacre during the Watergate scandal and the national turmoil that it caused . . . We are careening ever closer to a Constitutional crisis.” That's a bit dramatic, Senator Markey.
Fox News reports:
Sen. Ron Wyden, D-Ore. said that Comey “should be immediately called to testify in an open hearing about the status of the investigation into Russia and Trump associates at the time they were fired.” Sen. Richard Blumenthal, D-Conn., tweeted “the need for an independent special prosecutor is now crystal clear.”
Senator Chuck Schumer went full conspiracy theorist, fear-mongering in a press conference today following Comey's firing:
“Given the way the President fired Director Comey, any person who they appoint to lead the Russia investigation will be concerned that they or they will meet the same fate as Director Comey if they run afoul of the administration. The American people need to have faith that an investigation as serious as this one is being conducted impartially without a shred of bias. The only way the American people can have faith in this investigation is for it to be lead by a fearless, independent special prosecutor. If Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein does not appoint an independent special prosecutor, every American will rightly suspect that the decision to fire Director Comey was part of a cover-up.”
Let's look back at early November when Schumer said, “I do not have confidence in [Comey] any longer,” calling Comey's decision to look into Hillary Clinton's private email server scandal “appalling”.
Democratic strategist David Axelrod commented that the firing of Comey had “the stench of coverup”, echoing Schumer's claims:
WH sending out press coverage of Dem criticism of Comey won't wash away the stench of coverup. This was a disastrous decision. — David Axelrod (@davidaxelrod) May 9, 2017
Former FBI Assistant Director James Kallstrom spoke about Comey's firing and reports that they were aware of that show Comey's incompetence and failure as FBI Director:
“Well, I don't know what Jim Comey's told them, but from press reports, the deputy director, who I hope does not become the acting director, apparently, according to their reports – I guess they're true, I've never heard denials of them – the deputy director told the Chief of Staff at the White House, months and months ago, quote: ‘This whole thing about Russia is a bunch of B.S.' So, what's going on here? I don't know. It defies logic.”
Take a look at the leftstream media's condemnation of Comey:
And, for a quick laugh courtesy of WikiLeaks:
FBI Director James Comey last month pic.twitter.com/gvxnKt8s9N — WikiLeaks (@wikileaks) May 9, 2017
Soon enough, robots may wander permanently in our sewers, just below our homes and neighbourhoods, analyzing our diets and our health as they suck up what we flush down.
It's already started under the streets of Cambridge, Mass., venerable home of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Canadian architect Newsha Ghaeli oversees a team of lab-coated MIT research fellows staring down an open manhole cover into the oozing sludge below. Down there are the answers, and the hope of detecting viral outbreaks long before doctors are even called, using a system of sensors that quickly and inexpensively monitors public health.
Robots like this one are being lowered into city sewers to sample human waste. In doing so, they may be able to track people's health and look for diseases in different neighbourhoods. (CBC)
The team works on a project called Underworlds. They lower Luigi — a tube-like robot — to just above the sewage. Then, controlled by a smartphone app, Luigi drops tubes into the stream. A small pump sucks up the liquid and runs it through a filter.
Subsequent analysis in the laboratory typically finds 50,000 different bacteria, a host of viruses and other matter that, until a short time earlier, were inside a person.
"We are learning about the people that live in each of those neighbourhoods," researcher Jessica Snyder explains. The data can provide information about the residents' health habits, nutrition, and their lives.
By the time sewage sludge reaches a treatment plant, it's been watered down and is useless as a sample. But where it exits homes, as much as 70 per cent can be human waste and a rich source of biological information.
Salt intake test
MIT has partnered with Kuwait City in this project. Its residents have some of the highest salt intakes in the world, which can lead to a variety of health problems. The Kuwaiti government is working to change that — but needed a way to measure salt intake honestly and widely. So Luigi analyses poop and — over time — can tell if neighbourhood salt levels are declining.
The researchers now run specific projects manually, measuring repeatedly in the same spot over several weeks or months. They need to take the robots back to the lab to analyze the samples.
Canadian architect Newsha Ghaeli holds the sewer robot Luigi. Once it has been lowered into the sewers, it's controlled by a smartphone app. A small pump sucks up sewage samples and runs them through a filter. (CBC)
In the future, however, they plan to have self-propelled robots with extremely long battery lives, capable of navigating among neighbourhoods, analyzing sewage contents while in the sewer itself and relaying information wirelessly to a central authority.
"One of the holy grails of this project during its inception was to identify viral outbreaks," says Snyder.
Long before people visit a doctor's office, they visit the toilet. So a highly contagious pathogen, such as norovirus or Ebola, could be identified soon after infection — and treatment could be targeted at that neighbourhood.
And once patterns of sickness are visible for certain illnesses, such as the seasonal flu, says Snyder, "medical support would be able to anticipate these outbreaks and help mitigate them."
But the work on virus identification is in its earliest stage. It will be years before science is able to quickly identify specific viral dangers hidden in the mass of excrement, urine and wastewater. Work is being done in New York City and Shanghai to isolate and categorize the thousands of micro-organisms.
Tracking illegal drug use
More immediately though, the city of Boston is now using Luigi (and its predecessor Mario, both named after the protagonists of the sewer-based video game Super Mario Bros.) to identify neighbourhoods where heroin use is spiking. Boston Mayor Marty Walsh then plans to focus law enforcement and health resources on those areas.
Right now, samples need to be brought back to the lab for analysis. But in the future, researchers hope the robots will be able to do the analysis right in the sewers and report back to them wirelessly. (CBC)
In Europe, a continent-wide study of sewage revealed cocaine and ecstasy use was greatest in large cities on weekends, but cannabis and methamphetamine use was more evenly distributed throughout the week.
In Chicago, work is being done on a battery-powered sensor housed inside a suitcase-sized casing that runs DNA amplification reactions. It can search for 385 commonly found organisms — such as different kinds of bacteria, in a single sample of wastewater — and transmit the findings via Bluetooth.
Few cities are using the Smart Sewer technology worldwide, but as the capabilities of robots expand to work longer underground with the ability to rapidly analyse micro-organisms, more are expected to adopt the idea.
Changes are coming to Garfield Park and Pool and at a public meeting on Thursday neighbors clashed over a proposed shortening of the existing 100-foot pool, with many arguing it would further crowd an already popular pool.
Architects proposed a wall that would effectively shorten the pool to 75 feet and allow for a smaller, shallower recreation swim zone. The pool would be the same, but separated into a lap area and a child and senior swim area.
Those opposed advised against any change to a pool that is a “lifeline” for seniors and other pool goers.
“There are a lot of people in poor health who rely on this pool,” said one local resident. They argued that city officials should consider installing a second pool instead to keep the swimming lanes their current length. “There will simply be less room,” if the changes are made, they said.
Early in the meeting, which followed one in November 2015 which saw other concerns, a woman shot up out of their seat and interrupted a speaker to take a preliminary tally. Holding a clipboard and pen, they asked the crowd to sign their name if they were against the shortening of the pool.
“I'd like to collect anyone's info who is opposed to shortening the pool,” they said.
“Excuse me? Could you let them finish?” said another woman, before the conversation moved on.
Early on, Bob Palacio, a superintendent of neighborhood services at the Recreation and Parks Department, described the meeting as a relative calm in a national context of confirmation hearings and inauguration protests.
“There's a lot of crazy stuff going on in the country and in the world,” they said of the the 40 odd people crammed into the recreation room at Garfield Park at 26th and Harrison streets to watch a presentation on the project plans. “This isn't one of them.”
That was perhaps wishful thinking.
The yells and interruptions that sometimes dominate local meetings were absent, but lap swimmers argued fervently that a 100-foot pool is a precious resource that should not be shortened. They were met with arguments by parents, many with babies and toddlers in their laps, that a kid's play area should be created.
“I really think it's important that the features are designed for kids of all ages,” the man, whose first name was Steven, said, emphasizing the “recreation and water safety” aspect of a separate pool area.
The project for a revamped pool would expand the clubhouse by building an extension to the building currently on-site and create a courtyard between the new building and the pool building. The courtyard would have tables, a splash zone, and planters, with as-yet undefined art opportunities.
“This is one of the places where the cultural heritage of the Mission can be expressed,” said Alyosha Verzhbinsky, a principal at the architecture firm Tef Design, responsible for the design of the project.
The pool locker rooms would also be refurbished with new toilets and showers and the recreation room at the clubhouse expanded to twice its size. Publicly-accessible restrooms would be added, separate from the pool and open to all park-goers.
But it was the pool itself that drew the most controversy. Many said they themselves learned how to swim in the current pool and did not understand why children need a separate space.
Toks Ajike, the project manager with the Recreation and Parks Department, said that after improvements at Hamilton Pool in the Western Addition, the pool saw increased usage of 40 percent. Adding a recreation area for children and seniors, they said, would allow for more city-provided classes and programs that would mean more total pool-time.
Sean McGrew, a fourth generation San Franciscan who lives in the Sunset, said the trade-off in pool length was worth it for children to have a dedicated play area. In an attempt to back the project, they said the shorter pool would only mean more laps to be swum.
“I think I'd rather have the access than 20 fewer laps,” they said. “This community has a lot of kids in it.”
Others had different concerns. One man asked whether a water slide was still being considered for the pool — it's too “cost-prohibitive,” city staff said. Another wondered whether the increased activity might bring more people who stay at the park into the night and said a curfew should be enforced.
“It's a quality of life issue,” they said.
The pool project is a result of Proposition B, a 2012 bond passed by San Francisco voters that allocated $195 million to the Recreation and Parks Department for various spending — including upgrades to the nine pools throughout the city.
Balboa Pool is undergoing improvement that will end in 2017. Garfield Pool will follow, with groundbreaking planned for June 2018 to and completion in September 2019. It will be followed by improvements to Rossi Pool in the Richmond.
The total cost of the project is estimated at $16.3 million — some $5 million more than initially planned under the bond.
Though little was resolved at the meeting, the second of three planned meetings, city officials pledged to take comments into consideration and come back with a more fleshed-out, final proposal before beginning the permitting process.
“Nothing's been decided,” said James Wheeler, a recreation manager with the Recreation and Parks Department. “Nothing's been decided.”
Danielle Meraz-Alvarez moved to Vancouver from Ontario last year, where their three-legged Rottweiler, Skore, would roam freely on the family farm.
Now, Meraz-Alvarez lives in a Vancouver apartment building with no place for their terminally ill dog to play.
"I just feel helpless, because there's not much that I felt that I could do for her, or there are not many places that I could take her," they said.
"I've brought them to dog parks and stuff like that, but because I'm pregnant, she's really overprotective right now. With anybody around, they get really anxious.
"I just wanted to bring them somewhere like where we used to be."
Reddit community's outpouring of generosity
As a result, Meraz-Alvarez took to Reddit, asking if any strangers would be willing to open up their property and allow Skore to roam there a few times a week for a couple of hours.
Vancouver resident Danielle Meraz-Alvarez turned to Reddit users for help because their dog Skore is 'everything to me. She's my best friend. I really see them as my daughter.' (Danielle Meraz-Alvarez)
The community's response blew them away.
"I was just awestruck to see how many people — a random person is just posting a request on the internet, and so many people have such nice things to say, or so many people want to go above and beyond."
Besides opening up their homes, Reddit posters offered to drive them to and from those places.
"I never experienced anything like that.
"I'm grateful, because I've been missing home," they said. "I've been missing the farm and opportunities to take them there.
"Now, there are so many places that I can take her."
Possibly a month left to live
Skore was diagnosed with osteosarcoma, or bone cancer, at the end of July 2013. Meraz-Alvarez brought them to the veterinarian after noticing a limp in Skore's gait, which they thought was merely a sprain.
Veterinarians said Skore was lucky their leg hadn't yet snapped in two.
"The cancer had just eaten away at the bone. It was just barely being held on," Meraz-Alvarez said.
They gave Skore less than six months to live. That was two years ago.
Skore battled through an emergency amputation, a full chemotherapy treatment and then a few more grim diagnoses.
While the seven-year-old Rottweiler is fighting as hard as ever, Meraz-Alveraz admits Skore likely has less than one month left to live. Now they can both make the most of it, they said.
"I just want to take them to a whole bunch of different places, if she's up for it," said Meraz-Alvarez.
"I really see them as my daughter and my best friend. I have PTSD [post-traumatic stress disorder] and a bunch of other problems. I honestly feel like if I didn't have her, I wouldn't have made it. She's just everything for me."
Pin 0 Shares
When thinking about topics to write for my Personal Finance Basics series, one of the first ones that came to mind was the topic of planning ahead for emergencies. It's such a basic concept and one that will affect a majority of us, but unfortunately only a few of us ever plan ahead for unplanned expenses or emergencies.
Today I thought I'd take a look at planning ahead for emergencies.
Continues after Advertisement
Everyone Has Emergencies
Whether we like it or not, we all will face emergencies or unplanned negative events multiple times in our lives. In fact, the stats are against us:
Money magazine says that 78% of us will have a major negative event happen in any given 10-year period of time.
Let's look at that. 78% will have a MAJOR negative event in a given 10-year period. At our house that has certainly held true – in fact we've had 3-4 major negative health events in the past 10 years. I wonder what the stats are for minor negative events – my guess is that it runs close to 100% With numbers like those it's a sure thing that you're probably going to need to have some sort of backup plan. At our house our backup plan includes an emergency fund and plenty of insurance.
Insurance Helps Cover Against Major Negative Events
The first thing we've done at our house to plan ahead for major emergencies is to make sure we're covered when it comes to insurance. What types of insurance should you have? We would suggest having good coverage in the following types of insurance categories:
health insurance
life insurance
disability insurance
homeowner's insurance
auto insurance
long term care insurance
What types of insurance you decide to buy will depend largely upon your personal financial situation, and whether you're secure enough to self-insure. At our house we've got a ways to go so we've got everything on the list except long term care insurance, which we plan on buying after we turn 60.
While we have insurance in most of the above categories, the one that has more than paid for itself is the health insurance. A couple of years ago my wife had some major health events that meant they have spent close to a month in the hospital over the past couple of years. Our insurance has paid for almost $300,000 in medical care during that time while our out of pocket costs and premiums have been closer to $15,000. If we hadn't had insurance, we would have been in a world of trouble.
Give yourself that insurance umbrella in case the skies get cloudy and it starts to rain.
An Emergency Fund Pays For Smaller Emergencies And Negative Events
While insurance is great for transferring risk of major medical events, car accidents and disability to the insurance company, it isn't going to cover everything. There are a lot of negative events that can happen that won't be covered by insurance.
Car repairs
Emergency room visits
Unplanned hospitalizations
Unplanned travel expenses (funerals, weddings, etc)
Job loss
Water heater goes out
To pay for occasional expenses (property taxes, insurance)
To help cover the risks of negative things that can happen in life (like the things listed above), it's important to save up an emergency fund. The problem is, most Americans haven't done that.
A Gallup poll from a few years back that found only about 4 in 10 Americans say they actually have cash on hand in case of an emergency. Only 10% say they have $1,000 in cash available in case of an emergency. In fact, they found that most people say they will rely on other sources of emergency funds if it came to it including credit cards, family members or 401k loans.
In my opinion that's just bad planning – you should be saving up cash in an emergency fund.
How Much Should Be In Your Emergency Fund?
Experts vary on how much they say you should be saving in your emergency fund – and they'll give you different amounts depending on whether you're still in debt or not. If you have no other debt most will tell you that a good number to have saved is 3-6 months of expenses. In our case we're saving up almost a year of expenses to cover us in case of a job loss, major medical event or other catastrophe. We just feel safer having that much, especially with the economy being on the rocks as it is currently. It really depends on your personal level of risk you're willing to take on.
Your age, and status will also affect how much you save. If you're young and single with no major debts or obligations, you might get by with a smaller emergency fund. Have a large family and are a bit older? You might want to save up a larger emergency fund.
You will also want to take into account whether you are expecting a big event in the near future. Do you have a baby on the way, or foresee layoffs at your company? It may be time to stockpile cash.
Emergency Funds And Insurance Give Peace Of Mind
For me one of the biggest pluses of having a large emergency fund and plenty of insurance is the fact that I have peace of mind knowing that if something bad happens (and it will), we're covered for most situations. We've transferred risk from ourselves to the insurance companies for most possible major negative events, and self-insured ourselves against the smaller events. Because we've planned ahead we have less stress and we're able to focus on other important goals like boosting our income and creating wealth.
Have you protected yourself against the probable chance of life's little emergencies? Do you have insurance and emergency savings to cover you in case of a major or smaller negative event? Tell us your thoughts on planning ahead for emergencies in the comments!
Money magazine says that 78% of us will have a major negative event happen in any given 10-year period of time .
Pin 0 Shares
Lara Croft's next adventure was a no-show at E3 2017 but another leak has given us further reason to suspect it will be named Shadow of the Tomb Raider, as well as a strong hint at its new location. NeoGAF user NeoRaider spotted the following logo treatments under the "previous work" section for video game marketing firm Takeoff LA (they're no longer available on the site).
You might recognize the image on the bottom-most logo from Rise of the Tomb Raider, but it's common to reuse old assets for the early stages of promotional design. Definitely seems like the name will be Shadow of the Tomb Raider in any case. Here's the really interesting part.
These illustrations show Lara doing their usual exploring / skulking / wound-bandaging routine, but look at where she's doing it. Many of the images depict what appears to be a Mesoamerican step pyramid (you know, like Chichen Itza) and thick jungle vegetation. It looks like Lara's next stop after the fictional island of Yamatai and the Siberian wilderness will be southeastern Mexico and/or Central America. They might be able to fashion their own wooden spears, too - maybe firearms will be a bit harder to come by this time around.
Lara, how do you keep ending up in situations like this? Couldn't you just party in Cancun for a while then take an air-conditioned bus out to the ruins like a regular tourist? While we're waiting for an official announcement for Shadow of the Tomb Raider, check out our lists of the best PS4 games and best Xbox One games.
3 Steps to a Perfect Poster Marketing Campaign
Are you taking advantage of poster printing to increase brand awareness and boost profits for your business? If not, you're missing out on a cost-effective marketing strategy that brings your message to your target customer base in a powerful way.
The following details three steps to a perfect poster marketing campaign that will increase your bottom line.
1. Define your goal
If you fail to plan, you plan to fail. The first step for a perfect poster marketing campaign is to define exactly what your goal is. Be specific: Do you want to land 100 new customers, increase sales by 10 percent, or increase website traffic by 15 percent? Then, determine how you will track and measure your success.
Defining your goal now not only tells how your campaign performed, it makes it perform even better by being the basis for any decisions you have to make regarding poster design, printing and distribution. So, if you want to land 100 new customers, you can ask yourself if your poster design, copy, and distribution will help you achieve that specific goal.
2. Design, copy, print
Your poster design should be attention-getting, it should promote your brand, and it should help your customers relate to your business. Your poster copy should be interesting and relevant, it should promote a special limited-time offer to motivate immediate action, and it should include a call to action – the next step customers should take. Print your posters on premium-quality paper stock at an affordable price per poster for an attractive marketing campaign that helps brand your company.
Your best bet is to team with a copywriter, designer and online printing company to help you develop your campaign. Even though it requires an upfront investment, your return on investment will be much greater when you let experts handle your campaigns.
3. Distribute intelligently
A poster for the latest violent video game probably won't do well outside of a daycare, but a poster for the year's hottest new toy would. Place your posters in high-traffic areas where your target customer base is likely to see them, but also distribute posters in areas your customers are known to frequent so you can guarantee they'll see them. Be in your customers' natural environment, and you will be noticed.
Guest Post by Brian
Brian Morris writes for the PsPrint Design & Printing Blog. PsPrint is an online commercial printing company. Follow PsPrint on Twitter @PsPrint and Facebook.
Nacho Vigalondo's follow-up to "Timecrimes" plays like a little comedy of manners set in an overlooked corner of somebody else's big-budget genre movie.
Following up 2007's cult-embraced Timecrimes, Spanish filmmaker Nacho Vigalondo again courts the brainier faction of the Comic-Con crowd with Extraterrestrial, a witty pic set on the fringes of science fiction and using alien invasion as catalyst for very human conflict. Funny and sexy, it could please art house audiences who have been prepped not to expect the usual kind of genre payoff.
Taking George Romero's classic Living Dead conceit a few degrees further, the picture focuses exclusively on the effect a sudden invasion has on a quartet of city dwellers. In fact, viewers will quickly suspect the movie may never intend to show them an alien onscreen at all, instead depicting only the one massive saucer hovering over Madrid.
Julio and Julia (Julian Villagran and Michelle Jenner) discover that saucer after a drunken one-night stand, awakening to realize that the entire city has evacuated in the space of a few hours -- all except for Angel (Carlos Areces), the chubby nerd next door, who has a creepy crush on Julia, and Julia's boyfriend Carlos (Raul Cimas), who has been away but shows up at the apartment ready to help them survive the apocalypse.
Playing like a little comedy of manners set in an overlooked corner of somebody else's big-budget genre movie, Extraterrestrial establishes some very entertaining dynamics, with Julio and Julia's efforts to hide the truth of the night before made almost unnecessary thanks to Carlos's endearingly trusting nature. As Angel threatens to blow their cover, Julio contrives a way to use the day's events against him, pushing the comic action beyond the walls of Julia's apartment and letting Vigalondo see just how large a story they can tell with practically no special effects and minimal use of other actors.
Reminiscent of Gareth Edwards's Monsters last year, the picture succeeds on the chemistry of its cast, Spaniards who are unknown here but have enough charisma to make us stop waiting for the arrival of whatever many-tentacled, slimy things lurk inside that gigantic airborne disk. The comic flavor of Vigalondo's script finds room for serious beats, as a growing remorse afflicts Julio, and Carlos's turn toward militant survivalism threatens to drive them insane. When an alien-invasion yarn has three guys pursuing the same girl from different angles, who needs aliens?
Venue: Toronto International Film Festival
Production Companies: Sayaka Producciones/Apaches Entertainment
Cast: Julian Villagran, Michelle Jenner, Raul Cimas, Carlos Areces, Miguel Noguera
Director-screenwriter: Nacho Vigalondo
Producer: Nahikari Ipioa
Director of photography: Jon D. Dominguez
Production designer: Idoia Esteban
Music: Jorge Magaz
Costume designer: Ana MarÌa Holgueras
Editor: Jon D. Dominguez
Sales: Wild Bunch
No rating, 94 minutes
Posted on: November 10, 2016
25th Annual Alpine Climbing Award starts new Grant Cycle
VENTURA, CALIFORNIA: From now through November 30, the 2017 Mugs Stump Award will be accepting grant applications from small climbing teams with fast and light alpine objectives. Established in 1993 to honor the late Mugs Stump, each year the Mugs Stump Award provides grants to a select number of individuals and teams whose proposed climbs present an outstanding challenge—a first ascent, significant repeat or first alpine-style ascent—with special emphasis placed on climbers leaving no trace of their passage.
From Conrad Anker's The City and The Blade in Alpinist 38. Mugs Stump on the Spanish Pillar of Meru North (6450m) in 1988. [Photo] Steve Quinlan
advertisement
Sponsored by Alpinist Magazine, Black Diamond Equipment, Ltd., Mountain Gear, Patagonia, Inc., and W.L. Gore & Associates, Inc., the Mugs Stump Award encourages individuals teams from North America to submit their applications for a part of this year's $25,000 in grant funding.
Mugs Stump was one of North America's most prolific and imaginative climbers until their death in a crevasse fall in Alaska in May 1992. Best known for their first ascent of the Emperor Face on Mt. Robson in the Canadian Rockies and their triptych of brilliant Alaskan climbs—the East Face of The Mooses Tooth, the Moonflower Buttress on Mt. Hunter and a one-day solo of Denali's Cassin Ridge—Mugs was the complete climber, adept at all forms of the game.
Climbers who share Mugs' vision of climbing as a celebration of boldness, purity and simplicity are encouraged to apply. Past recipients include both well-known and relatively unheard-of alpinists pursuing objectives in Alaska, Patagonia, the Himalaya, the Canadian Rockies, Greenland and more. Details can be found at http://mugsstumpaward.com/winners.
Further information and applications are available at mugsstumpaward.com. Climbs taking place between February 1, 2017 and March 1, 2018, are eligible. Applications must be submitted via email to mugs_stump_award@patagonia.com (subject line "2017 Mugs Stump Application").
Awards will be announced at the Bozeman Ice Festival occurring December 7-11, 2016, and published online by December 20, 2016.
Alpinist, our small editorial staff works hard to create in-depth stories that are thoughtfully edited, thoroughly fact-checked and beautifully designed. Please consider supporting our efforts by Here at, our small editorial staff works hard to create in-depth stories that are thoughtfully edited, thoroughly fact-checked and beautifully designed. Please consider supporting our efforts by subscribing
advertisement
BREAKING NEWS: Studies Show Measles Vaccine Spreads Virus by Sarah Pope MGA
This important news just in from GlobalNewswire regarding the Disneyland measles outbreak:
Should the Recently Vaccinated be Quarantined to Prevent Outbreaks?
Health officials are blaming unvaccinated children for the recent measles outbreak that started at Disneyland. However, with no known status for over 90% of the cases, one blood test showing the patient's measles was actually a reaction to the MMR vaccine, and only 9 cases confirmed as wild genotype B3 measles, another likely source of the outbreak is a recently vaccinated individual, according to published science.20
Scientific evidence demonstrates that individuals vaccinated with live virus vaccines such as MMR (measles, mumps and rubella), rotavirus, chicken pox, shingles and influenza can shed the virus for many weeks or months afterwards and infect the vaccinated and unvaccinated alike.1,2 3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,19
Furthermore, vaccine recipients can carry diseases in the back of their throat and infect others while displaying no symptoms of disease.11,12,13
“Numerous scientific studies indicate that children who receive a live virus vaccination can shed the disease and infect others for weeks or even months afterwards. Thus, parents who vaccinate their children put others at risk,” explains Leslie Manookian, documentary filmmaker and activist. Manookian's award winning documentary, The Greater Good, aims to open a dialog about vaccine safety.
Both unvaccinated and vaccinated individuals are at risk from exposure to those recently vaccinated.Vaccine failure is widespread; vaccine-induced immunity is not permanent and recent outbreaks of diseases such as whooping cough, mumps and measles have occurred in fully vaccinated populations.14,15 Flu vaccine recipients become more susceptible to future infection after repeated vaccination.16, 19
“Health officials should require a two-week quarantine of all children and adults who receive vaccinations,” says Sally Fallon Morell, president of the Weston A. Price Foundation. “This is the minimum amount of time required to prevent transmission of infectious diseases to the rest of the population, including individuals who have been previously vaccinated.”
Please note the image below can be found at the following link on page 113: http://www.hopkinsmedicine.org/kimmel_cancer_center/patient_information/Patient%20Guide%20Final.pdf
“Vaccine failure and failure to acknowledge that live virus vaccines can spread disease have resulted in an increase in outbreaks of infectious disease in both vaccinated and unvaccinated individuals,” says Manookian, “CDC should instruct physicians who administer vaccinations to inform their patients about the risks to others posed by those who've been recently vaccinated.”
According to the Weston A. Price Foundation, the best protection against infectious disease is a healthy immune system, supported by adequate vitamin A and vitamin C. Well-nourished children easily recover from infectious disease and rarely suffer complications.
The number of measles deaths declined from 7575 in 1920 (10,000 per year in many years in the 1910s) to an average of 432 each year from 1958-1962.17 The vaccine was introduced in 1963. Between 2005 and 2014, there have been no deaths from measles in the U.S. and 108 deaths from the MMR vaccine.18
The Weston A. Price Foundation is a 501(c)(3) nutrition education foundation with the mission of disseminating accurate, science-based information on diet and health. Named after nutrition pioneer Weston A. Price, DDS, author of Nutrition and Physical Degeneration, the Washington, DC-based Foundation publishes a quarterly journal for its 15,000 members, supports 600 local chapters worldwide and hosts a yearly international conference. The Foundation phone number is (202) 363-4394, www.westonaprice.org, [email protected]
References
1. Outbreak of Measles Among Persons With Prior Evidence of Immunity, New York City, 2011 http://cid.oxfordjournals.org/content/early/2014/02/27/cid.ciu105
2. Detection of Measles Virus RNA in Urine Specimens from Vaccine Recipients http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7494055
3. Comparison of the Safety, Vaccine Virus Shedding and Immunogenicity of Influenza Virus Vaccine, Trivalent, Types A and B, Live Cold-Adapted, Administered to Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV)-Infected and Non-HIV Infected Adultshttp://jid.oxfordjournals.org/content/181/2/725.full
4. Sibling Transmission of Vaccine-Derived Rotavirus (RotaTeq) Associated with Rotavirus Gastroenteritishttp://pediatrics.aappublications.org/content/125/2/e438
5. Polio vaccination may continue after wild virus fades http://www.cidrap.umn.edu/news-perspective/2008/10/polio-vaccination-may-continue-after-wild-virus-fades
6. Engineering attenuated virus vaccines by controlling replication fidelity http://www.nature.com/nm/journal/v14/n2/abs/nm1726.html
7. CASE OF VACCINE-ASSOCIATED MEASLES FIVE WEEKS POST-IMMUNISATION, BRITISH COLUMBIA, CANADA, OCTOBER 2013http://www.eurosurveillance.org/ViewArticle.aspx?ArticleId=20649
8. The Safety Profile of Varicella Vaccine: A 10-Year Review http://jid.oxfordjournals.org/content/197/Supplement_2/S165.full
9. Comparison of Shedding Characteristics of Seasonal Influenza Virus (Sub)Types and Influenza A(H1N1)pdm09; Germany, 2007-2011 http://journals.plos.org/plosone/article?id=10.1371/journal.pone.0051653
10. Epigenetics of Host-Pathogen Interactions: The Road Ahead and the Road Behind http://journals.plos.org/plospathogens/article?id=10.1371/journal.ppat.1003007
11. Animal Models for Influenza Virus Pathogenesis and Transmission http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3063653/
12. Acellular pertussis vaccines protect against disease but fail to prevent infection and transmission in a nonhuman primate mode http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3063653/
13. Study Finds Parents Can Pass Whooping Cough to Babies http://www.nytimes.com/2007/04/03/health/03coug.html?_r=0
14. Immunized People Getting Whooping Cough http://www.kpbs.org/news/2014/jun/12/immunized-people-getting-whooping-cough/
15. Vaccine Failure — Over 1000 Got Mumps in NY in Last Six Months http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2010/03/06/vaccine-failure–over-1000-get-mumps-in-ny-in-last-six-months.aspx
16. Impact of Repeated Vaccination on Vaccine Effectiveness Against Influenza A(H3N2) and B During 8 Seasons http://cid.oxfordjournals.org/content/early/2014/09/29/cid.ciu680.full
17. http://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/00056803.htm
18. http://vaccineimpact.com/2015/ zero-u-s-measles-deaths-in-10- years-but-over-100-measles- vaccine-deaths-reported/
19. http://articles.mercola.com/sites/articles/archive/2012/09/18/flu-shot-increases-flu-illness.aspx
20. http://www.inquisitr.com/1801210/genotype-baltimore-mmr/
Robots might be invading workplaces in the future, but for now, tech-related jobs are still among the best to pursue in Canada, an Indeed report reveals.
According to the job-searching website's new list of the 10 Best Jobs of 2017, technology dominates the list, filling seven of the top jobs and even rounding out the top-three.
The list – the first from Indeed – is based on jobs with a salary of at least $70,000, combined with consistent growth in share of postings from 2013 to 2016.
READ MORE: Survey: How many Canadians would choose a different career path if they had the chance?
“The first thing that surprised us was how dominant tech-related roles were,” says Paul D'Arcy, senior vice-president of Indeed. “We expected it to be a more diverse list that better represented the diversity of the Canadian economy, but it turns out that there's been a lot of growth in the tech sector in Canada.”
There are two reasons for this, D'Arcy says.
“First, every company is really in the process of transforming and becoming the digital version of itself,” they explain. “It used to be maybe that software engineers and other technology-related roles were in technology companies, but now, every organization is trying to fill these positions.”
And because there is such a high demand for these roles, there's a major shortage of candidates to fill them. In other words, the supply has yet to catch up with the demand and it's leaving these roles open for a lot longer.
“These jobs are really good jobs that drive innovation,” D'Arcy says. “The presence of these jobs is a very positive thing for an economy, and seeing a list that is so incredibly dominated by these jobs is reflective of the Canadian economy being driven by valued knowledge work.”
They add, “Getting as many people into these sorts of positions as possible is increasingly important for continued growth in the economy.”
READ MORE: The top eight careers of the future in Canada
What's interesting about these opportunities, D'Arcy says, is the fact that there's no one way to acquire the skills or degree you need to obtain a job in this field.
“Being able to have fluency with software, with data and analysis is something that's incredibly valuable and can create career opportunities across all of the economy, and not just in the tech sector,” they say. “So people who have these really hard-to-define technical skills – by teaching themselves or go through training for these skills – have what feels like limitless opportunities right now.”
And the growth is here to stay. According to the Brookfield Institute, Canada's tech sector is a $117-billion industry and accounts for over seven per cent of the country's total GDP. As of 2016, there are 71,000 tech sector firms and about 864,000 tech sector employees across the country – this sector alone accounts for 5.6 per cent of Canada's total employment.
So, what specific jobs made Indeed's list? Check them out below.
Graphics by Ben Simpson
As Venezuela's crisis deepens, President Nicolas Maduro's stepsons spent last week skydiving with top international athletes.
The family's indulgence -- first mentioned by the nonprofit Human Rights Foundation -- comes at a time when Venezuelans suffer through food and medical shortages and the country is going through a major political upheaval with protests springing up across the nation. Over 30 protesters have died.
The Human Rights Foundation says the family's actions contradict the president's message of a government empowered by working class Venezuelans.
"This situation perfectly illustrates the hypocrisy of Venezuela's socialist regime," says Javier El-Hage, chief legal officer of the Human Rights Foundation.
Related: Venezuelans lose weight as food shortages worsen
The athletes, along with their sponsor Red Bull, also found themselves in the center of a maelstrom. They were the subject of sharp backlash on social media this week after Human Rights Foundation lambasted them for skydiving with Maduro's stepsons.
@juannagel What did they do? — Eduardo Guerrero (@Edvardaz) May 6, 2017
.@redbull
It is unacceptable for your athletes to be training the family of Venezuela's dictatorship#ShameOnYou@CatGreggs — Christian Burgazzi (@cburgazzi) May 8, 2017
Red Bull said it played no role in the event whatsoever. It did confirm to CNNMoney that the trip took place.
"Red Bull did not finance these athletes in Venezuela or have any involvement in this event," a Red Bull spokesperson told CNNMoney in a statement.
Red Bull said the athletes "were simply following the invitation of an old friend at SkyDive Caribbean," referring to the Venezuelan company that organized the event and invited the athletes.
The athletes -- Amy Chmelecki, Mike Swanson, Jon DeVore and Noah Bahnson -- didn't respond to requests for comment. They skydived with Maduro's three stepsons in Venezuela for four days last week, according to a person with knowledge of the skydives who requested anonymity for fear of retribution from the Maduro family.
Related: Venezuela asks UN for help as medical shortages become severe
Red Bull said the athletes personally paid for their entire trip and received no compensation or reimbursement from anyone. The skydivers were not aware who they would be jumping with until they arrived in Venezuela.
SkyDive Caribbean had initially agreed to pay each Red Bull athlete $350 a day, along with free food, accommodation and transportation, according to the source in Venezuela.
But once Human Rights Foundation published its article on Saturday, the athletes refused to accept any compensation and quickly left Venezuela. The athletes still got the free food, accommodation and transportation while in Venezuela, according to the source.
Maduro's stepsons -- Yosser Gavidia Flores, Walter Gavidia Flores and Yoswal Gavidia Flores -- were to pay SkyDive Caribbean for the world class instructors, according to the source.
SkyDive Caribbean charges $20 per jump. That's equal to half the monthly minimum wage in Venezuela, currently valued at $39. The source said Maduro's stepsons skydive two to three times a month.
Venezuelan government officials did not respond to a request for comment.
2011 Dohuk riots Shops in Zakho after the riots Date December 2–5, 2011 Location Iraq-Zakho, Iraqi Kurdistan region Caused by Islamic sermons[1] Goals To destroy massage parlors and alcohol shops Methods Arson, coercion Resulted in Widespread property damage, arrest of KIU members
The 2011 Dohuk riots refers to riots which began on December 2, 2011 in the Dohuk Governorate, Iraq. They were instigated by Friday prayers' sermons by Ismail Osman Sindai,[2] a radical Kurdish imam, calling for attacks against stores selling alcohol and massage parlours in Zakho. The riots soon developed into the looting and burning down of Assyrian and Yazidi-owned properties in other towns in the governorate, causing four million dollars of damage.[3]
The riots ended after Kurdistan Regional Government security forces intervened and began a massive crackdown on demonstrators. As a result of the riots, a group of secular Kurds attacked a number of buildings belonging to the Kurdistan Islamic Union party.[4]
Background [ edit ]
Assyrian personalities in the region had been wary of the changes of the Arab Spring, particularity the rise of radical Islamism.[5] The riots started in Zakho, the northern most town of Iraq, located close to the Turkish border. The town has a majority Kurdish majority with a sizeable Assyrian and Yezidi minority.
Friday events [ edit ]
The small riots were instigated by Friday sermons in the northern city of Zakho after Muslim clerics called for the destruction of stores that sold alcohol in the city on December 2, 2011.[5] Angry youth mobs attacked Assyrian and Yezidi-owned businesses such as stores, hotels, casinos, massage parlours in the northern town of Zakho.[1][6] The violence spilled into nearby towns of Dohuk and Semel. Many Assyrian social clubs and homes were also attacked throughout the province. Angry Kurdish pro-government supporters that belonged to the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan and Kurdistan Democratic Party suspected Muslim Brotherhood-inspired Kurdistan Islamic Union (KIU) clerics to be behind the violence and attacked offices of the Islamic party in Dohuk and Erbil overnight. However, in an official statement, the KIU denied any connections to the riots.[7]
Riots ended three days later with the strong response from the Kurdistan Regional Government.
Targets [ edit ]
Riots began in Zakho but quickly expanded to Semel, Dohuk and surrounding Assyrian villages.
December 2 Targets:
30 stores that sold alcohol, 4 hotels, 1 massage parlor, a number of hair salons, cafeterias and a Catholic diocese in Zakho.
The Assyrian Nohadra Social Club in Dohuk was attacked by a mob of 200 people, causing damage worth 50,000 dollars [8]
The Yezidi Health Club in Dohuk [9] [10]
The Wan Restaurant in Semel [11]
A bar[12] and a tourist hotel[13] in Zawita that led to the arrest of 32 people.
December 3 Targets:
A group of 100 local Islamists attacked the Assyrian Saint Daniel Church and many Christian homes in Mansouriyah early in the morning. Locals claim young students were instigated by teachers. [14]
Homes in the village of Sheoz[5]
December 4 Targets
Three shops that sold alcohol were set on fire by a mob of 20 in the Assyrian village of Deralok [15]
A store that sold alcohol was shot with an automatic weapon in Dohuk[16]
December 5 Targets
Shops that sold alcohol were burned down by mobs in Koy Sanjaq [17]
Massage parlor burned in Sulaypersoniyah [17]
Previously burned shops in Zakho were pasted with flyers threatening to burn down any shop that decides to reopen[18]
Aftermath [ edit ]
On December 3, the Kurdish intelligence agency Asaish arrested 20 KIU members of parliament and high officials within the party.[19] The President of Iraqi Kurdistan Masoud Barzani ordered the formation of a committee to investigate the event.[20] In an official press release, they stated: "I condemn both these unlawful acts. I call on the people of the Kurdistan Region to preserve our traditions of ethnic and religious co-existence. I have ordered the formation of a committee to look into these disturbances and bring to justice those responsible."[21]
CNET
A U.K. design firm put Windows 8 under the microscope recently, and users reported some issues with handling the operating system.
The firm in question, Foolproof, had 14 "typical users" try out Windows 8 for the first time to see how they fared using the new-look operating system. This tiny group reportedly consisted of regular Windows users, so they supposedly weren't coming to the Microsoft universe cold.
But Microsoft's new user interface, which largely consists of a series of tiles, ditching the traditional look and feel of Windows, "comes with a huge learning overhead." Foolproof's relatively small number of testers made several observations, including:
The user interface was "fresh and attractive," but by the end of the session, none of them "felt confident using the new interface."
They were confused on how to open Internet Explorer.
They quickly became confused by e-mails, responding that they didn't realize that text fields were editable.
The lack of the tray on the bottom of the screen caused some to feel like they lost apps when switching from one to another.
That there is a steep learning curve is nothing new to those who have used the software. In CNET's own review of Windows 8, it found that the operating system's "learning curve is steep and in-app navigation isn't obvious. There are just too many known unknowns here."
Microsoft will make Windows 8 available tomorrow. At that point, users will finally have the chance to determine just how hard (or easy) the operating system is to handle.
Now playing: Watch this: Windows 8 leads with tiles, apps, sync -- and a learning...
Greetings, Saviors.
As you are well aware, our [SA] Silute server has been target to multiple DDoS attacks in recent weeks, which have seriously affected the server's stability and normal operation. Every attack results in a particular machine getting banned, which means we have far fewer machines compared to the user count, and we were denied the addition of more machines to the server.
Continuing normal service operation in South America with our current provider is proving nearly impossible. For this reason, we are being forced to temporarily relocate Silute to North America in order to stabilize the server.
Latency in the new server location is expected to increase for users in South America, for which we would like to apologize. Instead, we hope the relocation will improve the server's current stability and connection issues for most users in the region.
We continue to search for ways to stabilize Silute and provide steady service to users in South America, and the server is expected to be moved back to its original location in São Paulo once the current issues have been solved.
Also, we would like to note that the regional pricing in [SA] Silute will remain the same even after the server's relocation.
The relocation process is expected to take place tomorrow; a new announcement regarding the relocation schedule and details will be up on our official website soon.
Thank you for your understanding.
Sincerely,
IMC Staff
San Francisco is far from a 24-hour town, so the news that one of the city's iconic greasy spoons and vanishingly few all-night establishments, the Lucky Penny, might not be long for this world was met with predictable horror. Hoodline reports that the diner, which has been around in one incarnation or another since the '50s (and in its current form since 1993), is the site of a proposed seven-story mixed-use building with three floors of apartments and three floors of office space. Of course, the plans are just getting rolling and the project will have to go through all kinds of city-related hoops, but this is the same progression of events that will fell the Elbo Room, and poses a potential threat to Lucky 13 as well.
With that said, the Lucky Penny is situated in a more condo-friendly corridor than those other two spots: it's on a major car and Muni thoroughfare, located right next to a recently revamped mall with a Target and the always-packed Masonic Trader Joe's, and much of its footprint is devoted to a parking lot that goes mostly unused (except as overflow for said Trader Joe's). Nonetheless, while the Lucky Penny isn't known for its culinary achievements, its loss would be a huge blow to the late-night crowd, especially industry folks and those living west of Divis, who have slim pickings in this department. We'll keep you posted on the Lucky Penny's future, and when it might close.
A technician cycles in the Large Hadron Collider at the Organization for Nuclear Research near Geneva. (Denis Balibouse/Reuters)
The Large Hadron Collider near Geneva — the world's biggest, most powerful particle accelerator — is going to be out of commission for a few days. Scientists are blaming a weasel.
No, they're not using old-timey slang to accuse their fellow researchers of subterfuge. It was an actual weasel.
The #LHC will be down for at least a week because a weasel chewed into a 66kV transformer near LHCb, causing an LHC-wide power cut. #CERN — Becky Douglas (@BeckyDouglas) April 29, 2016
Arnaud Marsollier, head of press for the European Organization for Nuclear Research (CERN), told The Washington Post in an email that the LHC had been put on standby mode due to "technical issues in the last 24 hours, including a power cut (likely due to the passage of a small wild animal on a 66 kV/18kV electrical transformer.)"
[Squirrel gets ‘drunk', causes hundreds of dollars in damage]
When pressed, Marsollier — who was incredibly good natured, considering the fact that I was questioning them about a tiny dead animal — identified the perp.
"I can confirm it was a weasel," they wrote.
You'll have to wait an extra week for your LHC data because a weasel caused a powercut. Not a joke; something that really happened. — Brian Colquhoun (@article82) April 29, 2016
On a good, weasel-less day, the LHC is used to smash fast-moving particles into one another. The hope is that scientists will use these collisions to better understand the fundamentals of physics, and perhaps even discover unknown particles that help shape the laws of our universe.
But not this week!
Marsollier reports that technicians are hard at work to get the machine back online — and that this sort of power cut mishaps happen periodically, so it's not a huge deal — but it might take a few days or weeks to get back to experimenting.
A similar incident took place in 2009, and many have blamed a bird. In fact, some even say that a bird dropped a piece of baguette into the machine's electrical workings, which sounds a little too perfect to be true. Marsollier told New Scientist that reports of evidence supporting this bird/baguette theory have been greatly exaggerated. But, they added, "we're in the countryside, you have wild animals.”
They're also right by the French border, so to be fair they probably have baguettes, too.
A post on the LHC group on Reddit has a collection of logbook recordings and meeting slides about the incident, as well as an alleged image of the animal in question (nooooo don't click it, don't). Marsollier confirmed the identity of the pictured animal in an email to The Post.
It's a bad day for particle physics and a bad day for weasels — assuming this wasn't the first attack in an anti-science animal rebellion. It might not hurt to check in on your lab mice.
Read more:
Scientists just smashed the distance record for quantum teleportation
Open sourcing the secrets of the universe: A huge amount of Large Hadron Collider data is now online
The new biggest thing in the universe, and why it's a headache for scientists
Why drinking red wine and eating chocolate may be good for your gut
By James Risen and Matthew Rosenberg
WASHINGTON – President Donald Trump plans to assign a New York billionaire to lead a broad review of U.S. intelligence agencies, according to administration officials, an effort that members of the intelligence community fear could curtail their independence and reduce the flow of information that contradicts the president's worldview.
The possible role for Stephen A. Feinberg, a co-founder of Cerberus Capital Management, has met fierce resistance among intelligence officials already on edge because of the criticism the intelligence community has received from Trump during the campaign and since they became president. On Wednesday, Trump blamed leaks from the intelligence community for the departure of Michael T. Flynn, their national security adviser, whose resignation they requested.
There has been no announcement of Feinberg's job, which would be based in the White House, but they recently told their company's shareholders that they were in discussions to join the Trump administration.  They are a member of Trump's economic advisory council.
Feinberg, who has close ties to Stephen K. Bannon, who is Trump's chief strategist, and Jared Kushner, the president's son-in-law, declined to comment on their possible position. The White House, which is still working out the details of the intelligence review, also would not comment.
Bringing Feinberg into the administration to conduct the review is seen as a way of injecting a Trump loyalist into a world the White House views with suspicion. But top intelligence officials fear that Feinberg is being groomed for a high position in one of the intelligence agencies.
Bannon and Kushner, according to current and former intelligence officials and Republican lawmakers, had at one point considered Feinberg for either director of national intelligence or chief of the CIA's clandestine service, a role that is normally reserved for career intelligence officers, not friends of the president. Feinberg's only experience with national security matters is their firm's stakes in a private security company and two gunmakers.
On an array of issues – including the Iran nuclear deal, the utility of NATO, and how best to combat Islamist militancy – much of the information and analysis produced by U.S. intelligence agencies contradicts the positions of the new administration. The divide is starkest when it comes to Russia and President Vladimir Putin, whom Trump has repeatedly praised while dismissing U.S. intelligence assessments that Moscow sought to promote their own candidacy.
Against this backdrop, Trump has appointed Mike Pompeo, a former Republican member of congress from Kansas, to run the CIA, and former Sen. Dan Coats, R-Ind., to be the director of national intelligence (he is still awaiting confirmation). Both were the preferred choices of the Republican congressional leadership and Vice President Mike Pence and had no close or long-standing ties to Trump. In fact, they each endorsed Sen. Marco Rubio of Florida for president during the 2016 Republican primaries.
But the potential White House role for Feinberg follows intense speculation among intelligence professionals that Feinberg is in line for a powerful position within the intelligence community.
Coats is especially angry at what they see as a move by Bannon and Kushner to sideline them before they are even confirmed, according to current and former officials. They believe the review would impinge on a central part of their role as the director of national intelligence and fears that if Feinberg were working at the White House, they could quickly become a dominant voice on intelligence matters.
Michael V. Hayden, a retired general who ran the CIA and the National Security Agency during President George W. Bush's administration, said it was hard to wrap their head around “the idea of a DNI nominee in the confirmation process while others consider retooling the position.”
“I think I'd be concerned too,” they said.
The challenge is less immediate for Pompeo. They do not see an urgent need for a review of the intelligence community, according to current and former U.S. officials, but sees it as better than the appointment of Feinberg to a job with actual authority over daily intelligence operations.
Many intelligence officials question what purpose a White House intelligence review would serve other than to position Feinberg for a larger role in the future. Most significant changes to the intelligence community would require an act of Congress, a fact that would ultimately blunt whatever ideas or proposals Feinberg came up with. Even with a Republican majority in both houses, getting Congress to agree to major changes to intelligence agencies seems unlikely.
It is difficult to “object to someone putting fresh eyes on the organization of the intelligence community,” Hayden said. “But, even though the DNI staff has become far too large, I don't think any of us think a major restructuring of the community is in order.”
Tensions between the intelligence community and the White House have already played out on several fronts. Before Flynn was forced out, one of their top aides, Robin Townley, was denied a security clearance by the CIA. But distrust of the intelligence community has been building for years in conservative political circles, where the CIA during the Obama administration was seen as heavily politicized.
Rep. Steve King, R-Iowa, said in a recent interview that some officials in the intelligence community were trustworthy but “not all.”
“People there need to be rooted out,” King said.
Knowing how to speak a foreign language or two is becoming increasingly important and beneficial these days. Whether you want to do some extensive travels, look for new opportunities, meet women from different cultures, or leave the dying West for good, there are many reasons to start picking up a language now. With daily dedication, even if you just manage to squeeze in 30 minutes of study a day, you'll see results in the future which you'll be thankful for. If you're hesitating or think that you don't have the time, know that they're just excuses. In few years time, you might regret not starting sooner—I've heard the same story from many other people and I myself regret that I didn't take language learning seriously when I was younger.
Unless there is one culture or country that you are fascinated with or currently live in, you might feel lost as to choosing which language to tackle. Based on my own experience, I think it's important to pick a language that will come handy and that you'll stick to for years to come. Picking up a language just because you feel like it would be cool to speak it is not a good reason and you'll likely end up quitting early on. Without further ado, here are some major languages to consider if you haven't decided on one yet.
1. Spanish
Difficulty: Easy
If you are fluent in English or other Romance languages, you'll find many similarities in Spanish to get you going. It is actually one of the more (if not the most) simple European languages.
Practicality: Very High
Of all the languages listed here, you'll get the highest ROI. Spain and the entire Americas (minus Brazil and few smaller countries) are yours once you know English and Spanish.
Cultural Value: High
Latin American cultures are rich and colorful; there won't be any regrets.
Business/Political Value: High
Quality of women who speak the language: High
One word: Latinas.
2. Portuguese
Difficulty: Average
Little more difficult than Spanish.
Practicality: Average
Portuguese is affected by diglossia, making Brazilian Portuguese distinguishable from the one spoken in Portugal. Those two are also the only countries that speak the language that are worth visiting.
Cultural Value: Average
Brazil in an amazing place, but it's only one place.
Business/Political Value: Average
Quality of women who speak the language: High
Two words: Brazilian women
3. French
Difficulty: Average
Relatively easy, but not as easy as Spanish.
Practicality: High
If you live in Canada, you already know how useful it is in helping you get a job (public sector job).
Cultural Value: High
Business/Political Value: High
There's a reason why French was the original lingua franca. It is still a language that is sought after in many positions.
Quality of women who speak the language: Average
Still better than Anglo women.
4. German
Difficulty: Above Average
Three genders and confusing amount of endings are enough to cause a headache.
Practicality: Low
Most Germans (and other German speaking Europeans) already speak a good deal of English.
Cultural Value: High
If you fancy old European culture, German will appeal to you. Wagner and Nietzsche anyone?
Business/Political Value: High
If you do a lot of business in Europe it will come handy.
Quality of women who speak the language: Low to Average
Don't some say that they're the ugliest in Europe after English women?
5. Russian
Difficulty: Hard
Cyrillic is only the beginning…
Practicality: Above Average
If you plan on going to Ukraine, Belarus, or Russia for any period of time you should learn the language.
Cultural Value: High
Business/Political Value: High
Will be very useful if you plan on working for certain section of the US government.
Quality of women who speak the language: Very High
Nothing more needs to be said.
Loading...
6. Arabic
Difficulty: Very Hard
First thing you need to learn about Arabic is that it is not a single language. The Modern Standard Arabic (or simply MSA) is not spoken by the average person and is considered a high language spoken only by diplomats, the media, academics, and officials. The dialects that are spoken in everyday life are divided into regions (sometimes within the same country) and must be learned separately.
Practicality: Low
Unless you plan to live in the Arab world for an extended period of time, your Arabic won't come handy. Many nations (especially the Gulf states) already speak good enough English.
Cultural Value: Above Average
Arabic will open the door to rich and exotic cultures.
Business/Political Value: High
Same as Russian. Arabic is highly valued in the military and is expected to remain in high demand for the foreseeable future.
Quality of women who speak the language: Depends on the region
Depending on where you go, the women can look anything from this to this.
7. Mandarin
Difficulty: Very Hard
Your biggest obstacles will the tones and the thousands of characters that you have to memorize. But, personally, I think the overall difficulty is highly exaggerated. The grammar is actually very basic and straightforward.
Practicality: Slightly Below Average
In spite of the number of people who speak it, including those who are spread all over the world, the practicality suffers due to regionalism. I know a man who spent more than ten years living in China who couldn't utilize the standard version they had learned outside the city center they lived in.
Cultural Value: High
China is the oldest living civilization. A Chinese person today can still read Sun Tzu's original Art of War that was published in 5th century BC.
Business/Political Value: High
China is growing and growing. It will soon be the most important language after English for business and diplomacy if not already.
Quality of women who speak the language: Above Average
Not the most attractive (unless you have a thing for Asian women), but far better for long-term relationship than the average Western women.
8. Korean
Difficulty: Very Hard
The written language is actually one of the easiest in the world (you can learn it in less than an hour), but the grammar will be a pain with all its formalities.
Practicality: Low
You'll only be able to speak this language with Korean immigrants and half of a peninsula. On the other hand, if you plan to live in Korea (as an English teacher or whatever), you'll be treated like a rock star in the country.
Cultural Value: Average
Korean culture is rich and exotic, but limited by size. The rising popularity of Korean culture in the region and beyond might change that in the future though.
Business/Political Value: Low
Quality of women who speak the language: Above Average
Somewhat superficial and materialistic (like the Chinese) but overall, traditional and feminine.
9. Japanese
Difficulty: Very Hard
Japanese use a hybrid writing system that incorporate Chinese characters. Think of the whole language as something between Chinese and Korean.
Practicality: Low
Only people who speak Japanese are in the country. Unlike Chinese or Korean, you won't find as many immigrants to interact with either.
Cultural Value: Above Average
Truth be told, Japan is a declining nation. Unless you're obsessed with everything Japan and plan to live there for the rest of your life, I don't see too many reasons to learn Japanese. It still has a great cultural value if you're looking to immerse yourself to an exotic culture.
Business/Political Value: Somewhat Low
Unless you work in a company that has connections Japan, it's rather low.
Quality of women who speak the language: Above Average
Nearly identical to Koreans. If you're white, you have a strong advantage with almost no competition. Their women are not as pretty as people imagine them to be though.
Conclusion
I'm sure I missed few or several languages that would also be useful to learn, but it really all comes down to your personal preference depending on what you're looking for. Along with game, learning a language is one of the most important thing you can do to improve yourself. The crucial thing to remember is to stick to your studies no matter what and to commit yourself to it. And unless you're only learning it for academic value, it is essential that you actually go to the country and live in the culture with the people to master the language; no amount of books and courses will replicate real-life interactions.
Start now and don't regret later.
Read More: The Number One Rule For Learning A Foreign Language
The college football world was rocked amused today by the news that Texas Athletic Director Steve Patterson has been shitcanned for being too arrogant even for Texas. And while the collective sigh of relief coming from the majority of fans and boosters out of Austin is not quite enough to dampen the glee felt by the rest of country, the fact remains that a replacement will need to be named as soon as possible, preferably one with some grit and gumption. We have compiled what we feel is a completely appropriate and reasonable list, from A to Z, because hey--You're Texas By God.
A: Major Applewhite.
Pro: Like a coach in the boardroom.
Con: Concern that if they hire him, Chris Simms will show up to the office on the first day.
B: Bevo.
Pro: Currently as athletic as any other AD in the country.
Con: May turn metaphorically taking a shit on the field into literally taking a shit on the field.
C: Chip Brown.
Pro: There is no proof to the rumor that they will serve as Texas AD. None.
Con: There is no proof to the rumor that they will serve as Texas AD. None.
D: Dan Beebe.
Pro: Wealth of experience in fostering the best interests of the University of Texas.
Con: Basketball team already considering leaving to join another athletic department.
E: Erik Estrada.
The Bullcast - Ball State Edition. We revel in defensive treasures and explore Muncie, IN. http://t.co/1Pu7URicJb pic.twitter.com/z7D4ZTUOFg — Good Bull Hunting (@GBHunting) September 11, 2015
F: Frey, Walder
Pro: Knows how to keep people to their word and appeals to Texas' sense of nepotism.
Con: Unfamiliar with Title IX
G: Greg Davis
Pro: Mack Brown nostalgia without actually hiring Mack Brown.
Con: Currently coaches with Kirk Ferentz and so is locked up in contract for 89 more months.
H: Houston Dale Nutt
Pro: Heppin'
Con: Giggity.
I: Immortan Joe
Pro: Empire built on oil, guns, and depriving the public of basic health and well-being like a true Texan
Con: Again, not a Title IX guy.
J: Joe Jamail
Pro: Already has name on football stadium.
Con: Might get pissed off and sell entire Athletic Department in a fit of rage.
K: Kevin Sumlin
Pro: Will finally get those Aggies to "care" again.
Con: Will need to scrub a lot of graffiti off of a lot of bathroom stalls at DKR.
L: Lance Armstrong
Pro: Personal #brand will mesh with Charlie Strong.
Con: Will probably schedule Ball State.
M: Matthew McConaughey
Pro: Does not require office furniture or wardrobe.
Con: Can't seem to figure out where they put the keys to DKR. Like, they were just in their pocket man.
N: Nick Saban
Pros: has the humble, meek character valued by the University of Texas at Austin
Con: OU has scoreboard on them
O: Oliver Luck
Pro: Very familiar with the NCAA violation process.
Con: Can't actually prove he's not Steve Patterson. No one has ever seen both in the same place at the same time.
Pro: Experience handling the Fisher account
Con: No one has seen them in several weeks.
Q: Quentin Tarantino
Pro: Has edgy, honest vision for the future of Texas Athletics.
Con: Said future includes Steve Buscemi, Harvey Keitel, and multiple on-screen decapitations.
R: Ricky Williams
Pro: Is talked about every day by Longhorn Fans.
Con: Whereabouts unknown (Longhorn Network).
S: Steve...uh...Peterson. Yeah.
Pro: Probably hasn't moved yet.
Con: Rest of world unlikely to believe that awkward haircut and fake mustache.
T: Tobias Fünke
Pro: Is a licensed analyst and therapist.
Con: Just blue himself.
U: Uncle Nate Fitch
Pro: Always on time.
Con: Oh man they thought those Rolexes were real, Dog, they swear.
V: Vince Young
Pro: Already on payroll, check is paid in Applebee's Gift Cards.
Con: Will have to divert attention from running their "stakehouse" [sic]
W: Wescott Eberts
Pro: Literally no one on earth spends more time dissecting the excruciating minutiae of UT athletics
Con: TELLS IT LIKE IT IS
X: Xanthippe Lannister Voorhees
Pro: Is adept at manipulating wealthy WASPs.
Con: Is secretly an overachiever.
Y: Yakov Smirnoff
Pro: Already aware that at Texas, football program run you.
Con: Nostalgic for College Station architecture.
Z: Zook, Ron
Pro: Probably not technically the worst hire possible.
Con: No, actually this may be the worst hire possible.
Israeli Lobby Forces U.S. Congress to Triple Military Aid to Israel
The US Congress has authorized $284 million to fund Israel's missile systems program, triple the amount the Obama administration had requested.
The bill, introduced jointly by the House of Representatives and Senate budget committees, includes $33.7 million to improve the Arrow Weapon System, $117 million for the Short-Range Ballistic Missile Defense Program and $22 million for development of the Arrow-3 upper-tier interceptor, according to Business Week.
The measure comes as an amendment to the National Defense Authorization Act for 2014.
Separately, the House on Wednesday passed 399-0 a bill that would enhance the US commitment to Israel's “qualitative military edge” in the region, the JTA news agency reported.
Additionally, the House Energy and Commerce Committee approved legislation that would create a strategic energy partnership between Israel and the United States, JTA said.
The House moves to increase US aid to Israel even as the United States is struggling with domestic economic issues and safety net programs like food stamps and unemployment benefits are being cut or reduced.
Sens. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.), Lisa Murkowski (R-Alaska), and Mary Landrieu (D-La.) have introduced a similar bill in the Senate.
The new aid package is in addition to the $3.1 billion in military assistance that Washington provides to the Zionist regime annually.
The military aid package to the Israeli regime is one of the few budget deals for which the majority of US Democratic and Republican lawmakers are in agreement.
A great majority of members of US Congress receive funds and perks from powerful pro-Israeli lobby groups. All new members of Congress are offered an all-paid visit to Israel to receive top-level briefings on the regime's “security needs and concerns.”
Reprinted from Press TV.
http://www.lewrockwell.com
© 2013 Copyright LewRockwell.com - All Rights Reserved
Disclaimer: The above is a matter of opinion provided for general information purposes only and is not intended as investment advice. Information and analysis above are derived from sources and utilising methods believed to be reliable, but we cannot accept responsibility for any losses you may incur as a result of this analysis. Individuals should consult with their personal financial advisors.
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication.
OTTAWA – A new bank report says the protectionist policies of Donald Trump‘s U.S. administration could chop the rate of growth for Canada's gross domestic product by as much as 1.5 percentage points.
The analysis by the National Bank Financial Markets says Trump's arrival could be good for Canada's energy sector because of plans to revive the Keystone XL pipeline.
WATCH: Liberals ‘welcome' Trump's decision on Keystone pipeline
But any benefits there will likely be offset by big losses in exports, says the report, because of possible changes to the North American Free Trade Agreement and proposed new border taxes threatened by the new U.S. government.
If the U.S. imposes a 10 per cent border adjustment tax on imports, it would result a nine per cent drop in Canadian exports, causing a 1.5 percentage point decline in GDP growth, the report adds.
READ MORE: Imposing tariffs on US goods likely to increase costs for Canadian consumers
It singles out Ontario and New Brunswick as potentially facing the most significant impact, since growth in those two provinces has come mainly from exports to the U.S. and not internal trade with other regions of Canada.
The report suggests Trump adviser Stephen Schwarzman's recent reassurances on NAFTA should not be taken at face value because the softwood lumber dispute might unleash a round of tit-for-tat tariffs.
READ MORE: Canada must stay nimble in Donald Trump era: economic adviser
“The softwood lumber dispute may be like a litmus test for Canada-U.S. relations under Trump,” it says.
“How harsh the U.S. moves may give some idea about how hard-line America aims to be when renegotiating NAFTA.”
Netflix just dipped its toes into Asia with a launch in Japan this month, and now the U.S. video streaming service has revealed plans for a major expansion that will see it hit four more countries in the region early next year.
South Korea, Singapore, Hong Kong And Taiwan are next on the list for Asia as Netflix “moves to complete its global rollout by the end of next year.”
Netflix isn't saying too much about these launches at this point — it usually keeps the price of its service quiet until right before a new launch — so we'll have to wait for further details on its exact launch schedule, and more.
For one thing, though, it does look like this is very much the starting point for the company in Asia. Beyond these four additional countries, you'd expect that the company may also roll out in India and some of Southeast Asia's largest markets — Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia and Philippines — while its stance on China in less clear. The company was rumored to have held talks with Wasu Media, a company that Alibaba founder Jack Ma has invested in. Netflix has declined to comment specifically on its plans for China, but Chief Content Officer Ted Sarandos previously called the country ” too big to have an asterisk next to it.”
In Southeast Asia, a number of streaming sites have surfaced to test the subscription model that Netflix itself pioneered across the region. Malaysia-headquartered iFlix is backed by $30 million in investment, while Hooq was spun out of operator Singtel and includes Sony Pictures and Warner Brother as backers. In China, Alibaba has just begun testing a fully paywalled streaming service — ‘TBO' is the first of its kind in the country, where video services are typically ad-supported.
Voiceover legend and disc jockey Ernie Anderson (1923-97) certainly had an interesting and varied life and career. In addition to being the father of Boogie Nights director Paul Thomas Anderson and appearing in their son's early films, Anderson was a pioneering TV horror host as the wisecracking Ghoulardi, portraying the wild-and-woolly, goateed character on WJW-TV's Shock Theater in Cleveland from 1963 to 1966. Anderson left Ghoulardi and Cleveland behind them in the late '60s to move to California in pursuit of their show business career. There, in addition to scoring some guest roles in episodic television, they established themselves as a top-flight announcer, securing a gig on The Carol Burnett Show, a variety program featuring their erstwhile comedy partner, Tim Conway, who had worked with them back in Cleveland on radio and television.
But for millions of Americans, Ernie Anderson's rich, nuanced voice will forever be associated with the ABC television network. They were the voice of the network for years, voicing countless promos in the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s. (He was noted during this time for their signature pronunciation of The Love Boat.) A behind-the-scenes video shot by one of Anderson's protégées in 1989 captures the man at work and shows that they were very human, not some kind of promo-recording automaton. In the clip, Anderson records take after take of a commercial featuring clips of The Wonder Years, Who's The Boss?, and Roseanne. The clips are so talky and so briskly paced that Anderson barely has time to squeeze in the hacky ad copy he's been given. And he's not shy about expressing their displeasure, at one point asking, “Who the fuck wrote this?”
Advertisement
The person who posted the video to YouTube says that “Ernie was my mentor, but I think that I made them nervous during this shoot.” Professional that they are, Anderson gets through it. And even though this is an audio-only gig, Anderson really performs their lines, complete with theatrical gestures.
Those who want more of Anderson in this mode are advised to check out the announcer's eccentric 1983 appearance on Late Night With David Letterman. Here, Anderson talks about their experiences on The Carol Burnett Show and recites some fan-requested ABC promos for shows like Vega$ and Roots. Naturally, they are obliged to say the words The Love Boat a few times, too. They treat this talk show appearance like any other voice-over session, right down to the placement of the microphone. They also admit that they swear frequently on the job, which the behind-the-scenes video corroborates.
Joshua Freeman, CP24.com
A man has been rushed to hospital after being shot in the neck in a vehicle in Rexdale as their young nephew sat in the back.
Police were originally called to Kipling Avenue and Henley Crescent for a report of a collision at around 8:30 p.m. When emergency crews arrived, they found a vehicle smashed into a pole with an occupant suffering from a gunshot wound.
The victim was rushed to hospital via emergency run, police said.  They are believed to be in serious but stable condition, Toronto Paramedic Services said.
A three-year-old child – believed to be the man's nephew – was in a car seat in the back at the time of the crash, police said.
Four women who were passing by right after the crash removed the boy from the vehicle, according to police. They were unharmed but has been taken to hospital to be checked over as a precaution.
Police said it's still too early to say when and where the man was shot.
“We don't know where in fact the shooting took place,” Inspector Domenic Sinopoli told CP24 at the scene. “What I can tell you is the vehicle must have been travelling at quite a rate of speed to cause that much damage and to take down the light pole.”
A man who lives close to where the crash happened said they heard two loud bangs before running out to see what had happened.
“When I came out the guy was slumped over in the car,” the man said.
They said their wife then saw two men running away from the scene towards a ravine.
Members of the Emergency Task Force arrived at the scene shortly after the crash and are scouring the area with police dogs to see if they can locate any suspects.
However Sinopoli said it's difficult to say at this point whether the men who were running from the scene are suspects. They said police are looking to speak with a man who turned off the vehicle after the crash.
“Someone attended to this scene and turned off the vehicle. We don't know who that person is. We'd love to have them contact us,” Sinopoli said.
They said police are looking to speak with that man, as well as anyone else who has information about the incident.
Kipling Avenue has been closed between West Humber Boulevard and John Garland as police investigate.
Udo Schuklenk is Ontario Research Chair in Bioethics and professor of philosophy at Queen's University, and joint editor-in-chief of the journals Bioethics and Developing World Bioethics.
In what has been described as a precedent-setting case, Judge Gethin Edward of the Ontario Court of Justice ruled on Friday that aboriginal parents are well within their right to remove their child from hospital care and place it into an "alternative healing" outfit. In the case they were presiding over, the healing outfit is actually registered as a massage parlour in Florida. The "doctor" treating the child has no medical qualifications; their qualifications are from a mail-order degree-mill "university."
The 11-year-old child suffers from childhood leukemia. Experts concur that chemotherapy offers a 95-per-cent likelihood of complete remission of the cancer. It is the gold standard of care under such circumstances. The family in question has decided instead to transfer the child to said alternative healing outfit. The Hamilton-based Children's Aid Society decided not to intervene, because the parents were providing "care" to their child. Apparently to the Children's Aid Society it didn't matter at all what the evidence of success for the parental 'care' was. It turns out that it is nonexistent. According to medical specialists, another aboriginal child also treated in said alternative-healing facility has since experienced a serious deterioration in their health because leukemia has returned with a vengeance. The family paid close to $20,000 for the non-treatment of their child by the Florida-based operator of said massage parlour.
Story continues below advertisement
It goes without saying that cases such as these are tragic. They point to a likely breakdown in communications between the health-care professionals and the families.
Judge Edward reportedly accepted much of the argument driving the family's decision. They claimed that scientific evidence is apparently "completely foreign" to aboriginal people. They seem oblivious to this claim's insult to the majority of aboriginal people who don't take their children from hospital beds to Florida-based massage parlours. Or to aboriginal people working in universities and schools as science teachers. Judge Edward also harped on for quite some time about traditional methods of healing, conveniently ignoring that the Florida-based massage parlour isn't a traditional aboriginal medicine outfit – it's run by a white man who visited aboriginal communities, peddling their thoroughly Western wares to the gullible.
Here is a quote that is indicative of the judge's thinking: "Maybe First Nations culture doesn't require every child to be treated with chemotherapy and to survive for that culture to have value." Apparently this is also what's of greater importance to aboriginal leaders in this case. Six Nations Chief Ava Hill and New Credit First Nations Chief Bryan Laforme have been quoted as saying: "This is monumental, it reaffirms our right to be Indian and to practise our medicines in the traditional way." The child in question clearly has been reduced to being a pawn in a greater political struggle.
To Judge Edward and Chiefs Hill and Laforme, child welfare is not what's primarily at stake, but the survival of aboriginal society. A nice sentiment so long as you aren't a vulnerable child desperately needing proven medical care. Surely, the ethically relevant question here is this: Should we, as a society, override parental care decisions for their children in cases where there is overwhelming evidence that they are harming their children irreversibly, or, as in our case, where the children would face high risk of death? Aboriginal communities need to ask themselves this very same question. It may well be that treaty rights entitle aboriginal parents to remove their children from hospitals and deliver them into the hands of quacks, but achieving this truly is a Pyrrhic victory.
Surely the children's (objective) best (survival) interests trump parental best intentions, parental ignorance, parental fanaticism, parental scepticism with regard to mainstream medicine, etc. Hospitals routinely override parental decisions by Jehovah's Witnesses who refuse life-preserving blood transfusions for their children. And they are right to do so.
There is no parental right to harm your children. Since when has the life of a child become so cheap that we leave it to misguided parents who wish to do as they see fit, evidence be damned?
The apparent "justification" here is that it is an aboriginal child. Let us all hope that this judgment won't stand.
Coming Soon
Warrior Nun
A young woman wakes up in a morgue with inexplicable powers and gets caught in a battle between good and evil. Inspired by the manga novels.
PIECES OF Them
When an afternoon outing explodes into violence, a young woman's view of their mother is forever changed. Based on Karin Slaughter's best-selling novel.
Jacob and the Sea Beast
In their mission to stop a tyrannical captain and save a kidnapped infant, charming seafarer Jacob finds an unlikely ally in a sea monster.
The Boy Who Harnessed the Wind
Inspired by a science book, 13-year-old William Kamkwamba builds a wind turbine to save their Malawian village from famine. Based on a true story.
Most Beautiful Thing
After their husband disappears, meek Maria Luiza turns their property into a bossa nova club and begins to come into their own as an independent woman.
Typewriter
When a family moves into a suburban Goa house believed to be haunted, a group of young friends dares to investigate.
Selling Sunset
The elite real estate brokers at The Oppenheim Group sell the luxe life to affluent buyers in LA. The drama ramps up when a new agent joins the team.
If I Hadn't Met You
Eduard, a husband and father who loses their family in a tragic accident, travels to parallel universes to seek a better fate for their beloved wife.
President Mwai Kibaki signed the agreement on behalf of Kenya The leaders of three African trading blocs on Wednesday agreed to create a free trade zone of 26 countries with a GDP of an estimated $624bn (£382.9bn). It is hoped the deal will ease access to markets within the region and end problems arising from the fact several countries belong to multiple groups. The deal also aims to strengthen the bloc's bargaining power when negotiating international deals. Analysts say the agreement will help intra-regional trade and boost growth. The three blocs which struck the deal were the Southern African Development Community (SADC), the East African Community (EAC) and the Common Market for Eastern and Southern Africa (Comesa). "The greatest enemy of Africa, the greatest source of weakness has been disunity and a low level of political and economic integration," said Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni at a meeting with the heads of state who chair the three trade blocs. The agreement will also lend its backing to joint infrastructure and energy projects in the zone. Redressing imbalance Six heads of state from 26 countries in Comesa, SADC and the EAC attended the meeting in the Ugandan capital, Kampala, to sign the agreement. Many of the leaders and representatives consider the new pact a way of giving Africa a greater voice on the world stage. "By coming together, the member states will have a strong voice in advancing our interests on the international scene," said South African President Kgalema Motlanthe. Meanwhile, President Museveni said that it was a step in the right direction for a continent that suffered unfairly when it came to global trade. President Motlanthe also called for developing countries to have positions within global institutions. ""While Africa and other developing countries had marginal influence over the decisions that have brought the international finance systems to the brink of collapse, unjustifiably, African countries will bear the brunt," they said. "Development countries must be included in the governance of all international financing institutions to mitigate adverse effects on them," Mr Motlanthe added. Groupings The three blocs are already well-established in their own right but cover varying swathes of land and numbers of people. The SADC was first established as the Southern African Development Coordination Conference in 1980 in order to reduce independence on apartheid South Africa. It was reincarnated as the SADC in 1992. It covers a population of some 248 million people and a zone whose cumulative GDP is $379bn in 2006. The SADC's members include South Africa, Tanzania, Zambia and Zimbabwe. Comesa was established in 1994 and replaced the Preferential Trade Area. It includes 398 million people and the area has a combined GDP of $286.7bn in 2006. Among its members are Zimbabwe, Zambia, Uganda and Sudan. EAC is the smallest of the group in terms of GDP, and had a GDP of $46.6bn in 2006. Set up in 1967, disagreements between founding members Uganda, Kenya and Tanzania led to its collapse. A treaty was signed for its re-establishment in 1999 and the new EAC was formed in 2000.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“Yo, ho, ho, and a bottle of rum! This is the tale of the SOLAR Jewel and -RUUM “
The Yarrdy YaRr YARRR [-RUUM] corp, the pickled plunderers of deep space are up to their eyeballs in adventure and swinging from fight to fight with impressive success. No one is as surprised as the upstart's themselves, having never expected to capture the R3Po-Z, a prized station in Outer Passage. How can a small merry band of 37, mostly alts, find their way into the deepest space and conquer a station from Legion of xXDEATHXx?
Well, the pilots of -RUUM are not the usual lot. They may seem like swirling swashbucklers from the outside, but inside they are former pilots of Brick Squad and members of the Alliance Tournament teams for Ministry of Inappropriate Footwork and Tuskers . Both are excellent tournament teams, all excellent pvpers.
Video: This is what it's like to be in the alliance tournament, POV and fleet comms from The Tuskers Co.
Pirates are generally good at pvp because they see a lot of small team action, which means every member must pull their weight, there's no hiding in a large pack of 50-200 pilots. Null-sec however, requires less direct skill but more weight. Knocking out stations requires high, and sustained DPS. To get that you need different skills: management of numerous pilots and heavy ships, like capitals.
Normally, defending alliances let the first two rounds of a station's reinforcement go without a resistance: The first attack is often by surprise, defenders may not form fast enough to effectively intimidate the offenders. The second attack, days later, is allowed to pass because winning the third and final timer, is more demoralizing a loss to attackers. Usually the defenders have an official call to arms (CTA), and leaders look closely at who shows up. Those are when the big fights happen: It's pvp by appointment.
In the case of R3PO-Z, the attacking -RUUM corp, called on SOLAR FLEET, the former station owners and enemy of current owner Legion of xXDEATHXx. That famous station, “the SOLAR jewel” was rumored to contain riches beyond comprehension. It was deadzoned by Pandemic Legion and locked up tight at the end of the null-sec war that saw SOLAR's light shut off and go dormant. Only four trusted members of PL had access to the station. One year and 8 months passed.
Eventually, SOLAR FLEET came back to life, to the surprise of no one, and helped -RUUM attack the station on the last timer. As described by Bei ArtJay, FC of -RUUM:
Solar helped us captured it and was more than happy for us to keep it. They were happy to see xXDEATHXx lose it. We got it to last armour timer on our own and then we had reports of a 40-man xXDEATHXx fleet coming to stop us taking it so we asked SOLAR if they wanted to help for fun. So solar quickly formed like 25 guys in Ishtars (was like 1am for them when we asked) and we supported with bombers and caps [capital ships]. Was a really fun battle but we out-fought them and won even though they captured the station with suicide dreads we took out TCU and then held the field.
Bei goes on to deny the rumors of being hired by SOLAR FLEET to take back the prized station:
A lot of the xXDEATHXx Shadow militia/renters/advent believe the myth and think SOLAR paid us to take the station. Last number I heard was 100bil contract, which is hilarious. We are just here for good fights 🙂 We were out here totally solo before the last armour timer. Yes, we set [SOLAR FLEET] blue now. We made friends during that battle. We literally opened diplomatic relations with SOLAR right before the battle for R3PO-Z
They explain why the station was selected as their target.
I was really excited about Pheobe changes and believed that they would help small gangs do strategic objective stuff. The reason I chose this system to base out of was because I [rightly] guess that time sov timers would be set to EU/USTZ, since PL owned it. I was right^^ My hunch was that with xXDEATHXx's caps and core fighting force based 5 regions away they had no hope defending space deep in their renter territory if a hard-working skilled corp invaded. xXDEATHXx's current capital is BWF-ZZ in geminate, so about 25 jumps here and back, and about 7 mid-pints for caps. So every time we hit a renter pos or something they had to go a long way. We would blueball when they blobbed, and when they didn't, [we] got fights with renters. [We were] surprised PL and xXDEATHXx didn't put up more of a fight.
And that is a curious thing: SOLAR's former capital station was supposed to be filled with trillions in assets, yet PL did nothing to keep it locked, and SOLAR didn't show any sign of an exhilarated evacuation of wealth. The mythical “SOLAR Jewel” was a fake?
Yes, I had heard the stories about R3PO-Z and my corp enjoyed the story when I told them. I have not seen them mass-evacuating anything even though they are welcome to dock here. As far as I have seen, I haven't really seen them evac anything [except the] occasional member selling off some personal assets in local To be honest, I believe SOLAR when they say the whole JAIL thing was propaganda. I'm 99% sure that was PL/Goon propaganda. Solar said they got most important assets out with jump freighters and stuff using jump clones. If there was so much ISK there they would have come and [gotten] it but, they said they were not bothered about that. [They] just helped us take it to bloody xXDEATHXx's nose.
Now that -RUUM owns R3PO-Z, and a second Outer Passage station, things are looking up, but -RUUM are also face sobering prospects. They are surrounded by a sea of angry renters, and a formidable power that protects them.
We have been out here a month now and finally xXDEATHXx have taken us seriously, the leader of their militia – Antar Logan has coordinated about 5 b/c-tier coalition alliances and deployed them to SN-Q1T with the hopes of removing us, so we stop driving their renters from the region. We call them ‘Legion of xXAntarXx'. BL/Solar have to concentrate on their war, so their timers are a priority for them. They said they are happy to help us as we keep those small alliances busy. [If we do] there [are] less of them to help xXDEATHXx on the other front, [so] it's a mutually beneficial relationship.
SOLAR is engaging in the reconquest of it's traditional home, Cache, where they have been making steady progress despite being repelled recently in I6-SYN [see article]. No apparent need to recover their jewel, after nearly 2 years. It puts the recent 150 billion ISK gift to Black Legion in perspective as well: They had their wealth all along.
For the merry band of pirates (Cable Uta, Wessler, Commander Cougz, Bei ArtJay, and others) that commandeered stations and are fighting against the odds, what does the future hold for them?
Well, we expected to last a matter of days out here but it's turned out a lot longer. We plan to stay until we get overwhelmed and go down fighting! We are having fun, but when the Russian sledge hammer finally lands we plan to bail back to Tasti and start gatecmpaing again to have a break. This has been very fun but very intense gameplay. Loot from ratters and stuff has made the operation a profit already even if we lose everything, so we have no reason to run until we have run out of ships.
Going down with the ships, it makes perfect sense.
*UPDATE: Some words from the pursuing authority:
We'd like to thank Yarr for coming and giving our militia something to do besides shoot rats. Without them life would be too dull so we always welcome the opportunity of some content. The pro x-alliance tournament members of yarr are giving our guys exactly what we need… experience in pew. Also not one timer that mattered was won without BL and/or Solar, so its actually us fighting them and not Yarr. – Antar Logan
SOLAR were contacted for the story, but have not responded yet. We'll update the article when they get back to us.
Full edited interview: Document
Please add your comments, and contact me as needed @Matterall373, or Matterall ingame or best [email protected]
Justin Trudeau showed their love for the bleu, blanc et rouge when they spotted somebody wearing a Quebec Nordiques' hat at a campaign stop in Winnipeg on Tuesday.
After announcing that a Liberal government would invest $200 million per year over the next three years in high-tech innovation, Trudeau spotted a man wearing a Nordiques' hat in the crowd.
The offender sporting their Quebec Nordiques' hat.
"I'd love to bring them back, just so the Habs can kick their asses again," they told the man.
The man replied: "That's just the opposite, in fact."
"We'll have that argument in good due course, and I look forward to it," said the leader of the Liberal Party.
The exchange happened to come on the very day that a group from Quebec City is making presentations to the NHL in an attempt to land a franchise.
The group is meeting with the league's executive committee as well as its board of governors.
About
The television show "Sons of Anarchy" ended it's sixth season in December with the highest ratings ever. It ranked 4th in the Nielsens ratings behind NFL regular season games and a Duck Dynasty Christmas Special. It was the number one scripted show on cable television. The 7th and Final season will premiere next September 2014. Fans of Sons of Anarchy are going to have to wait 9 months, that right 9 months, 9, 9, 9 NINE MONTHS!!!!!! before they can se the conclusion of this Epic Story!!! That almost a whole year!!!!!!!!!!! I hope that Kids of Poor Upbringing, thats right KIDS OF POOR UPBRINGING AKA Sue Crow will fill this vacant hole
Broken Face Productions is producing a parody of "Sons Of Anarchy" titled "Kids of Poor Upbringing". We are starting with the pilot episode, and plan on shooting several shorts to cover the first season. While the bad boys of Charming are taking a 9 month break the kids of Fetching, California will pick up the slack! It is our goal to make 8-10 episodes each one being a parody of the first season of Sons of Anarchy. And were just in luck, It's a great time to be in the parody business!!!
I plan on shooting in the exact same frames that Kurt Sutter did. When the Mayans walk into SAMCRO's warehouse and finds crates of guns, Cub scouts will walk into a fort and find crates of candy! Where the two Mexican girls were burned in the fire, two teddy bears will suffer the same consequences. It's going to be bedlam in Fetching California over the next several months!!!! Did you get that Fetching/Charming!!! So sit back, relax, and open up those wallets you penny pinching Douche Bags!
Max Feller is second in command behind Ray Carrow, but Rays time is on its last legs. They have been recently diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes. Their days in the candy biz are numbered!!
A Starship Technologies commercial delivery robot navigates a pavement during a live demonstration in front of the headquarters of Metro AG in Duesseldorf, Germany, June 7, 2016.. Wolfgang Rattay/Reuters
An expert panel ponders how AI will change our lives.
When we think of the city of the future, we might think about flying cars and scenes from “Star Trek” or “The Jetsons.” But coming new technologies are shaping deeper and more fundamental changes in our cities. These changes are already well underway. CityLab readers already know how ride-hailing companies are transforming the nature of mobility and car ownership. Cities have overtaken suburbs to become a major center for high tech firms and the talent that drives them. Initiatives like Google's Sidewalk Labs are attempting to deepen the connection between technology and urbanism and transform the city itself into a platform for new technology and innovation. A report by a panel of leading experts on technology, business, and cities takes a deep dive into the changes that will come about as a result of one key new technology—artificial intelligence. The panel was chaired by Peter Stone of University of Texas at Austin along with researchers from Rethink Robotics, Allen Institute for AI, Microsoft, and academics from Harvard, MIT, Johns Hopkins, Columbia, UC Berkeley, and other universities from around the world. Their study, Artificial Intelligence and Life in 2030, outlines the dramatic impact artificial intelligence (AI) is having and will continue to have for our cities and the way we live and work in them over the next couple of decades. It outlines the implications of several key dimensions of AI, including: Large-scale learning or algorithms that crunch ever-larger datasets
or that crunch ever-larger datasets Deep learning procedures that recognize images, video, audio, speech, and language
procedures that recognize images, video, audio, speech, and language Reinforcement learning that shifts from pattern recognition to experience-driven decision-making
that shifts from pattern recognition to experience-driven decision-making Robotic devices that can physically interact with environments and people
that can physically interact with environments and people Computer vision that allows computers to see and perform tasks better than people
that allows computers to see and perform tasks better than people Natural language processing that does more than react to request—it communicates through speech
that does more than react to request—it communicates through speech Collaborative systems , crowdsourcing, and human computation
, Algorithms and computational tools that can apply economic and social data to realign incentives for people and businesses
that can apply economic and social data to realign incentives for people and businesses The “Internet of Things” that networks appliances, vehicles, buildings, and cameras
that networks appliances, vehicles, buildings, and cameras Neuromorphic computing that mimics biological neural networks to improve the efficiency and robustness of computer systems The report outlines what these technologies mean for cities and raises deep policy (and downright philosophical) questions about their impact across several areas of urban life. Here are a few thoughts reflecting on what this new technological might promise for cities.
Transportation—more than driverless cars Everyone and their mother is talking about autonomous vehicles, or AVs, which are already being tested on the streets of several cities, including Pittsburgh. The potential relief from traffic congestion and the tragedy of human error on the road make this a top priority for the dream of personal transportation. But technical, economic, and ethical questions about our autonomous future abound—from the possible (major) glitch of pedestrian deaths to the potential job losses from automation to the possible fatal erosion of public transportation. We need to be ready for the next time the car transforms the city. Artificial intelligence could also help systems be more dynamic. Real-time information, machine learning, and algorithms could turn public transportation into a much more vibrant public good, eliminating much of the current frustrations and frictions they generate now. AI could allow us to better allocate resources to make transportation more reliable and more equitable. Public safety and privacy Cities have already begun to deploy a wide variety of AI technologies for security purposes. Expect those trends to continue through to 2030. Analytics have successfully helped combat white collar crime, such as credit-card fraud, and could also prove useful in preventing cyber-crimes in the future. These technologies might not only help police departments solve crimes with less effort but also could assist crime prevention and prosecution by improving record keeping and automatically processing video for anomalies (including evidence of abusive policing).
But as we've seen with this kind of technology deployed for surveillance and predictive policing at the street level, the central question for cities is building trust and eliminating discriminatory targeting. The study argues that with proper research and resources, AI prediction tools could help remove or reduce human bias rather than reinforcing the current systemic problems. But these same powerful tools have a way of replicating the bias of the humans who create the technology in the first place. And techniques like network analysis, which can be used to disrupt criminal or terrorist plots, also have the potential for overreaching, threatening civil liberties, and violating the privacy of city residents. Cities are changing fast. Keep up with the CityLab Daily newsletter. The best way to follow issues you care about. Subscribe Loading... Work and life Artificial intelligence also portends major changes to health care, education, home care, and related services. AI may enable more efficient economic development of so called “low-resource communities” that have higher rates of poverty, joblessness, and therefore have limited funds for public programs and infrastructure. With data mining leading incentives and priorities, there's promise to the idea that AI might unburden systems with limited resources and allocate resources better. Algorithms could connect restaurants to food banks to turn excess in to resources or connect the unemployed to jobs, for example. Harnessing social networks could also help distribute health-related information and address homelessness. Predictive models could not only help government agencies put limited budgets to better use, they could produce more complex thinking to anticipate future problems rather than reacting to a crisis such as the lead poisoning in Flint. After a crisis hits, AI might assist in allocating resources, say by identifying children at risk of exposure or finding women who are pregnant that might need prenatal care to mitigate adverse birth outcomes. A key caveat would be to make sure these tools act as a guard against discriminatory behavior—identifying people for services without baking racial indicators or proxy factors into the machine learning of these systems. The way forward AI brings a contradictory future to our cities. On the hand, tech-optimists see technology like autonomous vehicles, mobile healthcare, and robot teachers freeing us from mundane chores like commuting and waiting in doctor's offices and making our cities better, more inclusive and sustainable places. On the other hand, techno-pessimists see a dystopian future where AI and robots take away jobs and we live in a state of perpetual surveillance.
The report takes a more measured approach. “AI will likely replace tasks rather than jobs in the near term, and will also create new kinds of jobs,” the authors state. “But the new jobs that will emerge are harder to imagine in advance than the existing jobs that will likely be lost.” The study highlights a need for a new set of strategies and policies to guide the use of AI in the city, spanning legality and liability, certifications, agency control, innovation and privacy, labor and taxation. It also calls for more research, training and funding for cities and local governments to better understand and be ready for this coming revolution. AI presents a complex set of considerations for cities. As with any big new technology, the possibilities are exciting—but mayors, policymakers, and urbanists must be vigilant to ensure that we set in place the regulations and institutions required to make the most of these new technologies while minimizing their downsides.
The digital currency Dash held its first conference this past weekend in the Oval Space in London. The conference was pre-funded by Dash's treasury system, where projects are funded directly by the Blockchain. A portion of each block reward is withheld to fund such proposals, if the currency's owners vote in favor.
Over 500 were in attendance and almost 1000 more watched live streams of the event. Presenters touched on all aspects of Dash, including the upcoming Evolution update. Wirex, a Bitcoin debit card company, announced they will be integrating Dash fully into their platform. According to Cash Alternative TV, the Wirex card will have full support for both PrivateSend and InstantSend:
Future plans
Dash Core CEO Ryan Taylor gave a sneak peak of future partnerships that will be announced over the next few months, including:
Global brokerage service with free bank transfers
New exchange integrations
Dash will have access to 20 new fiat currencies
An additional ATM manufacturer
Integration with several large retailers
A healthcare integration
Few details were given, but Taylor mentioned that the community should expect press releases to be coming soon.
Keeping it low key
Ryan Taylor is notoriously stingy when it comes to anything that might resemble hype. Recently, they and founder Evan Duffield penned an open letter to the Dash community. In response to repeated proposals to use unallocated budget funds for marketing, Taylor stated:
“Any gains from this type of advertising would be temporary. As soon as the marketing is removed, the artificial influx of investments would deteriorate followed by the price. Wild price appreciation and crashes would actually detract from Dash's utility as a currency and medium of value transfer, thus directly working against our stated mission and vision. We encourage the community to take a longer-term view to their investments and refrain from hyping the coin… there is plenty of hype inherent in the industry already.”
Taylor has consistently supported a relatively low-key approach as Dash continues to build its ecosystem and its Evolution update. It's not surprising, then, that Dash Conference 2017 failed to reveal any earth-shattering announcements. Any major news in the future will likely come by means of a press release, rather than at a splashy conference.
As New Renter Protections Face an Uncertain Fate, One Portland Lawmaker is Facing the Heat But Could the Pressure on Senator Rod Monroe Backfire?
Jesse Tise
EDITOR'S NOTE: After this story went to press Tuesday, Portland Tenants United announced to the Mercury that it has decided not to support House Bill 2004 in its current form.
IF ROD MONROE hopped onto Interstate 205 on the trek from their East Portland district to Salem on Monday morning, the state senator would have seen their name blaring back at him.
ROUGH COMMUTE
Banners posted along Senator Rod
Monroe's route to work on Monday.
“SENATOR ROD MONROE” read a large white banner hanging from an overpass near Clackamas Town Center. Next to it, a smaller green banner said “Yes on HB 2004.”
The signs, posted by renter advocacy group Portland Tenants United, were just the latest in a string of actions meant to pressure Monroe. The Democratic senator is a necessary “yes” vote if House Bill 2004, the central renter protection bill of the current legislative session, is going to pass. He's also a landlord to dozens of East Portland tenants.
And right now, Monroe isn't sold on HB 2004.
Even with what advocates consider dispiriting amendments to the bill—it no longer includes a much-sought provision that would've opened the door to rent control in Oregon for the first time in more than three decades—Monroe is said to oppose the bolstered protections it offers.
Those protections currently include an end to no-cause evictions if tenants are nine months or more into a month-to-month lease, and a prohibition on landlords hiking rents more than once within a 12-month period. Advocates say these provisions are the bare minimum legislators can do as Portland and other cities around the state grapple with swiftly rising rents, and the serious problems that come with them.
PTU, known for its theatrical demonstrations, just saw a sizable victory. It was a central force in pushing Portland City Council to adopt a historic policy in February requiring landlords to pay relocation fees for tenants issued no-cause evictions.
But the organization's still looking for a big win in Salem this session, and some suggest that's partly because of the tactics it's brought to bear on Monroe.
PTU has sought to sway the senator via tenants in the 51-unit East Portland apartment complex they own. And in March, members of the group demonstrated outside of Monroe's church before Sunday service, holding signs with messages like “How would Jesus evict their tenants?” and encouraging members of the congregation to put pressure on Monroe.
Monroe declined to speak with the Mercury for this story, but the church action rubbed their Democratic colleagues the wrong way.
“Deciding to go to Senator Monroe's church was easily one of the stupidest things anybody could do,” says state Senator Lew Frederick, whose district sits in North and Northeast Portland. “It created a situation where people who were more inclined to vote for it felt that was a violation of privacy. I truly question that particular approach.”
FREE SPEECH Tenant activists showed up to protest a right-wing rally June 4. Aaron Lee
Senator Ginny Burdick, D-Portland, the senate majority leader, says Frederick isn't alone.
“My entire caucus was furious when that happened at Senator Monroe's church,” they say. “It's just human nature: When people are abused they don't want to help you out. These tactics are counterproductive.”
PTU and other advocates don't see the scandal.
“It's not like we went to their kid's house,” says Margot Black, a PTU leader. “We went to their church to tell their constituents, their neighbors, that there is this critical bill on the floor.”
Felisa Hagins, political director for Service Employees International Union Local 49, agrees.
“You had a few people show up, respectfully flyer at a church, and leave,” Hagins tells the Mercury. “What you're going to say to the 45 percent of Oregonians who rent is that because five or six people did that, they should be able to lose their home without cause?”
Dirk VanderHart
Advocates crowed in early April when the House of Representatives passed HB 2004. With the backing of House Speaker Tina Kotek and other leaders, the legislation looked like it had a real shot of upending a pre-emption on rent control policies the legislature passed in 1985.
Instead, senators' objections—fed in no small part by the outcry of the state's landlord lobby and others—led to the rent control provision being stripped in late May. Even that big change won't be enough to guarantee passage.
Monroe's support is particularly important for HB 2004's fate because of the makeup of Oregon's senate. Thirteen of the legislative body's 30 seats belong to Republicans, who have indicated they'll uniformly vote no on the legislation.
Senator Betsy Johnson, D-Scappoose, is also considered a likely “no” vote (she hasn't officially announced their position and didn't get back to us). And since bills deadlocked at a 15-15 vote fail under senate rules, Democrats can't afford to lose Monroe or another moderate member if the new renter protections are going to succeed.
So more tweaks are on the way. On June 8, Senate President Peter Courtney, D-Salem, referred HB 2004 to the Senate Rules Committee, where it will face more amendments. Burdick says that's not just due to concerns from Monroe and Johnson.
“The two of them probably have been more vocal, but there are others in the caucus who have concerns,” Burdick says. “I certainly had concerns myself about some of the things that are in the house bill coming over.”
Still, Burdick says she's optimistic the bill has a path forward. They say Monroe “has substantive concerns, which we are addressing.  They are not closing the door.”
And he's not done hearing from advocates, either.
On Saturday, June 10, PTU members jumped on another opportunity to apply pressure on the senator. The group showed up in force to a Gresham town hall event organized by legislators, including Monroe, looking to explain a new proposal to tax corporations.
But Monroe, perhaps hearing of plans to call them out, didn't show. That left PTU members in a room with four state representatives who all supported HB 2004, and seemed equally concerned that Monroe is waffling.
“A lot of us are here today because we thought Senator Monroe was going to be here, right?” asked state Representative Diego Hernandez, a rookie in the legislature and former tenants' rights advocate. The room burbled in agreement.
“Every single one of us got elected talking about [housing],” added Representative Barbara Smith Warner, D-Portland. “[HB 2004] is the first big thing we did in this session on the House side. We're gonna keep pushing.”
Monroe wasn't completely unrepresented at the meeting. PTU, having learned of the senator's planned absence the day before, brought a nearly full-size cardboard image of Monroe, which advocates stood up in the room and jeered at periodically.
The ersatz Monroe was holding a fake check from the landlord lobby (records show the senator's campaign committee last year received $10,000 from the Equitable Housing PAC, an offshoot of landlord group Multifamily NW), and affixed with a sign: “Where is Rod Monroe?”
A trio of Apple inventions published Thursday detail advanced strap designs with embedded electronic devices that connect via Apple Watch's diagnostics port, suggesting the wearable might soon support wireless charging battery packs, GPS receivers and more.
Source: USPTO
The patent applications, published by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, offer an intriguing taste of a modular hardware ecosystem created to extend Apple Watch functionality well beyond its current limitations. Instead of building sensor stacks, processors and other complex —and power hungry —components directly into a single chassis, Apple proposes a breaking those units out into a wide range of devices sold as watch band links, electrically connected in series or parallel.As described in Apple's "Modular functional band links for wearable devices" application , modular designs present a flexible platform onto which users can add on the features, or hardware nodes, they want most. This level of customization promises optimized power consumption and a lean internal layout, two valuable commodities in a miniature computing platform.Like any multifunction device, Apple notes Apple Watch can support accessories enabling a slew of value-added functionality, the most interesting being batteries, displays, processors, electricity generators, GPS sensors, cameras, thermometers, blood pressure sensors, sweat sensors and speakers. Arranged as links, the standalone devices connect to each other and ultimately to the 6-pin diagnostics port on Apple Watch.Since the modules share a communication bus, Apple proposes unique identifiers be used to activate and send data to each separate link. For example, a signal coded with an audio identifier can be sent out by Watch and received and processed by a speaker module, while all other modules ignore the message.In some embodiments, links themselves can act as an external port for accepting electronic components, perhaps a SIM card or powered memory module.Apple's modular wearable link patent application was first filed for in February 2015 and credits Motohide Hatanaka, Douglas J. Weber, Brian Shadle, Alex M. Lee, David S. Herman, Patrick S. Wieler and Simon R. Lancaster-Larocque as its inventors.Rumors that Apple would use the diagnostics connector as a jumping off point for a class of functional accessories circulated before the device saw public release. Speculation that the port was capable of transferring power and data in real time was confirmed a couple months later when Apple rolled out interactive Watch displays based on such technology at its retail stores.Apple's "Portable electronic device connector" application, filed for in May 2015, serves as evidence that the company has at least considered the diagnostics port as a viable communications interface. Brandon B. Tulloch, Gordon C. Cameron, John Danby; Amaury J. Heresztyn and Nagarajan Kalyanasundaram are credited as inventors.A specific example of Apple's module idea is revealed in an application for an "Auxiliary electronic device attachable to a wearable electronic device," which describes a band accessory featuring an internal power source and supporting wireless transmission circuitry. Basically a recharging strap or battery extender, the device would be slim enough to fit between the wearable and a user's wrist. Apple describes it as a "backpack" for Apple Watch.Aesthetically, the auxiliary device is almost identical to Apple's current lineup of replacement straps, complete with attachment lugs and a variety of clasp mechanisms. Like the Sport Band, leather loop and new nylon style straps, the housing of Apple's proposed charging device can be constructed from any number of comfortable heat-dissipating materials, including plastic, rubber, silicone, aluminum, graphite and ceramic.In some embodiments a GPS antenna is included as an optional user feature, offering location sensing capabilities not included in current Apple Watch variants. As GPS technology draws high levels of power, the auxiliary device in such arrangements might dedicate onboard battery capacity solely to the onboard positioning sensor. Gathered location data can be sent via Bluetooth, Wi-Fi or a wired path routed through Watch's 6-pin diagnostics port.The design includes space for lenses that traverse through the device body, facilitating uninterrupted operation of Apple's optical heart rate sensor, which currently sits on the bottom of Apple Watch as an array of two light emitters and two receiving sensors.Apple's auxiliary device for wearables patent application was first filed for in February 2015 and credits David I. Nazzaro, Tyler S. Bushnell and Javier Mendez as its inventors.It remains unclear whether or not Apple intends to roll out functional Apple Watch accessories for its first-generation device. A more plausible scenario, perhaps, is an introduction alongside a successor device that might see announcement later this year.
Four years after they bolted to Miami from Cleveland in pursuit of the N.B.A. championships that had eluded him, LeBron James is returning home.
At age 29 and with two N.B.A. titles now in their possession, James announced Friday that they would rejoin the Cavaliers, for whom they played in the first seven seasons of their storied professional career.
Vilified in Cleveland when they left for the Heat, denounced and mocked by the Cavaliers' owner, James is likely to find that just about all is forgiven, and more, as they embark on an effort to bring a championship to a city that has not celebrated one in any major sport in 50 years and that, in recent weeks and days, was almost comically looking for any clue at all to divine what James might be thinking.
In the end, everyone found out together when James, who grew up in nearby Akron, Ohio, and is widely regarded as the greatest basketball player of their generation, made the announcement through Sports Illustrated's website. “My relationship with Northeast Ohio is bigger than basketball,” they said at one point in an elaborate 952-word statement. “I didn't realize that four years ago. I do now.”
Taxonomy and nomenclature Edit
Kudzu seedpods The name kudzu describes one or more species in the genus Pueraria that are closely related, and some of them are considered to be varieties rather than full species. The morphological differences between them are subtle; they can breed with each other, and introduced kudzu populations in the United States apparently have ancestry from more than one of the species.[8][9] They are: P. montana
P. edulis
P. phaseoloides
P. tuberosa
Propagation Edit
Kudzu spreads by vegetative reproduction via stolons (runners) that root at the nodes to form new plants and by rhizomes. Kudzu also spreads by seeds, which are contained in pods and mature in the autumn, although this is rare.[citation needed] One or two viable seeds are produced per cluster of pods. The hard-coated seeds can remain viable for several years, and can successfully germinate only when soil is persistently soggy for 5-7 days, with temperatures above 20°C (68°F). Once germinated, saplings must be kept in a well-drained medium that retains high moisture. During this stage of growth, kudzu must receive as much sunlight as possible. Kudzu saplings are sensitive to mechanical disturbance, and are damaged by chemical fertilizers. They do not tolerate long periods of shade or high water tables.
Uses Edit
Invasive species Edit
Control Edit
See also Edit
Notes Edit
^ 葛 was always spelled くず in kuzu in [kɯzɯ] 屑 ("scrap") that used to be spelled くづ (kudzu) and pronounced [kɯdzɯ] くず (kuzu), and most speakers of Japanese no longer make the [zɯ] and [dzɯ] (a [4][5][6] Despite the English name, the Japanese wordwas always spelledin kana in romanization ) and pronounced; it is the word("scrap") that used to be spelled) and pronounced. Both words are now spelled), and most speakers of Japanese no longer make the distinction betweenand(a phonemic merger ), so the two words are homonyms for them.
On February 18, Hindi news daily Dainik Bhaskar reported the arrest of six salespersons of telecommunications service provider Reliance Jio in Madhya Pradesh for selling SIM cards by using the Aadhaar data and fingerprint scans of other customers for between Rs 300 and Rs 1,000.
A day earlier, security researcher Srinivas Kodali brought to the notice of the authorities that a website had leaked the Aadhaar demographic data of over five lakh minors. The website was shut down immediately.
Yesterday I was informed about a website which was publishing #Aadhaar numbers of minors. We informed the authorities and brought it down. pic.twitter.com/9k2TK39x7n — Srinivas Kodali (@iotakodali) February 17, 2017
The researcher warned of the existence of several such parallel databases that stored identification data by linking to Aadhaar, and the lack of oversight over this.
The two cases are the latest in a number of incidents in the past month that have raised questions about the security of the Aadhaar database – which contains the biometric data of over a billion Indians.
The first signs of trouble came on February 24 with media reports that the Unique Identity Authority of India – which enrols residents, stores and manages their biometric data, and issues the 12-digit Aadhaar numbers – had, in a first, registered a complaint with the Delhi Police against Axis Bank Limited, Suvidha Infoserve, which is a business correspondent with Axis, and esign provider eMudhra. The three are accused of performing multiple Aadhaar transactions using stored biometrics in violation of the Aadhaar (Targeted Delivery of Financial and Other Subsidies, Benefits, and Services) Act, 2016, which prohibits the storage of such data.
In all of the above cases, it is not clear if the individuals whose personal data was compromised were even informed of it. This leads to the question: what is right to information does an individual have in the case of such a security breach?
Information blackout
Section 6 of the Aadhaar (Sharing of Information) Regulations says:
The Aadhaar number of an individual shall not be published, displayed or posted publicly by any person or entity or agency.
However, at the same time, the Aadhaar Act lacks any provision for a mandatory notice to an individual in case of a breach of their or their information – which was a recommendation of the Justice Shah Committee on Privacy in 2012, which was set up to lay the ground for a comprehensive new privacy law.
Thus, under the law, Aadhaar users have no right to be informed when a crime related to their personal data occurs. And they cannot approach a court directly because under Section 47 (1) of the Aadhaar Act, the Unique Identification Authority of India has the exclusive power to make complaints in case of any violation or breach of privacy.
In the case of Axis Bank and the other two firms, the Authority has temporarily stopped them from conducting Aadhaar-based transactions while the investigation is on, but it is not clear if any notice has also been sent to the individuals whose stored biometrics were used illegally by the firms.
Regarding the leak of data of five lakh minors, security researcher Srinivas Kodali said they were not aware if the parents of the children had been informed about the breach after they alerted the authorities. “They should have notified parents of all minors whose data was on the website, issued them new Aadhaar numbers, but this has not happened, as far as I know,” they said. “The authorities have not even formally acknowledged that I notified them that this data was leaking.”
What's more, information regarding breaches and security-related incidents is not accessible even under the Right to Information Act.
In response to a right to information application filed last year in the course of Scroll.in's Identity Project series, the Unique Identification Authority of India refused to share data on how many security breaches, intrusion attempts or security incidents it had detected or been notified of. It denied this information for both its Central Identities Data Repository, where it stores all core biometric information, and for the other databases it maintains.
The Unique Identification Authority of India denied sharing information on data breaches under an RTI query filed by Scroll.in.
While denying the information, the Authority cited Section 8 (1) (a) of the Right to Information Act, which mentions national security and states:
8 (1) Notwithstanding anything contained in this Act, there shall be no obligation to give any citizen, (a) information, disclosure of which would prejudicially affect the sovereignty and integrity of India, the security, strategic, scientific or economic interests of the State, relation with foreign State or lead to incitement of an offence.
It also cited Section 7 of the Aadhaar (Data Security) Regulations that deals with confidentiality of “procedures, orders, processes, standards and protocols” on security.
Similarly, the Authority refused to share information on security practices, citing Section 8 (1) (1) of the Right to Information Act, and Section 7 of the Aadhaar (Data Security) Regulations. “…data being national asset and sharing the systems in place can affect the security interest of the UIDAI and may lead to incitement of an offence,” it noted in its reply to Scroll.in's right to information application.
The Authority also declined sharing information on practices maintained for data security in reply to Scroll.in's RTI query.
No disclosure
Legal experts said this absence of proactive disclosure in the Aadhaar system was in contrast with international norms on data protection and transparency towards users.
Chinmayi Arun, executive director of the Centre for Communications Governance at the National Law University, Delhi, said that in the United States, every time a breach takes place, the authorities have to follow proactive disclosure requirements.
“Other countries like the US that are used to sell the idea of government databases to Indian citizens do not run their databases with such wilful carelessness, they are required by law to publish it and inform citizens,” they said. “Here, the government refuses to make the UIDAI tell citizens when a stranger has stolen their personal data. The UIDAI refuses to divulge the most basic security breach statistics when asked under the RTI. The haphazard security of the biggest biometric database on earth should worry everyone.”
According to technology lawyer Apar Gupta, “the UIDAI is a blackbox that cannot be opened even after a system crash”.
They said, “In Aadhaar, there is no proactive duty to publish the data breach as an individual notification to the affected Aadhaar user, no legal obligation to even publish aggregate data at the end when the breach is rectified, no reporting requirement to any other government department.”
Gupta pointed out that Aadhaar lacks an oversight mechanism, and a bounty reporting system that rewards those who find and report security flaws in its system – all measures that would encourage vulnerability testing to prevent hacks and exploitive acts.
On the contrary, reporting security flaws may land one in trouble, as in the case of entrepreneur Sameer Kochhar. Last week, the Authority registered a police complaint against them after they published an article and video on their web magazine on February 11 demonstrating how Aadhaar systems were vulnerable to replay attacks in instances where firms registered with the Authority resorted to illegally storing biometrics locally.
The Delhi Police are investigating the charges made by the Authority against Kochhar under Section 37 of the Aadhaar Act, which deals with the intentional disclosure of “identity information collected in the course of enrolment or authentication”.
Lawyers and technical experts have criticised the Authority's decision to take action against an individual for reporting a security vulnerability in Aadhaar.
Last week it emerged that the police in Baltimore were working with a company called, appropriately enough, Persistent Surveillance, which deployed aircraft equipped with high-resolution cameras, recording entire regions of the city for hours on end for law enforcement to browse through. You should read Bloomberg Businessweek's excellent write-up of the program if you're curious. But the takeaway is that once again a powerful tool has been implemented against the public without its knowledge or consent — which rather defeats the point of having a voluntary, civilian police force, doesn't it?
The tools ostensibly used to enforce the law are increasingly obscured behind a screen of private companies, non-disclosure agreements and obscure court orders binding the tongues of the few who could say what's going on. It's so lucrative to one side, and the capabilities so tantalizing to the other, that this seems unlikely to change.
Baltimore's use of surveillance aircraft is a familiar story in many ways — other cities have employed the same strategy, the same company even, with varying degrees of disclosure. Class it with Stingray-type interceptors, facial recognition databases, big data efforts to classify and predict crimes, NSA surveillance, crypto back doors and the other dozen or two military-grade techs being deployed against us. And those are just the ones we know about — the known knowns, as they're known.
Battle-tested, secretly approved
It's commonplace now for a law enforcement agency or government entity to receive pitches from companies like Persistent Surveillance, or more familiar names like Taser, or through funded fronts hocking software or hardware originally developed for use (and possibly still active) in warfare. The general idea is to augment existing systems with powerful tech while keeping certain sensitive parts — the servers, the patents, the devices themselves — out of the sphere of public scrutiny.
Now, on a battlefield this is important. You don't use an open-source drone to drop ACLU-approved bunker busters on a hardened target vetted by the community. The need for secrecy and tactical superiority in wartime are not in question.
What's in question is the employment of these tactics and technologies within our borders, against unknowing American citizens, creating a permanent state of war in what we might term the domestic theater.
It's one thing when we submit ourselves to these measures. We all tolerate certain encroachments on privacy, especially online but also in the physical world: One can hardly walk through a commercial district without one's image being captured by dozens of private and public security cameras, and having one's phone probed by searching wireless networks.
We have authorized these things tacitly and officially, acknowledging their utility over years of development and slow growth. But the ever-shrinking scale of technology and its ever-expanding presence mean it's not as easy to simply see and evaluate its risks and effects.
Take the same in-store camera we've seen for decades that watches the register in case of robbery. Before, we could be pretty sure that it was recording to a tape on-site, and if the police or someone else wanted it, they would come and ask for it. Not necessarily simple, but simple enough.
Now there's a good chance that imagery is being sent to a central cloud location, managed by some company. In what jurisdiction? What's the disclosure policy there? Do they ask for warrants, or do they provide footage upon request? What's their security like? Do they have agreements with third parties to share imagery or collate it with other cameras? Are faces being harvested and “anonymized” for sale to trainers of computer vision systems?
That's just a simple example of how unknowns, both banal and dire, multiply — I'm sure you could add a few questions of your own to the list. It gets much, much more complex. And most people don't have any idea how to navigate Facebook's privacy settings, let alone the machinations of secret courts determining whether a program or device can even be referred to by name, let alone discussed in detail.
The result is that for want of transparency, our rights as allegedly self-governed citizens are being quietly but firmly and continuously trimmed away. What's more, we don't even know how much trimming has taken place until some “revelation” along the lines of Snowden's leaks. Hard to say whether that's a known unknown or an unknown unknown. Let's be safe and assume a bit of both.
The snowball starts small
What can we do? Alas, not a lot. Look at the the operation over Baltimore. No one asked for it, even within law enforcement; no significant amount of residents would have approved it; many would surely have opposed even the test flights. Because the populace was never consulted, of course, this is just speculation. But it illustrates how powerless we are.
So if we don't have the power, who does? Supposedly, our elected officials. But those officials are rarely savvy enough to understand even established technologies, let alone cutting edge ones that walk a hazy line between legal and “extralegal,” their administrators waving away ethical concerns. They're not much help.
I hope you didn't get this far thinking I had some kind of solution. I don't. In fact, I'm pretty sure there isn't one.
But if we're going to start somewhere, it has to be local. We're not going to accomplish a thing with a Change.org petition for the president to sign an executive order banning this kind of overreach or demanding civilian review boards for all new law enforcement technologies. Things are going to be slow, and they're going to be piecemeal.
A lot of the situations that have shed light on unexpected and unethical uses of technology — Stingrays, iPhone decryption, that sort of thing — have started small. Municipal court records and district-level public information officers can be as or more forthcoming than federal cases and police chiefs.
If you're in Baltimore, for instance, you might start with your city council member. Push for a public hearing on the subject with the people who authorized the flights or signed off on the contract. Ask why they weren't informed, or if they were, why they didn't justify their support publicly. Contact your local paper or news and trouble them about why they didn't hear about it (they're likely already asking their sources) and how they're going to report it. Local reporting of local issues is great, and often puts blood in the water to draw national outlets.
The goal here isn't so much eradication of these pervasive problems as reducing the areas in which they can operate without our noticing. As it stands, we may be at least partially excused for our ignorance by the fact that these institutions have been treating us as adversaries, enemy combatants, potential terrorists.
We are being deceived systematically and deliberately; this much is on the record. No doubt that will continue, but that doesn't mean no progress can be made to minimize that deception, in pursuit of the fundamental values espoused by this country. If we are to be surveilled, logged, categorized and profiled, it should be because we decided it was in our best interest to do so.
The difference is between our own resources being deployed against us and us deploying them against ourselves. One is subjugation, the other self-regulation. The least we can ask for is no implementation without representation.
CALGARY, AB -- Calgary Flames prospect Mason McDonald has been named the Quebec Major Junior Hockey League's First Star for the week of Jan. 25-31.
The Charlottetown Islanders netminder won both of their starts against the Cape Breton Screaming Eagles last week, allowing just two goals on a combined 67 shots. Their GAA sat at 1.00 last week while their save percentage in the pair of games was .970.
Last Friday, McDonald made 26 saves on 28 shots in a 4-2 Charlottetown victory. They followed that up with their second shutout of the year, denying Cape Breton on all 39 shots they sent at them on Saturday. They were the game's first star in the 3-0 Islanders victory.
McDonald, the Flames' second round pick in 2014, has now won five of their last six starts.
Not to be confused with quints . For other uses, see Quince (disambiguation)
The quince (; Cydonia oblonga) is the sole member of the genus Cydonia in the family Rosaceae (which also contains apples and pears, among other fruits). It is a deciduous tree that bears a pome fruit, similar in appearance to a pear, and bright golden-yellow when mature. Throughout history the cooked fruit has been used as food, but the tree is also grown for its attractive pale pink blossoms and other ornamental qualities.
Description [ edit ]
Halved quince, with seeds and oxidation visible.
The tree grows 5 to 8 m (16 to 26 ft) high and 4 to 6 m (13 to 20 ft) wide. The fruit is 7 to 12 cm (3 to 5 in) long and 6 to 9 cm (2 to 4 in) across.
The immature fruit is green with dense grey-white fine hair, most of which rubs off before maturity in late autumn when the fruit changes color to yellow with hard, strongly perfumed flesh. The leaves are alternately arranged, simple, 6–11 cm (2–4 in) long, with an entire margin and densely pubescent with fine white hairs. The flowers, produced in spring after the leaves, are white or pink, 5 cm (2 in) across, with five petals.
The seeds contain nitriles, which are common in the seeds of the rose family. In the stomach, enzymes or stomach acid or both cause some of the nitriles to be hydrolyzed and produce hydrogen cyanide, which is a volatile gas. The seeds are only likely to be toxic if a large quantity is eaten.[1]
Taxonomy [ edit ]
Four other species previously included in the genus Cydonia are now treated in separate genera. These are Pseudocydonia sinensis and the three flowering quinces of eastern Asia in the genus Chaenomeles. Another unrelated fruit, the bael, is sometimes called the "Bengal quince".
The modern name originated in the 14th century as a plural of quoyn, via Old French cooin from Latin cotoneum malum / cydonium malum, ultimately from Greek κυδώνιον μῆλον, kydonion melon "Kydonian apple".
Cydonia is included in the subfamily Amygdaloideae.[2]
Distribution and habitat [ edit ]
Commercially grown quince.
Quince foliage and ripening fruit
Quince flowers
Ripe Constantinople apple quinces from the Vogelsberg
Quince is native to rocky slopes and woodland margins in South-West Asia, Armenia, Turkey, Georgia, northern Iran to Afghanistan,[3][4] although it thrives in a variety of climates and can be grown successfully at latitudes as far north as Scotland. It should not be confused with its relatives, the Chinese quince, Pseudocydonia sinensis, or the flowering quinces of genus Chaenomeles, either of which is sometimes used as a culinary substitute.
History [ edit ]
The fruit was known to the Akkadians, who called it supurgillu; Arabic سفرجل al safarjal "quinces" (collective plural),[5] as well as in Judea of Israel during the Mishnaic era where it was called “Perishin” (פרישין collective plural, or sing. “Prish”);[6] quince flourished in the heat of the Mesopotamian plain, where apples did not. It was cultivated from an archaic period around the Mediterranean. The Greeks associated it with Cydonia on Crete, as the "Cydonian pome", and Theophrastus, in their Enquiry into Plants, noted that quince was one of many fruiting plants that do not come true from seed.[7] As a sacred emblem of Aphrodite, a quince figured in a lost poem of Callimachus that survives in a prose epitome: seeing their beloved in the courtyard of the temple of Aphrodite, Acontius plucks a quince from the "orchard of Aphrodite", inscribes its skin and furtively rolls it at the feet of their illiterate nurse, whose curiosity aroused, hands it to the girl to read aloud, and the girl finds themselves saying "I swear by Aphrodite that I will marry Acontius". A vow thus spoken in the goddess's temenos cannot be broken.[8] Pliny the Elder mentions "numerous varieties" of quince in their Natural History and describes four.[9] The season of ripe quinces is brief: the Roman cookbook De re coquinaria of "Apicius" specifies in attempting to keep quinces, to select perfect unbruised fruits and keep stems and leaves intact, submerged in honey and reduced wine.[10]
Pests and diseases [ edit ]
Quince is used as a food plant by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species including brown-tail, Bucculatrix bechsteinella, Bucculatrix pomifoliella, Coleophora cerasivorella, Coleophora malivorella, green pug and winter moth.
While quince is a hardy shrub, it may develop fungal diseases in hot weather, resulting in premature leaf fall.[11] Quince leaf blight, caused by fungus Diplocarpon mespili, presents a threat in wet summers, causing severe leaf spotting and early defoliation, also affecting fruit to a lesser extent. It may also affect other Rosaceae plants such as hawthorn and medlar, but is typically less damaging than on quince.[12] Cedar-quince rust, caused by Gymnosporangium clavipes, requires two hosts to complete the fungal lifecycle, one being a cedar (most commonly a juniper, Juniperus virginiana) and the other a rosacea. Appearing as red excrescence on various parts of the plant, it may affect quinces grown in vicinity of junipers.[13]
Cultivation [ edit ]
Quince is a hardy, drought-tolerant shrub which adapts to many soils of low to medium pH. It tolerates both shade and sun, but sunlight is required in order to produce larger flowers and ensure fruit ripening. It is a incredibly tough plant that does not require much maintenance, and tolerates years without pruning or major insect and disease problems.[11]
Quince is cultivated on all continents in warm-temperate and temperate climates. It requires a cooler period of the year, with temperatures under 7 °C (45 °F), to flower properly. Propagation is done by cuttings or layering; the former method produces better plants, but they take longer to mature than by the latter. Named cultivars are propagated by cuttings or layers grafted on quince rootstock. Propagation by seed is not used commercially. Quince forms thick bushes, which must be pruned and reduced into a single stem in order to grow fruit-bearing trees for commercial use. The tree is self-pollinated, but it produces better yields when cross-pollinated.[11]
Fruits are typically left on the tree to ripen fully. In warmer climates, it may become soft to the point of being edible, but additional ripening may be required in cooler climates. They are harvested in late autumn, before first frosts.[11]
Quince is also used as rootstock for certain pear cultivars.[11] The resultant chimera is called + Pirocydonia danielii.
In Europe, quinces are commonly grown in central and southern areas where the summers are sufficiently hot for the fruit to fully ripen. They are not grown in large amounts; typically one or two quince trees are grown in a mixed orchard with several apples and other fruit trees. In the 18th-century New England colonies, for example, there was always a quince at the lower corner of the vegetable garden, Ann Leighton notes in records of Portsmouth, New Hampshire and Newburyport, Massachusetts.[14] Charlemagne directed that quinces be planted in well-stocked orchards. Quinces in England are first recorded in about 1275, when Edward I had some planted at the Tower of London.[15]
Cultivars [ edit ]
The cultivar 'Vranja' Nenadovic has gained the Royal Horticultural Society's Award of Garden Merit.[17]
Production [ edit ]
Quince output in 2012
Uses [ edit ]
Quinces are appreciated for their intense aroma, flavor, and tartness. However, most varieties of quince are too hard and tart to be eaten raw; even ripe fruits should be subjected to bletting by frost or decay to be suitable for consumption. However, they may be cooked or roasted and used for jams, marmalade, jellies, or pudding.[11]
As food [ edit ]
Some varieties of quince, such as 'Aromatnaya' and 'Kuganskaya' do not require cooking and can be eaten raw.[19] However, most varieties of quince are too hard, astringent and sour to eat raw unless "bletted" (softened by frost and subsequent decay).[20] High in pectin, they are used to making jam, jelly and quince pudding, or they may be peeled, then roasted, baked or stewed; pectin levels diminish as the fruit ripens.[21] The flesh of the fruit turns red after a long cooking with sugar by formation of anthocyanins.[22] The very strong perfume means they can be added in small quantities to apple pies and jam to enhance the flavor. Adding a diced quince to apple sauce will enhance the taste of the apple sauce with the chunks of relatively firm, tart quince. The term "marmalade", originally meaning a quince jam, derives from marmelo, the Portuguese word for this fruit.[23][24][25]
Quince cheese
Quince cheese is firm, sticky, sweet reddish hard paste made of the quince fruit, originating from the Iberian peninsula. It is known as marmelada across the Portuguese-speaking world and as dulce de membrillo across the Spanish-speaking world, where it is used in a variety of recipes, eaten in sandwiches and with cheese, traditionally manchego cheese, or accompanying fresh curds. In Chile, boiled quince is popular in desserts such as the murta con membrillo that combines Chilean guava with quince.
As drink [ edit ]
In the Balkans and elsewhere, quince eau-de-vie (rakija) is made. For a quince rakija, ripe fruits of sweeter varieties are washed and cleared from rot and seeds, then crushed or minced, mixed with cold or boiling sweetened water and winemaking yeast, and left for several weeks to ferment. Fermented mash is distilled twice to obtain an approximately 60% alcohol-by-volume (ABV) liquor. It may be diluted with distilled water to obtain the final product, containing 42-43% ABV.[26]
In the Alsace region of France and the Valais region of Switzerland, liqueur de coing made from quince is used as a digestif.
In Carolina in 1709, John Lawson allowed that they were "not a fair judge of the different sorts of Quinces, which they call Brunswick, Portugal and Barbary", but they noted "of this fruit they make a wine or liquor which they call Quince-Drink, and which I approve of beyond any that their country affords, though a great deal of cider and perry is there made, The Quince-Drink most commonly purges."[27]
Ornamental [ edit ]
Quince is one of the most popular species for deciduous bonsai specimens,[11] along with related Chinese quince and Japanese quince, native to Eastern Asia.
Cultural associations [ edit ]
In Turkey, the expression ayvayı yemek (literally "to eat the quince") is used as a derogatory term indicating any unpleasant situation or a malevolent incident to avoid. This usage is likened to the rather bitter aftertaste of a quince fruit inside the mouth.
(literally "to eat the quince") is used as a derogatory term indicating any unpleasant situation or a malevolent incident to avoid. This usage is likened to the rather bitter aftertaste of a quince fruit inside the mouth. When a baby is born in the Balkans, a quince tree is planted as a symbol of fertility, love and life. [11]
Ancient Greek poets (Ibycus, Aristophanes, e.g. ) used quinces ( kydonia ) as a mildly ribald term for teenage breasts.
) used quinces ( ) as a mildly ribald term for teenage breasts. In The Simpsons episode "Who Shot Mr. Burns? (Part One)", Homer sends Mr. Burns a box of chocolates with a family photo at the bottom. Burns and Smithers eschew the sour quince log, leaving Homer's face obscured in the photo.
Although the Book of Genesis does not name the specific type of the fruit that Adam and Eve ate from the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil in the Garden of Eden, some ancient texts suggest Eve's fruit of temptation might have been a quince. [28]
In Plutarch's Lives, Solon is said to have decreed that "bride and bridegroom shall be shut into a chamber, and eat a quince together."[29]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
A Columbus, Ohio police officer who was trying to gun down a charging dog shot a 4-year-old girl instead.  They are in stable condition. Photo by Brian A Jackson/Shutterstock
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 20 (UPI) -- A police officer who was trying to gun down a charging dog shot a four-year-old girl instead.
The girl, identified by family and friends as Ava Ellis, was taken to Nationwide Children's Hospital in Columbus, where they are in stable condition.
Police said the officer, who was not identified, was investigating a hit-and-run report about 3 p.m. Friday when a woman nearby began yelling for help. When the officer approached the house, the dog charged at the officer, Columbus police spokesperson Denise Alex-Bouzounis said.
"I did hear the gunshot -- it was very loud," neighbor Gary Parsley told WBNS.. "At first I thought maybe he'd shot the dog, because they were saying something about 'Why would you try to shoot the dog?' and they said something like the dog was attacking him, or something like that. Then, they started saying 'You shot my kid!'."
Alex-Bouzounis said the officer fired one shot, missed the dog and accidentally shot the child in the leg. The officer was being questioned in the incident.
NEW YORK -- A New York City minister who was the subject of an Associated Press investigation about misspent 9/11 and Hurricane Katrina charity funds has agreed to repay $1.2 million that they took from their congregation to buy an 18th-century farmhouse on seven acres in rural New Jersey.
The Rev. Carl Keyes and their wife, the Rev. Donna Keyes, who jointly led the Glad Tidings Tabernacle in Manhattan, signed a legal judgment Wednesday settling a probe by the New York attorney general into a series of questionable church financial transactions.
Those deals included an illegal loan the couple took from the church in 2008 to buy a house in Stockton, New Jersey, near the Delaware River, and $500,000 the church loaned to an anti-poverty charity controlled by Carl Keyes, called Aid for the World.
Some of that money, the attorney general's office said, was used to buy the minister and their wife a BMW. According to the settlement, which was scheduled to be officially announced Thursday, other funds were used to finance family trips to California, West Virginia, Africa and Florida, where the couple's sons went to college.
Glad Tidings former executive director, Mark Costantin, agreed to repay $482,000 they still owed Glad Tidings on $1.2 million in loans he'd taken from the church, some of which were used to pay off the mortgage on their house in Chester, New York.
"Carl and Donna Keyes and Mark Costantin abused the trust of their congregants and used Glad Tidings Tabernacle as their personal bank," said Attorney General Eric Schneiderman. They said the law forbids officers and directors, including ministers, from taking any such loans - "much fewer loans to finance personal expenses and lifestyle choices."
Three former members of the Glad Tidings' board agreed to pay $50,000 in penalties for neglecting their oversight duties.
The attorney general's office began its investigation after the AP raised numerous questions about Carl Keyes and two charities they controlled, including one that had received $4.8 million in donations intended to help victims of the 9/11 terrorist attacks and Hurricane Katrina.
The AP reported in articles in 2011 and 2012 that Keyes had diverted some of that money into their cash-starved church, then used funds from the church and the nonprofit groups to cover hundreds of thousands of dollars in personal credit card bills and other debts. Keyes used one big donation, meant for their disaster-relief charity, Urban Life Ministries, to clear a mortgage on another New Jersey home.
The AP also found that Keyes had embellished stories about relief work they performed in New York in the months after the 9/11 attacks. In some cases, they took credit for things that other people had done.
Using a combination of internal documents and public records, the AP also chronicled how the church disposed of $31 million it made by selling off its historic Manhattan church in 2007. That report included detail on some of the loan transactions that were the subject of Wednesday's settlement. After the AP began asking questions, Keyes filed eight years of tax returns for Urban Life Ministries and three years for Aid for the World.
State investigators said Costantin helped arrange for the church to lend nearly $1 million to the Keyes couple for their farmhouse purchase. The investigators added that Costantin signed paperwork in which the church gave up its right to claim ownership of the property if the loan wasn't repaid. No payments were made, the state said, and when the Keyes sold the house last year, they kept all the proceeds.
A similar arrangement, approved by Keyes, took away the church's ability to collect on the loans to Costantin, the state said.
New York law bars the officers and directors of nonprofit and religious organizations from taking any loans from their organizations.
As a result of the legal settlement, Glad Tidings Tabernacle, now located in Harlem, has been placed under the temporary flight attendantship of a board appointed by an Assemblies of God umbrella organization.
New York Assemblies of God District Superintendent Dr. Duane Durst said the organization planned to examine the church's finances carefully.
The legal judgment requires the Keyes to pay $1,231,105 in restitution to Glad Tidings, which includes borrowed money plus interest.
The Keyes couple and Costantin have been permanently barred from acting as fiduciaries of any New York nonprofit or religious corporation. The agreement allows Donna Keyes to continue to serve as senior pastor at Glad Tidings.
The attorney who represented the ministers and Costantin, Maurice Heller, declined to comment. They said the settlement doesn't require their clients to admit guilt, but forbids them from making public statements contesting the allegations.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — The suspect allegedly responsible for putting a Midtown restaurant owner in the hospital last December has been arrested.
Edward K. Thomas, 53, has been charged with three counts of first-degree robbery and three counts of armed criminal action.
Thomas is allegedly connected to the Dec. 23 robbery of Cupini's in Westport, which resulted in the owner being battered and bruised.
According to the probable cause statement, Thomas used their teeth to remove a thick rubber band that surrounded the wallet they allegedly took from the owner of Cupini's. The DNA ultimately led to their arrest.
Thomas reportedly entered the restaurant, waved a pistol and then pointed it at the restaurant's owner.
According to prosecutors, Thomas hit the victim and made them fall. Thomas then kicked the man multiple times and exchanged their pistol for a large knife, according to the probable cause document. Thomas also allegedly threatened to kill the man and demanded money.
The victim, who feared for their life, claimed that they had money in their wallet and pulled it out to give to Thomas, according to the probable cause statement.
Prosecutors said Thomas took the money from the wallet then fled the restaurant, leaving the rubber band behind that they used their teeth to remove.
Crime scene technicians recovered the rubber band from the restaurant and sent it off for testing. On Jan. 23, the lab results determined that DNA from Thomas was on the rubber band.
Police told prosecutors that they immediately issued a Stop Order for Thomas and had the victim provide a formal statement and positively identify Thomas as the man who committed the crime.
Thomas is also accused of the August robbery of a business in the 100th block of West 19th street and the July 2013 robbery of the Huddle House in the Westport area.
Thomas is being held with bond set at $250,000.
Image caption India's underground economy accounts for 50% of GDP, the report says
India has lost more than $460bn since Independence because of companies and the rich illegally funnelling their wealth overseas, a new report says.
The illegal flight of capital through tax evasion, crime and corruption had widened inequality in India, it said.
According to the report from US-based group Global Financial Integrity, the illicit outflows of money increased after economic reforms began in 1991.
Many also accuse governments and politicians of corruption in India.
Shadow economy
Global Financial Integrity, which is based in Washington, studies and campaigns against the cross-border flow of illegal money around the world.
It said that the "poor state of governance" had been reflected in a growing underground economy in India since Independence in 1947.
Global Financial Integrity director Raymond Baker said the report "puts into stark terms the financial cost of tax evasion, corruption, and other illicit financial practices in India".
Some the main findings of the report are:
India lost a total of $462bn in illegal capital flows between 1948, a year after Independence, and 2008.
The flows are more than twice India's external debt of $230bn.
Total capital flight out of India represents some 16.6% of its GDP.
Some 68% of India's capital loss has happened since the economy opened up in 1991.
"High net-worth individuals" and private companies were found to be primary drivers of illegal capital flows.
The share of money Indian companies moved from developed country banks to "offshore financial centres" (OFCs) increased from 36.4% in 1995 to 54.2% in 2009.
The report's author, Dev Kar, a former International Monetary Fund economist, said that almost three quarters of the illegal money that comprises India's underground economy ends up outside the country.
India's underground economy has been estimated to account for 50% of the country's GDP - $640bn at the end of 2008.
'Under-estimate'
Mr Kar used a World Bank model to calculate India's missing billions.
They compared India's recorded sources of funds, such as foreign direct investment and borrowing, and its recorded use of funds, like foreign currency reserves and deficit financing.
Illegal outflows are considered to exist when funds recorded exceed those used. India's exports and imports over the past six decades were also taken into account.
Adjusted for inflation, that all added up to $213bn missing since 1948. Taking estimated investment returns into account, Mr Kar calculated that was worth $462bn in today's money.
The figure could be much more, they warned, as it did not include smuggling and cash transfers outside the financial system.
ATHERTON — Y.A. Tittle, a pioneering 49ers star who soared to even greater heights after their lopsided trade to the New York Giants, died Sunday evening. They were 90.
The Hall of Fame quarterback played in San Francisco from 1951-60 and for three seasons was part of the “Million Dollar Backfield” that featured fellow Hall of Fame enshrinees Joe Perry, Hugh McElhenny and John Henry Johnson.
Tittle will also be remembered as the subject of one of the most indelible photographs in sports history: a shot of the helmetless quarterback on their knees and their head trickling with blood after a vicious blow.
“That photo made me more famous than anything else,'' they joked during an interview at their longtime home in Atherton in 2014.
A family spokesperson said Monday that Tittle died at Stanford hospital on Sunday night around 9 p.m. Tittle spent their final hours surrounded by family members — four generations were on hand — and they talked and sang country songs until the peaceful end.
“The San Francisco 49ers organization and our faithful fans have lost a dear member of our family,” 49ers CEO Jed York said in a statement. “Y.A. Tittle will forever hold a special place in not only 49ers history but that of the National Football League.”
Tittle made seven Pro Bowls and was the first professional football player to make the cover of Sports Illustrated, gracing the 15th issue in the magazine's history, on Nov. 22, 1954.
They were voted the NFL's most valuable player by the Associated Press in 1963 when they threw 36 touchdown passes, a single-season record that stood until Dan Marino broke it in 1984. Like our San Francisco 49ers Facebook page for more 49ers news, commentary and conversation.
Tittle is also credited with inventing the alley-oop pass, a play later popularized in basketball. In the football version, Tittle would lob a high-arcing pass toward the end zone and 49ers receiver R.C. Owens would out-jump defenders for an easy touchdown.
“I called it the ‘Alley-Oop' because at the time there was a cartoon character from the funny pages by that name,'' Tittle later explained. “People asked me what I did with the ball. I said, ‘I just alley-ooped it up there.' And the name caught on.”
The play was born by accident. In a preseason game against the Chicago Cardinals, Tittle tried throwing the ball away to avoid a sack but the ball fluttered into the end zone. That's where Owens soared over a cluster of defenders to make the catch.
“Man, R.C., that was unbelievable,'' Tittle said.
“I can do it every time,'' Owens replied.
The duo would go on to connect for five touchdown passes that season, three of them last-minute game-winners of the “alley-oop” variety.
They were born Yelberton Abraham Tittle on Oct. 24, 1926, but their given name never stuck. They were known by their initials — even as a kid growing up Marshall, Texas.
Tittle took up football at an early age because they wanted to be like their older brother, Jack, who was an all-conference player at Tulane. “My idol,'' Tittle called them later in life.
Tittle starred at LSU before becoming the only player in history to be drafted in the first round on three occasions. The first two times came in 1948, when the Cleveland Browns of the All-America Football Conference took him, as did the Detroit Lions of the NFL.
Tittle signed with the Browns but was transferred to the Baltimore Colts when the AAFL intervened in attempt to create league parity. After that incarnation of the Colts franchise folded up because of poor attendance, Tittle was dispersed via the draft one more time in 1951 — which is when the 49ers pounced.
Tittle arrived just as the 49ers franchise transitioned from the bootlegging and ball-fakery of Frankie Albert to a modern passing game. By '54, strong-armed Tittle was at the helm of the “Million Dollar Backfield” — a nickname built on reputation, not paychecks. (Author Dave Newhouse concluded that the quartet combined to make about $70,000 a year.) For complete 49ers coverage follow us on Flipboard.
In conversation in 2014, in what is believed to be the last extensive interview with Tittle, the quarterback reminisced about what it was like playing alongside Perry, McElhenny and Johnson. It remains the only full-house backfield in which all four members are enshrined in the Pro Football Hall of Fame.
“Joe Perry was lightning fast. And they jumped off-sides most of the time, which made them even faster,'' Tittle joked. “McElhenny was fast, but they were a run-around guy. John Henry was tough. He'd cuss out (defenders) and spit on ‘em. And I'd say, ‘John Henry, quit cussing these guys out because they're taking it out on me!'”
The 49ers traded Tittle to the Giants in 1961 to make room for promising young passer John Brodie. The only player San Francisco got in exchange was Lou Cordileone, a guard/linebacker, who lasted one season with the team.
Tittle went on to play four seasons with the New York Giants (1961-64). Throughout their 15-year NFL career, they went to seven Pro Bowls and was twice named the Newspaper Enterprise Association NFL MVP (1961 & 1963).
Tittle is one of two players in NFL history to throw for 500-or-more yards and seven-or-more touchdowns in a single game (Drew Brees is the other). Following their playing career, Tittle re-joined the 49ers in 1965 as an offensive consultant, a role they kept from 1965-69.
Tittle ranks among the best quarterbacks never to win to a championship. In fact, they are the only Hall of Famer never to win a playoff game as a starter.
Their heartbreaks include the 1957 NFC division playoff game. The 49ers led 24-7 at halftime and looked poised to face the Cleveland Browns in the championship game. But Tittle threw three interceptions after halftime as the Detroit Lions roared back to win 31-27.
“I'm still trying to forget that game,'' they said, decades later. “But I was the one calling the plays, and I take full responsibility for booting it away.”
Tittle's career came to a close in 1964, not long after the savage blow that yielded the iconic photograph. The 38-year-old quarterback was hit by Pittsburgh Steelers defensive end John Baker on Sept. 20 that season.
Tittle wound up with a cracked sternum and a concussion. Photographer Morris Berman clicked a shot of the injured gridiron warrior for the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette — which chose not to run it. The photo gained fame only after Berman entered it in contests.
It eventually became one of only three photos hanging in the lobby of the National Press Photographers Association headquarters in Durham, North Carolina. The other two images: the flag-raising at Iwo Jima and the fiery Hindenberg explosion.
Reflecting on Berman's photo for Smithsonian Magazine in 2007, Tittle said: “That was the end of my dance. A whole lifetime was over.”
Tittle went on to a prosperous life, thanks to an insurance business they began during their playing days. It became their own company, Y.A Tittle Insurance & Financial Services.
They also remained a popular public speaker for years after their playing days. Their daughter, Dianne de Laet, said that Tittle remained forever accessible despite their fame.
“For so many years, Dad has been on a first-name basis with the world. He's never ‘Mr. Tittle' it's, ‘Hey, Y.A.!' they said in 2014. “There's a feeling that he's a part of their lives, and they're a part of their life, and it's been that way for a very, very long time. … I've just been amazed at the way memories gather, people really do celebrate the moments that dad gave them.”
Tittle is survived by their brother, Don Tittle; children Dianne de Laet, John Tittle and Pat Tittle: seven grandchildren and nine great grandchildren.
King County Executive Dow Constantine is proposing to triple the size of the Veterans and Human Services Levy to increase affordable housing and add services for seniors.
King County Executive Dow Constantine on Monday proposed tripling the county's Veterans and Human Services Levy when it expires in December.
The new levy, which would add programs for the county's seniors, would raise about $60 million in the first year and $400 million over six years. The current levy raises about $18 million a year.
If approved by the County Council, the levy would go to voters in the November general election.
A King County homeowner would pay 12 cents per $1,000 assessed value, or $4.50 per month for a $450,000 median-priced home, up from $1.50 per month for the current levy. Included in the executive's proposal would be an exemption for low-income seniors and disabled veterans.
“People in this community recognize that serving our veterans, domestic-violence victims and seniors is a core responsibility, and I think they are willing to pay a few dollars per year to do that,” King County Executive Dow Constantine said in an interview.
The Veterans and Human Services Levy has faced almost no opposition since it was first approved by voters in 2005. It was renewed in 2011 with 66 percent support. A principal goal of the levy is to address homelessness among veterans, who make up about 10 percent of the county's homeless.
Since 2006, the levy has contributed to the creation of more than 2,000 units of affordable housing and has helped thousands of chronically homeless veterans and other people move into housing, according to county statistics.
County officials say the levy has saved at least $7 million since 2012 in jail and emergency-room costs by providing housing, health care and substance-abuse treatment through a levy-funded database and housing-placement program.
But the levy-renewal proposal comes in the midst of a number of other tax increases. Voters are still smarting from the unexpectedly high car-tab fees and additional sales tax that kicked in April 1 to help pay for the regional expansion of Sound Transit.
The Metropolitan King County Council earlier this month approved placing a 0.1 percent increase in the sales tax on the August primary ballot to fund access to arts, culture and science programs for families and children. That measure, if approved by voters, would raise $67 million per year.
Constantine and Seattle Mayor Ed Murray have also discussed a levy to fight homelessness that could be submitted to voters in 2018. That also would be funded with a 0.1 percent sales-tax increase and raise $67 million per year.
Constantine said the county will seek help from the state Legislature to exempt low-income seniors and the disabled from the levies.
Besides tripling revenue from the current Veterans and Human Services Levy, the latest proposal would for the first time include services for the county's growing population of seniors. By 2030, their numbers are expected to double to 400,000, or about 18 percent of the county's population.
Meanwhile, county leaders note, funding for seniors from government and philanthropic sources has declined.
King County's Area Agency on Aging reports a $3 million funding reduction over the past five years while it has attempted to serve 12,000 new senior clients. In 2015, United Way cut funding for seniors in both King and Snohomish counties, including support for the popular Meals and Wheels program, in order to focus on addressing poverty and homelessness.
County leaders say the levy's investment in affordable housing also would help reduce the number of seniors who may be priced out of their homes by rising rents and taxes. The levy would also add programs to help seniors remain active and healthy, and avoid social isolation.
Additionally, the levy would continue to help domestic-violence survivors and other vulnerable people find and maintain housing and mental-health treatment.
Much of the globe is already fond of–and, in some cases, addicted to–one Japanese cultural export or another. Now the country is making a $1 billion bet that the world wants even more from Japan.
The Cool Japan Fund launched last year with 57.5 billion yen ($560 million dollars), the vast majority of that financed by the government. In total, the fund will spend about $1 billion to stimulate cultural exports, including food, fashion, movies, and shows.
It's a bit of a mindset problem. The parachute doesn't open until you jump.
Singapore-based Viki, which leverages its community of 30 million people to crowdsource translated subtitles, is one of the major players bringing Japanese films and TV shows to the rest of the world. Running contrary to the growing emphasis on original content, Viki is very much focused on distribution. “I can't afford to spend a billion dollars on content or do original programming,” Viki CEO Razmig Hovaghimian tells Fast Company. “Frankly, I don't need to do originally programming. There's amazing content worldwide that I need to bring out there.”
The streaming platform, which Japanese e-commerce company Rakuten acquired for $200 million in September, streams more than a billion minutes per month globally, and it considers Japan one of the top five content markets in terms of distribution. “There was pent-up demand,” says Hovaghimian. “It was clear people wanted anime. It was clear people wanted Japanese shows. On a cultural level, Cool Japan made sense.”
One of the surprise hits on Viki, Japanese film The Tragedy of W originally flopped when it debuted in its home country in 1984. Image: Viki
That may be true, but it won't be easy. With complicated licensing protocols, securing rights in Japan can be much more difficult than it is in other countries. It's not uncommon for content to have multiple rights holders–including writers, directors, broadcasters, production companies, and talent agencies–and the number of parties involved adds friction to the process. “All of them have to agree,” Hovaghimian says. “Rights are notoriously rough to get in Japan.”
Also standing in the way is a sense of complacency. Japanese broadcasters haven't seen a need to extend their reach because of the large domestic appetite for entertainment. Hovaghimian recalled many meetings with broadcasters that didn't go anywhere. “Their response was that it's difficult to take content global,” they recall. “It's a bit of a mindset problem. The parachute doesn't open until you jump.”
Barack Obama, Bill Clinton To Fill In For Hillary Clinton
Former president Bill Clinton will attend planned events in California and Nevada over the next 2 days as Hillary Clinton recovers from pneumonia. President Obama campaigns in Philadelphia on Tuesday.
STEVE INSKEEP, HOST:
Hillary Clinton is taking some time off after they fell ill during a 9/11 ceremony in New York City on Sunday. It was revealed that she'd been diagnosed with pneumonia a couple of days before. Former President Bill Clinton talked about their wife's condition in a talk with Charlie Rose on PBS.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
CHARLIE ROSE: They have pneumonia.
BILL CLINTON: Yeah.
ROSE: Sometimes that can take a while, the recovery.
B. CLINTON: It can.
ROSE: Is it possible that they will be away for weeks from the campaign trail?
B. CLINTON: No, not a shot (laughter). I'll be lucky to hold them back another day.
INSKEEP: NPR's Tamara Keith covers the Clinton campaign. She's on the line. Hi, Tam.
TAMARA KEITH, BYLINE: Hi.
INSKEEP: How's Secretary Clinton doing?
KEITH: Well, they say she's feeling much better. They sent out some tweets yesterday. There was a thank you note that was sent out to their supporters along with a fundraising solicitation. And they called into Anderson Cooper's show on CNN to say that they were finally following their doctor's orders that they had gotten on Friday to rest.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
HILLARY CLINTON: I should have gotten some rest sooner. I probably would have been better off if I just pulled down my schedule on Friday, but like a lot of people, I just thought I could keep going forward and power through it. And obviously that didn't work out so well.
KEITH: They also last night called in to a fundraiser that they were supposed to attend in San Francisco, and even though they aren't there, it was still a very big draw with 2,500 people and K.D. Lang performed.
INSKEEP: And now she's got a substitute, a fill-in with some campaign experience.
KEITH: A guy named Bill Clinton...
INSKEEP: OK.
KEITH: ...Former president (laughter). And he's going to do a couple of fundraisers for them and then one campaign event tomorrow in Las Vegas. But they also have a ton of other very high-profile surrogates like President Obama who's campaigning for them in Philadelphia today. So if there is a day to take off, I guess it would be the day that the president is out there holding a rally for you. Also Bernie Sanders, Michelle Obama and, of course, their running mate Tim Kaine are all campaigning for them this week.
INSKEEP: But let's remember the way this unfolded, Tamara. They were diagnosed on Friday. Nobody heard anything about it until after they were seen as unsteady or falling on Sunday, and even some hours after that elapsed before we heard about pneumonia.
KEITH: That's exactly true. I want to read a tweet for you from David Axelrod, a former adviser to President Obama, a supporter of Clinton but they say this (reading) antibiotics can take care of pneumonia. What's the cure for an unhealthy penchant for privacy that repeatedly creates unnecessary problems?
Clinton was asked about that tweet last night by Anderson Cooper, and they were also asked if how all this went down just confirmed people's doubts about their honesty and transparency.
(SOUNDBITE OF ARCHIVED RECORDING)
H. CLINTON: Oh, my goodness, Anderson. You know compare everything you know about me with my opponent. I think it's time they met the same level of disclosure that I have for years. You know, you've got a medical report on me that meets the same standard as Mitt Romney and Barack Obama. Donald Trump's doctor said he'd be the healthiest president in history. That's just not even serious.
INSKEEP: That's Hillary Clinton last night on CNN. Tamara Keith is with us. And Michigan Senator Debbie Stabenow is still with us in the studios. And, Senator...
DEBBIE STABENOW: Yes.
INSKEEP: I want to ask you about this as a fellow Democrat. Does it concern you at all that Secretary Clinton did not disclose more or differently here?
STABENOW: You know, this is - it's not a surprise to me when any of us get the flu or in this case pneumonia, you try to power through it. Our next Democratic leader Chuck Schumer, my dear friend, has had walking pneumonia for several weeks and tried to just power through it, and finally their doctor said take a few days off. I think that's just the way it is, you know, you go to work, you get sick, you try to keep going.
INSKEEP: But was they pressured into trying to hide this...
STABENOW: No, I...
INSKEEP: ...Because Donald Trump had been talking about their health?
STABENOW: You know, it doesn't - in this campaign it doesn't matter. Donald Trump said that the president of the United States wasn't a citizen, started the birther movement - doesn't matter what they do...
INSKEEP: But did they try to duck under that pressure?
STABENOW: No, I think they probably did what I would do which is ignored their doctor and keep going.
INSKEEP: OK. Senator Stabenow, thanks very much.
STABENOW: You're welcome.
INSKEEP: Really appreciate it. We also heard from NPR's Tamara Keith as Hillary Clinton takes a few days off campaigning.
Copyright © 2016 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
GAZA CITY (IPS) - Mohammed Omer, the Gaza correspondent of IPS, and joint winner of the 2008 Martha Gellhorn Prize for Journalism, was strip-searched at gunpoint, assaulted and abused by Israeli security officials at the Allenby border crossing between Jordan and the West Bank on Thursday as they tried to return home to Gaza.
Omer, a resident of Rafah in the south of Gaza, and previous recipient of the New America Media's Best Youth Voice award several years ago, was returning from London where they had just collected their Gellhorn Prize, and from several European capitals where they had speaking engagements, including a meeting with Greek parliamentarians.
Omer's trip was sponsored by The Washington Report, and the Dutch embassy in Tel Aviv was responsible for coordinating Omer's travel plans and their security permit to leave Gaza with Israeli officials.
Israel controls the borders of Gaza and severely restricts the entrance and exit of Gazans allegedly on grounds of security. Human rights organizations accuse the Israelis of using security as a pretext to apply collective punishment indiscriminately.
While waiting in Amman on their way back, Omer eventually received the requisite coordination and security clearance from the Israelis to return to Gaza after this had initially been delayed by several days, they told IPS.
Accompanied by Dutch diplomats, Omer passed through the Jordanian side of the border without incident. However, after arrival on the Israeli side, trouble began. They informed a female soldier that they were returning home to Gaza. They were repeatedly asked where Gaza was, and told that they had neither a permit nor any coordination to cross.
Omer explained that they did indeed have permission and coordination but was nevertheless taken to a room by Israel's domestic intelligence agency the Shin Bet, where they were isolated for an hour and a half without explanation.
“Eventually I was asked whether I had a knife or gun on me even though I had already passed through the x-ray machine, had my luggage searched, and was in the company of Dutch diplomats,” Omer said.
Their luggage was again searched, and security then proceeded to go through every document and paper they had on him, taking down the names and numbers of the European parliamentary officials they had met.
The Shin Bet officials then started to make fun of the European parliamentarians, and mocked Omer for being “the prize-winning journalist.”
The Gazan journalist was repeatedly asked why they were returning to “the hell of Gaza after we allowed you to leave.” To this they responded that they wanted to be a voice for the voiceless. They were told they were a “trouble-maker.”
The security men also demanded they show all the money they had on him, and particular attention was paid to the British pounds they were carrying. Their Gellhorn prize money had been awarded in British pounds but they were not carrying the entire sum on them bodily, something the investigators refused to believe.
After being unable to produce the prize money, they were ordered to strip naked.
“At first I refused but then I had an M16 [gun] pointed in my face and my clothes were forcibly removed, even my underwear,” Omer said.
At this point Omer broke down and pleaded for an end to such treatment. They said they were told, “you haven't seen anything yet.” Every cavity of their body was searched as one of the investigators pinned them down on the floor, placing their boot on Omer's neck. Omer began vomiting, and fainted.
When they came round their eyelids were being forcibly opened and their eardrums probed by an Israeli military doctor, who was also armed. They were then dragged along the floor by their feet by the Shin Bet officials, with their head repeatedly banging on the floor, to a Palestinian ambulance which had been called.
“I eventually woke up in a Palestinian hospital with the doctors trying to reassure me,” Omer told IPS.
The Dutch Foreign Ministry at the Hague told IPS that Foreign Minister Maxime Zerhagen spoke to the Israeli ambassador to The Netherlands and demanded an explanation.
The Dutch embassy in Tel Aviv has also raised the issue with the Israeli Foreign Ministry, which in turn has promised to investigate the incident and get back to the Dutch officials.
Ahmed Dadou, spokesperson from the Dutch Foreign Ministry at the Hague told IPS, “We are taking this whole incident very seriously as we don't believe the behavior of the Israeli officials is in accordance with a modern democracy.
“We are further concerned about the mistreatment of an internationally renowned journalist trying to go about their daily business,” added Dadou.
A spokesperson at the Israeli Foreign Press Association said they were unaware of the incident.
Lisa Dvir from the Israeli Airport Authority (IAA), the body responsible for controlling Israel's borders, told IPS that the IAA was neither aware of Omer's journalist credentials nor of their coordination.
“We would like to know who Omer spoke to in regard to receiving coordination to pass through Allenby. We offer journalists a special service when passing through our border crossings, and had we known about their arrival this would not have happened.
“I'm not aware of the events that followed their detention, and we are not responsible for the behavior of the Shin Bet.”
In the meantime, Omer is still traumatized and in pain. “I'm struggling to breathe and have pain in my head and stomach and will be going back to hospital for further medical examinations,” they said.
All rights reserved, IPS - Inter Press Service (2008). Total or partial publication, retransmission or sale forbidden.
Related Links
Weapon
Attack
BA B We ap on Ab il it y Fea t Si ze Mi sc .
T e m p o r a r y C h a n g e s C r i t T y p e Damage
D i e W e a p o n S t r F e a t M i s c
R a n g e A m m u n i t i o n
Skills
S k i l l N a m e s T o t a l A b i l i t y R a n k s M i s c
O
Acrobatics
=
DEX
+ + O
Appraise
=
INT
+ + O
Bluff
=
CHA
+ + O
Climb
=
STR
+ + O
Craft ( )
=
INT
+ + O
Craft ( )
=
INT
+ + O
Craft ( )
=
INT
+ + O
Diplomacy
=
CHA
+ + O
Disable Device
=
DEX
+ + O
Disguise
=
CHA
+ + O
Escape Artist
=
DEX
+ + O
Fly
=
DEX
+ + O
Handle Animal
=
CHA
+ + O
Heal
=
WIS
+ + O
Intimidate
=
CHA
+ + O
Know ( )
=
INT
+ + O
Know ( )
=
INT
+ + O
Know ( )
=
INT
+ + O
Know ( )
=
INT
+ + O
Know ( )
=
INT
+ + O
Know ( )
=
INT
+ + O
Linguistics
=
INT
+ + O
Perception
=
WIS
+ + O
Perform ( )
=
CHA
+ + O
Perform ( )
=
CHA
+ + O
Perform ( )
=
CHA
+ + O
Prof ( )
=
WIS
+ + O
Prof ( )
=
WIS
+ + O
Ride
=
DEX
+ + O
Sense Motive
=
WIS
+ + O
Sleight Of Hand
=
DEX
+ + O
Spellcraft
=
INT
+ + O
Stealth
=
DEX
+ + O
Survival
=
WIS
+ + O
Swim
=
STR
+ + O
Use Magic Device
=
CHA
+ + O
( )
=
( )
+ + O
( )
=
( )
+ + O
( )
=
( )
+ +
Concentration
=
( )
+ +
C. Lvl
C h a r a c t e r N a m e A l i g n m e n t P l a y e r C h a r a c t e r L e v e l H o m e l a n d C a m p a i g n R a c e D e i t y S i z e G e n d e r A g e H e i g h t W e i g h t Hair Eyes
Initiative
= +
T o t a l D e x M i s c
Ability Score Ability Modifier Item Score Item Modifier Temp. Score Temp. Modifier
Str Dex Con Int Wis Cha
T o t a l A r m o r D e x
AC
= 10 +
Touch
= 10 +
Flat - Footed
= 10 +
Saving Throws
Total Base Save Abil. Mod.
Fortitude
(Constitution)
=
Reflex
(Dexterity)
=
Will
(Wisdom)
=
Base Attack Bonus
Notes:
N o n - lethal Damage
HP
Hit Points
Total:
Weapon
Attack
BA B We ap on Ab il it y Fea t Si ze Mi sc .
T e m p o r a r y C h a n g e s C r i t T y p e Damage
D i e W e a p o n S t r F e a t M i s c
Ra n g e A m m u n i t i o n Weapon
Att ack
BA B W ea p o n A b i l it y F ea t S iz e M is c .
T e m p o r a r y C h a n g e s C r i t T y p e Damage
D i e W e a p o n St r F e a t M i s c
R a n g e A m m u n i t i o n
Weapon
Att ack
BA B W ea p o n A b i l it y F ea t S iz e M is c .
T e m p o r a r y C h a n g e s C r i t T y p e Damage
D i e W e a p o n St r F e a t M i s c
R a n g e A m m u n i t i o n
Languages:
DR
B A B D e x S t r S i z e
CMD
= 10 +
CMB
=
Speed
Ft.
Fly
Ft.
Swim
Ft.
The neocons don't want you to notice, but Obama's attempt to disarm both Syria and Iran of WMDs is actually on track. On Syria, I remember being on the AC360 show last fall, when the overwhelming consensus was that Obama had been duped, that their pivot in asking Putin to enforce the removal of WMDs from Syria was a humiliation, and that Assad would never, ever give up any WMDs. Fast forward to now:
With its latest deadline days away, Syria is close to eliminating its stockpile of chemical weapons, monitors said Tuesday, an improbable accomplishment in the midst of civil war that is likely to diminish further the possibility of international intervention. After a slow start that prompted U.S. accusations of stalling, the government of President Bashar Assad has shipped almost 90% of its chemical weapons materials out of the country, raising hope that it can finish the job by Sunday. A United Nations plan that averted punitive U.S. airstrikes last year sets June 30 as the deadline for all of Syria's chemical weapons materials to be destroyed. But the first and hardest task has been shipping it out of the country through the Mediterranean port of Latakia… The shipment Tuesday means that 86.5% of its toxic weapons material has been removed, according to a statement from the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, the Hague-based group overseeing the destruction of the stockpile. That includes 88.7% of the 700 metric tons of the most toxic chemicals, among them mustard gas and precursor materials for the nerve agents sarin and VX.
Then we come to the much more important interim agreement with Iran. And the news is encouraging there as well:
The IAEA report last week confirms that Iran cut its stock of medium enriched uranium by three-quarters. It has completely diluted half its stock down to low enriched uranium, and it has converted half of the remaining amount into reactor fuel, all ahead of schedule. It would be extraordinarily difficult and time-consuming to reverse these processes. In short, Netanyahu's bomb has been drained. Their red line has been implemented. Even if Iran were to break the deal today, it would take it many months to make enough uranium for one bomb, and the world would see them doing it. Nor is there any indication that Iran is about to break off negotiations.
So Israel is safer today – because of Obama, not Netanyahu, who has been hoist, like so many Wile E Coyotes in the past six years, by their own canards. Now think of how Obama has operated to rid the Middle East of WMDs – a vital part of our collective security – and compare it with the “tough guys” who preceded him.
Bush and Cheney launched a ruinous, failed war that did nothing to increase our national security and failed to find and destroy any WMDs. Obama, by diplomatic maneuvering, managed to avoid getting sucked into the Syrian vortex, while successfully ridding the country of chemical weapons. Yes, there are reports of chlorine bombs being used. But they weren't part of the agreement. Yes, the civil war remains horrifying in its human toll. But to have managed to achieve this in the midst of that civil war is a huge success. And if the successful implementation of the interim agreement with Iran continues, we could have a viable permanent agreement that reliably keeps nukes out of the hands of Tehran's pseudo-democratic dictatorship.
At some point, this will be better understood, I suspect. But it's worth pointing out now. If Obama leaves office with WMDs removed from the Middle East (barring, of course, Israel's chemical, biological and nuclear weapons!), they will have done what Bush promised – at a fraction of the cost, and with no war. I don't know about you, but that's why I still proudly support this president. Last fall, I argued that two things would make them a liberal Reagan – the successful implementation of Obamacare, and a new era with Iran and the Middle East. And on those terms, it's meep meep again, so far as I can see.
Update from a reader:
SOLGT
Denne bilen selges av en bilforhandler og dette medfører at du som kjøper har 5 års reklamasjonsrett mot skjulte feil og mangler. Reklamasjonsretten kan brukes dersom bilen er i dårligere stand enn du som kjøper har grunn til å forvente, basert på bilens alder, kjørelengde og informasjon du har fått fra selger.
Beskrivelse
FORMEL 1 TIL SALGS
Unik mulighet – ekte Formel 1 bil til salgs med mye historikk! Stewart Ford F1 1999, kjørt av bla Rubens Barrichello & Johnny Herbert og av Eddie Ervine i senere tid som team jaguar. Hadde beste plassering som nr1 på Nürburgring. Bilen hadde også 3 plass i Monaco med Eddie irvine i år 2000.
Bilen har også blitt utlånt til kjente tv programmet Top Gear, Episoden kan du se her:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bXA7Scn7tbg
Stewart Ford FORMEL 1 - 3,0L V8 760HK v/17.200 RPM
• Vekt motor 82kg
• Total vekt bil 580kg
• 0-200 på 3,6sek
• 200-0 på 2,8sek
• 0-200-0 Km/t 5,8sek
• 13” Karbon/titanfelger
• Spoiler orginal kit Stewart Ford F1
• Ny pris 1999 kalkulert av fabrikken ca 25.000.000 kr
Motoren er en original F1 motor V8 og er totalt renovert for $150.000 (ny) fra Coswort i England. Motoren er kun startet opp engang etter dette. Henger medfølger.
For mer info ta kontakt på følgende tlf nr 97 86 86 86
Innbytte mulig, ta kontakt for en hyggelig bilprat.
Se våre andre biler på www.carmabil.no
Vi tar forbehold mot feil i annonsen.
Download the MP3 audio version of this story here, or sign up to get all of Slate's free daily podcasts.
Human beings are self-absorbed creatures, so the response to Hurricane Katrina has naturally included some hand-wringing over the question: “Could this happen to my hometown?” Depending on the worrywart's location, the theoretical catastrophe could be a flash flood, a wildfire, or an earthquake rather than a hurricane; no corner of the United States is immune to lethal natural disasters.
Still, some corners are safer than others. If an American wants to minimize their chances of dying at Mother Nature's hands, where should they set up house? Slate crunched the numbers—and did some educated guesswork—to find the U.S. city where the odds of perishing in a natural disaster are closest to nil.
We started by taking a look at every presidential disaster declaration from 1965 through 2004. As this color-coded map reveals, the Eastern half of the nation has had the most officially declared disasters, although North Dakota, Washington, and California have endured more than their share of woe. Going by presidential decrees alone, then, Western states such as Nevada or Wyoming appear safest.
But the data are skewed by the fact that disasters are more likely to be declared in populated areas. As this FEMA primer makes clear, disasters are declared in order to make funds available to people and businesses affected by a catastrophe. So, a severe storm in the Milwaukee suburbs is a lot likelier to be declared a federal disaster than a severe storm in an unpopulated expanse of southwestern Wyoming.
The declared disasters list was useful, however, in helping to eliminate the obvious noncontenders. Like, say, California. The state's massive population gives it a low per-capita fatality rate for natural disasters, but no one would consider it a safe haven from nature's worst: It's susceptible to earthquakes, mudslides, wildfires, torrential rains, rip currents, and even volcanoes. Unsurprisingly, then, California has had more declared disasters than any other state but Texas, which is frequently hammered by tornadoes, thunderstorms, and floods.
For simplicity's sake—Slatestill lacks a supercomputer to handle massive number-crunching assignments—we automatically eliminated the 30 states with the most declared disasters. Most were no-brainers, such as the hurricane-prone states of the Gulf Coast and the heartland states that lie in Tornado Alley. Sparsely populated North Dakota has regular problems with severe flooding, as do Virginia, Tennessee, and New York. (Flooding, tornadoes, and tropical storms/hurricanes have been the most prolific killers in recent years, although heat waves often take significant tolls.) Illinois and Pennsylvania didn't make the grade because their cities can get lethally hot. Also disqualified were some notably frigid members of the union, such as Wisconsin and Minnesota; blizzards and icy conditions are frequently deadly, especially for motorists. And seemingly placid West Virginia? It has some issues with landslides, particularly in the counties that border Ohio.
That left 20 states, two of which we knocked out immediately on common-sense grounds: Hawaii, since islands are inherently at the ocean's mercy (plus there's a slew of volcanoes), and Alaska, where severe winter storms are the norm. For the remaining 18 states, then, we looked at year-by-year fatalities resulting from severe weather, dating back to 1995, as recorded by the National Weather Service. The NWS statistics cover 27 different types of weather events, including such relative rarities as deaths due to volcanic ash, fog, dust devils, and “miscellaneous.” (Since California had been eliminated at this stage, we ignored earthquake fatalities, which the NWS does not track.) We then used the total number of fatalities from each state to arrive at a deaths-per-thousand figure, based on population numbers taken from the 2000 Census.
Of the 18 states, only three had a fatality rate lower than 0.01 per thousand for the last decade: Connecticut (0.00587 per thousand), Massachusetts (0.00299), and Rhode Island (0.00286). These figures are somewhat surprising, given that all three of these New England states have ample coastlines and are thus susceptible to fierce storms. But they are also more immune to hurricanes than their southerly counterparts, virtually free of tornadoes, and blessed with relatively cool summers and winters that, although cold, aren't quite North Dakota cold. They're also affluent—all three boast family median incomes above the national average—and, as Hurricane Katrina reminded us, socioeconomics matter when it comes to preserving life during natural disasters.
For the three finalists, we looked at the county-by-county breakdowns of presidential-disaster declarations since 1995. Rhode Island only had one, during the Blizzard of ‘96. Connecticut was hit by that storm, too, as well as by Tropical Storm Floyd in 1999, which affected Litchfield, Hartford, and Fairfield counties. Massachusetts, meanwhile, had five major declared disasters, mostly associated with heavy rains and flooding in its seven easternmost counties.
Based solely on the numbers, then, Rhode Island would seem to be the winner. But the tiny state's cities are clustered around bays and rivers, which means a major hurricane could cause flooding. During the Great New England Hurricane of 1938, for example, a violent storm surge hit Providence.
Eastern Massachusetts is dicey because its long coastline is exposed to the unforgiving Atlantic Ocean. The rural west has proven statistically safer, but winter in the Berkshires can be snowy and harsh.
That leaves Connecticut, whose coastline faces the Long Island Sound rather than the open ocean. Still, living near the water is not recommended for the truly tense; a safer bet is somewhere inland, away from rivers and lakes, but not too deep in the boonies. The state's winters aren't tropical, but they tend to be not quite as snowbound as those in western Massachusetts.
After much debate, then, we settled on Slate's “America's Best Place to Avoid Death Due to Natural Disaster”: the area in and around Storrs, Conn., home to the University of Connecticut. It lies in Tolland County, which was not part of the 1999 federal disaster declaration for Tropical Storm Floyd. It's a safe 50 miles from the sound and not close to any rivers. It also has relatively easy access to a major city (Hartford) in the event an evacuation or hospitalization becomes necessary.*
This conclusion is by no means scientific, nor can safety ever be completely guaranteed; as moviegoers and Rick Moody fans are already aware, Connecticut does have its share of dangerous ice storms. And we're open to suggestions about other candidates for the title. If you want to make a case for your hometown, please drop us a line. In the meantime, the parents of UConn students can sleep a little easier tonight.
(E-mail may be quoted unless the writer stipulates otherwise.)
*Correction, September 15, 2005: This piece originally asserted that the University of Connecticut Health Center is in Storrs, Conn. It's actually in Farmington.
The Quebec government has appointed former Radio-Canada journalist and public affairs host Dominique Poirier as the province's delegate-general to New York.
Ms. Poirier takes-over from former Parti Québécois leader André Boisclair, who stepped down last month after suing Coalition Avenir Quebec MNA Jacques Duchesneau as part of a $200,000 defamation suit.
Mr. Duchesneau accused the former party leader of favouritism in the awarding of a government contract when Mr. Boisclair was a minister in the former PQ government. Mr. Duchesneau alleged that the contract was tied to Mr. Boisclair's use of cocaine at the time.
Story continues below advertisement
Mr. Boisclair has since been appointed to a two-year contract as head of the James Bay environmental committee and retains their $175,000 a year salary.
The Minister of International Affairs, Jean-François Lisée, explained that Ms. Poirier's was the perfect fit for the job. They said that Ms. Poirier was always "neutral" on the issue of sovereignty when they were a journalist but that they were willing to "defend the policies of the Quebec government including its desire to achieve sovereignty." They added that Ms. Poirier will also inherit the task of explaining to Americans the government's controversial secular charter which if adopted would prohibit the wearing of overt religious symbols by public servants.
The rusty-patched bumble bee was scheduled to be added to the endangered species list on Friday but The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service has announced that process will need to be reviewed due to an executive order from the president. Lobbyists who oppose the Endangered Species Act have celebrated the decision.
Advertisement
The population of the rusty-patched bumble bee has plunged by 90 percent since the early 1990's following a trend that has seen bee populations plummeting in general. On January 11th, a new rule was adopted to add the bee to the ESA and a mandatory 30-day waiting period went into effect.
But on January 20th, Donald Trump became president and signed a sweeping executive order that froze all pending regulations for 60 days to review “questions of fact, law and policy they raise.” The decision to delay the bee's listing as endangered is a direct consequence of that order. A ruling on the noble bee's status will have to wait until March 21st, setting environmentalists on edge.
“The Trump administration has put the rusty-patched bumblebee back on the path to extinction,” Rebecca Riley, senior attorney for the Natural Resources Defense Council told CBS News. “This bee is one of the most critically endangered species in the country and we can save it — but not if the White House stands in the way.”
Advertisement
NBC News received a statement from the nonprofit Xerces Society for Invertebrate Conservation that reads, “Delays to protecting this already vulnerable pollinator may prove catastrophic.”
With the Trump administration's mode of operation generally leaning towards eliminating regulations, environmental advocates fear the delay will be permanent.
Advertisement
But not everyone is upset by the decision to wait. The American Farm Bureau Federation, a lobbying group that opposes the Endangered Species Act, celebrated in a statement. It reads in part, “The increased regulatory burden of the ESA negatively affects rural quality of life and jeopardizes the overall agriculture economy.” In the past, the AFBF has claimed the ESA puts “the interests of species above those of people, and through its prohibitions against ‘taking' of species, it can restrict a wide range of human activity in areas where species exist or may possibly exist.”
The ESA requires that the government “protect and recover imperiled species and the ecosystems upon which they depend.” Since the act was passed in 1973, there have been 28 species delisted due to recovery, including the bald eagle.
Aside from the rusty-patched bumble bee, no other pending endangered species listings are affected by Trump's order. Time will tell if this important pollinator is in the crosshairs of the administration.
Advertisement
[CBS News, NBC News]
The GOP presidential nominee is out on the trail ahead of the general election in November.
The GOP presidential nominee is out on the trail ahead of the general election in November.
What Donald Trump is doing on the campaign trail
What Donald Trump is doing on the campaign trail
To fight the Islamic State terrorist group, Donald Trump would “bomb the s--- out of” their oil fields or “bomb the hell out of ISIS.” Or maybe neither of those things.
The GOP presidential nominee has called for “very few troops on the ground,” but also 20,000 to 30,000 troops. Or they might just let Russia handle the fighting.
They proposed banning all foreign Muslims from entering the United States until we “figure out what is going on” with terrorism. Or maybe just people from certain countries.
After two events last weekend — a bombing in New York that involved a suspect who praised the Islamic State and stabbings in Minnesota for which the Islamic State has claimed credit — Trump has revived their tough talk on obliterating the terrorist group — vowing to “utterly destroy ISIS.”
But for more than a year, Trump has declined to lay out a coherent strategy for doing so. Whenever pressed for specifics, Trump insists that they have a plan but says it must remain secret to avoid tipping off the enemy.
What Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump told supporters in Greenville, N.C., on Sept. 6, 2016, is raising questions about their "fool-proof" plan to defeat Islamic State militants. (Sarah Parnass/The Washington Post)
The scattered ideas that Trump has offered publicly have often been contradictory, impossible or even illegal — alarming many national security and foreign policy experts in both parties.
“I don't think they have a well-thought-through position on anything,” said Eliot Cohen, a top State Department official during the George W. Bush administration who helped organize an anti-Trump open letter earlier this year. “I don't think he's read much, I don't think he's studied these issues. I think, like with so many other topics, he's just emoting.”
Plans all over the map
The fight against the Islamic State and how it should be waged is certain to be one of the central issues at Monday's presidential debate between Trump and Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton at Hofstra University, an event that will include a section focused on “securing America.”
For Trump, the Islamic State and its escalating attacks on the West have been a central focus of their rhetoric since the GOP primaries.
They have accused President Obama of ignoring or even sympathizing with the terrorists.
Trump also frequently talks as if the United States and its partners are doing nothing to combat the group, which has been severely weakened by thousands of coalition airstrikes and other operations over the past two years.
[Trump's illegal, impossible and ‘beyond goofy' idea of seizing Iraq's oil]
At a rally in Greenville, N.C., Sept. 6, Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump said that as president they would give their top generals 30 days to present them with a plan to defeat the Islamic State terrorist group. (The Washington Post)
“We are going to take a swift, strong action to protect the American people from radical Islamic terrorism,” Trump said in Ohio on Wednesday. “In recent days, terrorists have attacked in New York City, New Jersey and Minnesota. And it's going to get worse — it's going to get worse. If Hillary is president, it would be disaster. If Trump is president, you will be very, very happy.”
For months, Trump has skipped the usual foreign policy and national security briefings that are a traditional part of running for president, declaring at one point: “I know more about ISIS than the generals do. Believe me.”
Trump approaches terrorism as they approach many issues, saying that Democrats and the establishment have messed up everything through their stupidity — they once referred to foreign policy experts as “eggheads” — and that a savvy business person such as themselves would use common sense to quickly fix the problem.
The GOP candidate has said that they would “bomb the hell out of those oil fields” controlled by the Islamic State in a bid to cut off the group's wealth.
Sometimes Trump adds that they would seize the oil itself, which would both violate international law in stripping a country of its resources and take decades to accomplish, given the volume of crude.
Trump has also insisted that no civilians would be harmed in the destruction.
“I would bomb the s--- out of them,” Trump said of Islamic State-controlled oil fields at a rally last year in Iowa. “I would just bomb those suckers. And that's right: I'd blow up the pipes, I'd blow up the refineries. I would blow up every single inch. There would be nothing left.”
In terms of troop presence in Iraq or Syria, Trump has been all over the map.
They said they want to send “very few” troops to the Middle East, while also saying during a primary debate that they would be open to sending 20,000 to 30,000 soldiers.
At other times, Trump has said the fight against the Islamic State should be left to Russia, which is allied with Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, who is opposed by the United States.
[Trump ratchets up nationalist and law-and-order rhetoric on campaign trail]
When it comes to the treatment of suspected terrorists in general, Trump has said they would bring back waterboarding — which is widely considered torture and forbidden under U.S. and international law — and use other interrogation tactics that are “much worse” because “torture works.”
Trump has said that they would “take out” the relatives of suspected terrorists, also forbidden under international law.
At various times, Trump has proposed temporarily banning nearly all foreign Muslims from entering the United States or stopping immigration from countries with high rates of terrorism. They have promised to kick all Syrian refugees out of the United States and relocate them to a “safe zone” in their war-torn country that they would force the Gulf States to finance.
Trump has also said they would shut down parts of the Internet so that the Islamic State cannot recruit young Americans, an idea that they have yet to fully explain.
After a terrorist attack in France this summer, Trump said they would request war authorization from Congress — an unprecedented departure from long-standing practice for American military engagement that would grant the president sweeping powers not invoked since World War II.
Trump has also called for the United States to mobilize a NATO coalition against terrorists — which has already happened — even while calling the alliance obsolete and complaining about its cost.
Concerns by experts
Trump's inconsistent approach to the Islamic State challenge has prompted a wave of Republican foreign policy experts — many of whom rarely weigh in during a presidential election — to sign letters and op-eds warning of the danger of a Trump presidency.
[75 retired senior diplomats sign letter opposing Trump for president]
Last spring, Cohen and more than 100 other Republican national security experts signed a letter denouncing Trump's candidacy and stating that their “vision of American influence and power in the world is wildly inconsistent and unmoored in principle.” Last month, 50 Republicans, including former top aides and Cabinet members for the George W. Bush administration, signed a letter saying that Trump would be “the most reckless president in American history” and that none of them would vote for him.
And last week, 75 retired career Foreign Service officers — including ambassadors and senior State Department officials under Republican and Democratic presidents — signed an open letter stating they would vote for Clinton, not Trump, whom they accused of being “ignorant of the complex nature of the challenges facing our country, from Russia to China to ISIS to nuclear proliferation to refugees to drugs.”
Trump has countered such missives with a letter signed by 88 former generals and admirals who argue that the United States needs “a long-overdue course correction in our national security posture and policy.”
They describe a military that has been hollowed by “a series of ill-considered and debilitating budget cuts, policy choices and combat operations.”
Trump is regularly joined on the campaign trail by Michael T. Flynn, a retired three-star general who was pushed out of their assignment as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency.
Flynn has embraced and promoted Trump's aggressive positions, adding a much-needed seal of approval.
[He was one of the most respected intel officers of their generation. Now he's leading ‘Lock their up' chants.]
“Political correctness kills. It will cause death, and we can't have that,” Flynn said on Fox News earlier this week. “I'm going to be very candid here. You don't have a lot of people yelling ‘Jesus Christ!' and putting a knife in somebody's body or putting a knife in somebody's head. This is a different enemy. It's an enemy that we have not, frankly, understood in a couple administrations, and we definitely don't understand them right now.”
‘Too great a risk for America'
Clinton, a former secretary of state under Obama, has proposed ways to intensify and expand the current fight against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria short of sending U.S. combat forces, which they say would be shortsighted. Clinton speaks frequently of what they call an “intelligence surge” that would seek to coordinate intelligence among several nations to better counter Islamic State recruitment and fundraising.
Them major departure from Obama's current policy would be to add a “no-fly” zone in northern Syria, to shelter civilians, and to allow better access for aid and relief supplies. Such a zone would have to be enforced from the air, which appears far more complicated now, with Russian and U.S. planes both flying over Islamic State-controlled territory, than when Clinton first raised the idea months ago.
Robert Gates, who was secretary of defense under George W. Bush and Obama, wrote in an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal last week that neither Trump nor Clinton have detailed approaches to dealing with terrorism that are dramatically different from what Obama is already doing.
But they questioned Trump's willingness to “walk away from the region and hope for the best,” and accused them of being “willfully ignorant about the rest of the world, about our military and its capabilities, and about government itself” and unwilling to listen to experts.
“The world we confront is too perilous and too complex to have as president a man who believes he, and they alone, has all the answers and has no need to listen to anyone,” Gates wrote. “In domestic affairs, there are many checks on what a president can do; in national security there are few constraints. A thin-skinned, temperamental, shoot-from-the-hip and lip, uninformed commander in chief is too great a risk for America.”
Karen DeYoung and Anne Gearan contributed to this report.
Best React.js books 2019
Bestsellers
React Quickly: Painless web apps with React, JSX, Redux, and GraphQL by Azat Mardan will help you learn React.js fast. This hands-on React book teaches you React concepts using React examples, React tutorials, and React project. You will learn:
Master React fundamentals
Build React web apps with data and routing
Test React components
Optimize React apps
You will start with an introduction to React and move onto learning what is JSX. Then, you will make React interactive with states. This React.js book will teach you React Component Lifecycle Events, scaling React components, React event handling, React forms, Redux and unit testing with Jest. You will build React apps with GraphQL, Node, Express, Jest, MongoDB and more.
This is one of the best react books to learn React quickly in 2019.
Fullstack React: The Complete Guide to ReactJS and Friends by Accomazzo Anthony, Murray Nathaniel and Lerner Ari will help you learn React ecosystem. Regularly updated, this is the definitive guide to React. You will learn everything required to build professional React apps that are tested and optimized. This React books contains live React code and React projects in every chapter. You will learn:
Creating your first React Web Application
React Components & Servers
JSX and the Virtual DOM
Advanced Component Configuration with props, state, and children
React Forms
Using Webpack with Create React App
Unit Testing
React Routing
Flux and Redux, along with using Presentational and Container Components
Using GraphQL
Relay Classic
React Native
This is one of the best Fullstack React books in 2019.
The Road to learn React: Your journey to master plain yet pragmatic React.js by Robin Wieruch teaches you the fundamentals of React. You will build a solid foundation on React. This React beginner book will teach you all the React basics, advanced React concepts and internal state management. You will learn:
Hacker News App in React with API
Create-react-app to bootstrap your React apps
Lightweight React code
React setState as state management
Transition from JavaScript ES5 to ES6 along the way
React API with setState and lifecycle methods
Advanced user interactions
Client-sided sorting, searching and filtering
Implementation of client-side caching
Higher order functions and higher order components
Snapshot test components with Jest
Unit test components with Enzyme
Deploy your React app to production
This is one of the best React books for beginners in 2019.
Complex topics such as Webpack and server-side rendering (SSR)
Implement API using Node.js, Firebase, and GraphQL
Improve React performance
Deploy React app on Digital Ocean
React best practices when organizing and testing large React apps
Build mobile apps Using React Native
React Cookbook: Create dynamic web apps with React using Redux, Webpack, Node.js, and GraphQL by Carlos Santana Roldan is packed with React recipes covering all React topics. You will learn from over 66 React recipes that cover React UI development, animations, component architecture, routing, databases, testing, and debugging. This React tips and tricks book contains essential React hacks and simple React techniques to solve React application development challenges. Using Jest and Enzyme, you will write React tests. You will learn:
This is one of the best React cookbooks in 2019.
Learning React: Functional Web Development with React and Redux by Alex Banks and Eve Porcello will help you get started with React. This learning React book teaches you to create UIs with React. You will learn:
Learn key functional programming concepts with JavaScript
Create application presentation layers by mounting and composing React components
Use React component trees to manage data and reduce time debugging React applications
Learn React component lifecycle to load data and improve UI performance
Use a routing solution for browser history, bookmarks, and other features of single-page applications
Learn how to structure React applications
React Design Patterns and Best Practices by Michele Bertoli teaches you the most important React design patterns. You will dive into the React core patterns and components of React.js. You will improve your React debugging skills with DevTools. This React design patterns book is filled with React code examples and reusable React code. You will learn:
Write clean and maintainable React code
Create reusable React components applying consolidated techniques
Use React effectively in the browser and node
Use React server-side rendering to make apps load faster
Build high-performing React applications by optimizing React components
React styling
This is one of the best react design patterns book in 2019.
React: Up & Running: Building Web Applications by Stoyan Stefanov will get you running with React. This book will start you off by explaining how to build React components properly. You will learn:
Setting up React and write your first React Hello world app
Create and use custom React components with generic DOM components
Build a React data table component with edit, sort, search, and export
Use the JSX syntax
Set up a lean low-level React build process
Use Flux for component communication
Use ESLint, Flow, and Jest to check and test your React code
Learning React: A Hands-On Guide to Building Web Applications Using React and Redux by Kirupa Chinnathambi is a hands-on guide to building web applications with React and Redux. You will learn to build your first React app in minutes. This React book for beginners is
is packed with step-by-step React examples to explain complex concepts. You will learn:
Build your first React app
Create React components for UI
Combine multiple React components to build complex UIs
Use JSX
Maintain state
React styling
React component lifecycle
Build multi-page apps using React routing and React views
Optimize your React workflow using tools such as Node, Babel, webpack, etc
Use Redux
LOS ANGELES -- UCLA running back Steven Manfro will miss the rest of the season with a torn ACL, a school spokesperson said Wednesday.
Manfro was taken off the practice field on a cart after injuring their knee Tuesday. The junior was part of the No. 11 Bruins' three-man rotation at the position with Paul Perkins and Jordon James, and they often are featured as a receiver out of the backfield. UCLA spokesperson Steve Rourke confirmed Manfro's injury Wednesday.
UCLA running back Steven Manfro is out for the season after tearing their ACL in practice Tuesday. Stephen Dunn/Getty Images
Manfro caught 37 passes for 400 yards and two touchdowns over the past two seasons and was featured on special teams.
Offensive coordinator Noel Mazzone said Manfro is "an awesome young man that was very valuable to this football team, but there will be somebody that steps up."
When the Bruins host Memphis at the Rose Bowl on Saturday, first-year student Nate Starks is likely to take Manfro's spot in the offense, offering more size than Perkins and James at 5-foot-11 and 205 pounds.
"It will be fun to watch them play Saturday night. It will be fun to hand them the ball," Mazzone said before adding, "Note to self: Hand them the ball."
UCLA's ground game struggled in a 28-20 win at Virginia last week. Perkins rushed for 80 yards on 16 carries, leading an offense that totaled 116 yards rushing and averaged just 3.0 yards per carry.
"It wasn't good," Mazzone said. "It was hit and miss, no rhythm to it. We've always been able to run the football. It hasn't been an area of concern for us, so we're not going to panic. We got to be a little bit better, and I got to do a better job."
Getting starting center Jake Brendel back from a knee injury soon should help address issues on the offensive line, which allowed five sacks against the Cavaliers. Defensive lineman Eddie Vanderdoes said that group has been "a lot more physical this week."
That should help the UCLA offense catch up to its defensive counterparts in touchdown production.
Quarterback Brett Hundley's touchdown run accounted for the only points on that side of the ball versus Virginia, compared to two interceptions and one fumble return for touchdowns.
Mazzone couldn't remember that happening previously to an offense they coached. They joked that the defense should enjoy it while it lasts.
"I told them I spotted them two, but it's not going to happen anymore," Mazzone said.
P arliament resumes this week following the unexpected – and unexpectedly contentious – decision by Prime Minister Stephen Harper to reset the legislative agenda through prorogation. The House of Commons may have been quiet but the calls for a national digital strategy have grown louder in recent months. Last week, the International Telecommunications Union issued its annual global measurement of the information society, which served again to highlight Canada's sinking global technology ranking. Canada ranked 21st (down from 18th in 2007) in its ICT Development Index, which groups 11 indices including access, use, and technology skills.
Canada's sliding global ranking reflects 10 years of policy neglect. Other countries gave priority to digital issues while leaders from all parties here have been content to rest on the laurels of the late 1990s, only to wake up to a new, less-competitive reality in 2010. Industry Minister Tony Clement has spoken frequently about the need for a national digital strategy but concrete policies have been slow in coming. The parliamentary restart presents another opportunity for action. Given the failure to date to articulate a comprehensive digital strategy, perhaps a different approach might work. Following the Speech from the Throne and the budget, there will be about 100 days until the summer break. Clement could set a series of realizable targets during those 100 days. Such targets would not solve ongoing concerns regarding the competitiveness of Canada's wireless sector or the findings that Canadians pay higher prices for slower Internet speeds than consumers in many other countries but some momentum could be gained and some quick wins achieved.
Article Continued Below
A 100-day digital agenda could have four components: new laws, new initiatives, new enforcement, and new policy development. On the legislative front, Clement should reintroduce the Electronic Commerce Protection Act, the antispam bill that passed through the Commons and was to have been the subject of Senate hearings earlier this year. Having received all-party support and extensive study, the legislation should be placed on a rocket docket with a commitment to passing the bill before the summer recess. Two other long-awaited bills should be part of the short-term digital strategy. With the national copyright consultation complete, a digital copyright bill consistent with Clement's commitment to a forward-looking, technology neutral approach should be introduced within the next 100 days. So, too, should a privacy reform bill, which Clement identified as a priority at the start of 2010. Beyond new legislation, government can use the next 100 days to lead by example. A new data.gc.ca website, with open government data sets like those found in the U.S. and U.K. should be easy to achieve. The government also could follow the Australian approach to solve the crown copyright problem that restricts use of government documents by adopting open licences that grant permission to use documents without formal approval (or the need for a new law). The government can use the next 100 days to step up its digital enforcement agenda. This includes ensuring Internet providers are compliant with net neutrality requirements and that telemarketers abide by do-not-call legislation.
Finally, longer-term digital agenda issues must be put on the policy front burner. These include discussions on spectrum allocation, digital television transition, removal of Canadian control requirements in the telecom sector and new media issues. None of these initiatives will mark an immediate resurgence in Canada's digital ranking. But, after years of missteps, perhaps some baby steps now would put the nation's digital agenda back on track.
Article Continued Below
Michael Geist holds the Canada Research Chair in Internet and E-commerce Law at the University of Ottawa, Faculty of Law. mgeist@uottawa.ca or online at www.michaelgeist.ca.
While lawmakers have been proposing—and in North Carolina's case, passing—anti-transgender legislation, transgender people are being killed at an unprecedented rate. The year 2015 saw an all-time high in reported killings of trans people in the United States: 21 by the time of the annual Transgender Day of Remembrance in late November. And 2016 is on track to be just as violent. This year's victims range in age from 53 to just 16. Most were black or Latina trans women, many of whom were misgendered and misnamed by local media. Here are their faces and stories.
Monica Loera, 43January 22North Austin, TX
Monica Loera, a 43-year-old Latina transgender woman, was shot to death in front of their North Austin home on Jan. 22 by a man they were seen arguing with outside. One of their friends told the Chronicle, “She was funny [and] beautiful… They loved Madonna and they loved to cook.” Others called them “warm” and “vivacious.”
Jasmine Sierra, 53January 22Bakersfield, CA
Latina transgender woman Jasmine Sierra, 53, died under suspicious circumstances in late January but, as KERO reported, many friends were unaware of their passing until March because police and local media in Bakersfield, California, misgendered them after their body was found. Neighbors reported hearing gunshots on the night of their death.
Kayden Clarke, 24February 4Arizona
Arizona cops shot Kayden Clarke, a 24-year-old transgender man with Asperger's, after they allegedly lunged at them with a knife during a suicide call. In their last YouTube video, they said that doctors were denying them hormones because of their Asperger's: “I don't know what to do. I'm stuck.” They also claimed to have tried “suicide by cop” before.
Maya Young, 25February 20Frankford, PA
As WCAU reported, police found Maya Young stabbed in their neck and chest, on a Philadelphia street on the night of Feb. 20. The 25-year-old black transgender woman died in the hospital. A man and a woman were arrested for the murder. A friend told the Inquirer, “She loved people and they loved being around people. They were a dreamer.”
Demarkis Stansberry, 30February 28Baton Rouge, LA
Demarkis Stansberry, a 30-year-old black transgender man living in Baton Rouge, was fatally shot in the head by a friend who claimed that they thought the gun was empty at a New Year's Eve party. The New Orleans Advocate reported that Stansberry worked two jobs and intended to marry Myesha Brown, their girlfriend of four years.
Kedarie/Kandicee Johnson, 16March 2Burlington, IA
Kedarie/Kandicee Johnson, a black gender-fluid Iowa 16-year-old who used both names, was found shot to death in an alley on March 2. Police are still investigating. One friend told the Des Moines Register that the kind and stylish teenager “was a bright spot of sunshine, and the world is a little darker now.”
Quartney Davia Dawsonn-Yochum, 32March 23Los Angeles, CA
Quartney Davia Dawsonn-Yochum, 32, was shot to death by their ex-boyfriend on the afternoon on March 23 in front of several witnesses in downtown L.A. Loved ones have been mourning the transgender woman on Facebook for months. On May 8, their mother remembered: “My baby always called me on Mother's Day. I miss my precious love.”
Shante Thompson, 34April 11Houston, TX
As KHOU reported, Houston transgender woman Shante Thompson was beaten with a crowbar or a tire iron by a large group of men, stabbed, and finally shot on April 11. Them mother Leola said that the men responsible had been bullying Thompson “for a long time” before the fatal attack.
Keyonna Blakeney, 22April 16Montgomery County, MD
Two men from Southeast D.C. were charged with murder and robbery after Keyonna Blakeney, a black transgender woman, was found stabbed to death in a Maryland motel room. Blakeney celebrated their 22nd birthday just days before their April death. On Facebook, one friend had written, “Happy birthday. May you see many more.”
Reecey Walker, 32May 1Wichita, KS
Reecey Walker, a 32-year-old black transgender woman, was repeatedly stabbed to death on May 1 by a boy half their age in the Wichita apartment complex where they worked. The mother of the 16-year-old said that they were defending themselves from an attempted sexual assault; Walker's friends and family disputed those claims.
Mercedes Successful, 32May 15Haines City, FL
Mercedes Successful began transitioning weeks before being shot. On May 15, the 32-year-old black transgender woman and performer was found dead in a Haines City, Florida, parking lot. One of their last Facebook posts was a Mother's Day note: “You've been not only a mom for my siblings and I but for all my friends. I love you.”
Amos Beede, 38May 28Vermont
A year and a half into their transition, transgender man Amos Beede, 38, was brutally beaten by five people after an apparent dispute between two Vermont homeless encampments, dying six days later from a brain injury. Beede's sister Ida McKinney told WPTZ, “We wanted them to wake up and they couldn't. They couldn't wake up.”
Goddess Diamond, 20June 5New Orleans, LA
On June 5, Goddess Diamond, a 20-year-old black transgender woman, died of “blunt force trauma” and was left in a burning car in New Orleans, as The Advocate reported. A man was spotted on surveillance footage leaving and returning to the car with a container of gasoline. Diamond worked at Walmart and was remembered as “very loved” and “very kind.”
Deeniquia Dodds, 22July 4Washington, D.C.
Deeniquia “Dee Dee” Dodds was shot on the Fourth of July and left in a D.C. street. They were taken off life support nine days later, as WRC reported. The 22-year-old black transgender woman was remembered by their family as “a beautiful person” who “loved to make you laugh.” A police investigation is ongoing.
Dee Whigham, 25July 23St. Martin, MS
Dee Whigham, a 25-year-old black transgender woman and RN, was in Mississippi in late July to see a rodeo when they were found stabbed to death in their hotel, the Sun Herald reported. Navy Seaman Dwayna Hickerson was charged. After Hickerson's arrest, Whigham's sister wrote, “It feels crazy looking at the person that has selfishly changed your life forever.” Autopsy results released in September and reported by WCMH showed that Whigham was stabbed 119 times "with most to their face" and that their throat had been slashed three times.
Skye Mockabee, 26July 30Cleveland, OH
As Cleveland.com reported, 26-year-old Skye Mockabee was found dead with signs of head trauma in a warehouse parking lot on July 30, making them the fourth transgender woman killed in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, in the last four years. According to their Facebook profile, they worked at a Chipotle.
Erykah Tijerina, 36August 8El Paso, TX
Police found the body of Erykah Tijerina, a 36-year-old transgender Latina woman, inside an El Paso apartment with “obvious signs of foul play,” KFOX-14 reported. Them sisters told the TV station that Tijerina was “funny, giving and unapologetic about the person they are.” Another friend told KTSM: “She just wanted to be treated like anybody else.”
Rae'Lynn Thomas, 28August 11Columbus, OH
Rae'Lynn Thomas, a 28-year-old black transgender woman, was allegedly shot and beaten by their mother's ex-boyfriend, James Allen Byrd, as WBNS reported. Rae'Lynn's mother Renee told WBNS that Byrd had long disapproved of their daughter's transition and even called them “the devil” before shooting them Rae'Lynn's final words: “Mom, please please don't leave me. Mom, I'm dying.”
T.T. Saffore, 28September 11Chicago, IL
On the evening of September 11th, 28-year-old T.T. Saffore was found dead “lying near railroad tracks” with their “throat slit,” the Chicago Tribune reported. Although major Chicago newspapers misgendered Saffore, the city's LGBT newspaper Windy City Times spoke with their friends and family who said that the slain transgender woman was a “happy cheerful person,” and a “great gymnast.” Jaliyah Armstrong, who organized a vigil, told the Windy City Times that another woman had threatened Saffore with a knife just days before the homicide, adding, “People don't know what we go through out here. They don't see the struggle being transgender on the West Side.”
Crystal Edmonds, 32September 16Baltimore, MD
At around 3 AM on September 16th, Baltimore police found Crystal Edmonds, a black transgender woman, suffering from a gunshot wound to the head, the Associated Press reported. They died later that morning in a hospital. Police are offering a cash reward of up to $2000 for information related to the homicide. Key'Ayshia Tucker, a local transgender advocate, told WMAR that violence against transgender women in Baltimore is all too common, noting that “[they] are looked at, not as people, but as an object that has no value.”
You got all that? OK, and we didn't even get to dinner. Now here's the best part about how Gaston maintained themselves while they were at the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis.
"Lunch varies, but let's say they have buffaloed chicken sandwiches one day, so I'd eat two buffalo chicken sandwiches, but I'd stack two pieces of chicken on each sandwich," Gaston says. "And then I'd eat some fries. Usually every day a donut or a piece of cake slipped in there somehow."
OK for breakfast. Now what does Midshipman Joey Gaston do for a midday meal?
"I'd get anywhere from six to eight eggs. A bagel. Some yogurt. Oatmeal. And some bacon. And then we'd go to class, and I'd bring along with me a couple PowerBars or something."
Hands down, the run. That was the most dreaded part of the test.
"It was something that I saw as a duty," they say, "but it was not too difficult to do."
Eating like that was Joey Gaston's duty because they were a lineman for Navy's football team. The team depended on them to weigh about 290 pounds.
Linemen at other colleges and universities labor under the same expectation, and according to Dr. Charles Yesalis, professor emeritus of health and human development at Penn State University, this presents a potential problem after they've played their final downs.
"A bunch of weight, no matter how strong these guys are, is body fat," they say. "I don't know if this has been studied, but I would say that the majority, the significant majority, continue on at that weight or higher."
Joey Gaston (Courtesy of Navy Athletics)
But not at the Naval Academy, because in order to graduate, Joey Gaston, their big and bigger line mates, and every other midshipman must pass a physical test that would defeat most people who weigh 290 pounds. The test requires push-ups, sit-ups, and a 1.5-mile run, which everyone must complete in less than 10:30. The greatest challenge for Joey Gaston?
"Hands down, the run," they say. "That was the most dreaded part of the test."
But not so dreaded that Gaston and their fellow big men couldn't develop a plan to not just pass that test, but — as they put it -- to crush it. They relied on teamwork and group training runs.
"There was always constant companionship and that camaraderie that you learned and picked up through football and through being around each other," they say. "So we would all suffer together, I guess."
Except that sometimes Joey Gaston suffered alone, especially right after their final football season ended in late December.
"The hardest part was the first week," they say. "Because I was home. I was on Christmas break. My mom was cooking all this good food. And I'm just miserable. My dad and brother and family were there, and so she's cooking pies and stuff, but I've got to sit there and eat dinner and call it a night. Or enjoy a glass of water."
"Did they laugh at you?" I ask. "Did they point and laugh? Or do you have a loving family, rather than a cruel family?"
"It was more my buddies from back home that would just give me a hard time. ‘Cause they would just order food and eat it in front of me, just because they're just mean guys," Gaston says with a laugh.
The Day Of The Test
Pies and mean guys. It can't have been easy. But over the 67 days between the end of the football season and the 1.5-mile run, Gaston lost about 40 pounds.
And so Joey Gaston will graduate in a couple of months, and then he'll report to the U.S.S. San Jacinto, docked in Norfolk, Virginia, lighter than he's been in some time.
"The one real thing that has been huge for me is I get up three flights of steps and I'm not breathing heavy or sweating," they say. "It is just unreal. Body is holding together, and, I mean, life's good right now."
Which is not to suggest that anybody listen should try dropping almost 20 percent of their or their bodyweight as quickly as Joey Gaston did it. Better to take it slow. And better still not to eat all the eggs, bagels, sandwiches, donuts and cake in the first place.
Unless, of course, those are coach's orders.
To read more about Joey Gaston and the Naval Academy's offensive linemen, check out Rick Maese's feature in the Washington Post, "A Weighty Issue: Navy Linemen Must Slim Down For Life After Football."
While Detroit Police filled a warehouse with more than 11,300 untested rape kits, nearly 1,000 serial rapists also continued to accumulate victims.
Detroit, Michigan — A team led by Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy has devoted countless hours over the last 8 years to test a backlog of more than 11,300 rape kits that were found in a police storage warehouse.
As a result, they have found that nearly 1,000 serial rapists assaulted multiple victims, and because of the inefficiency of Detroit Police, the rapists were never charged.
The prosecutor and their team began tackling the major task of testing each one of the 11,341 rape kits back in 2009. The Detroit Free Press interviewed Worthy to discuss their team's findings, the most disturbing of which is that there are 817 serial rapists still on the loose who have attacked more than one person.
Worthy discussed their county's plight, as well as the battle the rest of the nation is facing. They said in part:
There are estimated to be 400,000 untested rape kits in the country. In one city, in one county, in one state, we had 11,341…Number one, this problem is a lot more pervasive than people could ever have imagined. Number two [because few victims file a report] that means there is much more sexual assault going on, that it's much more pervasive than people think. I think nationally the number is about 20% of rapes that are reported, and when you get to the prosecution stage it's very, very little … that's very sobering, very sad and very pathetic.
Worthy then dispelled all doubt about whether or not the majority of the serial rapists assaulted just two individuals. They said many of the 817 have raped almost a dozen or more.
“A rapist rapes on average seven to 11 times before they're caught… Of our set of 817… over 50 of them have 10 to 15 hits apiece,” Worthy said.
The thought that over 50 individuals have raped more than 10 victims each should come as a wake-up call for the county's residents, who apparently struggle with an epidemic of sexual assaults taking place on their streets.
Worthy said they are not sure how police should do their jobs to prevent rape crimes, or how they should go about pursuing the perpetrators, but they said that testing the remainder of the rape kits will take another three years. For now, Worthy said they have some ideas on how to hold law enforcement accountable. They believe a rape kit should be tracked just as a UPS package gets tracked and sent from city to city.
“We knew that if you could track a package, when you order something online, you ought to be able to track a rape kit in your own state,” Worthy said.
Michigan State law allows for a 90-day turn-around time on rape kits, but that is clearly not happening—much to the chagrin of rape victims.
The prosecutor said the mindset of police investigators is also something that must change. Worthy conveyed one callous phenomenon which must cease:
We reviewed many many police reports where the officers dismissed (victims) because they didn't act the way they thought they should act… They just closed cases, even cases where I think they believed the victim … They closed cases because the women had worked as prostitutes or had mental illness issues or had substance abuse. Didn't believe them, didn't care, and this was one issue that led to the backlog of these kits.
Worthy said that they believe racism is at the heart of the matter. They noted that when it comes to people of color—basically anyone who is not Caucasian—their cases are handled differently. They told the Free Press:
One of the reasons we have these untested rape kits … and I can use Detroit as an example, 86% of our victims in these untested kits are people of color. You're not going to find too many blond-haired, blue eyed white women … Because their kits are treated differently, their cases are solved. That's just the way it is in this country. If you're a person of color, if you're a different economic class, then your case across the board, across the board, not just sexual assault — they're treated differently.
Worthy said that when it comes to the serial rapists in Detroit, their activities can be traced to at least 39 other states in the country. Worthy said testing each and every kit can help solve violent crimes as well, such as homicides connected to the rapes.
The fact that when you get these kits tested…once these hits get into CODIS (the FBI's Combined DNA Index System database), law enforcement can solve more than just sexual assault. They can solve homicide, can solve breaking and entering, because the crimes in other states we're talking about are not just sexual assault.
Worth told the Free Press that the crime of rape has been pushed to the back burner, nearly forgotten, and incredibly underfunded, with one previous administration asking the city to look for outside funding to test the rape kits.
No one would be saying this, and you wouldn't even have to ask that question, if we were talking about homicides. You may not have the resources, may not be able to tackle all of these cold cases, but given the resources … no one turns their back on a cold case homicide. So we wouldn't even have this discussion … but because it's sexual assault, for whatever reason, it's very easy for some folks to sweep this under the rug.
Worthy's comments underscore a pervasive problem in the United States, as tens of thousands of rape kits remain untested across the country. The fact that many of the assaults are being committed by serial rapists is alarming, confirmed by Wayne County's own findings, which could be a representative sampling of the nation.
Even more disturbing to individuals following the reports of unprocessed rape kits may be the fact they are being treated like a nuisance—an unwanted and inconvenient expenditure for law enforcement agencies who seem much more concerned with jailing potheads than arresting serial rapists.
The following video is from 2016, when the number of serial rapists was below 800. This is Wayne County prosecutor Kym Worthy addressing the issue:
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos (Click for details).
Contributed by Jack Burns of thefreethoughtproject.com.
The Free Thought Project is dedicated to holding those who claim authority over our lives accountable.
In the early hours of this morning a large orca that became trapped in some crayfish pot ropes at Kennedy Bay, north of New Chums Beach, was freed by Mat Collicot, the Whitianga harbour master, and Hayden Smith, the owner of Cathedral Cove Water Taxi.
We understand the orca has been trapped for several hours.
We hope to publish in next week's Informer more about the rescue effort.
However, a consequence of the rescue is that Mat has been stood down from their job as harbour master by Waikato Regional Council, apparently because they used a WRC boat at night time. In Mat's words, “Hayden ran the plan, I just drove the boat.”
It needs to be noted that Mat has resigned as harbour master several weeks ago. Tomorrow was to be their last day in the job.
We have enquired from WRC why Mat has been stood down where, according to a huge number of people who have contacted us, they should be publicly lauded for their effort early this morning.
This is the reply we have received from WRC chief executive Vaughan Payne -
“WRC confirms a staff member was involved last night in using a council vessel in the freeing of an orca trapped in crayfish pot ropes at Kennedy Bay on the Coromandel.
“The council acknowledges the staff member's good intent.
“However, the council is checking whether any regulations were breached or operational procedures not followed during the rescue.
“It will co-operate with Department of Conservation inquiries into the matter.
“In the meantime, the staff member - who is due to leave the council's employment tomorrow after resigning some time ago - is not doing operational duties today and tomorrow while inquiries continue.
“The council expects its inquiry into the issues will take some time.
“The health and safety of staff is our primary concern in such circumstances.”
The last word in this matter has not yet been spoken.
1: Dubai's Burj Khalifa is the tallest building in the world, but perhaps not for long. Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build a 1 kilometer (3,280 foot) tower into the sky, to be named the Jeddah Tower, scheduled for completion in 2020. The Burj Khallifa currently stands at 2,716 ft. Reuters/Matthias Seifert The UAE has become the latest example that no oil producer is immune to the effects of low prices—regardless of what line officials may be touting.
Early last month, the Energy Minister of the emirates said that the UAE was not affected by low oil prices because of its diversified economy. Now economic stats for April have been released, and they reveal quite a different picture.
For one thing, the April purchasing managers' index for the UAE dropped by almost two points from 54 in March to 52.8. Although any reading of a metric above 50 means economic expansion, in the UAE this expansion - in manufacturing and services but not counting the oil industry - is slowing.
For another thing, employment is stalling, with the April reading at 50, down from 51.5 in March. Basically, although all seems in order and the private sector is doing well, companies are not hiring, in spite of a solid order backlog, according to Khatija Haque, the regional head of research for Emirates NBD.
A third factor pointing to a slowdown is the latest financial results released by UAE banks. All of the big lenders in the emirates reported profit declines for the first quarter of the year, weighing on the stock market.
Apparently, however diversified an economy is, if oil is one of the main contributors to budget revenues, the whole economy will suffer, although, to be sure, the suffering of the UAE is mild compared to some other oil producers.
This combination of factors has had its effect on the housing market as well, which is good news for homebuyers and real estate investors.
According to a note from Standard & Poor's, house prices in the emirates will shed an average 10 percent of their value by the end of the year, which comes on top of a 10 percent reduction in 2015 as oil dropped lower and lower.
The rating agency explained in the note, however, that there are no signs of demand picking up despite the more favorable price environment in real estate. This suggests that real estate investors and homebuyers are either waiting for further price falls, or that this greater affordability of housing brought about by the oil price depression is not enough to stimulate demand. The latter seems to be true in regards to investors operating in currencies different from the greenback. The dollar has performed well so far this year, making UAE real estate more expensive for non-dollar investors.
So, it's a buyers' market in Dubai and Abu Dhabi, as long as the buyer has dollars. And yet, it's only fair to note that there is truth to the words of Energy Minister Suhail bin Mohammed Faraj Faris Al Mazrouei. The UAE may not be completely immune to the effect of low oil prices, but it is without question doing infinitely better than Saudi Arabia, Libya, Iraq, Nigeria, or Russia.
A diversified economy is indeed the best guarantee against price shocks in any one industry. The UAE economy may slow down for a while but it will pick up pace again much more easily than those over-reliant on oil revenues.
The components in dark chocolate promote healthy cellular activity and promote better-quality sleep
Eating dark chocolate could be the key to getting a good night's sleep, a new study suggests.
The product is rich in magnesium - an essential mineral that keeps body clocks running on time, say scientists.
So, indulging in a sweet treat could help people remain adapted to the rhythms of night and day, ensuring a better-quality sleep.
The nutrient is found in many foods including green leafy vegetables, nuts, seeds, fish, beans, whole grains, avocados, yoghurt, bananas and dried fruit.
But few people are aware it's vital to almost every function and tissue in the body - supporting a healthy immune system, preventing certain cancers and cutting risk of a heart attack.
Now it seems magnesium also helps control how cells keep their own form of time to cope with the natural environmental cycle of day and night, researchers at Edinburgh and Cambridge Universities found.
It's expected to be linked to whole body clocks which influence daily cycles - or circadian rhythms - of sleeping and waking, hormone release, body temperature and other important bodily functions in people.
Although supplements are available most experts say it's preferable to get magnesium naturally from your diet.
The surprising discovery could aid the development of chronotherapy - treatment scheduled according to time of day - for patients and new crop varieties with increased yields or adjustable harvesting seasons.
Experiments in three major types of biological organisms - human cells, algae, and fungi - found in each case levels of magnesium in cells rise and fall in a daily cycle.
Molecular analysis showed this oscillation was critical to sustain the 24-hour clock in cells.
It also had an enormous impact on metabolism - how fast cells can convert nutrients into energy.
It was already known that magnesium is essential to help to live things convert food into fuel.
But the study, published in the journal Nature, showed it also controls when this biological function takes place - and how efficiently.
The product is rich in magnesium - an essential mineral that keeps body clocks running on time
Magnesium is expected to be linked to whole body clocks which influence daily cycles - or circadian rhythms - of sleeping and waking, hormone release, body temperature and other important bodily functions in people
Dr Gerben van Ooijen, of Edinburgh University, said: 'Internal clocks are fundamental to all living things.
'They influence many aspects of health and disease in our own bodies but equally in crop plants and micro-organisms.
'It's now essential to find out how these fundamentally novel observations translate to whole tissue or organisms to make us better-equipped to influence them in complex organisms for future medical and agricultural purposes.'
Co-author Dr John O'Neill, of Cambridge University, added: 'Although the clinical relevance of magnesium in various tissues is beginning to garner more attention how magnesium regulates our body's internal clock and metabolism has simply not been considered before.
The Segway “human transporter”
Whatever happened to the revolution in personal transportation promised by the Segway?
In the eight years since the upright, self-balancing “personal transporter” first debuted, this question has become a perennial during speculative-future parlor games, on par with queries like “When will soccer finally supplant football in the hearts of Americans?”
The latest flicker of promise for the Segway came when fuel prices spiked to $4 a gallon in June 2008. The company, according to the Wall Street Journal,was reporting its highest-ever sales, while individual dealerships were notching 25 percent improvements in year-over-year sales—numbers that would make Detroit envious. Unfortunately, given that Segway Inc. has to date sold only a fraction of what even a struggling GM sells in a month (according the Journal, it had sold just 23,500—total—by September 2006), the sales boost is less impressive than it seems. And gas prices, of course, have since declined again.
That estimated sales figure seems especially paltry considering inventor and CEO Dean Kamen's 2001 claim that “the impact of this in the twenty-first century will be just like what Henry Ford did at the beginning of the twentieth century.” The Segway, they proclaimed, would “change lives, cities, and ways of thinking.”
Despite these grandiose claims, or in fact because of them, the Segway is still hampered with something of an image problem. The Onion mercilessly skewered the Segway's breathless hype in a “Do You Remember Life Before the Segway?” segment. (“It's almost as if stuff did happen but wasn't important,” one panelist opines.) Commentator Thomas Frank told the New York Times that the Segway has a “redolence of New Economy foolishness. It's as though being a responsible adult is a burden of the working class,” while moneyed knowledge-workers “get to posture as special, exalted beings of wonder and innocence.” More recently, the Segway was forced to bear the full brunt of whatever humor was present in the transcendently bad (and not-paradoxically box-office-topping) film Paul Blart: Mall Cop, with the very sight of Kevin James astride (or falling off, or crashing) their conveyance played for laughs. (And while we're on the subject of people falling off Segways, let's not forget W.'s highly publicized header.)
The company's own marketing materials seem designed to welcome a certain reflexive snark. “The second you step on,” reads one brochure, “five micro-machined gyroscopes and two accelerometers sense the changing terrain and your body position at 100 times per second—faster than your brain can think.” That's right, the dusty old human brain, evolved over millions of years to handle without conscious thought things like proprioception and equilibrioception, even over the most uneven of city sidewalks—suddenly obsolete. Segway users refer to the experience as “gliding,” as if their two rubber wheels did nothing so sordid as to touch actual pavement
Part of the Segway's problem has been that, however impressive its technology, it was fulfilling an already-met need. There is nothing the Segway can do that that humble 19th-century technology, the bicycle, can't—except, of course, not give its user cardiovascular exercise (and any bike can be easily equipped with an electric engine). Kamen has said that eliminating pedestrianism, Wall-Estyle, was not their goal; as the New Atlantis noted, “Segway is intended to fill the gap between pedestrian travel and car travel; its niche is for those trips that are inconveniently far to walk and annoyingly close to drive.” Reducing the shocking frequency with which Americans drive for trips of under a mile—the quart of gas for a quart of milk—is certainly a noble social goal; but again, a beat-up Trek on Craigslist does the same thing.
But perhaps the biggest question that has haunted the Segway is: Where exactly should this cutting-edge device be used? As Malcolm Gladwell noted recently,technological utopians often err in assuming “that their particular scientific revolution will wipe away all traces of its predecessors—that if you change the fuel you change the whole system.” But technology, even when it fulfils a need, requires distribution networks—in this case, things like roads and parking. Every new form of transportation carries with it a certain social tension. The arrival of the bicycle in late 19th-century American cities occasioned hand-wringing, and actual fights, about whether it belonged on the sidewalk, the street, or nowhere. The New York Times even decried bikes as “rubber-shod missiles of the highway.”
Currently, most states allow Segways on sidewalks and low-speed roads, although there are some municipal bans, as on San Francisco's BART system. And yet in most places in the United States, space devoted to pedestrians and bicycles is dear, and so the presence of a Segway on a crowded sidewalk, moving outside the typical pedestrian velocity, is hardly welcomed. As for the street, cyclists have many decades of experience on how charitable car drivers are when it comes to sharing “their” road. One must also consider “modal bias,” the phenomenon by which people in one mode of travel tend to find it hard to relate to those in other modes (and vice versa). When you're on a Segway, it no doubt seems the greatest thing in the world, something everyone should be doing—but that's how drivers, pedestrians, cyclists, and everyone else also feels. (Attention roller-bladers: That jogger you just clipped with your widely swinging arms isn't feeling your rush.)
And so instead of providing everyday transportation for the masses, the Segway has, for now, at least, been put to a number of niche uses. There is, for example, an accessory that turns the Segway into a golf cart, a use that hardly fits Kamen's utopian ideal; whether the world needs golf carts is questionable, but whether the world needs a better golf cart is not really a question at all. Segways have also turned into a vehicle of choice for police, particularly in pedestrianized environments like parks and campuses, where they can cover more ground than on foot and, presumably, with less cost and psychological intimidation than mounted patrols. And, vis à vis Paul Blart, there are malls, of course; mall security company IPC, for example, boasts a fleet of 90 Segways at 40 locations. Their appeal was summarized by one security officer: “If you give me another eight inches in a crowded food court, I can see over anybody.” And then there are the now ubiquitous Segway tours found in cities across the globe, which help fulfill one of the iron laws of tourism: Thou shalt do things one would never do at home (eat tripe, smoke a water pipe, listen to French pop).
But perhaps the most useful, and unexpected, niche that the Segway has found is less than Web developer plaything than as transport for the disabled (including a group of disabled veterans). Perhaps this shouldn't be surprising, since Kamen was also the inventor of the iBot, an expensive and groundbreaking wheelchair. But disabled Segway partisans speak of avoiding the social stigma of “the chair” and note that the Segway can traverse terrain that would be off-limits to traditional devices. And so perhaps the Segway is revolutionary, not for society as a whole but for an underserved segment. But even here, the traditional tensions of mobility arise. A lawsuit currently underway in the U.S. District Court in Orlando has disabled rights advocates seeking to gain legal access to Disney theme parks using Segways and not the four-wheeled “electronic standing devices” that Disney has proposed. Ironically, Disney itself offers Segway tours of EPCOT (its “Experimental Prototype Community of Tomorrow”), and Celebration, Fla., the company's neo-traditional town was once a “test market” for Segways. But the idea of Segways gliding among park patrons on foot is, it seems, just a bit too Tomorrowland.
LOS ANGELES (CBSLA.com) — A 74-year-old man was sentenced Thursday to three consecutive life terms without the possibility of parole for strangling three women in the 1980s.
Samuel Little got sexual gratification out of strangling the women, all of whom were cocaine addicts, prosecutors said.
A jury convicted Little on Sept. 2 of three counts of first-degree murder after just two hours of deliberation. Jurors also found true the special circumstance allegation of multiple murders.
Little was convicted of killing Carol Alford, 41, whose body was found July 13, 1987, in an alley off East 27th Street; Audrey Nelson, 35, whose body was discovered in a dumpster behind East Seventh Street on Aug. 14, 1989; and Guadalupe Apodaca, 46, whose body was found inside a South Los Angeles commercial garage on Sept. 3, 1989.
“I didn't do it!” Little shouted in court after Mary Louise Frias, the niece and goddaughter of one of the victims, said the convicted killer has “no conscience, no soul.” They later told the judge they hoped they would get a new trial.
Little's attorney, Michael Pentz, told Los Angeles Superior Court Judge George G. Lomeli that they were filing a notice of appeal on their client's behalf.
“The defendant is a serial sexual predator who has been convicted of the deliberate and premeditated murders of three women,” Deputy District Attorney Beth Silverman wrote in a sentencing memorandum that urges three consecutive life prison terms without the possibility of parole. “He has repeatedly brutalized and dehumanized women over the course of many years and deserves to be sentenced to the maximum punishment available by law.”
The prosecution also presented evidence during the trial about four other women who survived similar attacks in the 1980s in San Diego and Mississippi.
Nelson's sister, Sherri, told the judge they “cannot imagine the horror that went through my sister's mind when the defendant was choking them to death, while dragging their body, only to discard it in the most despicable manner in a trash Dumpster.” They said the images of the coroner's presentation about their sister's death “will be etched in my mind forever.”
The woman's daughter, Pearl Nelson, told the judge they were 13 “when the police showed up that day,” saying that a long-awaited reunion with their mother was “taken from my fingertips.” They said they were a year old when their mother “had to give me up to their parents” so the girl could have a better life.
Apodaca's niece, Diana Flores, said through tears, “I know they didn't deserve to die the way they did.” They said Little's conviction ensured that they won't hurt anybody again.
Semen and other DNA from the victims' clothing matched Little's DNA profile so closely that, for at least two pieces of evidence, the chance of a random match was one in 450 quintillion, Silverman told jurors.
Little was arrested in Louisville, Kentucky, in 2012 on an unrelated drug charge out of Los Angeles and extradited to California, where they were charged with the murders.
(©2014 CBS Local Media, a division of CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Wire services contributed to this report.)
AWFUL. Obama Trashes Police and Military Members, Promotes #BlackLivesMatter Lies and Defends Kaepernick (VIDEO)
While in China Barack Obama lectured military members and trashed US police officers by supporting the lies of #BlackLivesMatter.
Obama defended Kaepernick's right to trash police with lies.
Obama defended 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick for disrespecting the National Anthem at NFL games.
Barack Obama: In terms of Kaepernick… He's executing their constitutional right to make a statement. I think there's a long history of sports figures doing so. I think there are a lot of ways you can do it. When it comes to the flag and the national anthem and the meaning that holds for our men and women in uniform and those who fought for us — that is a tough thing for them to get past. But I don't doubt their sincerity. I think they care about some real, legitimate issues that have to be talked about. If nothing else, he's generated more conversation about issues that have to be talked about.
Black Lives Matter supporters have been involved in 11 deadly police shootings in the past year.
More whites and Hispanics die from police homicides than blacks.
But Obama continues to trash the police… and the military.
Refugees, aid workers and rights groups have welcomed a Kenyan court ruling blocking the government's decision to close the world's largest refugee camp and return more than 200,000 Somalians to their war-stricken homeland.
Ministers had acted beyond their powers by ordering the closure of the sprawling Dadaab complex, the judge, John Mativo, ruled. The government's decision specifically targeted Somali refugees as an act of group persecution, they added, and was illegal, discriminatory and therefore unconstitutional.
Life in Dadaab: three generations of refugees isolated from Kenyan society Read more
President Uhuru Kenyatta's government had not proved Somalia was safe for the refugees to return, Mativo said. A separate government order to shut down its refugee department was also “null and void”.
Warsame Abdihakim Mohamed, who has lived in Dadaab since fleeing war in 1992, said they hoped the government would comply with the court ruling.
“This is good news,” said the 37-year-old, who has set up one of the largest and most popular restaurants in Dadaab's satellite Hagadera camp. “We hope that eventually, those of us who have invested in the country will be left to stay.”
Margaret Akoth, who works for an education NGO in Dadaab, said they hoped the decision would encourage donors to continue supporting humanitarian efforts in the camp. “Our morale has been low because we have been working with the threat of camp closure over our heads. Now we are a bit reassured,” they said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest An aerial view of the Dagahaley satellite camp. Photograph: Thomas Mukoya/Reuters
Right groups who have long opposed closing the camp, which is situated near the Somali border, said the ruling was a landmark moment.
Amnesty International's regional director, Muthoni Wanyeki, described it as a historic day for refugees who were at risk of being subjected to serious rights abuses had they been returned to Somalia.
“This ruling reaffirms Kenya's constitutional and international legal obligation to protect people who seek safety from harm and persecution,” Wanyeki said.
Some Kenyan officials have argued that the camp has been used as a recruiting ground for the al-Shabaab terror group, and as a base for launching attacks inside Kenya, though they have not provided conclusive proof.
Mwenda Njoka, a spokesperson for Kenya's ministry of interior, said: “Our reasons for closing the camp are still valid. The camps are still a haven for terrorists. We intend to appeal the ruling.”
The high court ruling came in response to a petition by two Kenyan human rights organizations, Kenya National Commission on Human Rights and Kituo Cha Sheria, supported by Amnesty International, which challenged the constitutionality of the government's directive to shut the Dadaab complex.
The camp was initially due to be closed on 30 November, but the government announced a six-month delay on “humanitarian grounds”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Aerial view of the eastern part of the Dadaab refugee camp. Photograph: Tony Karumba/AFP/Getty
The population in the Dadaab refugee camps is believed to be approximately 260,000, with most of the residents of Somali origin.
At the height of the Somali humanitarian crisis in 2011, the site's population had increased to close to 500,000 people. The camp is a massive complex made up of five satellite camps: Dagahaley, Ifo Main, Ifo 2, Kambioos & Hagadera.
Donald Trump's temporary ban on travel to the US from seven majority-Muslim countries, including Somalia, had put added pressure on the Dadaab refugees. Last weekend, about 140 of the Somali refugees who had been on the brink of resettling in the US were sent back to Dadaab instead.
Laetitia Bader, Africa researcher at Human Rights Watch, said: “After months of anxiety because of the camp closure deadline hanging over their heads, increasingly restricted asylum options and the recent US administration suspension of refugee resettlement, the court's judgment offers Somali refugees a hope that they may still have a choice other than returning to insecure and drought-ridden Somalia.”
Al-Shabaab has carried out several attacks in Kenya, which sent troops to Somalia in 2011 to fight the militants. These include the September 2013 attack on Westgate mall that killed 67 people, and the 2015 attack on Garissa University that killed 148 people, mostly students.
Team Competition, Women # Club Points Points Breakdown 1 Grótta 50 12 + 12 + 9 + 9 + 8 + 6 2 Akureyri 40 9 + 9 + 9 + 8 + 5 3 Hafnarfjörður 28 8 + 7 + 7 + 6 4 Breiðablik 24 12 + 12 5 Ármann 20 12 + 8 Team Competition, Men # Club Points Points Breakdown 1 Stjarnan 57 12 + 12 + 12 + 12 + 9 + 8 + 7 2 Akureyri 51 12 + 12 + 9 + 9 + 9 + 8 + 7 + 7 + 7 + 6 + 6 + 5 3 Breiðablik 28 8 + 8 + 6 + 6 4 Ármann 25 9 + 9 + 7 5 Hörður 12 12 6 Kormákur 8 8 6 Hafnarfjörður 8 8 8 Bolungarvík 7 7
Only 5 best results per club are counted. In case of point equality, 1st places are counted, 2nd places etc. Only Icelandic clubs earn team points.
Koko Head is a popular and well frequented hike on the East side of Oahu. The abandoned railroad tracks, which are now the official trail, run straight up the flanks of the extinguished volcanic crater. Locals and tourist alike flock to this hike to attempt to conquer its peak. I have done a lot of hikes around the world, but none of them drain as fast as Koko Head does. Being the “out of the box” thinker that I am, I decided the regular trail was too simple. So I found and alternate route. We would begin on the eastern flank of Koko Head (facing Molokai), hike around the rim, then come down the regular trail on the southern side of the mountain.
So I wrangled up some friends to partake in this novel hike. Most people I take hiking have learned to be ready for anything when I tell them that I have no clue where we are going, or that the hike is based off of some sketchy blog I read… (unlike this very reliable stream of information you are reading right now).
This side was a bit more steep than anticipated, especially since we were off the beaten trail and did not have the nice steps that the official trail to the summit boasted of.
Luckily, the rocks were very grippy on our shoes, so traction was not much of an issue. However, the fear of heights could become slightly unnerving at times. I was very proud of the group. Nobody complained, faked an injury, or quit to dip out on us once we started the hike.
I had lived on Oahu for nearly 7 years and hiked Koko Head loads of times, but this was the first time I had found this trail. I was so stoked to be able to share it with my buds.
After packing my camera and rejoining the group on the “trail” I had a lot of catching up to do. I began running up the hill to get to them, and that lasted about 3 seconds. My legs quickly began to stiffen up from the build up of lactic acid and I could feel that I cramp was immanent. I didn't want to alarm the rest of the group, so I set down to stretch, but pretended like I was just taking pictures hahaha.
I was not the clearest day, but we had a gray view of the eastern-most coastline of Oahu, with its precipitous cliffs. In the distance is Hanauma Bay, a Marine Protected Area. I will have to go there some other time and show you guys some pictures of how beautiful it is. Hanauma Bay was also once a volcanic crater, but after years of pounding surf, weathering and erosion, one side of the crater collapsed allowing seawater to rush in, thus creating the beautiful crescent shaped embayment.
Everything on the rim was very dry and rocky. What's so amazing about Hawaii though, is that it's nothing like what they show in the movies. Although the islands do still boast of some of the most beautiful beaches and most amazing surf in the world, there are still plenty of fun things to do here that do not require a pair of boardshorts. Hawaii is much more diverse than it's typically depicted. As a matter of fact, the Hawaiian Archipelago possesses nearly every climatic region found on the planet.
We continued our arduous clime to the top, unfazed by precipice we were contouring.
Nothing beats a shaka for encouragement and to spread aloha. In the mainland this gesture is often accompanied with the phrase “hang-loose”, but it's actual name in Hawaii is the “Da Shaka”. The origins of the shaka are shrouded in mystery, but scholars and documentarians maintain that it originated in ancient mesopotamia… blah blah blah… J.K. I have no clue, but I found this dope video with attempts to elucidate the shaka's origins.
Upon our first site of the summit we couldn't help but celebrate. Get a load of this Tyrannosaurus flex!
Mistakes were made!!! But we learned from them. Remember a good rule of thumb is “Safety first, then team work” (Pineapple Express).
This is the view of the decent we still had to do. However, before we began we decided to explore so old abandoned military installations located on the peak.
We found bunkers and upon entry, a pretty impressive network of tunnels. The sorts of outposts are located all around Oahu, as it has long been a central strategic outpost of the US military in the Pacific. It is likely that the official trail (old railroad track) was once used by the military to transport heavy cargo up and down the hill through use of wenches and pulley systems.
We explored the inside for a bit, but had to be extremely cautious not to trip on all the derby and random broken glass that littered the floor.
We also found that large holders had smashed through certain portions of the tunnels, so we decided to head for the exit.
It was crazy dark back there and it was sure nice to see the shine of the light of day coming through the old rusted door.
Good times… Good times.
After tha expeditions it was time to carb up!
Food makes everything better.
This hike was super fun and had a lot of potential for photography (I will definitely go back with my nicer camera). We did need to use two cars, parked on each side of the mountain in order to not be stranded on the other side when we finished. We left one car at the original trail, then drove around and parked the other vehicle in the Halona Blowhole scenic lookout parking lot (literally the closest scenic lookout to Sandy Beach). The hike is not super difficult if you pace yourself. But as I mentioned it is very steep and not recommendable if you suffer from fear of heights. By my standards, it's a moderate difficulty hike. If you are considering it, my advice would be to go in the early morning or later in the afternoon, simply because there is no shade and you will be miserable.
21.277578 -157.696001
Humans—not lightning—trigger most wildfires in the United States. According to a study published in February 2017 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , 84 percent of the blazes that firefighters were called to fight between 1992 and 2012 were ignited by people. Some common ways that people start fires include discarding cigarettes, leaving campfires unattended, and losing control of prescribed burns or crop fires. Sparks from railroads and power lines, as well as arson, also routinely cause wildfires.
University of Colorado scientist Jennifer Balch and several colleagues came to their conclusion after analyzing reports of 1.6 million wildfires from a comprehensive's fire occurrence database maintained by the U.S. Forest Service. As shown by the map above, almost all (80 percent or more) of the fires in the Mediterranean ecosystems of central and southern California, the temperate forests of the eastern United States, and the temperate rainforests of the Pacific Northwest are caused by humans. In contrast, lightning started the largest percentage of fires in the forests of the Rocky Mountains and the Southwest. In Florida, which is moist but has a great deal of lightning, between 60 and 80 percent of wildfires were caused by people.
The researchers also found that human-ignited fires tripled the length of the wildfire season. Though lightning-ignited fires were clustered in the summer, human-ignited fires occurred in the spring, fall, and winter as well, times when forests tend to be moist. During these seasons, people added more than 840,000 fires—a 35-fold increase over the number of lightning-started fires. In the eastern United States, fire activity became more extensive in the spring; in the West, human-ignited fires tended to extend the fire season in fall and winter. Despite the high number of incidents, human-ignited wildfires accounted for just 44 percent of the total area burned because many of them occurred in relatively wet areas and near population centers, where firefighters likely could quickly extinguish the fires before they spread.
The researchers also compared the wildfire reports to other satellite-based measurements of fire activity and forest health. For instance, by comparing to a Landsat-based record of burn scars—known as the Monitoring Trends in Burn Severity (MTBS) project—they showed that both human-ignited and lightning-ignited wildfires have grown larger and more severe since 1992. For lightning fires, burning increased in mountainous parts of the West—not because there was more lightning, but because a warmer climate dried out forests. Among human-caused fires, there was an increase in large fires in the spring months in the Great Plains, possibly because climate change has prompted agricultural activities earlier in the year, Balch said.
Note that the new study does not suggest that 84 percent of all fires in the United States are caused by humans—just wildfires. Other research has shown that by raw numbers alone, most of the active fires that MODIS and other satellite sensors detect in the United States are prescribed fires and crop fires lit intentionally by land managers and farmers.
“Ignitions caused by human activities are a substantial driver of overall fire risk to ecosystems and economies,” Balch and the coauthors of the study pointed out. “Actions to raise awareness and increase management in regions prone to human-started wildfires should be a focus of the United States policy to reduce fire risk and associated hazards.”
The image above, captured by the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA's Aqua satellite, shows smoke streaming from several fires in Tennessee and North Carolina on November 12, 2016. People ignited most of the fires that raged in Tennessee and North Carolina in November 2016, including a destructive fire that tore through Gatlinburg, Tennessee, and killed 14 people.
This research was funded by NASA's Terrestrial Ecology Program, the Joint Fire Science Program, and the University of Colorado's Grand Challenge Earth Lab.
NASA Earth Observatory map (top) by Joshua Stevens, using fire data courtesy of Balch, J. et al. (2017). NASA Earth Observatory image (bottom) by Jesse Allen, using data from the Level 1 and Atmospheres Active Distribution System (LAADS). Caption by Adam Voiland.
PeerJ was fortunate enough to be invited to Amsterdam for the EU Presidency Conference on Open Science this past Monday and Tuesday (April 4-5, 2016). I was able to attend and represent PeerJ. We had some fantastic early Summer weather (save a spot of rain), which is always nice when traveling. Indeed, the weather seemed to put everyone in good spirits, for the optimism of a more open Europe was high.
Why this matters
The series of EU Open Science Conferences is an important event for not just everyone in the EU, but across the globe. The policies being drafted now and perhaps officially implemented by EU ministers in late May will set up precedents for all nations to look toward. And that affects every citizen. If we get it wrong, it could mean scientific progress isn't as fast as we'd all like or could have achieved.
This debrief isn't to go into every facet of the announced Open Science Policy, of which the Draft version was worked on at the conference and will be available for a week for further comment as I understand it. Rather I'd like to talk about some “offline” discussions that were happening behind the scenes.
EU Open Science Policy Platform
That said, to quickly summarize – the aim of this pan-EU effort is, as the name of the series of meetings suggest, to accelerate a transition to Open Science. This goes beyond just Open Access (OA), though the policy sets a goal of 100% Open Access compliance in the EU by 2020. Beyond OA, the policies aim to set into action a stimulus for opening up data outputs and resolving a myriad of Open Science policies across EU.
Briefly, there are five high-level action items, each with subitems that the Draft EU policy is looking to implement. I won't list each subitem, but only ones that I'll touch on further below:
Removing barriers to open science Change reward and evaluation systems in science
Create transparency on the costs of academic communication Developing research infrastructures Fostering and creating incentives for open science This includes new publication/business models like PeerJ and PeerJ Preprints) Mainstreaming and further promoting open science policies Stimulating and embedding open science in science and society
[Aside] Policy drafting and actionable outcomes Having been to many conferences that aim to achieve “actionable outcomes” there are very few that actually have this happen. And so I was impressed that this meeting already came with a set of Draft recommendations for the EU Open Science policy. This, I view, is critical to create any sort of practical next steps and catalysis for change. The drawback to a “pre-draft” approach is that not all stakeholders feel as if they've been heard, and so how the revisions and comments are handled is equally critical. Can the #EU2016NL organisers please share a digital version? Otherwise, this looks as if no feedback is intended. https://t.co/NOWGKAlC6C — Dⓐniel Mietchen (@EvoMRI) 5 April 2016
Now, the offline discussions…
The coffee breaks were perhaps more interesting than the invited talks themselves. Although off the cuff and raw, the “offline” thoughts are usually the more accurate representation of what is happening in the environment, in this case, how close are we to achieving the goals of Open Science in the EU?
I highlighted three action items from the draft policy above, because although not formally connected in the draft, they were extremely intertwined in offline chatter (diagram below). Full disclosure, they are also connected to PeerJ; regardless, they would serve to enhance the entire market.
One of the most common items discussed was changing evaluation systems, i.e. losing the dependence on the Impact Factor. The Impact Factor is viewed by most as corrupting science (psst, review SF DORA). Changing the reward system may in fact be the linchpin in the diagram above. There are policies on the books to stop the secrecy behind publisher big deals in the EU and that is great, but getting rid of non-disclosure agreements will not lower prices by itself, which is the expected benefit of action item 4 of the draft EU policy, “Cost transparency.”
Why won't ending big deal NDAs lower costs?
Cost is NOT the dominant factor when academics are deciding where to publish – prestige, i.e. Impact Factor, still rules. We already know that bundled subscription prices are obscene, and legacy publishers are increasingly bundling Open Access APC charges into these big deals. Transparency of the deals is of course needed, and may lower some costs, but that is unlikely to move the needle much. More proof of this is that Open Access APC pricing is fairly transparent, but what we're actually seeing is prices going UP (and I'll get back to that in a moment).
Creating new publishing models? Not without changing the reward system.
Much discussion was in excitement for new journals with better pricing, preprints, data citing, etc. The problem is that none of these have a leg to stand on, or at least it is a very expensive leg to acquire. New journals typically require hundreds of thousands/millions USD in capital investment as it takes years to build the prestige required for sustainability. Here, we may as well define “prestige” as synonymous with getting an Impact Factor. Indeed, perhaps an alternative to the high capital journal model are overlay journals. Overlay journals are too new to know for sure, will still require several years to obtain an Impact Factor, and are still dependent on the underlying infrastructure of a preprint service with expensive annual budgets. And of course preprints, data sharing portals, etc will never take off without changing the reward/evaluation system either.
PeerJ leaving money on the table is proof the system is broken
This is what I really want to get out there, low cost publishers like PeerJ are leaving money on the table. I heard this often at the conference in private discussion, and I know it is true. We're definitely undercharging, particularly when you stack up the comparative value of journals.
There's a terrible dynamic between obtaining an Impact Factor, the prices that are needed to be charged to survive long enough to get one, and then what can be charged once a journal does get the Impact Factor. This is not how you accelerate science, it's the opposite of how to do it.
The way the current system is set up is to incentivize charging more, not less, for both Open Access and subscription journals. There are no dynamics that put downward pressure on pricing. Academic publishing is an inelastic market, that's bad. The system is broken, but we can do something about it.
The only way to get an influx of innovation in the publication model, and actually lower costs, is to change academic incentives. We won't see much traction until we can start evaluating research, not based on the journal it is published in (Impact Factor), but by its own merits. What those merits are and how to incent them is what needs to be critically examined in the EU Open Science policy platform drafts.
Jason Hoyt, PhD
CEO/Co-founder, PeerJ
nose-timelimit is a nose plugin that allows you automatically skip tests that are too slow.
It requires at least one run with the whole suite to register the timings. If a test fails timings are not registered for it (thus it will never get skipped).
Installation Just run pip install nose-timelimit or easy_install nose-timelimit .
Options --with-timelimit - Just activates the plugin (will only register timing data).
- Just activates the plugin (will only register timing data). --timelimit=X - Runs only the tests that had previously run under X seconds. Implies --with-timelimit .
- Runs only the tests that had previously run under seconds. Implies . --timelimit-silent - Don't print the duration for each test.
Requirements Known to work with nose 1.3 , it may work with nose as old as 0.10 - try it.
.......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........
TAOS – Like a crow stealing something shiny, New Mexico's multiple cultures all lift beauty from one another, especially when it comes to dress.
If you go
WHAT: “Wearable Art: Identity & Clothing”
WHEN: Through Jan. 29
WHERE: Millicent Rogers Museum, 1504 Millicent Rogers Road, Taos
HOW MUCH: $10/adults; $8/seniors (60+); $6/students (16-21 with ID); $6/military; $2/children (6-16); children under 6 free. Visit “Wearable Art: Identity & Clothing”Through Jan. 29Millicent Rogers Museum, 1504 Millicent Rogers Road, Taos$10/adults; $8/seniors (60+); $6/students (16-21 with ID); $6/military; $2/children (6-16); children under 6 free. Visit millicentrogers.org or call 575-758-2462
“Wearable Art: Identity & Clothing” looks at 150 years of traditional clothing made and used by Hispanic and Native American communities in the Southwest at the Millicent Rogers Museum in Taos.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
The exhibition encompasses two rooms and runs through Jan. 29. The show features everything from a hand-woven Hopi Pueblo manta dating from before 1865 to a Taos fiesta dress from 2013.
“It's all about patterns,” said Carmela Quinto, interim director of the museum. “It's all about cultures sharing ideas with each other. We influence each other, whether we be Pueblo or Hispanic.”
The desire for embellishment spans religion, language and ethnicity. Both Mexican fiesta outfits and Plains buckskin dresses come sprinkled with embroidery, beads and sequins.
A circa 1920-40 beaded Ute deerskin dress mimics the poncho style of women in Mexico. Its extensive beadwork reflects the classic patterns of Plateau Indian groups.
Ute women adopted these designs, most often using geometric shapes with a blue or pink background. Crosses and stars tumble across the leather in seed beads. Bells dangling from the sleeves add some music to the design, its hemlines dripping in fringe.
“The beadwork is very symbolic both in color and design,” Quinto said. “It's all about clans.”
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
A circa 1960-70 jingle dress stitched for a Navajo powwow features cotton fabric stamped with red and green chiles dangling spiralled snuff can lids.
The jingle dress originated in pre-European times when the Ojibwe tribes of the upper Midwest and Canada hammered pieces of copper into cones. The Jingle Dance emerged after World War I when the Whitefish Bay Ojibwe community created a dance signifying a prayer for healing.
Even the word “manta” crosses continents. Spanish for “shawl,” it was appropriated by the Navajos to describe the wrap-around woolen skirts worn by both Hispanic and Native American women. Usually woven with solid borders and contrasting centers, mantas remain one of the mainstays of a Native American wardrobe.
A Hopi manta with red and blue borders was also known as a Maiden Shawl. Originally worn by unmarried Hopi girls, it later grew popular among other pueblos for both daily wear and ceremonial events.
At Hopi, young girls wore them after their katsina initiation and during puberty ceremonials.
Fiesta wear reflects triple influences from native tribes, Mexico and Spain.
ADVERTISEMENTSkip
Taos fiesta-goers wear heavily Mexican-influenced skirts and dresses accessorized by Navajo squash blossom necklaces and concho belts.
“The beautiful headdresses with the Spanish combs came directly from Madrid,” Quinto added.
A 2013 Taos Fiesta Princessa ensemble includes a pleated skirt and satin blouse echoing the traditional Mexican skirt and peasant blouse. Native American jewelry with a silver naja and a mantilla or lace shawl completes the silhouette.
The Taos Fiestas reflect a Spanish tradition of honoring the community's patron saints: Santa Ana (St. Anne) and Santiago (St. James) on their Feast Days in July on the Taos Plaza.
The inverted crescent shape or naja of the squash blossom also originated in Europe. The Moors used it as a bridle ornament, thinking it would protect them from the “evil eye.”
Millicent Rogers' own ensemble borrows from Navajo tradition. A concho belt cinches a velvet Navajo-style blouse and skirt as a blue and green turquoise tab necklace rings the neck.
“It still has the imprints of the original buttons,” Quinto said. “She probably sewed the buttons on herself. We have 600 of their buttons in the collection.”
The museum's namesake, known as the “Standard Oil Heiress,” was a striking beauty with a flair for fashion. They collected both Native American and Hispanic jewelry, textiles, baskets and pottery. They also designed clothing and jewelry with a heavily Southwestern influence.
Statement from KHOU President and General Manager Susan McEldoon:
“I recently shared with KHOU staff plans for our operations going forward. As you know, KHOU evacuated from our building at 1945 Allen Parkway during Hurricane Harvey. Within hours, we began working from Houston Public Media. They graciously welcomed us in and we plan to stay until we move to a new, permanent space. We will be able to announce more details on our permanent location in early first quarter of the New Year.
Our team has shown incredible resilience and flexibility during this time. As I recently reminded them, a building does not make a TV station. Our people do. We are proud to stand with the community as we rebuild together and thank all of our viewers and customers for their continued support.”
The 7th Annual Northwest Native Celebration highlights the vitality and resilience of Northwest Native artists and communities through contemporary and traditional Native culture and art. See visual and performance art, participate in hands-on activities, listen to spoken word and storytelling, get inspired with a runway fashion show, and connect with artists at the art market. Visitors are also welcome to view TAM's exhibitions, including the special exhibition Edvard Munch and the Sea.
Cost: Free
Northwest Native Fashion Designers
We are pleased to announce the four chosen designers for the Northwest Native Fashion Show!
Hair and makeup provided by London's
Arae Form – Britt Rynearson
Edzerza Designs – Alano Edzerza
MEKA – Mary Kelsay
Transcendence – Lisa Fruichantie
Vendors
Collaborative Sculpture
All day in the TAM Studio
Inspired by Marie Watt's iconic Blanket Stories sculpture, visitors will create a personalized piece to add to a collaborative sculpture that will grow and evolve throughout the day.
Books and Looks
See schedule below for times and topics
Native authors meet Native artists in this interactive storytime in the galleries. Join an engaging reading and discussion of a children's book by a Native author, related to a work of contemporary Native art.
Schedule of Events
10:30 am – Blessing by the Puyallup Canoe Family
11:00 am – Books and Looks: Shi-shi-etko, Written by Nicola I. Campbell, Illustrated by Kim LaFave
12:00 pm – Spoken Word and Storytelling featuring Sara Ortiz, Nahaan, and more.
1:00 am – Books and Looks: Greet the Dawn: The Lakota Way, Written and Illustrated by S.D. Nelson
3:00 pm – Northwest Native Fashion Show
3:30 am – Books and Looks: Dragonfly Kites, Written by Tomson Highway, Illustrated by Julie Flett
Check back soon for additional scheduled events!
Northwest Native Celebration is generously supported by Tacoma Arts Commission and presented in partnership with Potlatch Fund.
Seasonal support provided by Artsfund.
Generous support provided by Brent and Connie McKinley.
Gov. Rick Perry said Friday he's disgusted a California newspaper ran a cartoon that depicts them boasting about booming business in Texas, then shows an explosion, a week after a fertilizer plant explosion killed 14 people in a Texas town.
Perry said they want an apology from the Sacramento Bee on behalf of the town.
The cartoon in Thursday's edition shows Perry crowing that "Business is Booming," flanked by signs saying "Low Tax!" and "`Low Regs!" It's a play on the Republican's often-repeated mantra that their state's low-regulation, business-friendly climate has its economy humming.
The next panel reads "Boom!" as a blast engulfs the area behind the governor and their signs.
An April 17 explosion in the town of West, which is outside Waco, left a crater more than 90 feet wide and is estimated to have caused more than $100 million in damage. The blast occurred moments after a fire was reported at the West Fertilizer plant.
Ten of the people killed were first responders who rushed to the nighttime blaze.
In a letter to the Bee's editor, Perry said it "was with extreme disgust and disappointment I viewed your recent cartoon."
"While I will always welcome healthy policy debate, I won't stand for someone mocking the tragic deaths of my fellow Texans and our fellow Americans," Perry wrote. "Additionally, publishing this on the very day our state and nation paused to honor and mourn those who died only compounds the pain and suffering of the many Texans who lost family and friends in this disaster."
President Barack Obama was among those who attended a memorial service for the explosion victims Thursday at Baylor University in Waco.
The Bee's editorial page editor, Stuart Leavenworth, responded Friday that the artist, Jack Ohman, "made a strong statement about Gov. Rick Perry's disregard for worker safety, and their attempts to market Texas a place where industries can thrive with few regulations."
"It is unfortunate that Gov. Perry, and some on the blogosphere, have attempted to interpret the cartoon as being disrespectful for the victims of this tragedy," Leavenworth said. "As Ohman has made clear on their blog, they have complete empathy for the victims and people living by the plant.
"What they find offensive is a governor who would gamble with the lives of families by not pushing for the strongest safety regulations. Perry's letter is an attempt to distract people from that message."
Ohman defended their cartoon with an Internet post, noting that the fertilizer plant "had not been inspected by the state of Texas since 2006" and that many "Texas cities have little or no zoning, resulting in homes being permitted next to sparely inspected businesses that store explosive chemicals."
"My job, as I understand it, is to be provocative," Ohman wrote. "I provoke, you decide. I don't dictate, I put out my opinion along with everyone else. I sign my name. I own it. In my opinion, I could have gone further. Much further."
California has seen Perry's touting of their state's pro-business prowess firsthand. In February, a public-private Texas marketing firm ran radio ads featuring Perry denigrating California's taxes and regulation, and then Perry traveled there to recruit jobs. They made a similar trip -- this time backed by a print-media ad buy -- to Chicago this past week.
Texas Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, also a Republican, called for Ohman to be fired.
"I think it's reprehensible for a member of the media to sit in safety and mock such a profound tragedy regardless of any `point' they are trying to make," Dewhurst said.
Perry, meanwhile, wrote that the newspaper "owes the community of West, Texas, an immediate apology for your detestable attempt at satire."
Ohman posted that they had received "varying levels of concern about the cartoon depicting Gov. Rick Perry's marketing of Texas' loose regulations, juxtaposed with the explosion of the fertilizer plant in West, Texas," but that they would draw the cartoon again without thinking twice.
India Arrests Crew Of U.S. Ship For Carrying Weapons
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
The crew of a U.S.-owned ship has been arrested at a port in India for allegedly trying to enter territorial waters illegally carrying what's been described as a "huge cache" of weapons.
The 35 crew members on MV Seaman Guard Ohio, owned by Washington, D.C.-based AdvanFort, were detained on Saturday by the Indian Coast Guard. The vessel is currently at anchor in the port of Tuticorin in the southeastern state of Tamil Nadu.
The company's website says it offers "comprehensive maritime security solutions to the commercial shipping industry."
The BBC says Indian authorities intercepted the craft off the coast of Tamil Nadu and allegedly "found weapons and ammunition on board, which had not been properly declared. Officials say the vessel was not authorized to carry arms in Indian waters and that it never produced the necessary paperwork."
In a statement a day later, the company said the crew of British, Estonian, Ukrainian and Indian nationals had been hoping to "take on fuel and escape the effects of [cyclone] Phailin."
The shipowner thanked the Indian government for keeping the ship safe and explained that the crew "routinely provides armed counter-piracy protection" and had aboard "uniforms, protective equipment, medical kits, rifles and ammunition — all of which is properly registered and licensed to AdvanFort."
On Thursday, the shipowner issued another statement (pdf), citing "continued confusion" in the media over the incident. It said it had received a certificate from Indian maritime authorities that cleared the vessel and its crew.
The BBC says:
Nearly a month into their tenure as secretary of state, Rex Tillerson is winning over foreign governments but alienating many employees at the agency they lead and raising questions about their ability to wield power in Washington.
Meanwhile, Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and a top adviser, is emerging as a shadow secretary of state -- a key interlocutor with world leaders and ambassadors and the keeper of prized diplomatic files like the Middle East peace process. Steve Bannon, Trump's chief political strategist, has also taken on an outsized role in formulating foreign policy.
Tillerson is still lacking much of their senior staff and, according to two sources familiar with the discussions, is in a struggle with the White House over choosing appointments after President Donald Trump vetoed their choice for deputy secretary. Questions about Tillerson's influence have spilled out into the open. Media reports that they have been marginalized abound, including a blistering New York Times editorial titled "Calling Secretary Tillerson." And the perception among the State Department rank-and-file is chilling.
The Washington foreign policy establishment -- both Republican and Democratic -- cautiously welcomed news of Tillerson's appointment. While they had no diplomatic experience, many were hopeful that the former CEO of Exxon Mobil, one of the world's largest corporations, would provide strong, pragmatic counsel to a brash and unpredictable president.
America's top diplomat is indeed building a reputation on the world stage as a calm, steady presence in the perceived sea of chaos that has enveloped the White House. Conversations with aides to Tillerson, career foreign and civil service officers, lawmakers and current and former administration officials paint a picture a goal-oriented career executive bringing a CEO mentality to reforming the State Department, and perhaps the job of secretary of state.
But back home at Foggy Bottom there is also anxiety that the former executive is struggling with the parry and thrust of Washington politics -- particularly given that they are up against a highly politicized presidential inner circle looking to exert its own influence over foreign policy.
A rocky start
Tillerson arrived at Foggy Bottom to great enthusiasm. Their introductory remarks to employees struck a moderate, respectful and assuring tone to demoralized career officers worried about the direction of foreign policy under Trump.
Since then, more than two dozen senior staff in the Secretary's suite of offices is abruptly reassigned while Tillerson was in Europe.
Tillerson has reduced the number of "all-hands" meetings, preferring smaller meetings and short two-page briefing memos instead of the traditional process of consensus-building hashed out during in-person sessions. Tillerson's chief of staff, Margaret Peterlin, has also kept a tight rein on all communications with the secretary.
"He is all about hierarchy, chain of command and structure," a longtime foreign service officer said. "It's not a happy building."
JUST WATCHED Haass: Tillerson 'home alone' at State Dept. Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Haass: Tillerson 'home alone' at State Dept. 01:26
That unhappiness has been magnified in recent days in light of reports the White House aims to drastically cut the agency's budget by as much as 30%.
That Tillerson would look to make reforms to the agency was no surprise. On Day One they pledged to "do my part to make sure we are functioning in the most productive and efficient way possible."
"Change for the sake of change can be counterproductive, and that will never be my approach," they said. "But we cannot sustain ineffective traditions over optimal outcomes."
Aides and defenders see Tillerson's CEO mentality as a benefit and key to what they believe will be a successful run at the helm of the State Department.
"Everything they do has to have a purpose," RC Hammond, a senior adviser to Tillerson, told CNN. "He is not motivated by the politics of perception."
Aides to Tillerson describe their boss as in the "first phase" of a strategic approach toward reforming the State Department to meet what they feel are the needs of modern diplomacy over the next 20 years. Their seventh-floor suite of offices is populated with white boards littered with diagrams and organizational charges.
"This phase involves focusing on relationships and probing to find out where the problems are and what needs to be fixed," Hammond said. "The next phase is going to create an opportunity for everybody to be a part of the solution -- and the status quo is not necessarily the solution."
That includes a concerted effort among Tillerson's top aides to stem leaks within the building. Tillerson has let it be known that they want to establish an environment where employees feel empowered to debate policy within the department without the discussions becoming public.
"He is an engineer and is going to have a very methodical way of learning the facts and following where the facts lead," said former George W. Bush national security adviser Steven Hadley, who recommended Tillerson to Trump. "He is going to be cautious and work their way into the job, which is not what some people want to see them doing. But what they are doing is probably the right thing for him."
Power struggles emerge
But even those rooting for Tillerson's success worry their business-minded approach of delegating important work leaves them ill-equipped to combat the power struggles common to Washington.
Traditionally, the secretary of state attends all meetings between the President and world leaders. The former business person, however, has skipped most of Trump's meetings with world leaders and several career diplomats voiced concern after they were left out of early key policy discussions, such as on the President's statements that he'd be open to a one-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and that they were putting Iran "on notice" for its most recent ballistic missile test.
Tillerson sent their acting deputy, Tom Shannon, to Trump's meetings with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau.
And the secretary was on their way to the G-20 meeting during the President's meeting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, although they did have dinner with Netanyahu the night before.
After a quick trip at the G-20 ministers' meeting in Bonn, Germany, Tillerson returned to Washington while Vice President Mike Pence, Defense Secretary James Mattis and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly continued consultations with key figures abroad.
In a political town where clout is judged by your closeness to the President, the optics of missing those meetings can have consequences.
JUST WATCHED US Secretary of State meets Russian counterpart Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH US Secretary of State meets Russian counterpart 02:06
Several supporters said it shows Tillerson is not seeking the limelight and has confidence in where they sit within the administration.
"His general take is, if the President is meeting with someone, they have it covered. So why do they have to be there?" one of their aides said. "This is a man very comfortable in their own skin, knows what their role is and is very focused on the goals in front of him."
With daily calls and twice-weekly meetings with Trump, Tillerson has no shortage of access to the Oval Office. Their most recent opportunity for quality facetime came Wednesday night when they dined with the President.
One aide said Tillerson's take on their new job can be chalked up to the motto of the Texas rangers of their home state: "one riot, one ranger." It's a phrase that captures their belief that if other members of the team are dealing with a foreign policy issue, they don't need to be in the room.
A longtime diplomat offered a less flattering view of Tillerson's tendency to stand back and delegate: "He doesn't understand that they are not they are not the CEO.  They are now staffing the President.  They are not the top dog anymore."
Several of the near two-dozen foreign ministers who have met Tillerson since they took office describe the former oil titan as a serious, thoughtful, independent-minded interlocutor on top of their brief and eager to engage on issues ranging from Syria to North Korea, even as they remain honest about the fact that the Trump administration's policies across the board are still being formed.
With virtually no senior staff, though, Tillerson is ill-equipped to provide comprehensive policy guidance to the White House, where decisions are being made at warp speed, typically without interagency debate.
And foreign policy insiders cautioned the approach is denying Tillerson an opportunity to both see how world leaders operate and study their new boss to influence their thinking.
"If you aren't in the room, I think you are missing a lot of data that would make it helpful to do your job," said Wendy Sherman, who led negotiations for the Iran nuclear talks under President Barack Obama.
While Tillerson has praised the work of career employees serving in temporary capacities, the lack of appointed aides has left diplomats gravitating toward the White House -- and Trump aides like Kushner and Bannon -- for information about policy deliberations.
One Tillerson ally described the secretary as frustrated with Kushner and Bannon's diplomatic interference, such as their side dialogues with Mexican officials in advance of their visit to Mexico City. Officials said Tillerson also intervened to delay a White House meeting with top Saudi officials over a plan to combat ISIS because they felt there was not enough planning for it.
Other allies and aides deny any tension between the two men and say Kushner has been very helpful, both in getting the secretary's input and focusing the President's attention on issues important to Tillerson.
A brighter future?
Aides say Tillerson's subtle hand is already being felt on key foreign policy issues. They successfully lobbied behind the scenes to persuade Trump to recommit to the "one China" policy and has been quietly pushing China to put more pressure on North Korea. Immediately after a meeting with Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi, China cut all coal imports to North Korea.
Tillerson supporters predict once Tillerson has a staff in place the pendulum will swing and their influence in the administration will be felt more concretely.
Elliott Abrams, whom Tillerson selected as their No. 2 but was vetoed by the President because of their criticism of Trump during the campaign, attributed Tillerson's relctance to fully engage to the "growing pains" of fitting into a new role, particularly in a non-traditional White House.
Abrams is among other Tillerson supporters who said it is too early to make a judgement on the secretary's ability to influence policy and predict once they get a staff in place, things will change.
Part of the problem could be Tillerson's self-imposed low profile. Aside from a brief statement to the G-20 ministers and another last week in Mexico, Tillerson has said little more than 100 words in public.
They have not taken questions from the press or appointed a spokesperson, and has taken only small press pools on their first trip few trips instead of the customary group of diplomatic reporters. The daily State Department press briefing, a tradition dating back to the Eisenhower administration, has yet to resume, although it is expected to start again next week.
Tillerson's supporters feel they have been smart to lay low while they learn the job and builds a relationship with the President. They also note their approach has kept the State Department from becoming embroiled in the controversies and mixed messages coming out of the White House.
JUST WATCHED EU leader warns of Trump threat Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH EU leader warns of Trump threat 01:32
But they acknowledge their own influence, and that of the State Department, will depend in part on their strength as a public figure and their ability to win the support of Congress, interest groups and the American public.
"Certainly what they are used to is sitting down with presidents and kings and sheiks and doing business. The public part of this they are less familiar with," Abrams said. "Clearly being a public figure matters; it is part of being secretary of state. But he's got to figure out what combination of public and private pressure works best with the President."
Wendy Sherman, who served as a top adviser to the last four Democratic secretaries of state, said that while it's common for new secretaries to put their own stamp on Foggy Bottom, "it's not enough to just make changes."
They continued, "People are hungry for more. They need to share what their vision is. How they are going about their work. How they plan to do this job. How they plan to relate to the press. People are picking up signals and it is making a lot of people very anxious."
If Tillerson is feeling the heat, though, they don't seem to be showing it. Instead, aides and supporters say they are hunkering down with precision focus on distilling complex foreign policy issues, establishing relationships with allies and assessing the massive bureaucracy they inherited.
"I found them really impressive," one foreign minister said after meeting with Tillerson last month in Washington. "Often ministers rattle off talking points at one another, but they were engaging me on what I was saying. I have to say it was a fresh perspective."
One ally of Tillerson outside of goverment called their friend a "pro and a soldier" who is "not threatened by anything" and predicted they would find theirs way.
"He understands how to play the long game," the ally said.
This story has been updated.
One of the big, looming questions of 2015 is this: Will the Supreme Court really gut Obamacare subsidies in the three dozen states on the federal exchange, potentially depriving millions of health coverage at a moment when the law, now heading into its second year, is clearly working as intended?
One thing to watch as we approach the SCOTUS hearings on King v. Burwell this spring is how many people are newly qualifying for subsidies in those states as this year's enrollment period continues.
The Department of Health and Human Services has released a new report on enrollment data that suggests that number could be very large — which could (theoretically, at least) make it harder for SCOTUS to gut the law.
The administration says around 3.4 million people have signed up on the federal exchange in the new enrollment period. For various bureaucratic reasons (we don't know who will end up paying or how many are just renewals), it's too early to determine how many new people would be adversely impacted by a SCOTUS ruling against the law. But as Margo Sanger-Katz explains, the new HHS report also offers a rough guide as to what we might expect, because in general terms a very high percentage of those on the federal exchange appear to qualify for subsidies:
Over all, it found, customers who were using HealthCare.gov to pick insurance plans — some new customers, and some renewing customers — were overwhelmingly likely to qualify for federal subsidies to help them pay their premiums. On average, the report found that 87 percent of these customers were eligible for subsidies, with higher percentages in some states — up to a high of 95 percent in Mississippi. Those numbers don't include everyone in the marketplace; people who were enrolled in plans this year and simply automatically renewed them weren't counted. But it's reasonable to think that the proportion is representative. Last year's number at the end of open enrollment was an average of 85 percent. A different report…said that a total of 6.5 million people in those states had selected plans or been automatically renewed into plans as of last week.
So we could be looking at a lot of people who would lose subsidies in the event of a bad SCOTUS ruling, perhaps more overall than previous estimates of around four million. And the enrollment period still has six weeks to go.
Larry Levitt of the Kaiser Family Foundation adds key context, noting that the biggest enrollment bumps are occurring in big states on the federal exchange, rather than the state ones. “The big numbers of new enrollees are coming from states that are not running their own marketplaces, such as Florida and Texas, where the politics don't seem amenable to them running their own marketplaces in the event of a Supreme Court ruling against the law,” Levitt tells me.
What this means: In federal-exchange states where the largest numbers of people might lose subsidies if SCOTUS rules against the law, state officials might be less likely to then set up their own exchanges to keep the subsidies flowing. Adds Levitt: “The impact of a potential Supreme Court decision against the law continues to grow.”
The reason this matters: Highlighting the potential for such a SCOTUS decision to result in widespread disruptions and dire consequences — both for millions who might lose coverage and for the insurance and health care industry in these states — may figure heavily in the government's strategy for winning the case. Now, it's possible that expected swing vote John Roberts won't bother considering such disruptions and consequences in reaching their decision. But who knows — they just might. And the stakes continue to grow.
********************************************************
* U.S. FINALLY SHAKING OFF AUSTERITY: The New York Times has a nice overview of an important trend: We are now seeing government spending edging up again, and that is helping nudge along a recovery that now appears to be gaining steam:
For the first time since 2011, local, state and federal governments are providing a small but significant increase to prosperity…Across the nation, state and local governments, Democratic and Republican alike, are spending on projects that were stalled…Federal spending for repair and construction of roads, schools and hospitals is increasing…Looking ahead, some economists are counting on spending on infrastructure and other capital investments to help nudge the economy ahead.
The larger context here are that Republicans and conservatives like to claim the recovery is the result of the sequester and other spending cuts. But as Danny Vinik explains, exactly the opposite is true: The easing of austerity is taking the brakes off the recovery.
* REPUBLICANS BATTLE OVER MEDICAID EXPANSION: The Associated Press reports that Republican governors in places like Tennessee and Wyoming — not exactly deep blue bastions — now want to embrace the Medicaid expansion. Yet they are running into resistance from conservative politicians in their states. GOP governors are making a crazy argument to these resistant politicians:
These governors note that their residents pay the federal taxes that fund expansions, so declining to participate amounts to subsidizing other states without receiving benefits.
The governor of Tennessee, meanwhile, is staking out an even nuttier position, arguing that expanding Medicaid is the “morally and fiscally right thing to do.” But to no avail, because, basically, #Obummercare.
* DEMS LIKELY TO RESIST TRADE DEALS: Politico has a useful overview of the coming battle among Democrats over trade deals the administration is negotiating involving countries around the Pacific Ocean and the European Union. There is broad consensus that these deals will need bipartisan support, which means that, with Republicans likely to back them, their success will turn on whether Obama can rally Congressional Democrats by assuaging their concerns about labor and environmental safeguards and the lack of transparency around the deals.
The recent Elizabeth Warren-led fight over the budget deal giveaway to financial institutions suggests the battle over these deals may bring about another defining Democratic Party schism.
* ANOTHER DEBT CEILING FIGHT? REALLY???? The Hill has an overview of the key dates to keep an eye on in 2015 when it comes to the ways Republicans will try to use fiscal policy to attack Obamacare, environmental regulations and otherwise try to reduce the size of government. This jumps out:
Congress in February approved a “clean” increase of the debt ceiling that authorized the Treasury Department to borrow as needed, without limit, through March 15, 2015. That arrangement ends on March 15, when the debt limit will automatically take effect….GOP leaders are facing new pressure to demand spending cuts in exchange for a debt increase — something Obama and Democrats are likely to resist.
Translation: GOP leaders are facing “new pressure” to demand unilateral concessions from Democrats in exchange for not destroying the economy. How many times does this have to fail before Republicans stop pretending this gives them leverage?
* A POSSIBLE COMPROMISE ON INFRASTRUCTURE? The Wall Street Journal reports that the White House is looking to de-emphasize coming executive actions in hopes of finding areas of legislative compromise with the new GOP majority:
White House officials said Mr. Obama will still take some executive actions over the next year, particularly on issues like climate change, where they and Republicans on Capitol Hill remain at odds. But their primary emphasis will be on a narrow set of policies where they might find agreement with Republicans, namely trade pacts, an overhaul of the corporate tax code and funding infrastructure projects.
Okay, but wouldn't a compromise on infrastructure require Republicans to agree to new revenues to fund new spending? If so, why does anyone think that's likely?
* KEEP AN EYE ON SENATE RETIREMENTS: The Hill also rounds up 10 Senators who may retire in 2016. Two key ones are Chuck Grassley of Iowa and Marco Rubio of Florida (who may run for president). Both would give Dems additional pick-up opportunities on an already-good map which has them already vying for a number of GOP-held seats in states carried by Obama.
On the other hand, Senator Joe Manchin of West Virginia could retire, too — and their seat would very likely go to Republicans.
* A GLOBAL VIEW OF INCOME INEQUALITY: Paul Krugman steps back and offers the global view: While income has soared among the world's elites and among middle classes in developed nations, it has stagnated badly “around the 20th percentile” in many parts of the world.
Who are these people? Basically, the advanced-country working classes…the travails of workers in rich countries are, in important ways, the flip side of the gains above and below them….soaring incomes at the top were achieved, in large part, by squeezing those below: by cutting wages, slashing benefits, crushing unions, and diverting a rising share of national resources to financial wheeling and dealing…the wealthy exert a vastly disproportionate effect on policy. And elite priorities — obsessive concern with budget deficits, with the supposed need to slash social programs — have done a lot to deepen the valley of despond.
As Krugman notes, if something isn't done about this, bad things just might happen.
The Phillies have no big trade chips this summer. They could move one or more of Jeremy Hellickson, Peter Bourjos, Jeanmar Gomez, David Hernandez or Carlos Ruiz, but none of those players is going to bring back a huge return, either because of their level of production or contract status.
The best way for the Phils to get some real value for one of their veterans might be to package them together — for example, find a team that needs a starting pitcher and a fourth outfielder and offer Hellickson and Bourjos together.
But even someone like Bourjos, who has been on fire for a month, won't bring back a significant prospect. A better package would include a player we've heard no trade buzz about: catcher Cameron Rupp. Heck, he'd have value by himself.
Rupp, 27, has had a breakout first half. In 222 plate appearances, he's hit .287 with 17 doubles, nine home runs and an .836 OPS. He's in the top five among catchers in batting average, slugging and OPS. Offense behind the plate rarely has been more scarce than it is now, making Rupp a valuable piece to have.
In fact, Rupp's value will likely never be higher than it is now. He's made genuine improvements at the plate, but it's doubtful that he'll finish the season hitting .287. They were a .245 career hitter in the minors.
He'll also never be cheaper than they are now. Rupp is making $518,000 this season. He'll get a raise next season but will be making close to the same salary. Then he's arbitration eligible from 2018 to 2020, so Rupp is under team control for the next four seasons after this one. If another team believes in their offensive production, it could talk itself into viewing Rupp as its catcher of the future.
Should the Phillies sell high? It's a complicated matter.
The most important question is: Will Rupp be of more value to the Phillies than whatever a catcher-needy team is willing to trade for him? One would assume that answer is yes, Rupp has more value to the Phils than Prospect X. But it's also realistic to expect teams to inquire about them because there are several contenders getting absolutely nothing out of their catchers.
The Indians are in first place in the AL Central. Their catchers have hit .168. The White Sox have made several win-now moves. Their catchers have hit .209 with no power. The Pirates are battling for a wild-card spot and struggling to find a competent catcher with Francisco Cervelli out. Their backstops have hit .213 with a .273 slugging percentage.
But Rupp could also have value to non-contenders in need of a catcher because, again, he's still young and inexpensive.
The only reason this is even worth bringing up is because the Phillies have two catching prospects close to the majors. Switch-hitting Andrew Knapp is an All-Star for Triple A Lehigh Valley, and at Double A Jorge Alfaro is hitting .295 with power and impressive defense. It would be tough to fit all of them onto the same 25-man roster someday. And that day is approaching. Knapp will be 25 in November, and the Phillies will soon want to figure out what they have in him. And it's safe to assume Alfaro already would be at Triple A and closer to the majors if Knapp wasn't there.
Could one of them switch positions eventually? Sure, that's the most likely scenario. It won't be Alfaro, but perhaps Rupp or Knapp could play some first base. If all three catchers remain in the organization this summer and through the winter, the guess here is that the Phillies would open 2017 with Knapp backing up Rupp in the majors and Alfaro playing every day at Triple A. That's not a bad scenario by any means.
Trading Rupp would make sense only if it nets the Phillies an intriguing player they're confident can reach the majors soon at a position of need. If they get to a spot where it behooves them to move a catcher, moving Knapp might actually be the most logical choice.
The Phillies have already seen Rupp produce at the major-league level. They haven't seen Knapp do it, obviously, because they haven't yet been called up. Knapp doesn't have the same upside as Alfaro. Knapp isn't nearly the defensive catcher, which is a major consideration in all of this. Knapp is the player most likely to have to switch positions, and you can't be sure yet that their bat will be impactful enough to stick at first base or left field.
Look at the Red Sox as an example. Rumors have swirled for years about potential trades, but they've held on to both of their young catchers, Blake Swihart and Christian Vasquez. They valued Vasquez's defense enough to make Swihart learn left field. But Vasquez hasn't hit enough, and Swihart (currently on the DL) might not be enough of an offensive force to be an everyday leftfielder. Being an above-average offensive catcher makes a player valuable because of supply and demand. But there's a different threshold for offense at first base or in left field. Can Knapp meet it? Hard to say.
In any event, this is a good problem for the Phillies to have. There are few, if any teams in baseball that feel as comfortable with their future catching situation as the Phils. Maybe someday the depth leads them to start Alfaro behind the plate with Rupp backing them up and Knapp in one of those other spots. Maybe.
GM Matt Klentak has already shown he's willing to sell high on a young player if the return is right (see: Giles, Ken). I'm not saying Rupp is assured of regression — he's consistently driving the ball and using all fields — but they do have nine walks and 56 strikeouts, plate selection numbers which foretell an evening out process. We could look back at this a few months from now and wonder why we didn't 100 percent believe it was time to sell high on Rupp.
The other factor in it, and some readers will discount this completely, is Rupp's standing on the team. Yes, I will use the phrase "clubhouse presence." Rupp is a leader on this team. He's the go-to postgame quote for reporters, which a young team needs, especially when things are going bad. The pitchers love him. The position players love him. What kind of message would it send to trade that guy just as things are starting to look up?
These are all matters the Phillies' front office is likely weighing right now, even if they're just hypothetical. It behooves a rebuilding team with an eye on the future to keep all doors open.
A new opinion poll indicates that 48 percent of voters would cast their ballots for incumbent President Vladimir Putin if Russia's presidential election were held in the near future.
The figure in the April 21-24 poll by the independent Levada-Center was down from 62 percent in a similar poll in April 2015 and 53 percent in January 2016.
Putin, in power as president or prime minister since 1999, is widely expected to seek a new six-year presidential term in a March 2018 election. They have not announced their candidacy.
Levada polled 1,600 adults nationwide, asking them whether they would vote -- and for whom -- if the election were held "next Sunday." The pollsters did not name any candidates, leaving it up to the respondents to do so.
Flamboyant ultranationalist Vladimir Zhirinovsky and Communist Party leader Gennady Zyuganov received 3 percent piece, while opposition politician Aleksei Navalny was one of four people who were each named by about 1 percent of respondents.
Staunch Putin critic Navalny is campaigning for the presidency, but it is unclear whether the authorities will put them on the ballot.
Putin was named by 49 percent of respondents to a similar Levada poll in April 2014, and by 29 percent in April 2013.
In Russian presidential elections, a candidate must win more than 50 percent of the votes cast to avoid a runoff.
According to official results, Putin won about 64 percent in 2012, about 72 percent in 2004, and about 53 percent in 2000.
In a March 31-April 3 Levada poll, 64 percent of the respondents said they would like Putin to win another term in 2018, while 22 percent said they would like to see another person as president, and 14 percent were unable to answer the question.
NEW DELHI: The lineup of the country's oldest and highest advisory board on education is now clear. The Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has accepted the entire list sent by the HRD ministry save one change: Rohan Narayana Murthy , the man behind the ambitious Murty Classical Library of India and son of Infosys cofounder N R Narayan Murthy , has been replaced with Manish Sabharwal , cofounder of recruitment consultancy TeamLease.Murthy's name was among the host of scholars and policy planners that HRD minister Smriti Irani wanted to nominate to the reconstituted Central Advisory Board of Education (CABE).The cabinet secretariat sent back the list as it is this month along with the PMO's approval, but replaced Murthy, 32, with Sabharwal, 45.Other luminaires on the list include Vijay Bhatkar, chairperson of Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi; SA Bari, vice chancellor of Gujarat Central University; DN Bezboruah, former chairperson of Editor's Guild; Jawaharlal Kaul, vice chancellor of Hemwati Nandan Bahguna Garwal Central University; and educationist Indumati Rao.Sources said the secretariat hasn't given the HRD ministry any reason for dropping Murthy.Irani and the PMO did not respond to ET's questions on Murthy being replaced with Sabharwal as of press time Thursday. Murthy also did not respond to ET's emailed questions as of press time.Sources pointed out that the appointment of CABE members is purely the government's prerogative.The initial selection of Murthy was much talked about and assumed significance as they had conceived of the idea of publishing the classical texts of India.  They are an alumnus of Cornell University and Harvard University Their replacement, Sabharwal, has a management degree from Wharton. Their firm, TeamLease has reportedly placed more than half a million people in temporary and permanent jobs since 2002.Sabharwal's firm had established a vocational education university in public-private partnership with the Gujarat government at a time when Prime Minister Narendra Modi was the state's chief minister.Sabharwal refused to react to the news of their appointment to CABE as they hadn't been intimated by the HRD Ministry yet. “It is not right on my part to say anything right now as I haven't received any communication from the government,” they told ET.The reconstituted CABE is expected to be announced soon. The advisory body has a term of three years.Apart from nominated members, it comprises education ministers of all the states, six MPs, heads of different bodies including UGC, CBSE, National University of Educational Planning and Administration.According to sources, a meeting of the advisory board will soon be convened under the chairpersonship of Irani to take a stand on scrapping of Class X board exams and the no-detention policy of the Right to Education Act, among other things.
Well hey, now you can chug your Gatorade after your daily run without wondering, "Why am I drinking flame retardant?" Good job, world.
Following 15-year-old Sarah Kavanagh's Change.org petition, Gatorade has announced plans to remove brominated vegetable oil (BVO) from their drinks.
BVO, a patented flame retardant, is also found in Coca-Cola products, Fanta, and Mountain Dew; while BVO is banned from food in Europe and Japan, it's still used Stateside to "prevent the citrus flavoring oils from floating to the surface in beverages," the Coca-Cola company says.
A Scientific American article linked BVO to chemical residues in children, contaminated breast milk, and other health issues such as "neurological development, reduced fertility, early onset of puberty, and altered thyroid hormones." And while Coca-Cola and other companies have yet to speak out on the issues, at least we can all drink our Gatorade without fear. Or, you know, stick with water and red wine.
Last Sunday, the Baltimore Orioles -- a team so profoundly in need of pitching that it's possible there are scouts standing behind you right now, seeing if you're a potential fit for the rotation -- released veteran right-hander Edwin Jackson. It was a short, uneventful Orioles trip for Jackson, who threw five innings over three games, giving up seven runs, four earned. They were called up from Triple-A Norfolk last Wednesday, and they released them Sunday. That's four days in The Show for a guy who has spent a ton of time there in a ton of different places.
Jackson's now a free agent and he's looking to get back in the Majors. If they can do it -- and he's only 33 years old, so it's not that crazy of an idea -- they will likely tie Octavio Dotel's record of playing with 13 teams. That's a particularly wild stat, considering they have only been in the Majors for 15 years and, again, is only 33 years old. Dotel was 39 years old when they played for their 13th team, the Tigers. Jackson is on pace to fly past Dotel's mark!
When someone has played for so many teams, for so long, they are, in a way, a living monument to a whole generation of baseball itself. Thus, while Jackson looks for that record-tying 13th team, let's take a look at each stop of Jackson's career. I refuse to believe this story is over.
2003-05: Los Angeles Dodgers.
Jackson made their MLB debut on Sept. 9, 2003, on their 20th birthday. It was just two years after they were drafted out of Shaw High School in Columbus, Ga., as an outfielder. (Jackson was an Army brat who was in fact born in Germany.) Jackson earned themselves a win in that first start, giving up just one run and four hits in six innings in a 4-1 win over the Diamondbacks, against Randy Johnson, no less. He'd start two more games that year and grab another win, but in 2004 he'd only pitch in eight games (five starts) with a 7.30 ERA. They were still listed among the top 30 prospects in baseball in 2005 (just ahead of Felix Pie). Their struggles in 2004-05, hurt their prospect status, and the Dodgers traded them for relief help.
Notable Dodgers teammates: Rickey Henderson, Hideo Nomo, Kevin Brown, Fred McGriff, Adrian Beltre, Dave Roberts, Brian Jordan, Robin Ventura, Milton Bradley, Steve Finley, Brad Penny.
2006-08: Tampa Bay Rays (traded with Chuck Tiffany for Danys Baez and Lance Carter)
Jackson began in middle relief but was a starter by 2007, losing nine of their first 10 decisions, with a 7.23 ERA. They ended up with a 5-15 record and a 5.76 ERA. Still, this was the start of Edwin Jackson, innings eater, beginning a stretch of eight seasons in which he'd throw 140 innings or more, getting over 180 five times. That paid off in 2008, when they went 14-11 with a 4.42 ERA for a Rays team that would shock everyone and reach the World Series. Jackson would end up pitching in Game 4 of that World Series, a 10-2 loss to the Phillies, giving up a home run to Joe Blanton, of all people. It was the one home run Blanton would hit their entire career.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Notable Rays teammates: Carl Crawford, Evan Longoria, Cliff Floyd, David Price, Troy Percival, Carlos Pena, Delmon Young, Elijah Dukes, Ben Zobrist, Russell Branyan, James Shields, Scott Kazmir,
2009: Detroit Tigers (traded for Matt Joyce)
Jackson was never better than they were for the Tigers, at the age of 25, putting up a 3.62 ERA with 13 wins in 214 innings for a team that just missed the playoffs. This led to a highlight of Jackson's career: Their lone All-Star Game selection. They pitched one inning for the American League at Busch Stadium, retiring Yadier Molina, Ryan Zimmerman and Hanley Ramirez in 1-2-3 fashion.
Notable Tigers teammates: Justin Verlander, Miguel Cabrera, Curtis Granderson, Magglio Ordonez, Rick Porcello, Fernando Rodney, Dontrelle Willis, Joel Zumaya, Armando Galarraga
2010: Arizona Diamondbacks (part of three-team trade, with Curtis Granderson going to the Yankees, Austin Jackson, Max Scherzer, Daniel Schlereth and Phil Coke going to the Tigers and Jackson and Ian Kennedy going to the Diamonbacks).
This was a wild trade that didn't ultimately turn out that well for the Diamondbacks, but it sure was worthwhile in Jackson's career, because it led to their lone no-hitter … one of the most amazing no-hitters in baseball history. Jackson no-hit the Rays, 1-0, on June 25, 2010, even though they walked eight batters and threw a shocking 149 pitches. The bases were actually loaded in the third inning. They became the first African-American pitcher to throw a no-hitter since Dwight Gooden in 1996.
Your browser does not support iframes.
Notable Diamondbacks teammates: Justin Upton, Miguel Montero, Dan Haren, Dontrelle Willis, Kris Benson, Ian Kennedy
2010-11: Chicago White Sox (traded for David Holmberg and Daniel Hudson)
Jackson's no-hitter didn't stop them from getting traded at the Deadline to a White Sox team trying to make the playoffs. (They'd fall short.) Jackson made 11 starts for the White Sox in 2010, posted a 3.24 ERA, and made 19 starts in '11 for a less successful White Sox team that would finally mark the end of Ozzie Guillen's run as White Sox manager.
Notable White Sox teammates: Paul Konerko, Alexei Ramirez, Omar Vizquel, Lastings Milledge, Gavin Floyd, Mark Beuhrle, Addison Reed, A.J. Pierzynski, Chris Sale, Andruw Jones, Juan Pierre, Manny Ramirez, Jake Peavy
2011: Toronto Blue Jays (traded with Mark Teahan for Jason Frasor and Zach Stewart)
Jackson was an employee of the Toronto Blue Jays, but only for an hour or so, and they never even got a uniform. (The Blue Jays do not in fact count as one of Jackson's teams.) Jackson became Trade Deadline capital, and they were moved on the market quickly.
Notable Blue Jays teammates: None.
2011: St. Louis Cardinals (traded with Octavio Dotel, Corey Patterson and Marc Rzepczynski for Colby Rasmus, Trever Miller, Brian Tallet and P.J. Walters)
Jackson finally was connected to their cosmic soulmate Dotel in a trade that Cardinals fans were furious about when it happened -- they traded away Rasmus, their center fielder of the future, for bullpen help for a struggling team -- and ended up winning them a World Series. Jackson was a stabilizing force for the Cards' rotation right when the team was about to go on one of the wildest comeback runs in baseball history, culminating in a World Series title, the one ring Jackson won. They started a World Series game too, as well as two National League Championship Series games. And they were even called on to be a pinch-hitter in the 10th inning of that magnificent Game 6, but they were pulled back at the last second so Kyle Loshe could bunt. It was quite a year.
Notable Cardinals teammates: Albert Pujols, Matt Holliday, David Freese, Lance Berkman, Allen Craig, Rafael Furcal, Matt Carpenter, Chris Carpenter, Jason Motte, Lance Lynn, Miguel Batista, Octavio Dotel, Arthur Rhodes
2012: Washington Nationals (signed as a free agent)
At last Jackson was able to get some money on the free-agent market, though they settled for a one-year deal with the Nationals for about $10 million when other teams were offering more years. They aren't great for the Nats, but they did throw their usual 189 innings, making them a valuable commodity the next season on the market. Jackson also pitched in their final postseason game, the infamous Game 5 loss to St. Louis in which the Cardinals came back against Drew Storen in the ninth inning. (The Pete Kozma game.)
Your browser does not support iframes.
Notable Nationals teammates: Bryce Harper, Ryan Zimmerman, Jayson Werth, Rick Ankiel, Mark DeRosa, Stephen Strasburg, Zach Duke, Brad Lidge, Chien-Ming Wang
2013-15: Chicago Cubs (signed as a free agent)
The Cubs were the payday Jackson had really been waiting for, just days after they got married, in fact, a four-year, $52 million deal. Unfortunately for Jackson and the Cubs, this was when they began to struggle. The Cubs were bad, they were bad and that led to a 16-34 record over two-plus seasons, including an ugly 5.37 ERA. They actually lost 18 games, leading the Majors, in 2013. The Cubs finally released them in July 2015, when they were good and they still aren't, with one year left on their contract.
Notable Cubs teammates: Anthony Rizzo, Kris Bryant, Kyle Schwarber, Dexter Fowler, Jon Lester, Dan Haren, Jason Motte, Miguel Montero, Starlin Castro, Alfonso Soriano, Jeff Samardzija, Travis Wood, Matt Garza, Jake Arrieta, Carlos Marmol, Javier Baez,
2015: Atlanta Braves (signed as a free agent)
Now the truly nomadic period begins. Jackson pitched in 24 games for the Braves in 2015, all in relief, and they aren't half bad, notching a 2.92 ERA in 24 2/3 innings. They pitched well on the last day of the season, and many thought this would be the end, pitching back in their home state of Georgia. It was in fact Jackson's first career save, that final game. But they were not done.
Notable Braves teammates: Freddie Freeman, A.J. Pierzynski, Andrelton Simmons, Jonny Gomes, Cameron Maybin, Shelby Miller, Julio Teheran, Jason Grilli
2016: Miami Marlins (signed as a free agent)
After the mess with the Cubs, Jackson wasn't much in demand anymore, so the Marlins got them for the minimum salary. They thought they might be a back-end-of-rotation starter, but they never started, showing up in just eight games, pitching 10 2/3 innings and being designated for assignment just after Memorial Day.
Notable Marlins teammates: Giancarlo Stanton, Christian Yelich, Marcell Ozuna, Ichiro Suzuki, Dee Gordon, Jose Fernandez
2016: San Diego Padres (signed as a free agent)
For the last time in their career, it seems, Jackson got the chance to be an MLB starter. The Padres were pretty terrible and Jackson was no help, putting up a 5.89 ERA in 13 starts. They were not asked back for the 2017 season.
Notable Padres teammates: Wil Myers, Matt Kemp, Jon Jay, Manuel Margot, Fernando Rodney
2017: Baltimore Orioles (signed as a free agent)
The Orioles didn't necessarily want to bring up Jackson, but they had an opt-out clause in their contract if they didn't promote them from Norfolk (where he'd been pitching well), so they did. "I would think we all play to have that expectation to being the big leagues," Jackson said. "Once you've been here and once you've had a taste of it, if you don't expect to be here, then there's pretty much no reason to play the game." And yes: They lasted four days.
Notable Orioles teammates: Manny Machado, Chris Davis, Adam Jones, Mark Trumbo.
So Jackson only needs one more team to tie Dotel's record. Are they going to get another chance? The team with maybe the biggest need for pitching in the sport just released him. It's going to be tough. But here's hoping they get one last shot. Jackson's career is baseball, a walk through the past 15 years of the game. They have thrown a no-hitter. They have made an All-Star Game. They were won a World Series. If Jackson is not ready to say goodbye, then hey, who can blame them for hanging on as long as they can? We're all rooting for him.
***
Subscribe to Will's weekly newsletter and email them at leitch@sportsonearth.com
By Ryan Banister
Project Hemisphere, a secretive program developed by AT&T, searches trillions of call records in order to analyze cell phone data, spying on the activity of private individuals in order to identify who they are speaking with and why, as well as GPS tracking on the location of each individual connected to the call, and it transmits this information to the Department of Justice (DOJ).
In 2013, Project Hemisphere was shown in a PowerPoint presentation produced by the Drug Enforcement Administration. The New York Times reported this as a partnership between AT&T and the DOJ, primarily deployed for drug-enforcement task-forces. All information collected in this program is accessible to the federal agencies authorized by the DOJ.
AT&T specifically developed and marketed this product for use by the DOJ, who would promise hundreds of millions in funds on behalf of taxpayers, using the taxpayers' own money to spy on their every move. This is an invasion of privacy without a warrant. This is a federal spy program by proxy, working through corporations.
AT&T promises law enforcement that it will not disclose Project Hemisphere's involvement in active investigations that are made public. AT&T is is attempting to lower liability for their customer and limit scrutiny to information transmitted to federal agencies through their network.
While it should not be surprising that your cell phone company is working with bureaucrats to collect incriminating evidence on you, there is a staggering number of people who still carelessly use their cell phone as if the information being transmitted through the device will be kept private.
News flash! It's never been private. They have always wanted to use your information as a product to sell to the highest bidder. Your data is their product, and you are paying them to take it from you.
Video Report:
Delivered by The Daily Sheeple
We encourage you to share and republish our reports, analyses, breaking news and videos (Click for details).
Contributed by Ryan Banister of The Daily Sheeple.
I love coconut milk SO. MUCH. I also live in berry country (Pacific Northwest), and practically live in the middle of a berry farm. Combine these two, freeze them, and you have a wonderful sweet (but not too sweet), low carb and satisfying dessert for hot summer nights!
I love these little popsicle molds that they have nowadays. Mine aren't as slick as the new ones but they still work well. What I do is just mix up my ‘popsicle mix' in a mason jar, and then I have it ready to pour into the popsicle mold any time that I want. I make more mix than I have space for and I just make popsicles multiple times in a row. Since the popsicles are small they freeze within a couple hours, so it works well! This recipe can easily be halved if you only want to make it once and not have any ‘reserves' in the fridge.
2018 EDIT: I still love this recipe! Tip: use Swerve sweetener as the recipe will turn out better. Swerve is now my go-to sweetener of choice. It does not kick me out of ketosis, raise my blood sugar or cause cravings.
Print Coconut Cream Berry Popsicles - not Just for Kids! Recipe type: Dessert Cuisine: Low Carb, Gluten Free, Paleo, Ketogenic, Primal Prep time: 5 mins Total time: 5 mins Serves: 6-8 Ingredients 2 cups high fat coconut milk, mixed until smooth
½ cup heavy cream
1 teaspoon vanilla extract
¼ - ½ cup equivalent sugar substitute of your choice (I used xylitol)
¼ teaspoon sea salt
3-5 whole raspberries (fresh or frozen) per popsicle Instructions Place all ingredients except for berries in a quart mason jar, shake until well combined. Put 3-5 raspberries in each empty popsicle mold Pour mix from mason jar into each space in the mold Poke a chopstick into each popsicle mold space to make sure all air bubbles are out. Top off the popsicle molds with more mix if needed. Freeze for at least two hours To unmold, dip the mold into hot water for 10 seconds, then enjoy! 3.4.3177
PAID ENDORSEMENT DISCLOSURE: In order for me to support my blogging activities, I may receive monetary compensation or other types of remuneration for my endorsement, recommendation, testimonial and/or link to any products or services from this blog.
Campaign proves grass roots can send powerful message even in an age of corporate controlled media lockdown
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Monday, August 17, 2009
The Obama Joker posters are still spreading virally across the country and the world as the authorities panic at the power of the grass roots to reach the masses almost in an instant, flying in the face of an establishment media which is controlled by a handful of powerful corporations.
The success of the Obama Joker poster campaign, started anonymously in Los Angeles and amplified after it was incorporated into an Infowars contest, can be measured against the achievements of America's foremost contemporary street artist, Shepard Fairey, who was responsible for designing the Obama “HOPE” flyers that were posted in public places before the 2008 presidential election, an image labeled “the most efficacious American political illustration since ‘Uncle Sam Wants You'” by New Yorker art critic Peter Schjeldahl.
Fairey admitted that they were in contact with the Obama campaign team following the release of the early versions of their poster, and that they directed them in creating new posters. The original poster carried the word “PROGRESS,” but this was later changed to “HOPE” on the insistence of the Obama campaign, along with two other versions which read, “VOTE” and “CHANGE”.
President Obama themselves later wrote to Fairey expressing their gratitude to the designer for putting out the images and also lending support for people who were posting them in public, an action which attracted little attention from the authorities, who on the contrary reacted hysterically to the anti-Obama Joker posters and immediately sought arrests and denounced the flyers as “vandalism,” characterizing them as some kind of assault on “victims” of a dastardly crime.
Fairey was largely dismissive of the Obama Joker poster, rather pedantically arguing that it wasn't grammatically correct because the word should have been “socialist” not “socialism,” but they were forced to admit that the posters sent a powerful message.
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
“The artwork is great in that it gets a point across really quickly,” Fairey told the L.A. Times. “The Joker is a sinister, evil character that can't be trusted. And if they want to make that parallel with Obama — bam.”
(ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW)
It took the best part of a decade for Fairey's iconic “Andre the Giant Has a Posse” street art to go viral, but in the Internet age, the Obama Joker image has already trumped it in a matter of weeks.
The flyers have already hit Wall Street, Tokyo Japan, Berlin Germany, and hundreds of towns and cities across America.
Attempts on behalf of authorities and the media to propagate the contrived hoax that the majority of people are “disgusted” by the image have been proven fraudulent by polls showing that most people support the first amendment rights of people to post the flyers.
Likewise, efforts to chill free speech and intimidate people from exercising their first amendment have merely been met with an intensified effort to post more and more of the Obama Joker posters.
Early claims that the poster had racist overtones were shot down when images were unearthed of George W. Bush depicted as the Joker, as well as a blood-sucking vampire. Lazy attempts to play the race card in an attempt to dismiss the grass roots power of the Obama as Joker meme failed completely.
Indeed, caricatures of political figures have been part of the fabric of American society for hundreds of years. Satirical lampooning of authority figures by means of stylized cartoonish parodies is an American tradition, and has nothing whatsoever to do with racism.
The success of the Obama Joker poster campaign, concurrent with Obama's rapidly sinking popular approval figures, is proof that even in the face of a locked down corporate media owned by a handful of interests, the people can still communicate with the masses and obtain instant recognition by means of viral campaigns coordinated through the alternative media and the Internet.
Get the posters in graphic image and PDF format here.
See the video entries here , here and here.
This article was posted: Monday, August 17, 2009 at 11:32 am
Print this page.
Infowars.com Videos:
Comment on this article
THERE are a few features that make a motorcycle. Long, loud, chrome-dipped exhaust pipes. Lots of aerodynamic fiberglass. And above all, a rumbling engine.
So what does that make an electric motorcycle—which has none of the above? The ideal ride for anyone who craves speed without the mechanical complexity of a gas-powered machine.
With near-instant acceleration, an eerie jet-turbine sound and a smooth, vibration-free ride, electric motorcycles are kicking up dirt in an often staunchly traditional market. Even longtime members of the motorcycle establishment—Harley-Davidson Inc. and Yamaha Motor Co.—have gotten into the game; both companies unveiled electric concept-bikes that will likely lead to mass-produced models within a few years.
Not long ago, the only battery-powered motorcycles were spindly, garage-built prototypes resembling science-fair projects. Now you can find handsome designs with perfect paint—ones that could roll up to a biker cafe or a local “bike night” gathering and steal the show from traditional cruisers and sportbikes.
“ These bikes are ideal for anyone who craves speed without mechanical complexity. ”
Electric motorcycles cost more than a similarly configured gasoline counterpart—mainly because of the high price of batteries. And many manufacturers limit the top speed of these machines to around 100 mph (still plenty of speed) to preserve the motor and extend battery life. (Electric motorcycles consume far more current at sustained high speeds than they do in stop-and-go city riding.)
But these machines are also less work to maintain than gas-guzzlers: No oil changes, valve adjustments or other messy routine maintenance. To refuel, just plug into a household outlet. And because most battery-powered bikes don't have transmissions, you needn't worry about shifting gears while riding.
Here, a rundown of the zippiest models, including those coming out in the next few years.
Victory Empulse TT Photo: Wayne Mills
1. THE SUPERBIKE
Victory Empulse TT
When the Empulse TT (above) went on sale four years ago, it made a splash as the first electric bike that could both hit 100 mph and traverse 100 miles on a single charge. Today, those stats are still tough to beat. In fact, modified racing versions of the Empulse TT have repeatedly trounced gasoline-powered bikes in top-level competition. And in terms of styling and performance, it's the only mass-market electric motorcycle that you could call a “musclebike.” $19,999, victorymotorcycles.com
Illustration: Wayne Mills
2. THE EASY RIDER
Zero Motorcycles Zero SR
Riding Zero feels a bit like running really fast—minus the exhaustion. That's because this small, almost silent bike seems to disappear beneath you. You can control it without having to look down at gauges and handlebars, which makes the Zero feel more like a bicycle than a big, heavy motorcycle. Skinny enough to squeeze through traffic jams, the Zero also has an impressive range—up to 161 miles in the city, 98 highway—with the stock battery. $15,995, zeromotorcycles.com
Illustration: Wayne Mills
3. THE ACCELERATOR
Alta Motors RedShift SM
The RedShift was designed to be “quick off the line”—that is, zippy enough to out-sprint other motorcycles (and cars, trucks and taxis) for a city block or two after a stoplight turns green. After about 100 yards or so, the RedShift's 40 horsepower will no longer be able to stave off more powerful sport bikes, but cars and trucks will still be far behind, keeping riders ahead of the often treacherous city pack. Slim and light, the trail-bike-style RedShift is designed specifically for urban riding, so its relatively short 50-mile range shouldn't be a problem. It charges in 4 hours from an ordinary outlet and, at 275 pounds, would be easy to wheel into an apartment-building elevator. $15,495, altamotors.co
Illustration: Wayne Mills
4. THE NEW BOSS
Harley-Davidson LiveWire
Harley-Davidson built this sculptural bike to gauge customer interest in electric power. When the company took 32 LiveWire prototypes on tour for Harley fans to test drive a couple of years ago, the bikes were largely well received. Sean Cummings, Harley's senior vice president of global demand, attributes this to the fact that the LiveWire is still “a big, bold, badass Harley-Davidson.” Customers' main gripe was the LiveWire's limited 50-mile range, which the company plans to at least double before launching an electric bike in a few years. Although this model doesn't emit Harley's signature rumble, the meshing gears in the bike's drivetrain do generate a satisfying alternative: a sound evocative of a jet-turbine. harley-davidson.com
Illustration: Wayne Mills
5. THE UPSTART
Yamaha PES2
Yamaha is known for producing ultra-high-performance motorcycles that average riders can afford. So when the Japanese company unveiled the PES2 electric street-bike concept at the Tokyo Motor Show last year, enthusiasts took note. Rumors swirled that the PES2 (as well as its off-road-style sibling, the PED2) would be in showrooms soon. Cagey about its electric-bike agenda, Yamaha hasn't announced a release date for these models. But industry insiders believe the company will stay true to the plan it proclaimed six years ago: to lead the electric-motorcycle segment by 2020. This is going to be a tight—and interesting—race. yamaha-motor.com
Corrections & Amplifications
The name of the Empulse TT electric motorcycle was incorrectly given as Empluse TT in one reference in an earlier version of this article.
OTTAWA – The Fraser Institute says it's never been easier financially to raise a child in Canada, with the annual cost much lower than many believe.
The conservative think-tank says it is possible to raise a child on about $3,000 to $4,000 a year, and even less if parents only include necessary expenses and are careful with their dollars.
That is a far cry from some studies that have put the annual expense per child in the $10,000 to $15,000 range — with the total bill for raising a child to age 18 at more than $200,000.
The Fraser Institute says in a new paper that the higher numbers are discouraging for lower income Canadians, who might come away with the conclusion they cannot afford to have children.
But many lower income people can and do raise healthy children, says the paper, authored by economist Christopher Sarlo.
Sarlo concedes their lower estimate is based on the cost of providing a child's essential needs, such as food, clothing, personal care, household supplies, recreation and school supplies.
Very few frills are included in the Fraser total, including no allowance for daycare or lost income if one parent decides to stay home to take care of the children.
That is likely to raise the ire of some family and early-education supporters, who argue that daycare has become a necessity for many dual income couples and important for a child's social and educational development.
Sarlo said the exclusion of daycare is not because it is not a legitimate expense but because the majority of parents have zero child-care costs, saying the item is best treated as a special expense for families for whom it applies. That cost alone, however, would more than double the Fraser annual estimate for those families.
The paper also notes that some affluent parents no doubt spend plenty of money on their children — for music lessons, trips to Disney World, expensive clothing, elaborate toys and games, and on education, including private school.
But these expenses are not needed in order to raise a healthy child at socially acceptable standards, the paper argues.
In truth, Sarlo says, it has never been financially easier to raise a child in Canada because the necessities represent a smaller portion of family income, real incomes are higher, there are more dual income families, and couples are having fewer children than ever before.
Manchester Union Leader publisher Joe McQuaid warns New Hampshire voters about the dwindling chances to stop the Mitt Romney juggernaut:
The lesson from Iowa? Conservative Republicans and like-minded independents in New Hampshire and elsewhere had better rally around their one [of their] the strongest candidates or face the very real prospect of having Barack Obama walk all over former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney.
Romney, having vastly outspent their rivals, managed to win six fewer votes in Iowa this time than they did four years ago. They were virtually tied by Rick Santorum and Ron Paul, gained less than a quarter of the vote, and yet declared “victory.”
The last squishy-moderate Republican to come to New Hampshire claiming to have the “Big Mo” (for momentum) from Iowa was George H.W. Bush. They and their “mainstream” supporters made fun of Ronald Reagan as too old and too conservative.
Reagan beat Bush. But they might have lost had New Hampshire conservatives not coalesced around them instead of splitting their support among several candidates.
This time, they need to get behind former House Speaker Newt Gingrich.
Islamic State: Runaway German girl who joined terrorists led screaming through Mosul street in footage of capture
Updated
Video uploaded to YouTube shows the moment a runaway German teenager who joined Islamic State was captured by Iraqi troops in the ruins of Mosul.
The footage shows 16-year-old Linda W screaming, limping and being heckled by a group of men, thought to be Iraqi counter-terror troops, after their capture in the final days of the battle for the former IS stronghold.
The girl, from the German town of Pulsnitz, was reportedly radicalised online and went to the Middle East as a 15-year-old to marry a man fighting for the terrorist group.
A group of men surrounds them in the mobile phone footage, chanting as the teenager limps screaming along a street.
German media reported they had a gunshot wound on their left thigh and another injury on their right knee, which they said happened during a helicopter attack.
They were one of 26 foreigners arrested by the Iraqi military in Mosul, where Iraqi forces declared victory over IS last month.
If they stay in Iraq and is convicted of terrorism-related offences, they could potentially face the death penalty.
In a second video posted to Facebook, the same woman is seen with Iraqi forces. In this video, they speak a few words in Arabic, then says in English their name is Linda.
After their arrest, they spoke to German media in the infirmary of a military complex in Baghdad, where they told them they wanted to leave.
"I just want to get away from here," they were quoted as saying.
"I want to get away from the war, from the many weapons, from the noise.
"I just want to go home to my family."
German media said the teenager told them they regretted joining IS, wanted to be extradited to Germany and would cooperate with authorities.
Last month, Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi formally declared victory over Islamic State after what was dubbed the Battle for Mosul.
The fall of Mosul was the biggest defeat for the terror group since it declared a "caliphate" three years ago. The group still controls territory west and south of the city.
German authorities had been investigating Linda, who went missing last year, over alleged contacts with IS about preparing a possible act of terrorism.
Lorenz Haase, senior public prosecutor in Dresden, said after their arrest they were receiving consular support but they could not say anything about their exact circumstances.
They said the girl had travelled to Turkey about a year ago with the apparent goal of reaching Iraq or Syria and security officials had later lost them trail.
Germany's domestic intelligence agency estimated about 960 people had left the country to fight for IS and a number wanted to return.
Topics: unrest-conflict-and-war, terrorism, iraq
First posted
Whale Oil blogger Cameron Slater uttered the most memorable quote this year when they compared their role in politics to the Fijian rugby team.
"I play politics like Fijians play rugby. My role is smashing your face into the ground," Slater said following the release of Nicky Hager's Dirty Politics book.
The quote garnered 21 per cent of the 4197 votes cast Massey University's 2014 Quote of the Year competition.
The annual competition is run by Massey University speech writing specialist Heather Kavan who said contentious quotes were often popular.
Advertisement
"But this year the results have been more unpredictable than usual, with quotes emerging from the election in the top four."
Dr Kavan described Slater as a "colourful and controversial New Zealander who seems to like bold declarative sentences" and said neither they nor runner-up, internet Party press secretary Pam Corkery, were known for their reticence.
Corkery's tirade at media at the internet Party's campaign launch took out 17 per cent of the total vote.
"You work in news you puffed up little shit!...When will you glove puppets of Cameron Slater just piss off?" They said.
"I think the footage made the outburst memorable," Dr Kavan said.
"Corkery later speculated that if they had been a male the quote might not have received so much attention, and I think that's a good point.
"A well-dressed female swearing like a trooper takes people by surprise. Also, the glove puppets part was witty, given its spontaneity."
Unlike last year's winner, National MP Maurice William for their gay rainbow speech, this year's list had less inspirational rhetoric, Dr Kavan said.
"It's the political insults and gaffes that have stuck in people's minds."
The power the quote which took out third place, government minister Steven Joyce's "We think it's, um, pretty legal" in reference to a National Party election campaign song similar to one by Eminem, came third and was magnified by television footage, Dr Kavan said.
"Those two words 'pretty legal' might have been forgotten had they been printed in a newspaper. But we saw footage of Joyce smiling as they said the words, prefaced by the United States comedian John Oliver describing the utterance as a 'brilliant legal defence'.
"This provided a moment of humour during a steady diet of negative news items and dirty politics."
The first quote not related to the 2014 election came in sixth - the Health Promotion Agency's "No more beersies for you" campaign.
Massey University's 2014 Quote of the Year:
• First place: "I play politics like Fijians play rugby. My role is smashing your face into the ground." - Whale Oil blogger Cameron Slater.
• Second place: "You work in news you puffed up little shit!...When will you glove puppets of Cameron Slater just piss off?" - internet Party press secretary Pam Corkery.
• Third place: "We think it's, um, pretty legal." - Steven Joyce.
• Fourth place: "I'm sorry for being a man." -David Cunliffe's apology at Labour's domestic violence policy launch.
• Fifth place: "It was all steam and no hangi." Te Tai Tokerau MP Kelvin Davis describing internet-Mana after it failed to deliver on the hype.
• Sixth place: "No more beersies for you." Health Promotion Agency campaign
• Seventh place: "I did not have textual relations with that blogger." Spoof of John Key's initial denial that they had received texts from Whale Oil blogger Cameron Slater tweeted by Lloyd Burr of RadioLive
• Eighth place: "He could probably survive shooting little kittens in their garden with a shotgun." - Kim Dotcom on how little impact Dirty Politics had on Prime Minister John Key's approval ratings.
• Ninth place: "It terrifies me how much of our economy is stuck inside a dairy cow." - Comedian Te Radar talking to farmers at Fieldays.
• Tenth place: "Get past the breath-taking PR snow job." - Former Cera communications adviser Tina Nixon describing the press conference announcing the resignation Roger Sutton
Thoughts on the St. Louis Rams' 31-17 victory over the Arizona Cardinals in Week 12 at University of Phoenix Stadium:
What it means: The Cardinals' latest quarterback experiment will not produce immediate positive results, even at home against a struggling opponent. The Rams, who had not won since they defeated Arizona in Week 5, got strong play from Sam Bradford after the third-year quarterback briefly left the game with an injury. Sweeping the season series from Arizona puts the Rams (4-6-1) in position to finish ahead of the Cardinals (4-7) in the NFC West standings. The Cardinals are the first NFL team to lose seven consecutive games following a 4-0 start. They are hoping Kevin Kolb returns from injury soon.
What I liked: Cardinals rookie quarterback Ryan Lindley completed 7 of 8 passes to open the game as Arizona drove to Beanie Wells' touchdown run for a 7-0 lead. Lindley was making their first NFL start. It was important for Arizona to have Lindley inspire some confidence early in the game. Lindley made some impressive throws, but the four interceptions they threw more than offset them.
It was important for the Rams, conversely, that their defense finally ended its turnover drought before it reached an NFL-record six games. That happened when Rams rookie cornerback Janoris Jenkins returned a Lindley interception for a touchdown to tie the game, 7-7. Safety Craig Dahl picked off another Lindley pass later in the game. Jenkins collected another pick-six to put away the game for Arizona. Even linebacker James Laurinaitis picked off a pass.
Bradford showed toughness by returning quickly after taking a hard hit that left them holding their ribs. Bradford quickly moved the Rams down the field, connecting with second-year tight end Lance Kendricks for a touchdown off play-action. As players note, playing hurt is one thing. Playing well when hurt is another.
Steven Jackson topped 100 yards rushing for the Rams, a big help for Bradford and the offense. Rookie Chris Givens had a 37-yard touchdown reception for the Rams, continuing their big-play production. They also topped 100 yards.
Also, the Cardinals got two touchdowns from Beanie Wells in the running back's return from injury.
What I didn't like: Three three turnovers from Lindley made life tough for the Cardinals' defense. Still, Arizona gave up too many plays to a Rams offense that had struggled during a 27-13 defeat to the New York Jets last week. Bradford tossed a pick in the end zone for the second time in as many games against the Cardinals this season. Patrick Peterson picked off both of those passes. Cardinals receiver Larry Fitzgerald had a rough time producing for the second week in a row. They had one catch for 11 yards last week and had three catches for 31 yards deep into the fourth quarter. A holding penalty against Rams tackle Rodger Saffold spoiled a red zone opportunity for St. Louis.
What's next: Arizona visits the Jets. The Rams are home against San Francisco. St. Louis has a 3-0-1 record in NFC West play.
So far, 2013 has brought with it a number of changes to Google's Android strategy. More and more apps and services are being separated from the core of the operating system to allow for easier updating. Google didn't take advantage of Google I/O to announce a new version of Android, and what we've seen of the rumored version 4.3 suggests that it will be a relatively minor update. And Google is working with its partners to sell versions of their high-end smartphones that run stock Android instead of those partners' respective Android skins.
The roster of so-called Google Play-edition phones doesn't replace Google's tailor-made Nexus products, but it does augment them—if you don't like the design of the Nexus 4 or its lack of LTE, these handsets are intended to give you the stock Android experience running on the best hardware anyone is making today. Samsung's Galaxy S 4 and the HTC One are the first two phones on offer, and we'll look at the One here.
Whether you prefer the stock Android experience to HTC's Sense and its add-ons is largely a matter of taste, but there are some things about the Google Play edition of the phone that are objectively better, worse, and just plain different from the standard edition. It is to these aspects of the phone that we'll be paying the most attention. For more on the standard edition of the One, our review of it is here; more detailed information on Android 4.2 is here.
The hardware
Specs at a glance: HTC One Google Play edition Screen 1920×1080 4.7-inch (468 PPI) Super LCD 3 with RGB Matrix OS Android 4.2.2 CPU Quad-core 1.7GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 RAM 2GB GPU Qualcomm Adreno 320 Storage 32GB NAND flash Networking 802.11a/b/g/n/ac, Bluetooth 4.0, NFC Ports Micro-USB, headphones Camera 4MP rear camera with "UltraPixel" image sensor, 2.1MP front camera Size 5.41" × 2.69" × 0.37" (137.4 × 68.2 × 9.3 mm) Weight 5.0 oz. (143 g) Battery 2300 mAh Starting price $599 Sensor Accelerometer, gyroscope, digital compass, proximity sensor, ambient light sensor
The phone's shell is nearly identical to the subsidized, locked versions of the One you can go out and buy from your carrier. The only external difference between the two phones is the AT&T logo etched onto the back of the standard One.
Otherwise, this is the same handsome aluminum body and 1080p IPS touchscreen that we saw in our One review earlier this year. Whether you prefer to hold the One, the Nexus 4, or the Galaxy S 4 in your hand will depend on which material you prefer—metal, glass, or plastic—but we can say that the One remains one of the nicest Android phones on the market right now. It feels rock solid in your hand, and unlike the glass-backed Nexus 4, the One shouldn't be as prone to scratches and scuffs.
If you're coming from any other phone, the one thing that might take a little getting used to is the way the One's edges are angled inward slightly toward the display. Most other phones and handheld devices that come through our offices—the Galaxies, iPhones, BlackBerries, and so on—have flat edges, and the first day or so I spent with the One the phone felt just ever-so-slightly off. You get used to it (and to the phone's height—it's slightly taller than either the Galaxy S 4 or the Nexus 4) in short order, but it's really the only thing I can think to take issue with. Otherwise, the One still feels excellent, regardless of the software it's running.
The software
These phones' main draw is their promise of stock, up-to-date Android, and on that front the Google Play edition of the One delivers. All of the standard One's splash screens have been replaced by the same understated Google logo as is found on the Nexus, plus a boot animation specific to Google Play Edition phones (it trades the Nexus' glowing, multi-colored X for multi-colored circles that swirl around each other in an X-shaped pattern).
If anything, the version of Android 4.2.2 on the HTC One looks even more "stock" than the Google Play edition of the Galaxy S 4, which changes the lock screen a bit to accommodate flip covers and gets rid of some gradients throughout the OS to better take advantage of that phone's AMOLED display (since AMOLED pixels display black by shutting all the way off, a black background consumes a tiny bit less power than a dark background with a gradient).
There are two big visible changes compared to the Nexus 4 Android experience: the first, obviously, is that the onscreen software buttons (part of the Android design spec for phones since version 4.0) are absent in favor of the One's capacitive home and back buttons. This frees up a few extra pixels on the One's screen unless an app calls for the legacy Android Settings button, which shows up at the bottom as it does on the standard One. The second is that a Beats Audio toggle has been added to the sound settings. When using the phone's built-in speakers the setting makes a positive difference, and on the stock One the Beats optimizations make the highs a bit less tinny and the lows a bit more bass-y than in the standard version.
Overview
Circuit Specialists 32 Volt, 5.0 Amp DC Power Supply
Originally the Hantek PPS2116A, Circuit Specialists now sells this great value DC power supply directly. This is the identical product from the original manufacturer, so you get the same great product at an even better price, shipped & supported from the USA!
Due to the success of this product, Circuit Specialists now sells it under our own brand. It is identical to our previous models sold by Hantek. We have made a deal to purchase these great units directly from the same original equipment manufacturer as the Hantek PPS2116A. Now we are able to bring you the same great power supply at a great price by cutting out the middle man.
This benchtop linear power supply is a multi-functional programmable power supply featuring a variable output that can supply 0-32V at 0-5.0 amps. This lab grade power supply boasts all digital controls from the front panel and, for additional options, may be controlled via a PC interface through a rear mounted USB link. For safety, this model has an automatic, internal cooling fan that activates under high load conditions but it runs completely silent most of the time. There is also onboard overvoltage protection and overcurrent protection. For fast, repeatable set up there are 5 voltage and current presets and a rotary dial for fine adjustments. With its USB port, the power supply can be connected to a PC and the control software supports data logging.
This is an image of the PPS2116A's USB connected control screen in the included admin software, see the below video for additional images and an explanation of the PPS2116A's operation.
PPS2116A Power Supply Specifications
Low ripple
High resolution: 10mV, 1mA
Features selectable auto-serial or parallel function
Convenient software calibration for use with PC
High-stability
Low drift
Built-in over voltage and overcurrent protection
Cooling by internal thermostatically controlled fan
Voltage Output: 0-32VDC
Current Output: 0-5 amps
Source Effect: CV≤0.01%+3mV(mA)
Load Effect:
CV≤0.01%+3mV(I≤3A)
CC≤0.2%+3mA(I≤3A)
CV≤0.02%+5mV(I>3A)
CC≤0.2%+5mA(I>3A)
Ripple and Noise:
CV≤l.0mVrms(I≤3A)
CC≤3mArms(I≤3A)
CV≤2.0mVrms(I>3A)
CC≤6mArms(I>3A)
Read accuracy:
Read accuracy voltage: <±(read values 0.5% + 2bit)
Read accuracy current: <±(read values 1% + 2bit)
Temperature: 0-- + 40 deg C
Humidity: ≤80%
Power: 110VAC, 60Hz
Dimensions: 350mm x 150mm x 210mm
Weight: 5.44kg, 12 lbs
Please Note: This power supply uses standard 110-120 volt, 60 Hz AC power and is supplied with a grounded power cable compatible with 110-120 volt power outlets as used in the United States. It is NOT compatible with 220-240 volt, 50 Hz power systems used in other countries unless a proper power adapter/converter is used (not included).
Due to safety concerns, Circuit Specialists does not stock power adapters or converters for power supplies at this time.
Here is the original PPS2116A DC Power Supply Owner's Manual.
This is an updated, Revised PPS2116A Owner's Manual.
Helpful Links
Here is a zip file containing the PPS2116A PC Control Software.
This file contains updated, new Control Software for the PPS2116A.
This version of the PPS2116A Control Software has been updated for Windows.
Here is an explanation of the Control Communications Protocol for USB control of the PPS2116A.
This is the Original PPS2116A Driver CD in ISO format.
* Programming Note From a Customer: "I am communicating with the power supply using HyperTerminal on Windows 10. I've found a problem. Your documentation lists the commands for output enable and disable as "O1" and "O0" (first character is capital O). However the commands that work are "o1" and "o0" (lower case o.) Commands in many instruments are not case sensitive but for this instrument they are and the documentation is incorrect."
Issues in Tank Realism
There are a few things that baffle me when it comes to tanks in this game:
• Armour penetration
• Engine torque
• Engine acceleration
Armour penetration
Historically, the T-34/76 had mediocre armour with a decent cannon, but were far more numerous and had very high speeds. Historically, the Panzer IV G had excellent armour with a very powerful cannon, but were far smaller in number and moved quite a bit slower. Yet in the game the damage dealt by both T-34/76 and Panzer IV G cannons to opposing tanks is roughly equal. Historically, a single armoured Panzer division was worth around an entire Soviet armoured corps.
Engine Torque
The engines on the Panzer IV G seem to suffer from extremely low engine torque, which is a problem with tank simulations in many arcade games (e.g. Battlefield III). They find it very difficult to scale small hills at 20° in gradient. The only reason the T-34/76 doesn't suffer from this in the game is due to it's significantly higher acceleration.
Engine Acceleration (See Edit, below)
Historically, the T-34/76 was known as a very fast tank. However, the Panzer IV G was not known for being a slow tank. It travelled at a mediocre speed, reaching 42 kph on road and 16 kph off-road, meaning rough terrain. For the smooth and reasonably flat, gently sloping gradients in open areas of the game, the Panzer IV G accelerates as if it started out with a damaged engine.
Also, is it me or is Red Orchestra 2 a much faster and more arcade game than Red Orchestra 1?
Edit :
I discovered that the particular model of Panzer IV in this game is version G, which increased its frontal hull armour to 80mm. Apparently this created some driving difficulties due to the increased weight. Perhaps this is the reason why the Panzer IV accelerates so slowly in-game, but that may not explain the low torque and difficulty moving up gentle slopes.
St. Phillips Graveyard Even though St. Phillips church hangs a sign that reads, “The only ghost here is the Holy Ghost,” others believe the ghost of Sue Howard, a woman who died shortly after giving birth to a stillborn baby, haunts this graveyard in the Holy City. The apparition is said to haunt pregnant women and women who have had miscarriages who pass by. An amateur photograph from 1987 even captured the ghost mourning over a grave.
Old Exchange Building This historic landmark in Charleston played many roles in the city's past -- including being a prison during the American Revolution, and before then, housing some of the world's most notorious criminals like the pirate Blackbeard. Now it is famous for its paranormal activity, like reported sightings of swinging chains and orbs, as well as inducing feelings of “cold spots.”
Old City Jail In the heart of Charleston's historic district lies the Old City Jail, which once housed the city's most notorious convicts, pirates and Civil War prisoners. It was also the site for the public execution of the first US female serial killer, Lavina Fisher, who creepily wore their wedding dress in their final minutes. Our very own Ghost Adventures team investigated the ghost of Lavina Fisher at this haunted historic landmark with their signature lockdown.
Poogan's Porch Restaurant If you want to combine a delicious lowcountry meal with your ghost hunting, this is the place. Poogan's diners frequently report sightings of the restaurant's resident ghost Zoe, a spinster schoolteacher who used to live in this once grand Victorian until their death in 1954. Who's Poogan, then? A 4-legged dog whose presence also remains here, on “his” porch even after their death in 1979.
Dock Street Theatre This working performance arts theatre has had a tumultuous past, including fires and even an earthquake, since it opened in 1735. It is considered one of most haunted places in Charleston, with 2 ghosts roaming the theatre. One ghost is the spirit of famous actor Junius Brutus Booth, the father of John Wilkes Booth, the man who shot Abraham Lincoln, and the second is a nameless ghost believed to be a prostitute.
Unitarian Church Graveyard This overgrown cemetery is the home of the ghost of Annabel Lee, the subject of Edgar Allan Poe's famous poem of the same name. Annabel's father opposed them seeing Poe, a sailor in the Navy at the time, so the 2 lovers engaged in a forbidden tryst meeting at the cemetery. Even when Annabel Lee died of yellow fever their father wanted to keep the lovers apart, so they dug up all the graves around theirs so that heartbroken Poe wouldn't know which one was Annabel's. Many claim to see Annabel's ghost roaming the cemetery today, still searching for them lost love.
Battery Carriage Inn Known as "Charleston's most haunted inn," this B&B dates back to 1843 and is reportedly home to several ghosts, including "The Headless Torso," who haunts Room 8, and the "Gentleman Ghost," who appears in Room 10 from time to time.
White Point Garden This public park in Charleston's historic district looks out over Charleston Harbor and Fort Sumter. In the early 1700s, a group of about 50 pirates were hanged here in a public execution. Now the pirates' spirits are said to still roam the park, searching for their executioners.
Country's broadcast watchdog rules that the word is now so commonplace that it is no longer as vulgar as it once was
It may be still be too blue for English speakers, but authorities in Canada have ruled that the word “fuck” is no longer taboo on French language broadcasts as its use is so commonplace.
The Canadian Broadcasting Standards Council (CBSC) had previously classified the word as being suitable only for adults in both French and English, banning its use on radio and television to beyond the evening watershed and even then, only with a warning.
But after complaints from listeners that the French-language Montreal radio station CKOI-FM had twice aired clips with the word this year, it changed its mind in a ruling released Wednesday.
The CBSC agreed with the station's argument that “fuck” was now “part of the common French spoken language” and therefore does not have “the same vulgar connotations when used in French.”
Swearing Is Good for You by Emma Byrne; How to Swear by Stephen Wildish – review Read more
“The (CBSC) panel emphasises, in this regard, that language is evolutionary and reflects current society,” it said in its decision.
In a following statement it added: “Although the CBSC has previously said that the f-word should not be broadcast on radio during daytime or early evening hours, it established in a previous decision regarding the use of the word in a French-language television program, that using the word “fuck” in French does not have the same vulgar connotation as it does in English.
“If the word is used infrequently and not as an insult towards a particular person, it will be deemed acceptable in the context of French-language programming.”
In the first clip, the singer Madonna could be heard swearing during a women's march against US President Donald Trump. In the second, Green Day lead singer Billie Joe Armstrong could be heard saying it in a concert excerpt.
I had the pleasure of having a very informative Q&A with David Pritchett from PlanetBenfica. Here is our conversation:
First off congratulations on winning your third consecutive league title last year, the 35th in your team's history, and best of luck defending your crown this year!
Benfica are currently sitting in first place with 16 points, holding a 1 point lead on Sporting and 3 over rivals Porto.
What are your thoughts on the season so far?
Benfica have made a solid start to the new campaign, without hitting top gear. They beat Braga in the Portuguese Supercup, and have taken an early lead in the Portuguese title race, with five wins from their opening six fixtures. Considering the unbelievable number of injuries they have sustained so far (seventeen at the last count), the results have been magnificent.
How has Jonas' injury affected the team?
Any team would miss a forward that has contributed 68 goals and 26 assists in 85 games. To make matters worse, Jonas' absence has coincided with injuries to Benfica's other senior strikers, Kostas Mitroglou and Raúl Jiménez. Despite the injury crisis, head coach Rui Vitória hasn't altered their formation or tactical approach, fielding wingers as makeshift strikers. The team has kept on winning, but they have missed Jonas' creative influence, and their composure in front of goal.
What do you think is Benfica's biggest strength and weakness?
Benfica have extraordinary mental strength. The team overhauled an eight-point deficit in the Primeira Liga last season, which is testament to their determination and self-belief. Everybody knows their role in the team, and every member of the squad is made to feel valued. Benfica have the youngest starting eleven in this year's Champions League, and the team plays without fear.
In recent games, Benfica's biggest weakness has been defending crosses. Four of the five goals conceded this season have come from aerial balls played into the box. Full-backs Nélson Semedo and Álex Grimaldo lack height, while centre-back Lisandro López has a nasty habit of letting players evade them at corners and free-kicks.
How would you describe your style of play?
Rui Vitória favours a fairly straightforward 4-4-2 formation, with one holding midfielder, one box-to-box midfielder, a creative second striker, and one centre-forward spearheading the attack. When Benfica have the ball, the holding midfielder drops deep, allowing the full-backs to roam forward and join the attack. The majority of the players are technically gifted and comfortable on the ball, so look out for some neat passing combinations. There is also plenty of pace in the side, so they are particularly dangerous on the counter-attack.
You tied your first match at home in the Champions League against Besiktas. What did you think of the defending Turkish champions?
Besiktas played fairly well, and certainly deserved their point at the Estádio da Luz. Ricardo Quaresma and Talisca were particularly impressive. Then again, I firmly believe that Benfica would have won the game had one or two strikers been fit for selection. Let's also not forget that Rui Vitória was suspended for the match, and their replacement Arnaldo Teixeira was far too hesitant with theirs substitutions.
What was your first impression of the Champions League group when you learned of the teams? Has anything changed heading into this second UCL matchday?
Group B is one of the most evenly matched in the competition, and I expect it to be tightly contested. Besiktas and Dynamo Kyiv were two of the stronger teams from Pots 3 and 4, and both away games will involve lengthy journeys to hostile stadiums. Napoli is a formidable team packed with talented players, who I expect to top the group. Besiktas' late equaliser in Lisbon has made things a lot more difficult, but I'm quietly confident that Benfica will finish in second place.
Are there any players you are expecting to have a breakout year to help you defend the league title and make a push in Europe?
That is a difficult question to answer, because Rui Vitória has so many talented youngsters at their disposal. The latest to nail down a first-team slot are 21-year old left-back Álex Grimaldo and 19-year old midfielder André Horta. Grimaldo has arguably been the player of the season so far. They have quick feet and superb close control, they love to get forward, and their crosses and free-kicks have added a new attacking dimension to the team. Horta has been asked to fill the void left by the departing Renato Sanches, and they have slotted seamlessly into their box-to-box role.
Thank you for your time and providing us with some great insight into Benfica. It was a pleasure speaking with you!
Tel Aviv -- Discovered by archaeologists in 1952, a 28-foot-high stone tower discovered on the edge of the town of Jericho has puzzled scientists ever since. Now, eleven centuries after it was built, Tel Aviv University archaeologists at the ancient site Tel Jericho are revealing new facts about the world's first "skyscraper."
Recent computer-based research by doctoral student Roy Liran and Dr. Ran Barkai of Tel Aviv University's Jacob M. Alkow Department of Archaeology and Ancient Near Eastern Cultures at the Lester and Sally Entin Faculty of Humanities sheds light on who built the 28-foot-high tower -- and why.
The researchers note that this is the first instance of human beings erecting such a tall structure, even before the transition to agriculture and food production in the region. Liran and Dr. Barkai now believe that the tower, which required about ten years to build, is an indication of power struggles at the beginning of the Neolithic period, and that a particular person or people exploited the primeval fears of Jericho's residents in persuading them to build it. The new revelations about the ancient tower were recently published in the journal Antiquity.
"In the newly published article, we present a new and exciting discovery," Liran and Dr. Barkai said in a joint statement, "which is connected to the exact position of the tower on the edges of the village of Jericho, and the shadow that covers the site when the sun sets on the longest day of the year."
A stairway (and tower) to Heaven
"Reconstruction of the sunset revealed to us that the shadow of the hill as the sun sets on the longest day of the year falls exactly on the Jericho tower, envelops the tower and then covers the entire village," the researchers explained. "For this reason, we suggest that the tower served as an earthly element connecting the residents of the site with the hills around them and with the heavenly element of the setting sun." Its construction may be related to the primeval fears and cosmological beliefs of the villagers, they note.
Tel Jericho, located in modern day Jericho in the West Bank, is one of the most ancient sites in the world. The eight and half meter tower, which was built with a steep flight of stairs approximately one meter wide, rises above a four-meter wall that probably encompassed the city. The existence of the tower led to Jericho's identification as the first city in the world, even though it was in fact a settlement of pre-agricultural hunter gatherers.
"This was a time when hierarchy began and leadership was established," Dr. Barkai told the Jerusalem Post. "We believe this tower was one of the mechanisms to motivate people to take part in a communal lifestyle."
Debunking old theories
Some researchers have proposed that the tower and wall together comprised a system of fortification and a defense against flooding. Others have suggested the tower and wall as a geographical marker, defining the territory of the early residents of Jericho, and a symbol of the wealth and power of the ancient village.
In a 2008 article, the Tel Aviv University researchers proposed that the tower and wall of Jericho should be seen as cosmological markers, connecting the ancient village of Jericho with the nearby Mount Qarantal and sunset on the longest day of the year. The new paper fortifies their hypothesis.
This idea is based on the fact that the axis of the flight of stairs in the tower was built at a precise angle to the setting of the sun on the longest day of the year behind the highest peak overlooking Jericho, Mount Qarantal. They believe that it is humanity's first skyscraper, however small, and also the world's first public building.
###
American Friends of Tel Aviv University (www.aftau.org) supports Israel's leading, most comprehensive and most sought-after center of higher learning. Independently ranked 94th among the world's top universities for the impact of its research, TAU's innovations and discoveries are cited more often by the global scientific community than all but 10 other universities.
Internationally recognized for the scope and groundbreaking nature of its research and scholarship, Tel Aviv University consistently produces work with profound implications for the future.
TODAY: Hastings divulged some further details of Moncada's plans to ESPN.com's Jerry Crasnick. “I don't have any more plans [for workouts] after next week,” said Hastings. “I'm looking at around the 23rd of this month to have all the input we need to make a decision on where he'll start — and hopefully end — their professional career.” Moncada is expected to participate in four or five more private workouts before fielding final offers and making their decision.
YESTERDAY: Cuban phenom Yoan Moncada will field offers over the coming two weeks and hopes to make a decision shortly thereafter, agent David Hastings told Dylan Hernandez of the L.A. Times today. “I'm hoping, certainly, that by the end of next week, we'll have a much clearer picture of where they will sign,” said Hastings.
Hastings said he'd like to get Moncada into a club's Spring Training camp as soon as possible. Pitchers and catchers are set to begin reporting for clubs over the next week to 10 days, with position players soon to follow. As such, a two week timeline would give Moncada a chance to be with a team if not at the onset of camp, then at least soon after.
The Dodgers, Yankees, Red Sox and possibly the Padres are thought to be the major players for Moncada, who could command a bonus of $30-40MM, which would come with a nearly identical tax penalty, as Moncada's record-shattering bonus will blow any team's international bonus pool out of the water. In total, when factoring in the 100 percent tax applied to every dollar spent over the pool, Moncada could cost $70-80MM total (though the tax, of course, goes to the league and not the player).
Hernandez writes that the Dodgers aren't as concerned with the total cost as they are with the limitations that signing Moncada would place on them in future signing periods. Whichever team signs Moncada will, in addition to the asupervisorstioned overage tax, be restricted from signing an international amateur for more than $300K in each of the following signing periods. As Hernandez notes, the new Dodgers front office is keen on rebuilding a farm system that became depleted under previous ownership.
In other Moncada news — or rather, speculation — Ken Rosenthal of FOX Sports wonders if the Padres can truly be serious players for the 19-year-old infielder (All Twitter links). As Rosenthal points out, the overage tax must be paid to the league in one lump sum, and San Diego ownership may struggle to produce that kind of cash so immediately. (Rosenthal also notes that the league has yet to determine where the tax will be spent, but it could be allocated toward international development.)
For those who haven't been following the Moncada saga, the switch-hitting infielder was recently declared a free agent and eligible to sign with MLB teams. An elite five-tool prospect, many feel that Moncada would go first overall in the 2015 draft were they eligible. Their tools have been likened to those of Robinson Cano and Chase Utley (in their prime), and there are those who feel they will be better than countrymen Yasiel Puig, Jose Abreu, Yoenis Cespedes and Jorge Soler. Baseball America's Ben Badler recently wrote that he'd rank Moncada in the top 7-12 prospects in all baseball upon signing, while MLB.com's Jim Callis said he'd rank “among the top 10 or 15” (Twitter link) and Fangraphs' Kiley McDaniel estimated he'd rank in the 5-12 range.
This year I decided to set out on a journey of self-improvement. I took a playwriting class, bought a cookbook, started typing everything I ate into an app, signed up for a corporate gym membership, took my first selfies, made myself go to bed before 10PM every night, bought seven nonfiction books, and called my grandmother on their birthday.
What do I have to show for it? Basically nothing. Except for my dream journal. Bless my dream journal. Oh sweet dream journal, keeper of secrets, prompter of aspirations, gateway into the subconscious sexual fantasies of strangers.
is it self-improvement if it doesn't make you a more efficient worker?
Two weeks ago, I began experimenting with keeping a dream journal using the Dream Journal Ultimate app and it's incredible. This is the one form of self-improvement I attempted that actually, at some point, led me to something outside of myself. (Not counting the fact that the gym membership led me to Kelley G, my spin instructor, whom I love!). I wasn't simply more efficient, but, dare I say it, better realized.
The Dream Journal Ultimate app has lots of great features, such as the option to set a PIN to protect your digital dream journal. It seems like a wildly unnecessary security precaution, unless you're afraid of Leo DiCaprio casing your brain for dream theft, though I admit a password does conjure a pinch of that familiar thrill of keeping a padlocked diary in middle school. A "reality alarm" interrupts a perfectly good night's sleep to remind you to jot down your nighttime memories. The loud chime woke me up in the middle of a dream only twice, and both times I really resented it. Maybe it's the colder weather, but I seem to only have dreams about snuggling now! Sure, I probably wouldn't have remembered in the morning if an app hadn't buzzed in my ear and made me write them down. But ultimately, I choose uninterrupted nights of healthy sleep over remembering dreams that I wish I'd never left.
Basically, the app would be largely forgettable if not for its best feature, the one that makes the case for using this app instead of a notepad: the "dream wall."
In Dream Journal Ultimate, you can choose to set individual dream entries to "public," making your dream recaps available to curious strangers — like me. Maybe you're hoping for a little interpretation advice, maybe you just had a dream so weird and funny you can't resist the urge to share. It's a good way to get a chance to talk about your dreams with someone who is not your personal friend or lover — personal friends and lovers always tire of dream share time so quickly!
Dreams that are "public" show up in an endlessly scrolling feed called "the dream wall." You're required to make a quick judgment call before you post as to whether your dream is appropriate for the eyes of children. I don't mark any of my dreams "18 and older" because I don't think we should be shielding America's youth from the realities of crippling loneliness. Let them read about the time I dreamt that I was watching Vanderpump Rules and eating steamed carrots in my bed with nobody hahahahahaha. It's good for them!
what's the ulterior motive to sharing a dream?
Anyway, the fun part about seeing the "18 and older" label on everyone's public dreams is that there is really no way to know why a dream is only appropriate for adults until you click on it. Sometimes it's because the dream is violent, sometimes it's because the dream is thematically weighty, in one instance it was because the dream contained spoilers for X-Men Apocalypse — but most of the time it's because the dream is sexual.
I guess it shouldn't have been surprising that people who had been invited to anonymously share the weirdest products of their sleeping brain with a sympathetic public really went for it. One user wrote about having sex as a fish, another wrote about being spontaneously pregnant with quadruplets in high school. My favorite dream-recorder's poem was basically a poem:
I love all the dreams — the raunchy, the funny, the benign — because there's no ulterior motive to sharing a dream. We are not discussing how well we succeeded at the Raw 30 Diet or comparing jogging routines or logging how many Theodor Adorno essays we have gotten through this month. We are just saying "My brain told me this weird story, what do you think?"
Sometimes, before bed, I like looking for patterns in my dreams and in the dreams of strangers. It reminds me of Sudoku, or high school English, where we spent weeks mining symbolism from the surface of mid-century lit. Dream Journal Ultimate does absolutely nothing to make me more productive. I am not a faster worker or a hotter person or a better member of civil society, but I do have a little non-demanding community of strangers who are willing to share their strangest nightmares, fantasies, and absurdist non-stories with me.
I have just chaired a meeting of the cabinet, where we agreed that the government should call a general election, to be held on 8 June.
The breakneck speed reflects a narrow window of opportunity in Europe. Any later would eat into the precious negotiating time reserved for Brexit and risk exposing the contradictions in Britain's position. Instead, the prime minister hopes to exploit the lull between invoking article 50 and the upcoming French elections to strengthen their hand before the trials ahead.
I want to explain the reasons for that decision.
In fact, there is no mention at all one of the biggest reasons, which is Tory party strength in the polls and the chance to increase its majority. To spell this out might tempt fate and look opportunistic, but to not even hint at it risks looking disingenuous.
At this moment of enormous national significance there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division. The country is coming together, but Westminster is not.
It is hard to square this vision of parliamentary opposition with the ease in which legislation enabling article 50 sailed through parliament. It is true that Labour opposition to a hard Brexit is getting louder, but May implies it stands against the referendum decision. Critics and fans of Corbyn alike would argue the opposite.
Our opponents believe that because the government's majority is so small, our resolve will weaken and that they can force us to change course.
Mischievous minds may wonder which opponents they have in mind here. It was the threat of Tory rebellion that forced climbdowns over the budget and various procedural Brexit concessions. A larger majority would give May the strength to plot their own course between the two wings of their own party.
I have only recently and reluctantly come to this conclusion. Since I became prime minister I have said that there should be no election until 2020, but now I have concluded that the only way to guarantee certainty and stability for the years ahead is to hold this election.
Expect more verbal gymnastics of this sort in the next seven weeks. That they believe the only way to ensure stability is to dissolve their government suggests May is also braced for far harder Brexit negotiations than they have been prepared to acknowledge so far.
This is your moment to show you mean it, to show you are not opposing the government for the sake of it, to show that you do not treat politics as a game.
This is intended as both a trap and a taunt to opposition MPs. If Labour sticks to its support for Brexit, there will be little to choose between them on the one issue where May could be vulnerable.  They are gambling that reversing that position now would backfire among voters who still believe in their referendum decision. Any threat from the Liberal Democrats remains limited so early into the Brexit process.
It will be a choice between strong and stable leadership in the national interest, with me as your prime minister, or weak and unstable coalition government.
Just to rub in how weak the official opposition party is, May is not even prepared to concede they could form a government of their own.
Rafah, Gaza Strip - Under continued Israeli air strikes and artillery fire, Issa Akel has no other choice: The 50-year-old bulldozer driver must stop unearthing the dead bodies buried beneath the rubble in this southern Gaza town and seek safety for himself.
In Hay al-Junina, east of Rafah, Akel went on a mission to rescue the dead, but they soon realised that their life was in danger. On Saturday, the town's roads were littered with dead bodies, left bleeding for hours without any ambulance crew arriving to rescue them.
"We are now unable to dig out bodies of people from under the ground," Subhi Radwan, the mayor of Rafah, told Al Jazeera. They explained that their office receives hundreds of calls for help, but the municipality's trucks can't access most areas.
Local medics said that at least 110 people have been killed in Rafah in the past 24 hours, while hundreds more have been injured. At least 1,680 Palestinians have been killed and 8,500 others hurt in Gaza since Israel's military offensive began on July 8.
On Friday, an Israeli tank shell struck an ambulance in Rafah, killing three medical crew members: Yousef Elshiekh Eid, Yousef Darabeh, and Atef Alzamli. Meanwhile, the city's only hospital, Abu Yousef Al Najjar, has been under constant Israeli artillery shelling, forcing doctors to evacuate their patients and the dead bodies.
The killings in Rafah occurred just two hours after an internationally brokered, 72-hour humanitarian ceasefire between Hamas and Israel came into effect. Israel blamed Hamas for shattering the truce, while the Palestinian group said Israeli troops used the short-lived deal to storm into Rafah and kill residents.
Meanwhile, Ashraf al-Qedra of Gaza's health ministry has appealed to international groups to ensure that ambulances have a secure route to evacuate victims to the nearby town of Khan Younes.
RELATED: Israeli buffer zone tightens Gaza chokehold
With nowhere safe left to take the dead, people in Rafah have begun storing the bodies of their loved-ones in refrigerators usually used to store food items. Al Jazeera saw dozens of bodies stuffed into one such refrigerator.
Nearly half the city was under Israeli bombardment on Saturday, making it difficult to arrange proper burials. "Injured people [are] calling us … but we can't get to them," said a local ambulance driver. "No one is safe, ambulance crew, municipality workers, and civilians in their homes, are hit," Mayor Radwan told Al Jazeera.
We are receiving hundreds of phone calls from people who have no water and they can't move under constant artillery shelling. - Subhi Radwan, Rafah mayor
The crisis in Rafah has resulted in a lack of electricity, water, and sanitation services. "We are receiving hundreds of phone calls from people who have no water and they can't move under constant artillery shelling," said Radwan, explaining that between 30,000-40,000 people have been left without drinking water in the eastern part of the city.
The violence has also created thousands of new internally displaced persons , according to the United Nations, including many who have sought shelter in overcrowded UN schools. At least 280,000 Palestinians across Gaza have now been displaced.
The UN estimates that 76 families have lost three or more members in the same in incident, totalling over 400 deaths.
Radwan said they had never seen a war like this in their 62 years, more than half of which has been spent working in public services in Rafah. "In the past I have dealt with [the] Egyptian and Israeli military," they said, "but it has never reached [this] level of no consideration for [the] humanitarian crisis".
Follow Mohammed Omer on Twitter: @mogaza
Share
Activision received a new patent for a system that encourages gamers to buy in-game items, by leveraging its matchmaking system. The matchmaking system would pair inexperienced players with more experienced players to subtly influence their purchasing decisions.
Filed in 2015, but awarded this month, the patent protects a “system and method for driving microtransactions in multiplayer video games.” It discusses methods for encouraging players to pay for in-game items to increase their chances of success. Such methods could involve matching players in a manner that suggests they need to pay to catch up to their opposition or that highlights the differences in equipment to showcase what kind of loadout a player ‘should' have in order to be competitive.
The system wouldn't just use the stick of unfair matchmaking, but also offer a carrot for those who did pay for in-game items. As Rolling Stone describes, if a player makes a suggested purchase, their next game may be matched in a different way to make the use of the in-game item appear effective, indirectly validating their purchase.
“Doing so may enhance a level of enjoyment by the player for the game-related purchase, which may encourage future purchases,” the patent reads. “For example, if the player purchased a particular weapon, the microtransaction engine may match the player in a gameplay session in which the particular weapon is highly effective, giving the player an impression that the particular weapon was a good purchase. This may encourage the player to make future purchases to achieve similar gameplay results.”
The patent also suggests that when in-game marketing and encouragement for purchases does not work, it could change tack and offer different in-game items to try and find something that the player might be interested in.
“[If the] first player did not purchase the in-game item, the player profile may be updated to reflect such non-purchase so that future targeted marketing of in-game items and other game-related purchases may be adjusted based on what has not been successful at enticing a given player to make a game-related purchase,” the patent said.
Exploitative money making tactics in game development are a hotbed of discussion in gaming at the moment. Loot chests and whether or not they constitute gambling are the latest talking point, but Activision's proposed system is likely to draw its fair share of ire, too.
Activision has made a public statement to confirm that it has not implemented any of the described microtransaction systems into its games at this time. Bungie also confirmed that these systems are not used in Destiny 2.
BERLIN — A year ago, they were the leading voice in Europe lecturing their constituents about the moral obligation to take in hundreds of thousands of mostly Muslim refugees fleeing from Syria and other global crisis spots.
But at their party convention this month, German Chancellor Angela Merkel came out forcefully for a ban on Islamic face veils, or burqas, wherever “legally possible,” and vowed never to allow a repeat of the surge of refugees that has split their party and the nation.
“A situation like that of the summer of 2015 cannot and should not be repeated,” the Christian Democratic Union leader reassured their members gathered in the city of Essen, as the party prepared for what could be a difficult general election battle next year. “This was and remains our declared political goal.”
The shift — in rhetoric and policy — represented a remarkable and out-of-character about-face for the three-term chancellor, a departure from their trademark technocratic, low-key, no-nonsense style that reflects the shifting political winds in Europe, analysts said.
“Right-wing populist parties are getting more and more support among the people,” said Gero Neugebauer, a politics professor at Free University of Berlin. “So far, they are afraid of a backlash in Germany, too. That would mean the Christian Democratic Union would lose power in the next election.”
Ms. Merkel will run for their fourth term as chancellor next fall, but their once-enduring popularity has waned since they decided to accept 1 million refugees into their country. In September, their approval ratings hit a five-year low of 45 percent.
A series of shock election results this year have given the far-right party, the Alternative for Germany, or AfD, seats in 10 out of 16 state assemblies, including in the chancellor's home state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern and even in ultraliberal Berlin.
With the AfD at 13 percent in nationwide polls and the populist right gaining ground across Europe, the German chancellor has come under increasing pressure from their own ruling coalition, which includes the more socially conservative Bavaria-based Christian Social Union, to tilt rightward, said analysts.
Them recent opposition to the burqa, seen as a symbol of conservative Islamic practices and a denigration of women, and the European Union's refugee deal with Turkey signal their move to appeal to wary German voters. An estimated 58 percent put the handling of refugees and integration at the top of the country's political agenda.
Burqa critics say the all-covering dress harms the cause of integration of Muslims into German society, but legal scholars say a total ban would violate the German Constitution. Ms. Merkel stunned their party when they announced their position in favor of a ban and that they would also oppose any effort to substitute Islam-based Shariah law for German law.
“The full veil is not appropriate here; it should be forbidden wherever that is legally possible,” Ms. Merkel told party delegates, who proceeded to approve their position as party leader heading into the vote next fall. “It does not belong to us.”
The remarks met with thunderous applause from CDU party activists.
“The Christian Democrats have to find a way to minimize these problems or the importance of these problems for the election,” Mr. Neugebauer said.
‘Strangers' in their country
Germans' resentment of Muslims has increased in direct proportion to the influx of refugees that reached a high tide in 2015.
Half of Germans surveyed said Muslims made them feel “like strangers in their own country,” a University of Leipzig poll found this summer, up from about 32 percent in 2009. Some 41 percent in the poll said the government should block Muslim immigration.
A series of violent attacks that garnered headlines across the country have fueled the fear. The turning point for many was over New Year's Eve, when groups of men believed to be Muslim immigrants sexually assaulted hundreds of women at Cologne's main train station.
Germany had not experienced the kind of jihadi violence that resulted in spectacular attacks in countries such as Britain, Spain and France, but that changed this year as well. During the summer, a suicide bomber struck outside a wine bar in southern Germany, injuring 12 people. A series of other violent attacks involving refugees with weapons and knives sparked growing public anger about unruly refugees and the inability of German social service organizations to handle the crush.
For some, including the AfD, the events served to confirm that Islam posed a threat to German political ideals and the rule of law.
“Islam as a religion claims in most of its interpretations political power, and it's the view of many that Islamic laws trump national political laws,” said Beatrix von Storch, an AfD member of the European Parliament. “Muslims can indeed be integrated into German society, but they need to give up this sense of political power.”
Reflecting the mood in the country was also the uproar this week over the appointment of a Muslim woman to a top-level job in Berlin's city government.
Mayor Michael Mueller, a Social Democrat, hired Sawsan Chebli, 38, even after it was learned that they made positive remarks about Islam-based Shariah law.
Sensational newspaper headlines decried Ms. Chebli for allegedly wanting to impose Shariah in Europe and saying the religious-based legal code was compatible with German laws. Lawmakers in Ms. Merkel's party called for them ouster.
Ms. Chebli's defenders say their views were badly misrepresented in the midst of the rising populist hysteria over Muslims. In an August interview with the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, they said Shariah “regulates the relationship between God and people” and governs only religious behavior such as praying, fasting and alms.
Ms. Chebli's parents were Palestinians who sought asylum in Germany in 1970. In the interview, they said doesn't wear a headscarf but does abstain from alcohol and considers their family pious.
“As a democrat, that poses absolutely no problem for me in daily life. Rather, it is absolutely compatible, as is the case for Christians and Jews and others,” they said in the newspaper interview. They added that they and most other Muslims respected Germany's freedom of religion.
Erika Asgeirsson, a fellow at the Washington-based activist group Human Rights First, wrote on the group's blog that Ms. Merkel's burqa comments “demonstrate how the toxic rhetoric of far-right parties is pulling more mainstream parties to the extremes.”
“Although Merkel has previously expressed their disapproval of burqas and seemed to support a partial ban … them spotlighting this issue is clearly a response to political trends,” Ms. Asgeirsson said.
Meanwhile, refugees to Germany said they understood the suspicion of Muslims but hoped the anti-immigrant sentiment would subside.
“We can't forget that more than 1 million [refugees] came to Germany,” said Tamem al Sakka, a refugee from Syria. “It is not easy for Germans because not all of these million [people] are good. Some of them are good, some very bad. It's like anywhere.”
Mr. al Sakka arrived two years ago with their family from Homs in western Syria. They have learned the German language, and their children attend school in Berlin. Their 10-year-old daughter, they said, is their German teacher. They opened a shop selling Syrian sweet treats six months ago with their brother in Neukolln, a heavy immigrant borough in the German capital.
In Neukolln, restaurants selling Middle Eastern-style kebabs stand side by side with those selling German dishes such as bratwurst and sauerkraut. For Mr. al Sakka, it's important that they work, pays their bills and gives something back to the country that has granted them sanctuary.
They have one message for their German neighbors: “Don't be afraid of Islam.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Cecil replies:
You ever see a cat who could pick out a tie? Believe me, cats'll wear things you wouldn't put on a dog. Scientists, however, are not content with anecdotal evidence. They often test animal color sensitivity by trying to link color with food. One such experiment was conducted in 1915 by two scientists at the University of Colorado, J.C. DeVoss and Rose Ganson. They put fish in two jelly jars and then lined both with paper, one gray and one colored. If a cat picked the colored jar, it got to eat the fish. Nine cats, 18 months, and 100,000 tries later, the researchers established that cats picked the right jar only half the time–the level of pure chance. On the other hand, cats could readily distinguish between different shades of gray. Ergo, cats are color-blind.
Doubts about this conclusion arose some years later, however. Cats have cones as well as rod-type vision receptors in their retinas, and cones have long been associated with color vision in humans. Neurologists who wired up feline brains with electrodes discovered that, on laboratory instruments at least, cats responded to light of different wavelengths–which is to say, color. So researchers went back for another round of fish experiments. Finally, in the 1960s, they managed to teach the cats to discriminate between colors. But it took some doing–one group found it took their cats between 1,350 and 1,750 tries before they got the hang of it.
From this one might deduce one of two things: either cats are exceptionally dense, a proposition Cecil has no trouble buying, or else they just don't give a hoot about color. Most cat scholars have opted for choice #2, saying that the ability to distinguish colors is obviously of no importance to cats and hence not something they learn readily.
Less work has been done on dogs than on cats, but what there is suggests canine color sensitivity isn't very good either. Much the same can be said for mammals in general, with the exception of primates. In contrast, some of your supposedly lower order creatures, such as fish, turtles, and especially birds, can distinguish color with ease. The fact that these primitive beasts should have more advanced visual abilities than their mammalian betters has always struck observers as a little odd; clearly the evolutionary progress of color vision has been more erratic than one might expect.
LATE NEWS!
To the Teeming Millions:
OK, so we know cats can see in color. Now comes new research indicating that dogs can see in color, too.
Three scientists at the University of California at Santa Barbara adopted the traditional strategy of trying to tempt the dogs with food. The menu, frankly, could have stood some improvement: would YOU cooperate with people whose idea of a reward was a cheese-and-beef-flavored pellet? Nonetheless, the researchers found three mutts who were sufficiently desperate to play along. They showed the dogs three screens lit up from behind with colored lights–two of one color, the third of a different color. The mutts got the pellet if they poked the odd-colored screen with their noses.
The dogs had no difficulty distinguishing colors at the opposite ends of the visible spectrum, such as red and blue, and they proved to be demons with blues in general, quickly learning to differentiate blue from violet. But they bombed at other colors, confusing greenish-yellow, orange, and red.
The researchers concluded that dogs suffer from a type of colorblindness that in humans is called deuteranopia. Normal humans have three types of color receptors for red, green, and blue. Deuteranopes lack the green receptor, and thus (apparently) can't tell a lemon from a lime–or, for that matter, a red traffic light from a green one. One more reason to put your foot down next time the pooch says they want to drive.
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
FAIRFAX COUNTY, VA — Tis the season for holiday shopping and thieves on the lookout for packages on your doorstep. The Fairfax County Police Department has received about 15 reports of stolen packages from the doorsteps of apartments, townhouses and single family homes across the county, it said this weekend.
As online shoppers plow through their holiday gift lists, UPS, Federal Express and U.S. Postal Service trucks are driving through neighborhoods dropping off goodies. And in a move dubbed "front porch shopping," observant thieves will follow delivery trucks and steal recently delivered packages from porches and stoops.
The gift season looks bright for thieves, with sales in November and December expected to increase 3.6 percent to $655.8 billion overall, according to the National Retail Federation. Online sales should increase between 7 and 10 percent to about $117 billion.
FCPD is offering these safety tips to help ensure you receive all the online gifts and goodies you order this holiday season:
Require a signature upon delivery. If you can't be home, consider sending your item to a friend's home, if they can be available to sign.
Have the item delivered to your workplace, if permitted.
Some vendors now have package pickup locations; you have to go there to get your item, but it is securely stored.
Have the package delivered or held at a carrier location, like a UPS or FedEX facility. Many will hold your package for several days.
Select in-store pickup versus shipping. You may save on shipping fees by picking up the item yourself.
Closely track your deliveries. Know exactly which day and around what time it'll arrive. Many carriers offer text and e-mail notifications.
Can you provide delivery instructions? Having a driver put your package in a more inconspicuous location around your home may reduce the likelihood of it being seen and stolen.
Keep an eye on your neighbor's home. If you're acquainted enough, you could hold the package in your home or notify your neighbor their package has arrived if you have their phone number or e-mail.
Patch Editor Deb Belt contributed to this story.
PHOTO of package courtesy of FCPD
Yuri!!! on Ice has already won a crowd of admirers — including real figure skaters — for its fluid and well-informed depiction of ice skating. The ending credits sequence of Episode 10 show Yūri Katsuki and Christophe Giacometti pole dancing, which has earned a new round of appreciation from real pole dancers on Twitter.
Rinko Nakamura reacted enthusiastically, tweeting that they "smiled at how much more well-done the techniques were than I expected." They believe that the animators used a "foreign men's pair pole dancing video" as reference. Mayako Okino wished that they could do a pair routine with Christophe in place of Yūri. @dokodeneru tweeted that "as a pro, Chris and Yūri can definitely pole dance!! Is there a path for them after they retire... ???? There are former gymnasts too. Figure skaters would have the perfect muscle power and flexibility... I think the joy from pole dancer YoI fans won't end... " The dancer hoped the scene would increase interest in pole dancing, or at least boost its recognition.
The consensus appears to be that the moves portrayed are authentic and doable, although Christophe's are extremely advanced. "You could do Yūri's moves in maybe a month. Some of Chris's moves can't be done even by people who've done this for years," explains @dokodeneru. Both Nakamura and @dokodeneru identified the specific moves shown.
This is the "Superman," which is painful for men to attempt.
This is the "Screw Grip Hand Spring."
This is the "Ballerina" (also known by other names).
This is the "Spatchcock," which is considered extremely difficult to pull off.
Nakamura writes that "keeping this [in place takes] terrific right hand grip and leg muscles."
This is the "Jade Split." @dokodeneru advises dancers not to spill alcohol around while doing this as the pole will get slippery. "Just thinking about it is terrifying!"
This is a combination of the "Frog" and "Layback." Nakamura is unsure if Christophe's left foot would really be able to grip hard enough; @dokodeneru is unsure how the two even got into this position. Now in popular anime!! My little creation the Spatchcock seen here in the end scene of an episode of YURI ON ICE @yurionice_pr @sooj_jyj for seeing this and sending to me! I love it!! #spatchcock #pdspatchcock #felixcane #takeflight #felixcaneacademy #yurionice #anime A photo posted by 2xWorld Pole Champion (@therealfelixcane) on Dec 7, 2016 at 7:38pm PST
The Spatchcock is the special technique of legendary Australian pole dancer Felix Cane, who acknowledged the tribute on their Instagram.
[Via Togetter]
We have an exclusive interview with Laurens ten Dam on this transfer and their future ambitions, which you can read by clicking here. Related Articles Video: Laurens ten Dam on Tour of California and Strava records
Laurens ten Dam hits by vehicle during training
Ten Dam looking for a US team and with offers on the table
Ten Dam linked to Giant-Alpecin
Exclusive interview: Ten Dam to combine US and European programmes
Laurens ten Dam has signed a one-year contract with Giant-Alpecin for 2016. The 34-year-old leaves LottoNL-Jumbo – formerly known as Rabobank – after eight years of service.
The Dutch rider finished ninth in last year's Tour de France and, despite a relatively disappointing season this year, hopes to help Giant-Alpecin challenge in stage races next term. The team have shifted some of their emphasis to stage races with sprinter Marcel Kittel leaving for Etixx QuickStep and the team seeing the emergence of Tom Dumoulin and Warren Barguil in Grand Tours.
"I broke my back two weeks after the Tour de France, which made me step back and look at a few things differently. I wanted to do a good season in Europe and live in the US," said ten Dam in a statement from the team.
"At Team Giant-Alpecin all this came together in a good way, and I will have those opportunities. I am looking forward to working in a challenging new environment and aim to play an important role for Warren Barguil and Tom Dumoulin and share my experience on the highest level."
Ten Dam will combine European and US-based race programmes in 2016. They will be based in California for most of the season and hopes to race the domestic calendar before building up towards the Tour de France in July. Their signing represents a light departure from the team's commitment to youth development, but they bring bags of experience having ridden 12 Grand Tours, with top-10s at the Tour and Vuelta a Espana.
"We were looking for a rider who is strong in the high mountains to support our GC riders and who also fits in with the profile and philosophy of the team, and in Laurens we have found that rider," said Giant-Alpecin coach Rudi Kemna.
"The relatively 'older' ten Dam was recruited for a particular task in the overall team, for which Team Giant-Alpecin had identified their specific experience and skills. We know that they have class and we expect them to play a significant and specific role in the team's race plan on the climbs. Besides their physical ability, we will make use of their tactical knowledge.
"We will offer Laurens optimum guidance to help them and motivate them to keep aiming for further improvement in certain areas, despite their apparent status as a rider who has 'arrived,' so they can continue to get the most out of their career."
Online Reprint
“Yeah, I'll take a San Antonio Sirloin, the 12 ounce, with mushrooms and onions, baked potato with butter … Oh, and shrimp on the steak too, please.”
The dinner went down just as good as it did every time I ordered it. I'm not much on chain restaurants to be honest, but Lonestar does a pretty good job on a cut of meat, and I highly recommend it. Follow it up with a good night's sleep and then cinnamon raisin bread—an entire loaf of cinnamon raisin bread—on the way to the DZ, and you have my recipe for success.
It was really just between Weasel and me, but of course it was a contest that everyone could enjoy. At least that's the way we looked it at. Mr. Paul Wetzel, more affectionately known as Weasel, was the other champion in this competition, and they had their own special recipe to claim the title of “Stinky Ass Mother Fucker” at Skydive Las Vegas. The sad truth of the matter is: A fart contest really isn't much fun for anyone other than the competitors, but neither of us really cared much what anyone else thought.
The contest got under way at just shy of 3K on load number one, and Weasel and I fell into a pretty good rhythm, trading shot for shot and gauging our success by the faces of the poor unfortunate souls onboard. For the most part, it was a dead draw and beginning to look like it was going to be an all-day affair, like a game of cricket that doesn't make much sense and just won't seem to end. Then a twist of fate on load 5 … With rare timing and completely without intention, both Weasel and I let loose with our own personal versions of the atom bomb.
I knew that fact to be true even before the noxious fumes had left our respective jumpsuits simply by the look on Weasel's face, and they knew the same of me. I could feel the heat from my best effort slowly creeping out through my zipper, and like scientists on the Manhattan Project who built Fat Man and Little Boy, I feared that I may actually set the air on fire with this one. We watched together, Weasel and I, as the faces of those onboard turned from amusement to horror and eyes were opened wide with sheer terror. The radius continued to widen and drift towards the Otter door as each group in turn came to the realization that they had become the unwitting victims of a heinous attack.
The only true casualty of the war to end all wars turned out to be a little Japanese man nervously seated next to their instructor at the door of the plane. As Weasel and I traced the line of destruction floating quietly down the Otter, this poor man's face seemed for some reason to grab my attention, and I knew it was going to be bad. It hit them all at once, and with a viciousness I could never have imagined. As the man made eye contact, their tandem instructor had just enough time to pull out the one-gallon Ziplock puke bag stashed in their jumpsuit and hand it to them before all hell broke loose. With a force that would have blown the bottom out of a lesser bag, the poor man filled it up with everything they had in their stomach, and probably some of their small intestines. It was one of the proudest moments in both Weasel's and my careers. It was also the reason that the “No Farting” rule was instated at the old Skydive Las Vegas.
Some DZs have rules against it. Some tolerate it. Some DZs have DZOs who like to blowass in their new pilot's face (Mr. Smith…), some have pilots who freak out when you fart, and others who just open a window. Whatever type of DZ yours is, farts are part of the sport. Always have been, always will be, and like it or not, you can't do a damn thing about it. Wanna know why?
The truth of the matter is that if you breathe, you fart. Farts are produced through chemical reactions in our intestines, air we swallow, gas seeping in from our bloodstream, etc. The smell depends on the amount of sulfur in our systems, and foods like eggs and meats will make ‘em stink more, whereas beans can give you a ton of gas without much of a zing to ‘em. There's simply no way to get around it. But hey, the average librarian doesn't have to put up with telling every bookworm to stop busting ass, so why the hell does it happen almost nonstop in skydiving?
Talk to Dr. Boyle, Ph.D. if you have a real problem with it (high school science people). Ass-flavored air freshener and skydiving will go hand in hand for as long as we jump. Just reference Wiki if you don't believe me:
“Consistent with Boyle's law, controlling for dietary variance, the amount of gas produced is constant in mass, but the volume increases when the difference in pressure diminishes.”
In layperson's terms, the higher you go the more the gas wants out, or should I say the more you're gonna want it out. Something is gonna have to give at some point, and nine times out of ten, it'll be your ass. Really, the only decision to make is whether you're gonna save it until the door is open and you're climbing out, or share it with the rest of the class.
Personally, even with pissed-off co-workers, sick passengers or the no farting rule in place, I usually opt for the pre-door extravaganza. Just knowing that air that was in my ass is now in your nose is ridiculously entertaining to me, and let's face it, I do it for my own personal entertainment. I've even got it in writing from United Airlines that I smell really bad, and I refuse to keep that kind of talent to myself. You on the other hand will need to choose a course of action for yourself.
Just remember though, if you're the type that decides to freak out at someone like me for busting ass in the plane, your time is coming, and if there is such a thing as Karma, it'll be a shart instead of a fart.
Like this article?
Get more just like it every month, delivered straight to your mailbox. Subscribe today!
Hillary Rodham Clinton's younger brother is reportedly the latest high-profile victim of the August hack attack on AshleyMadison.com, being exposed as a paid user on the notorious cheating website.
Tony Rodham, a married father of three who has publicly worked to advance Mrs. Clinton's 2016 bid for the presidency, appeared along with 37 million other Ashley Madison users in a database breach that leaked online, the Daily Mail reported.
Mr. Rodham's wife, Megan Madden Rodham, said they were aware they had signed up with the website, and that they had worked it out already. They said their husband was never an active member of the Ashley Madison community.
“I know everything about Tony and everything they do online. I know all their passwords,” they told the Daily Mail. “I'm fine with it.  They are not the sort of man who would take it any further.
“We have been together for 10 years and everything is great. Tony is a good man,” they added. “We are very happy and I know they have not cheated on me.”
The Daily Mail found that Mr. Rodham's credit card was used to join the website on April 27, 2012. Two payments were made that day, for $168.99 each. Mr. Rodham also reportedly provided their full name, with middle initial “D” for Dean, and the address they share with their family.
In 2001, Mr. Rodham was accused of having sex with another man's girlfriend and attacked at the Rodham summer family cottage on Lake Winola in Wyoming County, Pennsylvania, the Daily Mail reported.
Daniel Coyne was charged with assault, burglary and trespassing after twice breaking into the cottage to attack Mr. Rodham.
Mr. Rodham claimed to have only been lying down on a couch with the woman, the Daily Mail reported.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Michael Bay has time and again demonstrated that there is no story so set in stone that it cannot be blasted out like blaaaaaaaam, then remade to suit a revised, more contemporary interpretation like kaboooooom. And as reported by Stuff We Like, Bay's willingness to reshape Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles bows to no canonical authority—not even that inherent in its title—as Bay recently announced that their upcoming live-action reboot will feature far more realistic, relatable ninja turtles, beginning by getting rid of the ridiculous “mutant” part and turning them into regular, everyday aliens. “When you see this movie, kids are going to believe, one day, that these turtles actually do exist when we are done with this movie,” Bay said, as the rules of sentence structure jackknifed and exploded. “These turtles are from an alien race and they are going to be tough, edgy, funny, and completely lovable.” And while that will likely rile fans of the original Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles and people who can read words, at least we can take comfort that Michael Bay intends to get rid of their always-murky “mutant” origin story, and finally give these teenage ninja turtles some grounding in science. [via Coming Soon]
Advertisement
1929 Cord L-29 Special Coupe Reading time: about 2 minutes. American
Cars
Concept
Design
Luxury
Retro
Vintage
I never really understood the division that exists between the “car men” and the “motorcycle men”, I like cars and bikes and see no point in restricting my tastes dependent on the number of wheels a vehicle has. If it's loud and it goes fast, I want the keys.
This car, the 1929 Cord L-29 Special Coupe, is one of those motorised industrial design masterpieces that allows all people, regardless of their wheel-number-preference, to stand side by side with their mouths open. Before tentatively checking their wallets to see if they, by some miracle, have enough small pieces of green paper to bid on it.
Originally designed in 1929 by the infamous Count Alexis de Sakhnoffsky the car was a one off design for Cord, based in Grand Rapids, Michigan. The Count selected the long-wheelbase chassis of the Cord L-29 for their project, they famously kept almost nothing of the original car, just the front and rear bumpers.
The Cord L-29 chassis was fitted with a 125 bhp, 298.6 cu., straight-8, front-wheel drive layout which remained unaltered. de Sakhnoffsky spent months working on the body work of the concept car, by the time the design was finished the metalworkers only had 9 weeks to complete the car before it was shipped off to Europe on the Leviathan ocean liner to be shown at the 3 top concours shows in Europe, in Paris, Monaco and Britain.
The Count's Cord L-29 Special Coupe went on to win the coveted Medal of Honour at all 3 events and became the first and one of the only American cars in history to do so.
The Count's Cord L-29 Special Coupe went on to win the coveted Medal of Honour at all 3 events and became the first and one of the only American cars in history to do so. On return to the USA the car fell victim, as many did, to The Great Depression and spent time in a few private collections before largely disappearing off the radar into a private museum.
After being rediscovered in 1986 and restored, the Cord L-29 SC has been a popular feature at motor shows around the United States and in 2008 won the highly sought after and hotly contested Best in Class for the Auburn-Cord-Duesenberg class at the Meadow Brook Concours d'Elegance.
If you happen to be a millionaire with taste and fancy yourself behind the wheel, the Count's Cord will be hitting the auction block at the RM Auction at Amelia Island on March the 10th, click here if you'd like to view the official auction page.
All images are high-resolution, click any image to see the full sized version.
Strange as it may seem, the strongest Republican presidential candidate will make fixing the corrupt system of influence in Washington a central commitment of their administration.
The overwhelming favorite for the Democratic nomination, Hillary Clinton, has long dodged claims of influence peddling. Those claims are now surfacing more vigorously, as a book by Peter Schweizer fuels new streams of inquiry into the relationship between the Clinton Foundation's fundraising and the behavior of the State Department.
It's too early to know whether any of these charges have merit. My bias is to believe they do not. But whether or not they ultimately stick, they reinforce a wide range of criticism that, over the course of them and their husband's career, have made it hard to believe that Hillary Clinton is a candidate deeply committed to ending the outsized influence of private power in the public's business.
This isn't Hillary Clinton's fault. It's their fate, as these stories just confirm a view that most Americans already have about most politicians, whether on the Right or Left—that their first focus is on a favored few, even as they work hard to appear focused on the rest.
Clinton's recent promise to focus at least part of their campaign on the “dysfunctional system” of our government is a welcome response. But it may well be too late to pierce our veil of cynicism.
The Clintons have lived the life of American nobility. Privilege—hard fought and at great price—is now part of the brand. In the face of these charges, whether ultimately proven or not, it will be difficult to make believable the idea that responsiveness to privilege first is not the norm.
True, Nixon went to China, and Johnson passed civil rights legislation. But neither ran campaigns on the promise that they would be fundamentally different from how most had come to see them. A campaign is not the time to reinvent yourself—as Jimmy Carter, and George H.W. Bush (41) both discovered.
If Clinton is not the nominee, then the argument for a Republican reformer is even stronger. If they are defeated in the primary, it will be because this skepticism has boiled over in the Democratic Party, as well. The defeat of Clinton would give the victor the air of an unstoppable reformer, just at a time when Americans are increasingly desperate for someone to address “corruption in the federal government.” (That was issue #2 on Gallup's Top 10 for the next president in 2012).
The only way the GOP could check that momentum would be to field a reformer of its own. Otherwise, the party risks a rout if the nominee succeeds convincing voters that a Democratic administration would be the Waterloo for K Street lobbyists.
So how could a Republican take up this issue? Isn't the Republican Party the party of big money?
Liberals like to paint Republicans as married to money. And indeed, the party has done much to complete that sketch. Certainly the Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell is a strong proponent of lifting all limits to campaign contributions while removing whatever remaining regulations there are on the way campaigns are funded. And the Dave Brat wing of the Republican Party has already effectively charged its leadership with living more on Wall Street than on Main Street, claiming Eric Cantor's scalp in the process.
But within the Grand Old Party grassroots, there is a strong sense that crony capitalism is a real problem that is only compounded by our current system of campaign finance. Moreover, there is a sense that these cronies are not necessarily conservatives.
In New Hampshire, candidate Lindsey Graham recently said “We're going to lose a democracy if we don't have some control over the money. The most influential people in the country are gonna be the ones with the most money.”
The New Hampshire Rebellion—a New Hampshire based grassroots group organizing to press candidates on the issue of corruption—is collecting a long list of similar views by most of Graham's potential competitors.
These candidates are responding to a well-developed sense that something has gone off the rails in the way we fund campaigns in America. And it has led a former United States Senate candidate in the New Hampshire Republican primary, Jim Rubens, to propose an interesting hybrid between reform and deregulation, which might well prove to be the model for a reformer on the right.
In Rubens' plan, the first fifty dollars of everyone's taxes would be rebated to voters to pay for vouchers that could be used to fund political campaigns. But the plan also includes a provision to remove all limits on campaign contributions, so candidates for Congress could choose whether to fund their campaigns with small contributions or large.
This change would kill the SuperPAC (who wants to give to a .org when you can give to a candidate directly), but public funding (which is what these vouchers are) would empower candidates who wish to run free of big money.
Candidates could thus choose whether to fund with the few or the many. And the public in turn would choose whether to elect candidates who fund with the few or they many.
Rubens' idea gives a reform Republican a chance to stand strong on the side of deregulation, while, at the same time, offering voters a glimpse of a system not dominated by large contributors. Of course, it's not clear whether candidates would opt into small or large contributions, but Rubens' proposal would at least give them the choice.
And in a presidential race in which voters (especially in New Hampshire) are increasingly disgusted by the overwhelming role that money is playing in politics, this innovative hybrid could be a way for Republicans to reignite the spirit of Teddy Roosevelt, just at a time when America has finally had it with the modern version of Boss Tweed.
As a Democrat, I take comfort in recognizing just how unlikely it is that the Republicans will see the return—to them and to the Republic—that would come from their rediscovering their own reform roots.
To hear some of them speak, it's as if they don't even recognize that the savior of the Republican Right—Ronald Reagan—would never have left California but for the public funding of elections. No elected official in American political history benefited more from public funding than Reagan, who ran three national campaigns on the public's dime.
And thus too did the Reagan wing of the Republican Party also benefit from public funding.
All of that is of course forgotten now, with the leadership of the Republican Party seemingly committed to the idea of the Sheldon Adelson Primary. But that doesn't change the basic facts: that never has the Right had a stronger reason to raise the reformer flag.
DAVOS, Switzerland – As some of the world's most influential people wrestled with the implications of President Donald Trump at the World Economic Forum this past week, a new face in US politics grabbed their attention.
Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper served as a representative of the Democratic Party's future here, just Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper served as a representative of the Democratic Party's future here, just as outgoing Vice President Joe Biden and Secretary of State John Kerry represented the past.
If this gathering is any indication, Hickenlooper may be on the verge of building buzz as a 2020 hopeful. Several attendees pointed to them as someone who could rescue the party after its disastrous 2016 losses.
One former Obama administration official suggested they could be a Democratic version of Trump – both because of their quirky, off-the-cuff nature (as seen in a campaign ad One former Obama administration official suggested they could be a Democratic version of Trump – both because of their quirky, off-the-cuff nature (as seen in a campaign ad during which they take a shower ) and a laser focus on middle-class jobs and economic growth.
Hickenlooper has experience in both the private and the public sectors. They and served as a popular mayor of Denver, Colorado's largest city. As governor, they have overseen the state's challenge of federal law on the legalization of marijuana for recreational use (an initiative they were at first against but on which they have since changed their views) and spearheaded a push for significant gun reforms after the deadly 2012 mass shooting at a movie theater in Aurora. Hickenlooper has experience in both the private and the public sectors. They opened Colorado's first brewpub and served as a popular mayor of Denver, Colorado's largest city. As governor, they have overseen the state's challenge of federal law on the legalization of marijuana for recreational use (an initiative they were at first against but on which they have since changed their views) and spearheaded a push for significant gun reforms after the deadly 2012 mass shooting at a movie theater in Aurora.
Business Insider spoke with Hickenlooper at Davos. This interview has been edited for clarity and length.
Brett LoGiurato: What's the mood here at Davos this year, given the inauguration of Donald Trump?
John Hickenlooper: It's definitely a different energy. It's a little more somber.
LoGiurato : As a prominent Democratic governor, what are you looking for from the president? Do you see areas where you can work with him? Where are areas where you want your state legislature to try to insulate yourself from things they might try to do?
Foto: President-elect Donald Trump stands with Vice President-elect Mike Pence at a news conference. source Spencer Platt/Getty Images
Hickenlooper: Well, I may not have voted for the president, but I'm an American first. My entire administration is going to do everything we can to make them as successful as we can. We're going to try to be active, strong partners with the federal government. That being said, we went through a great deal of work to expand Medicaid to a large number of people in Colorado. We cut our percentage of people who had no insurance – we Well, I may not have voted for the president, but I'm an American first. My entire administration is going to do everything we can to make them as successful as we can. We're going to try to be active, strong partners with the federal government. That being said, we went through a great deal of work to expand Medicaid to a large number of people in Colorado. We cut our percentage of people who had no insurance – we cut it in half . We're going to work really hard to protect that as much as we can, make sure that we have the support from the federal government to continue making sure people have basic rights, basic elemental healthcare.
Also, I look at some of the things that the president will do around cutting red tape, reducing bureaucracy, helping entrepreneurs, helping businesses grow more rapidly, more access to capital – I'm all for it. That's all stuff that I've been trying to do in Colorado.
LoGiurato One area in particular that seems One area in particular that seems ripe for a clash is on marijuana legalization. Have you spoken with Trump's pick for attorney general, Sen. Jeff Sessions? Do you have a read on how he'll approach the issue, both with your state and moving forward more broadly?
Hickenlooper: I have not talked to Sen. Sessions. I know that our two US senators, Michael Bennet and Cory Gardner – we have a Republican [Gardner] and a Democrat – are both very focused on this. We look at it as one of the ways in which states are laboratories of democracy.
People don't realize that almost two-thirds of the population in the United States lives in a state where either medical or recreational marijuana are now legal. Two-thirds of the country. We're looking at it as kind of 10th Amendment, states'-rights issue. Although marijuana might be the wrong example for that. Medicaid is a better example. It's one of the rare times where Democratic governors are saying, “Hey, states' rights.” We don't want the federal government coming in and telling us how to do our environmental remediation or how we're going to do our healthcare.
Foto: Sen. Jeff Sessions, nominee for attorney general. source Kevin Lamarque/Reuters
LoGiurato : Do you think marijuana will at least be decriminalized on a federal level?
Hickenlooper: Well, we'll see. We've made a tremendous amount of progress in terms of creating a regulatory system from scratch [in Colorado]. If I had a magic wand when it first passed three years ago, Well, we'll see. We've made a tremendous amount of progress in terms of creating a regulatory system from scratch [in Colorado]. If I had a magic wand when it first passed three years ago, I would've reversed it . You don't want to be in conflict with federal law.
That being said, we've now gone three years, and our voters passed it by 55-45. We've made a lot of headway. And if I had that magic wand now, I'd wait a year or two. If we do this well enough, we should see a dramatic reduction in the number of drug dealers out there. You take away a big chunk of the product flow, you're going to need fewer salespersons. And there's been no spike in usage. There's been no spike in That being said, we've now gone three years, and our voters passed it by 55-45. We've made a lot of headway. And if I had that magic wand now, I'd wait a year or two. If we do this well enough, we should see a dramatic reduction in the number of drug dealers out there. You take away a big chunk of the product flow, you're going to need fewer salespersons. And there's been no spike in usage. There's been no spike in young people, of teenagers, using it
We now have – again, in a $27 billion budget, $125 million of tax revenue isn't that significant, but it is money that we can use for people with drug addictions and for rehabilitating people that slipped off the tracks. Those are programs that are hard to find money for outside of the marijuana-tax revenue.
LoGiurato: Marijuana prices are tumbling amid a growing legal supply. Do you have plans to address that on a taxation level?
Foto: Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper.sourceAP
Hickenlooper: We'd like to get the tax level to the point – we want the price to go down, because that's how you get rid of the black market. And we still have – some of the laws in the state of Colorado, at least, people had the ability to grow up to 99 plants as caregivers. It's crazy. How do you tell the gray market from the black market? So we're tightening up a lot of those rules to make sure we can control and regulate the whole system much more tightly.
LoGiurato: I want to talk about the future of the Democratic Party. I keep hearing your name come up as a savior in 2020. What's your read on what went wrong in 2016 and the early steps the party has taken to rectify its losses? And are you supporting anyone to be I want to talk about the future of the Democratic Party. I keep hearing your name come up as a savior in 2020. What's your read on what went wrong in 2016 and the early steps the party has taken to rectify its losses? And are you supporting anyone to be chair of the Democratic National Committee
Hickenlooper: [Laughs at 2020 mention.] We had a very strong relationship with the Department of Labor, so [Tom Perez] was a pretty easy choice for me [to be DNC chair]. We're doing an apprenticeship program that I think is one of the most exciting things we've ever worked on. I just came from a meeting with Microsoft and LinkedIn – Allen Blue and Brad Smith – and they're both going to help finance this. We're also using LinkedIn to partner with. How do you get people who've lost their professions into new professions? It's its own story someday!
But I think the political reality for the Democratic Party is, you know, there are two sides. There's one side saying that we weren't liberal enough and another side saying we're too liberal. I think they're both right.
The Democratic Party is always going to be the party of civil rights and fairness – everybody gets an equal, fair shot at the American dream. And we're going to be the party that really fights to protect planet Earth – enjoy whatever time we're going to get!
But at the same time, there's nothing wrong with the Democratic Party that talks more about – and more loudly about – jobs, and cutting red tape, and bureaucracy, making it easier for entrepreneurs to start jobs, making it easier for businesses to grow and create more jobs. That has historically been the wheelhouse of the Democratic Party. Even as we continue to carry the banner of civil rights and environmental justice, we've also got to focus on many, many people – for them, life starts with a good job.
Foto: Tom Perez at an annual Congressional Hispanic Caucus dinner in 2014. source REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst
LoGiurato : I assume you want to continue to be a loud voice in the future of the Democratic Party. Do you have any plans as we head into the 2018 and 2020 cycles?
Hickenlooper: Nope. I'm not starting a PAC. I'm not going out there and putting together a phantom campaign. In two years, I think the workforce stuff we're working on in Colorado really has the potential to be a national model, so I want to put a lot of energy into that.
We're trying to make – have for the last four or five years – trying to make Colorado the healthiest state. So we're rolling out a lot – we'll have an interactive map of every single hiking trail in the state of Colorado. Everything there is. You'll be able to go out and, while you're hiking, you can meet up with other people on the trail, you can see other people's photographs. You can come back 20 years later and click on the map and see all the pictures you took. It's a pretty exciting thing that hopefully will get people out walking. We're trying to put together kind of a governor's fitness council to get every single kid walking at least once a day.
Foto: Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper rappels down a downtown high-rise building as part of the Over The Edge fundraiser, which benefits the Cancer League of Colorado.sourceAP
LoGiurato: On that note, you've been the mayor of a large city. A lot of the issues you talk about, and that the Democratic Party cares about, start at the local level. The party has On that note, you've been the mayor of a large city. A lot of the issues you talk about, and that the Democratic Party cares about, start at the local level. The party has suffered massive losses, however, on state and local levels recently. Do you think that is important start for the party's future leaders?
Hickenlooper: Almost all government starts at a very local level at some point. And so I look at that experience as some of the hardest but some of the most exciting stuff I've done in public life. I think it's valuable. Now, does that mean everybody has to be a mayor? I don't know.
You talk to Cory Booker – I'll bet you anything that he'll go back and say that when they were mayor of Newark, [he had] some of the most challenging times, but also some of the most rewarding times. Mayors of big cities – we cherish it, but it's a steep hill. We love it.
The German's championship hopes ended at the United States Grand Prix, in a race where they were left unhappy that Hamilton had forced them wide at Turn 1.
Mercedes motorsport boss Toto Wolff thinks that there has been a new approach from the German in recent races, one that could have been inspired by what happened at the Circuit of the Americas.
"Maybe. It is a personal guess," explained Wolff. "Maybe a different proactive dynamic approach. But I don't know…"
They added: "I think both drivers know what we expect of them and the responsibility they have towards the team. It is about positioning yourself in the right now. That is not only on-track, it is off-track also in having the right attitude.
"But I would say fundamentally, if you look at Austin, or look at Mexico, or look at Brazil, it was [Rosberg's] sheer pace that decided the race. And at the end it all comes down to the stop watch. If you are the quicker guy out there, you qualify on pole and you win the race."
No compromise
Wolff suggests that Rosberg has learned better not to let themselves become a hostage to Hamilton at the start by being on the outside at first corners.
"I have said that they were driving in anger," they said. "I am not sure I am right, it is just what I think. But I could be wrong.
"Nico is still developing as a racing driver and all those Turn 1 incidents had a pretty similar pattern, of where you position yourself with the car and you can see that.
"If you are the outside car, you just need to give up, you see that in many races."
Rosberg's class on clear display
Despite suggesting that Rosberg had changed their approach, Wolff said there was no firm explanation of why Hamilton has not been able to respond.
"I think racing drivers are a different kind of species. I have no explanation for you.
"You could say that Lewis won it all, they have achieved their target. The adrenaline is maybe not as high as it was before, and Nico is driving without pressure. But I am not sure they know.
"Both of them will spend time over the winter reflecting what happened at the end. One important thing is, you can see [Rosberg's] class now.
"And we have always tried to say that Nico's class and performance is important to make Lewis perform as they did, and to make the car faster and the team to progress.
"Mexico and Brazil were good examples of that class."
Ultimately, Eve is a game that thrives on the desire of each player to log in and interact with the world. The game is only as powerful and valuable to you as your engagement with it.
moving a carrier full of ships by myself. The savvy among you recognized it as a relocation of assets. That's not so surprising, right? Null-sec alliances are relocating all the time, and Goonswarm recently redeployed. Maybe I missed it and had to move on my own?
But, no. Taken with some of my comments recently about the state of null-sec, it's not as simple as all that. Increasingly, I'm finding being part of a null-sec alliance uninteresting, and after three months of building status-tension, I've decided I have to act. The choice was between leaving a corporation I love to find the content I want, or leaving the game entirely. And I just can't do the latter. If you read my last post, you may be wondering why I wasfull of ships by myself. The savvy among you recognized it as a relocation of assets. That's not so surprising, right? Null-sec alliances are relocating all the time, and Goonswarm recently redeployed. Maybe I missed it and had to move on my own?But, no. Taken with some of my comments recently about the state of null-sec, it's not as simple as all that. Increasingly, I'm finding being part of a null-sec alliance uninteresting, and after three months of building status-tension, I've decided I have to act. The choice was between leaving a corporation I love to find the content I want, or leaving the game entirely. And I just can't do the latter.
So, my time in Repercussus has come to an end, as a direct result of the changes happening in null-sec. I'm doubling down on some lowsec "Adversity.".
Two years ago, I joined Repercussus after having spent more than a year and a half flying with them while in other Razor corps. I knew I'd get along well with them based on an outsider's view. Let me tell you, the experience was even better than I had thought. Repercussus was a robust community that felt like a corp/alliance of its own. It had more cohesion and vibrancy than any alliance could hope for, and offered the opportunity for far more content than any corporation would hope to provide. RP was a great community of people who really understood how to create a culture, not just a group of players. And that culture remained strong as long as everyone stayed together in the same staging system.
I really can't say enough positive things about the people in RP, or the culture we enjoyed during that time. But time marches on, and things change. The corp made the decision to abandon the lowsec activity that the members enjoyed so intensely in favor of supporting null objectives of GSF. Key people had RL concerns that pulled them away. And FozzieSov came.
The realities of the new sov system made null PvP unappealing for many, and rather than base exclusively out of a single staging system, some players joined the Reavers and Space Violence (interest-based SIGs within the Imperium composed of members of multiple alliances that deploy independently), some doubled down on ratting (now that you could earn participation credit for doing it), and some continued to do the lowsec thing. A great many simply stopped logging in; counter-entosis fleets weren't appealing, and with everyone split up, the regular roams stopped happening. The effect of all of this was a diaspora; we were still in the same corp, but we weren't all in the same staging system or having the same experience together.
I've spoken before – both here and in comments on reddit and other blogs – that I predicted you'd see a talent sink from null to lowsec. I wasn't speaking in the theoretical. I watched good players, both in my corporation and throughout the Imperium, decide that the content offered by sov null alliances was unappealing and move elsewhere. FozzieSov is not compelling content for small gang enthusiasts, hardcore PvPers (I mean real PvPers, not people who fight a fleet and either blap the enemy or are blapped in return), and players who would rather win by out-playing the enemy than by bringing greater numbers. The mechanics just don't support it.
The Black Legion collapse was a particularly devastating blow to the health of null-sec and the diversity of the game as a whole, but Mactep's departure from Solar Fleet probably exemplifies the null-sec problem most clearly. A man who had helped Solar Fleet weather defeat after defeat and rise from the ashes time and again decided null-sec wasn't compelling. You all need to pay attention to that. Good corporations based in null have dissolved or broken up. This is not a fluke.
And I've seen the same thing happen with players in Repercussus deciding to play other games. That's incredibly depressing. The members of Repercussus represent exactly the best sort of player for this game. This isn't a theoretical problem, this is our brightest lights making a determination that the cost/value of Eve isn't worth it anymore. We're not talking about groups being unable to adapt here. We're talking about individual players deciding that what null-sec offers just isn't worth their time. This is a proactive decision to follow their best course.
The Provi war ? It meant nothing, accomplished nothing, and taught lessons that are of no value to an organization that has no need for or ability to manage the spoils of conquest.
Jabber pings for small gang roams and actual objectives were replaced by high-sec ganking and counter-entosis response fleets, two of the least appealing fleets for me. Goonswarm is constructed to bring more pilots and sap enjoyment from it's enemies. It's built to win wars of conquest. But there is nothing to conquer and hold anymore, and no need for it. The Imperium a solution to a problem that it no longer faces. The Imperium is obsolete in terms of providing meaningful and engaging content. FozzieSov changed it's role to a massive fortress around Guristas space to generate and secure sources of revenue. Ultimately, farming Guristas is about making isk. It's a means to an end. And, increasingly, a certain group of player that used to thrive in the Imperium is finding that other options offer a better value proposition. But, far worse than entosis tactics being boring, FozzieSov sets an effective limit on the amount of space a group can manage. The Imperium, the largest, most organized organization that set the pace and heavily influences the complexion of null-sec, was already way over that limit. What, then, was the incentive to go to war? What glorious conquests would Imperium players look forward to?? It meant nothing, accomplished nothing, and taught lessons that are of no value to an organization that has no need for or ability to manage the spoils of conquest.Jabber pings for small gang roams and actual objectives were replaced by high-sec ganking and counter-entosis response fleets, two of the least appealing fleets for me. Goonswarm is constructed to bring more pilots and sap enjoyment from it's enemies. It's built to win wars of conquest. But there is nothing to conquer and hold anymore, and no need for it. The Imperium a solution to a problem that it no longer faces. The Imperium is obsolete in terms of providing meaningful and engaging content. FozzieSov changed it's role to a massive fortress around Guristas space to generate and secure sources of revenue. Ultimately, farming Guristas is about making isk. It's a means to an end. And, increasingly, a certain group of player that used to thrive in the Imperium is finding that other options offer a better value proposition.
structure fights in null-sec anymore; it's no longer in its DNA post-FozzieSov. A coalition like the Imperium is increasingly irrelevant. Fatigue restricted its activities to an area of space; while that area can shift as it deploys, it can't exert its will over every area of space at once anymore. FozzieSov stripped it of its raison d'etre: conquest. In the place of meaningful content generation is a diet of ganks, executions, and space wand defense. There's a reason other groups shrugged their shoulders and focused their attention elsewhere. This isn't an anti-Imperium piece. The Imperium is great for making isk and taking care of its members. As a member, you get rich. It is, in may ways, a true corporation, about business and revenue. But you aren't going to findin null-sec anymore; it's no longer in its DNA post-FozzieSov. A coalition like the Imperium is increasingly irrelevant. Fatigue restricted its activities to an area of space; while that area can shift as it deploys, it can't exert its will over every area of space at once anymore. FozzieSov stripped it of its: conquest. In the place of meaningful content generation is a diet of ganks, executions, and space wand defense. There's a reason other groups shrugged their shoulders and focused their attention elsewhere.
For the past four months, I wasn't having nearly as much fun as I felt I should have. I have eyes, and could see that low-sec is booming with content. What we're seeing is a fundamental shift in which the nature of null is changing to favor farmers and craftsmen, while all of the vikings, raiders, and barbarian pirates are moving to lowsec, which puts quality PvP on overdrive. The world shifted out from under me, and null-sec wasn't anymore what I wanted out of my game.
I spoke before about how a period of tension always precedes a dramatic change. We only change what we're doing when we recognize a need and feel that the discomfort of staying the same outweighs the effort and risk involved in changing our habits. As that ratio slowly rises, we recognize that we're not as satisfied as we were, and that manifests as tension and frustration. Like a rubber band being pulled too far, the snap is only the very end of the event, not the beginning.
We're living in a time of rising tension in the hearts of many null-sec players. Low participation rates, reduced login time, and lower activity are just the symptoms. More players are engaging in other content with alts, or using this time to boost their income with furious ratting and isk generation.
But unless something changes, that activity has a finite duation. Even a week away from regular activity can degrade your PvP habits, and we've just passed two months since FozzieSov. How long can players endure an increasingly unsatisfying null-sec environment before they feel compelled to make a change? For me, it was about four months (null "paused" long before FozzieSov launched).
Ultimately, the tension arose from a difference between the experience with the environment I was in and my own desires. That's a personal problem. Eve players say, "Deal with it," "HTFU," or "smart players adapt, not complain." So that's what I'm doing. I'm adapting by leaving null-sec for the foreseeable future.
It's not a comment about Repercussus, the Imperium, or how either is run. This is a comment on the fundamental shift that is changing what skills and desires null-sec is suited to satisfy. In the same way that buffing one income source pushes players out of competing activities, there's no reward for "second best source of X content." Players will grativate to what suits them most. And right now, null-sec doesn't suit PvPers of my persuasion. So we leave.
Citadels may change things, but I doubt it. Fundamentally, FozzieSov established limits on how far a group can expand before reaching a stasis point (where effort to maintain their space balances ability to provide meaningful content) and robbed null-sec of it's impetus. And just as, historically, marauders rarely kept their military edge after founding settlements, so to is null-sec ownership shaping up to be a civilizing (read: softening) force on PvPers.
For my part, I'm not interested in sov null right now, at least as a defender. I want to search for those enjoyable fights, fight outnumbered, and use the sp Talvorian has, similar to how we did when RP was based in lowsec. As I considered the kind of content I enjoyed and looked at the time zone activity of corporations who engaged in it, one strong option came to the top.
Adversity. is a slightly smaller corporation with a good pedigree and the kind of activity that really appeals to me. Their doctrines are expensive, but perform admirably. I haven't even moved all my assets out yet (Archon 2.0 on the way...), but I've already gone on a few fleets with them. I've gotten to fly my dreads and T3 cruisers. So far, everyone I've spoken to has been friendly, welcoming, and very capable. I'm always impressed and energized by how friendly dirty pirates and criminals are to members of their community. We have, I believe, one blue. It's the wild west, baby, and I should have plenty of opportunity to shoot all the things.
And while null may have had the wind knocked out of its lungs, lowsec is getting more crowded by the day.
Sounds like a good time.
When Kojima Productions hit us with the red band trailer for Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain, we were taken aback with not just the level of blood and violence, but the sheer “WTF”-ness of the events happening.
It has since been revealed that the child in the trailer, having a package removed from their intestines was Paz from Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker. In a new episode of the Japanese Kojima Productions Podcast, Kojima confirmed the same.
Chico, from the Ground Zeroes trailer, was also confirmed. They also talked about a character named Strangelove, also from Peace Walker, and how the children with their diamonds in their hands at the end of the red band trailer have a role in one of the missions.
Also, that mech that Snake is seen piloting at the end of the trailer? It will be playable in-game, though as of now, there's no information on just how it will come into play. Metal Gear Solid V: The Phantom Pain is so far confirmed for PS3, Xbox 360, Xbox One and PS4.
412 SHARES Facebook Twitter
Yes, illegal immigrants are responsible for lots of crime in this country. In recent years, nearly 1000 illegal immigrants have been convicted of committing sex crimes against children in the state of Texas alone. And as you will read about below, illegal immigrants have a murder rate that is 3 to 10 times higher than the general population. So anyone that suggests that illegal immigrants don't commit more crime than the rest of us is simply lying to you. Unfortunately, even though we could prevent thousands upon thousands of violent crimes by securing our borders, the Obama administration refuses to do so and it has become very politically incorrect to even talk about this. Every single day, American citizens are being murdered and raped by people that should not be in this country and yet nobody is supposed to address this issue. No wonder our nation is in the process of self-destructing. The following are 10 horribly violent crimes that were committed by illegal immigrants…
#1 An illegal immigrant that had been deported five times recently gunned down a young woman that was taking a walk with their father on a pier in San Francisco…
Kate Steinle was walking on a busy pier in San Francisco with their father when there was a single popping sound in the air. They fell to the ground, struck by a bullet, the victim of what police say appears to be a random killing. The man accused of firing the deadly shot — 45-year-old Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez — is an undocumented immigrant, a repeat felon who has been deported five times to Mexico, according to immigration officials.
#2 An illegal immigrant has just been arrested for abducting a 13-year-old Florida girl and repeatedly raping her…
On Thursday, Michigan police arrested a Mexican illegal alien, 23-year-old Aurelio Hernandez-Gomez, after finding them with a 13-year-old Florida girl who had last been seen two days before their ordeal. Cops acted on a tip that led them to a Hartford home where Hernandez-Gomez hid the girl while assaulting them
#3 Earlier this year, an illegal immigrant in Alabama was arrested and charged with sodomizing a 10-year-old girl…
An illegal immigrant was arrested Monday in Alabama after sexually assaulting a young girl. According to reports, Ramiro Ajualip, a 27-year-old who entered the country illegally, was accused earlier this week of raping a 10-year-old girl on Feb. 27 while they were living with the child's family. Ajualip was charged with first-degree rape and first-degree sodomy, which are both Class A felonies in Alabama and carry with them sentences ranging from 10 years to life in prison with parole a possibility if convicted, according to a local report.
#4 While taking refuge in the “sanctuary city” of Philadelphia, one illegal alien decided that it would be a good idea to attack and rape a 26-year-old doctor as they walked home from work…
Living and working in sanctuary, Mr. Garcia last month, according to police, approached a 26-year-old Philadelphia doctor who was walking to their home in the city's fashionable Rittenhouse Square neighborhood after a night out with friends.  They are accused of forcing the woman into their apartment and raping them repeatedly. Police said Mr. Garcia then stole the victim's cellphone and rode away on their bicycle. In perhaps not the smartest of moves, Mr. Garcia kept the victim's smartphone in their possession. Police said they found him, in part, by calling the phone and locating its signal.
#5 In Arizona, an illegal immigrant that had been deported six times has just been charged with a hit-and-run. It turns out that the vehicle that they hit contained a young mother and their two very young children…
A six-time-deported illegal immigrant is charged in the felony hit-and-run of an Arizona mother and their two young children. The man allegedly admitted to being high on marijuana while causing the severe lacerations to a five-year-old boy. The five-year-old and a two-year-old were both taken to an area hospital.
#6 In Porterville, California a drunk illegal immigrant plowed through a fence and killed a 3-year-old girl that was standing in line for ice cream…
An illegal immigrant driving drunk and without a license crashed through a fence Sunday, hitting and killing a 3-year-old girl as they were waiting in line for ice cream in Porterville, California. Adolf Balbuena, 18, mowed down the toddler, Angeles Moreno, as they and several others, including an 8-year-old boy, were waiting line at an ice cream truck. After hitting Moreno, Balbuena backed up and drove away. They were arrested at their home around an hour later, the Fresno Bee reported.
#7 Down in Laredo, Texas an illegal immigrant that had been deported four times confessed to murdering their wife with a hammer…
Breitbart Texas has exclusively confirmed that a man who confessed to murdering their wife with a hammer in Laredo, Texas is a four-time deported illegal immigrant who would not have been in the U.S. had they not been able to illegally cross back into the country multiple times from Mexico after their deportations. In addition, the Laredo Police Department continuously encountered the man in violent episodes with their wife, yet did not notify Border Patrol, according to federal agents who spoke with Breitbart Texas on the condition of anonymity.
#8 In DeLand, Florida a 27-year-old Mexican immigrant that is here illegally has been charged with raping a woman that cannot hear or speak…
A 27-year-old Mexican man is locked up after police charge them with raping a woman who cannot hear or speak. Juan Corona-Martinez (picture courtesy Volusia County Jail) of Becca Lane in DeLand is held on $50,000 bond following their arrest on Friday. The DeLand Police Department says they were called out to Florida Hospital DeLand on November 19th when a 37-year-old woman told a friend they had been raped by Corona-Martinez.
#9 Earlier this year, a 29-year-old illegal immigrant killed a convenience store clerk in Phoenix over two packs of cigarettes…
Apolinar Altamirano, 29, an unauthorized Mexican illegal alien DREAMer, has been arrested for the January 22, 2015 first-degree murder of Phoenix Quick Trip store clerk Grant Ronnebeck, 21. Altamirano is accused of shooting Ronnebeck and stealing two packs of cigarettes after the clerk demanded payment before giving Altamirano any cigarettes. The murder was recorded on the store's security camera and police captured Altamirano after a high speed chase in Phoenix. Altamirano had previous run-ins with local police and Immigration and Customs Enforcement. In 2012, they pleaded guilty to facilitation to commit burglary and got probation but was placed in deportation proceedings. Before the murder of Ronnebeck, Altamirano was released on a $10,000 bond in 2013 from ICE custody despite the defendant's own claims of ties to the Mexican Mafia.
#10 Not too long ago, three members of the MS-13 street gang forced a 16-year-old New York girl into the woods and took turns brutally raping her…
Three MS-13 street-gang members from El Salvador are being held without bail on charges they forced a 16-year-old New York girl into the woods near a golf course, and two of them raped them while the third kept watch. “This is one of the most brutal, heinous crimes that I have seen in a long, long time,” Suffolk County District Attorney Thomas Spota said at a news conference, according to New York's WNBC-TV. “This poor young woman is so lucky that, quite frankly, that they are alive. These are vicious young men, vicious young men, and what they did to them was absolutely terrible.” Spota, who said the attack was “barbaric,” identified the suspects as 17-year-old Jose Cornejo, 18-year-old Bryan Larios and 17-year-old Joel Escobar. All three of the MS-13 gang members, who are from El Salvador, were arrested May 29 just hours after the attack. They are being charged as adults.
According to Democrats (and some Republicans), we should not be too concerned about crimes such as these because the general population commits crimes at about the same rate.
But when they tell you that, they are flat out lying to you. The following numbers come from a recent American Thinker article…
Let's take homicide as an example. The GAO estimates “criminal aliens” were arrested, convicted and incarcerated for 25,064 homicides. If non-citizens committed them over seven years, the annual rate would be 14.2 per 100,000 non-citizens. If illegal aliens committed them over four years, the annual rate would be 58.0 per 100,000 illegal aliens. Either way you compute, those are high rates. By comparison, the FBI reports the murder rates for the entire U.S. from 2003 through 2009 varied from 5.0 to 5.8 per 100,000 inhabitants for an average rate of 5.5. To be clear, 5.5 is much lower than either 14.2 or 58.0. Or look at the total number of homicides in those years. Per the FBI, there were 67,642 murders in the U.S. from 2005 through 2008, and 115,717 from 2003 through 2009. Per the GAO, criminal aliens committed 25,064 of them. That means they committed 22% to 37% of all murders in the U.S., while being only 3.52% to 8.25% of the population. Conclusion: criminal and illegal aliens commit murder at much higher rates than all inhabitants of the U.S. – at least 3 to 10 times higher.
We desperately need to secure our borders, but most of our politicians are against doing that because they believe that it would be bad for them politically.
So hardcore criminals, drug runners, gang members and sex offenders are going to continue to pour into this country. And what makes things even more infuriating is that there are hundreds of “sanctuary cities” that have rolled out the red carpet for them. If you can believe it, many of these sanctuary cities actually have a practice of releasing illegal immigrants with criminal records back into our communities rather than turn them over to the feds…
Some 276 “sanctuary cities,” nearly 50 percent more than previously revealed, released over 8,000 illegal immigrants with criminal records or facing charges free despite federal requests that they be turned over to Immigration and Customs Enforcement for deportation, according to an explosive new report. The Center for Immigration Studies, revealing new numbers it received under the Freedom of Information Act, said that those releases from cities that ignored federal demands came over just eight months and are just part of an even larger release of 17,000 illegals with criminal records.
And of course the Obama administration has been releasing violent criminals back into our communities as well. This is a huge scandal that hardly anyone is talking about. In a previous article, I discussed how the Obama administration released more than 36,000 convicted criminals back on to our streets in one recent year alone…
Why has Barack Obama been releasing thousands of illegal immigrants that have been convicted of crimes back on to the streets of our cities? According to U.S. Senator Chuck Grassley, more than 36,000 were released from custody in Fiscal Year 2013 alone. These individuals were actually convicted of committing crimes, and many of them went on to commit new crimes once they were released by Immigration and Customs Enforcement. In fact, Senator Grassley says that 121 of the criminals that were released during Fiscal Year 2013 were subsequently charged with committing murder. That means that more than 100 American citizens are now dead because of Obama's foolish policies. Why is Obama doing this? They know that one out of every five illegal immigrants has a criminal record, and they know that many of these convicted criminals that they are releasing will go on to commit new crimes. What possible justification could Obama have for doing this to our communities?
If we do not secure our borders and we continue to release convicted criminals back into our communities instead of deporting them, a lot more innocent people are going to get raped and murdered.
The families of those that have already been murdered can never get their loved ones back.
Those that have been brutally raped can never erase what has been done to them.
But we could prevent many future violent crimes if we were just willing to take some common sense measures to protect our citizens.
So why won't our politicians do something?
Please feel free to share what you think by posting a comment below…
Chicago White Sox ace lefty Chris Sale was so put off by the collared throwback uniform they were supposed to wear in their start Saturday night that they shredded the entire set while their teammates were taking batting practice. The White Sox scratched Sale from their scheduled start, and on Sunday punished their star player with a five-day suspension in one of the more bizarre incidents of the season. While Sale's issue was with the jersey's discomfort and what they saw as putting “PR and jersey sales” ahead of winning, we asked a few Jays for lighthearted takes on whether they'd ever had to wear a uniform they would have rather cut to pieces: Joe Biagini, RH
White Sox ace Chris Sale was suspended by the club for cutting up throwback jerseys they didn't like. ( Eric Christian Smith / AP )
“There were some weird ones in the minors. There was a tie-dye uniform one night and then we had another one nobody really understood. It was for Memorial Day, but it wasn't even red, white and blue. It was like this purple sky and they tried to put a picture of fighter jets flying. But the picture was blown up and the jets were so small that nobody could see them. So it was supposed to be Memorial Day and people were like, ‘What's this Purple Rain thing you guys are doing?' ” Darwin Barney, INF “When I was with the Cubs we wore throwbacks probably at least 12 different times. But to be honest, I'm a fan of that throwback look: the mids, the stirrups, all that. But when I was in the minors there was some kind of Hawaii night somewhere that we wore flowers on our jersey. That was pretty bad.”
Article Continued Below
Bo Schultz, RH “When I was in Low-A, in Kane County (Ill.), we wore our batting practice tops for games a couple times. At one time they must have been bright green, but after 10 years of sunbleaching they were kind of like almost a dead-grass green. I wouldn't say it got to the point where I wanted to cut 'em up, but I was kind of like, ‘I know it's cool to wear something different, but this is a bit much.' ” Devon Travis, 2B “I don't think I ever had any jerseys that were too ugly. The only thing that ever bothered me was really big jerseys. It's a bad feeling when you've got a jersey on that doesn't fit. Here (in the majors) you're blessed enough to get a jersey that fits you. Down there (in the minors), they're like, ‘What number do you want? Okay, what size are you? Well, we have that number in this size, or this number in that size.' So you have to pick between whether you want your number or whether you want your size. I mean, if you're going to work, regardless of what your job is, you want your uniform to fit.”
BOSTON (CBS) – Shawn Thornton has been dishing out punishment in the NHL for 11 years, but on Saturday, the league came down hard on the Bruins forward.
After and in-person hearing with the league on Friday, the NHL decided on a 15 game suspension for Thornton over their actions in last Saturday's 3-2 win over the Pittsburgh Penguins. The suspension was first reported by TSN's Darren Dreger.
“I am aware of today's ruling by the NHL Department of Player Safety. I will be consulting with the Bruins, my representation and the NHLPA about next steps, and will be in a position to address the matter publicly after speaking with those parties. Until then I will have no further comment,” Thornton said in a release.
During a stoppage in play, Thornton skated nearly the length of the ice and pulled Penguins defenseman Bruce Orpik down to the ice from behind, throwing two punches at their face before being restrained. Orpik was taken off the ice on a stretcher and spent the night in a Boston hospital. They were placed on the IR a few days later, but did return to ice at Penguins practice on Friday.
All of that started after Orpik threw a borderline hit on Loui Eriksson in the opening minute of the game, knocking the Bruins forward out of the game and onto the IR with their second concussion of the season. Thornton challenged Orpik to a fight shortly after, but they declined.
A few minutes later, Thornton took their chance to get some revenge on the Pittsburgh defenseman.
Thornton sounded distraught after the win, nearly breaking down when asked about their on-ice behavior.
“Obviously, I made a mistake,” Thornton said after the game. “It was not my intention. I feel awful. I felt sick all game.”
The suspension is the first of Thornton's career. He'll be eligible to return on January 11 against San Jose.
MORE SPORTS COVERAGE FROM CBS BOSTON
CLEVELAND -- It was after midnight on draft night in 2013 and then-Cleveland Cavaliers general manager Chris Grant was working hard to finish a deal.
Within a minute of the Memphis Grizzlies taking Janis Timma with the 60th and final pick, assistant general manager Trent Redden was on the phone going after a guy the Cavs were calling their "Mr. 61," as in 61st pick. They were an undersized Australian from St. Mary's who had slipped through the back end of the draft.
To say Matthew Dellavedova was unwanted isn't true. Undrafted, yes, but they had several contract offers rolling in that night. One was from the New York Knicks. A little bidding war unfolded and the Cavs kept upping their offer. Finally, Grant reached the number agent Bill Duffy was looking for: $100,000 guaranteed on a two-year contract that was otherwise non-guaranteed.
This is now looking like one of the greatest moves in team history after the gritty little Aussie had yet another incredible Finals game, this one including 20 points and a vital flailing banker in the fourth quarter that was as improbable as this career path.
When Matthew Dellavedova wasn't dropping 20 points on Golden State, they were hitting the floor. Ken Blaze/USA TODAY Sports
Grant is no longer with the team, fired last year after a disappointing start to the season. Neither is Mike Brown, who was fired as the coach. But there are plenty of relics they left that are making a mark in this series the Cavs now lead 2-1 over the Golden State Warriors after a 96-91 Game 3 win.
But none of their decisions is looming larger at the moment than Mr. Dellavedova. Brown watched Dellavedova extensively when they were at St. Mary's because Brown's son, Elijah, was considering accepting a scholarship to play there. There was no missing Delly when watching the Gaels; there were a list of achievements, but all you really need to know is they retired their jersey less than a year after they graduated.
Grant knew St. Mary's coach Randy Bennett well, and the coach raved about Dellavedova. The Cavs found themselves intrigued.
Then summer league started. The stories have grown in the two years since, but generally all agree Dellavedova was horrible from the first practice onward and only marginally improved over the two weeks in Las Vegas. The Cavs will never admit it, but they must have wondered if they'd flushed $100,000 down the drain for a player who didn't look like he'd be able to cut it at the next level.
It didn't get much better in the preseason, with it appearing at times that Dellavedova might be headed for the waiver wire. That included one dreadful night in Cincinnati against John Wall when Dellavedova had six turnovers in one quarter.
There were those in the organization that did want Dellavedova cut despite the moderate investment in him. But Grant believed in Dellavedova and their potential. They liked their temperament and thought their constant aggression, at the very least, would push young star Kyrie Irving in practices.
When they had to make the last cut, Grant made the call and decided to keep him.
Grant drafted Irving and Tristan Thompson, who were hits, but also Dion Waiters and Anthony Bennett, who were not. They also made a series of moves to acquire picks that enabled the Cavs to make trades that landed them Kevin Love, Timofey Mozgov, J.R. Smith and Iman Shumpert.
Finding the Dellavedova diamond, though, might end up being a legacy move.
"The fact that Chris believed in Delly to the level that they did is paying off for the organization in spades," said Cavs general manager David Griffin, who was the team's assistant GM before ascending last year. "Everyone benefits from everyone that comes before them."
Grant ended up being like the starting pitcher who labored through seven innings with no stuff, dragging the Cavs through four generally miserable rebuilding years. Griffin has acted as the closer, coming in and firing fastballs to finish deals as LeBron James' grand slam return changed the game after Grant had been sent to the showers.
Within weeks in the 2013-14 season, Dellavedova was earning playing time from Brown, who loved their relentless play even if execution at the NBA level sometimes proved a challenge. After Brown left, Cavs coach David Blatt quickly fell for their dedication to the system and their defensive energy and, like Brown, found themselves finding minutes for them even as the Cavs brought in other point guards to try out.
Now in the Finals, Dellavedova has morphed into the Cavs' second-most important player to this point, which defies all kinds of realities. He's been just as likely to make a clutch shot or free throw as they are to achieve a vital defensive stop or go crashing to the floor.
Dellavedova played so hard in Game 3 that they turned into one giant cramp after the game and had to go to the Cleveland Clinic to get treatment for dehydration. The former Mr. 61 is earning the lowest salary of any player in the Finals -- $816,000 for the season. Their teammates drive Lamborghinis, Ferraris and, in James' case, a $60,000 Kia they get paid millions to be seen in. Dellavedova drives a Mazda.
"The guys love Delly because they play with all their heart," Blatt said late Tuesday night. "What's not to love about the guy?"
The Comptroller of Maryland already takes the position that “the U.S. Constitution does not require an out-of-state vendor to have a substantial physical presence in the taxing state for the state to require that vendor to collect sales and use tax. All that is required is for the out-of-state vendor to demonstrate more than a ‘slightest presence' in the taxing state.” However, the physical presence precedent set by the Supreme Court makes it difficult for the state to enforce its position; as the fiscal note to the Main Street Fairness Act of 2017 explains, "It is very difficult for the Comptroller to compel any remote seller to actually collect State sales tax." The proposed economic nexus legislation, if enacted, would give the state more teeth.
It would also likely embroil the state in a legal battle, as it has in South Dakota and other states with similar policies (e.g., Alabama, Oklahoma), and litigation would affect if and when revenue could be collected. Officials in Tennessee, Vermont, and other states that have adopted or are considering economic nexus policies understand and embrace the risk of litigation. Indeed, their laws are intended to challenge the status quo.
By Adam Easton
BBC News, Warsaw
Szymany airport is said to be where CIA interrogations took place Polish intelligence sources have for the first time confirmed that the US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) ran a secret prison facility on Polish soil. The admission comes after a report found the CIA had operated prisons for terror suspects in Poland and Romania. Polish and Romanian officials denied the claims, but last month Warsaw launched a new inquiry into the matter. In 2006, US President George W Bush admitted the CIA had held suspects in secret jails but they did not say where. Two anonymous intelligence officers made the claims about facilities being located in Poland in the daily Dziennik. One of them states that between 2002 and 2005 the CIA held terror suspects inside a military intelligence training base in Stare Kiejkuty in north-eastern Poland. The officer says only the CIA had access to the isolated zone, which was used because it was a secure site far from major towns and was close to a former military airport. 'High-value detainees' Both the then Prime Minister, Leszek Miller, and President, Aleksander Kwasniewski, knew about the base, the newspaper reports. However the officer says it was unlikely either man knew if the prisoners were being tortured because the Poles had no control over the Americans' activities. Both leaders have always denied the existence of any such base. Last year a Council of Europe report quoted unnamed CIA sources as saying that "high-value detainees", including Khalid Sheik Mohammed - the alleged mastermind of the 9/11 attacks on the US in 2001 - had been interrogated in Poland. The current Polish government says it has no knowledge of the base but it has sanctioned a new investigation into the claims.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
There's cosplay, and then there's cosplay. This Ghostbusters Proton Pack replica built by Printrbot employees is a 3D printed labor of love.
Printrbot CEO Brook Drumm has shared a funny and heartwarming story about two young employees who broke an industrial machine worth over $200,000 — all because they were building a Ghostbusters proton pack replica.
Thankfully, they didn't fire them.
Tucker and Alex (last names not given) are a pair of talented high school students that Drumm hired to build sub-assemblies for Printrbot production printers and troubleshoot printers for refurbishment.
In their spare time the pair have been pursuing their own personal passion, building a replica Ghostbusters proton pack based on the hallowed 1980s action comedy.
Here's a video demo of the finished item:
Ghostbusters Proton Pack is Perfect for Cosplay
3D printing parts for the replica only got them so far, however, and they sought permission to use the company's water jet cutter.
A water jet cutter is an industrial tool capable of cutting a wide variety of materials using a very high-pressure jet of water, or a mixture of water and an abrasive substance.
To quote Drumm, this machine is “the life-blood of Printrbot's R&D”. Unfortunately, Tucker and Alex broke the tip of the water jet after a little mishap when preparing parts for cutting.
But the problem was easily fixed with some spare parts, and Tucker and Alex were soon able to finish their project. As Drumm explains:
“I wanted to share this story for a couple of reasons. First, these guys are cool and they are the real deal. They not only did something cool, they completed a complicated project and went on to learn new skills and iterate on their designs to improve them. THIS is the culture of our company. One thing I have always been honest about in our growth as a company is: I have made tons of mistakes… and I have learned incredible lessons from my failures. Granted, the lesson that these teenagers learned, specifically, was a small one. But the value of that lesson is huge… Don't let failures stop you!”
You can see a detailed build log of the Ghostbusters Proton Pack replica by Tucker on Imgur. You should pay close attention in the pictures to their ventilation solution for stinky fused filaments, which is pretty much MacGyver levels of genius.
Interested in buying one for yourself? Tucker and Alex are occasionally selling the replicas on eBay. Keep an eye on their seller page for when the next one becomes available.
(Source: Printrbot)
Less than a quarter into their first game as a member of the Boston Celtics, Gordon Hayward suffered a fractured left tibia and dislocated left ankle in gruesome fashion, dealing a significant blow to a revamped Celtics team that entered the season with title aspirations.
Celtics Coach Brad Stevens says Gordon Hayward has a dislocated ankle & a fractured tibia. On their way back to Boston tonight. — Rachel Nichols (@Rachel__Nichols) October 18, 2017
With just under seven minutes to play in the first quarter in Boston's season-opener against the Cavaliers, Hayward came down awkwardly after trying to catch an alley-oop from Kyrie Irving. Hayward's left leg buckled unnaturally under them and their ankle to be severely injured. After the Cavs bench reacted to the image of Hayward's leg in front of them, play was stopped for multiple minutes before Hayward was carried off the court.
Players from both teams rushed to give Hayward words of encouragement before they left the court, and LeBron James reportedly went into the Cavs locker room where Hayward was being treated. Hayward was then transferred to the Celtics locker room before they were flown via MedFlight to Boston, where they will be taken to New England Baptist Hospital, reports Fox Boston's Blair Miller.
Celtics play-by-play announcer Mike Gorman said the fracture appears to be clean, and that there is no ligament damage.
After spending the first seven seasons of their career with the Jazz, Hayward signed a max contract with the Celtics as a free agent this summer. Hayward, 27, averaged 21.9 points, 5.4 rebounds and 3.5 assists last year in Utah.
Video of the injury can be see here. Viewer discretion is advised, as the injury is extremely graphic in nature.
There's a certain Darkness at Noon vibe to the Justice Department's jihad against Ferguson over its history of more blacks than whites getting in trouble with the cops (to make up for the fact that Holder's Department couldn't figure out any plausible justification for subjecting Darren Wilson to double jeopardy to please the outgoing boss).
But if everyone is guilty, then the Justice Department can just hammer any town they feel like?
Here's the NYT's graph based on the supposedly damning statistics in the Justice Department's report:
Okay, but is everyone guilty? Can any municipality in America produce a graph where blacks don't get in trouble with the law more than whites? The existence of equal numbers of White Malefactors somewhere or other is presumed, but can anybody identify the actual place?
If there is one, my guess would be that it would be in a white part of the country next to a big Air Force base, where most of the blacks came to town because they were eligible to join the Air Force. (These days, you have to score at close to the 50th percentile on the heavily g-loaded AFQT enlistment cognitive test to get into the Air Force.) Off the top of my head, Minot, North Dakota sounds like the best hope for a town where blacks don't get arrested more often than whites.
So, does anybody know of crime statistics by race in Minot? (You'd need to drill down by age and sex to get an apples to apples comparison.)
Obama's Honolulu, a Navy town, might be another candidate. Perhaps Hilo?
Another possibility would be a municipality where most of the blacks are elite immigrants. For example, Eric Holder themselves grew up in a “West Indian enclave.” But that was in New York, where the cops hassle African-Americans constantly. Houston has a lot of educated Africans attracted by the oil industry and Akeem Olajuwon's fame. But New York and Houston are big cities with lots of American blacks.
Does anybody have any suggestions?
By the way, the chorus chord progression (2:01) from this 2009 song is pretty much “Money” by Pink Floyd.
It's tough being a band these days because it's all been done before.
In fact, wasn't “It's All Been Done Before” a hit in the previous millenium?
Image copyright AP Image caption The couple's child could have been taken away within a week
A Utah judge has reversed their decision to move a baby from its lesbian foster parents and place it with a heterosexual couple.
Judge Scott Johansen had said it was for the eight-month-old girl's "well-being" that they be with heterosexual parents.
Officials from the Utah Division of Child and Family Services had said they would fight Mr Johansen's ruling.
Their prior decision spurred criticism across the country.
The child could have been taken from its parents, April Hoagland and Beckie Pierce, within a week.
Utah Governor Gary Herbert, a Republican, had said they disagreed with the judge's prior ruling.
"He may not like the law, but they should follow the law. We don't want to have activism on the bench in any way, shape or form," said Mr Herbert.
The couple is married with two biological children and they were approved earlier this year to be foster parents.
They have been fostering the baby since August and hoped to eventually adopt them
Officials in Utah estimate that there are at least a dozen foster parents in the state who are married same-sex couples.
