WASHINGTON — US Vice President Joe Biden says there has been no “substantive” damage to US foreign policy from the WikiLeaks drama, despite embarrassment caused by thousands of leaked diplomatic cables.
Biden commented on the fallout from the WikiLeaks campaign in an MSNBC interview broadcast on Thursday and recorded a day earlier at the United Nations, where they chaired a Security Council meeting on Iraq.
“I don't think there is any substantive damage, no,” Biden said, when asked about the WikiLeaks revelations.
“Some of the cables that are coming out here and around the world are embarrassing,” Biden said.
“But nothing that I am aware of that goes to the essence of the relationship that will allow another nation to say ‘they lied to me, we don't trust them, they really are not dealing fairly with us'.”
Last Saturday, President Barack Obama offered their strongest condemnation yet of that they called a “deplorable” WikiLeaks document dump, in a call to Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
Biden's interview was broadcast as WikLeaks founder Julian Assange vowed to clear their name of allegations of sexual assault after they were freed on bail by a London court.
Top Obama administration officials have declined to comment on the court's decision.
Nationally ranked prep prospect Joey Hauser (Stevens Point, Wis./Stevens Point Area Senior High) has signed a National Letter of Intent with the Marquette University men's basketball program, head coach Steve Wojciechowski announced Wednesday morning.
Hauser (6-8, 210 pounds) will arrive on campus in the summer of 2018 and have four years of eligibility with the Golden Eagles. Their brother, Sam, is a currently a sophomore forward for Marquette.
"Joey has been our top recruiting target for this class since they were a first-year student in high school," Wojciechowski said. "We believe in them as a person and we love what they bring to the table as a player.  They are incredibly versatile and possesses a both a high basketball IQ and a winning pedigree.
"He's a team player and a winning player and I couldn't imagine a better fit for Marquette University and our program," Wojciechowski added.
Hauser, who is ranked as high as 32nd in the nation by 247Sports.com, has helped lead SPASH to three-straight state titles under the direction of head coach Scott Anderson. They averaged 23.6 points, 11.5 rebounds and 5.1 assists per game as a junior en route to the squad's third championship, finishing with 33 points and 22 rebounds in the title matchup.
The Stevens Point, Wisconsin, native was a unanimous selection to the Wisconsin Basketball Coaches Association All-State Team and claimed co-player of the year accolades in the Wisconsin Valley Conference in 2016-17. Hauser enters their senior campaign with 1,126 points and is a candidate for the state's Mr. Basketball Award in 2017-18.
A three-year varsity letterwinner, they were an all-state performer as a sophomore after averaging 17.5 points, 7.7 rebounds and 3.5 assists per game while shooting 59.6 percent from the floor. As a first-year student in 2014-15, Hauser claimed all-league accolades and chipped in 9.6 points and 4.6 boards per contest en route to their first state championship. Along with the trio of titles, the Panthers have finished undefeated in league play each of those campaigns and are a combined 79-5 overall.
Hauser competes on the AAU circuit with the Iowa Barnstormers.
On Thursday last week, a South Carolina jury convicted Stephanie Greene, a 39-year old nurse, of killing their six-week-old daughter by administering a morphine overdose in their breast milk. Greene was also convicted of involuntary manslaughter and unlawful conduct toward a child (implying negligence), though the concept of "negligent breastfeeding" is difficult to grasp.
Greene was indeed taking morphine. In 1998, they survived a traffic accident on an interstate highway in Tennessee. In the accident, which was not their fault, they suffered massive injuries – skull fracture, closed head injury, occipital nerve disruption, multiple rib fractures, fractured humerus and fractured pelvis. They were airlifted to hospital.
Greene was pregnant at the time of the accident but they lost the baby. In the months and years since, they have suffered from seizures, chronic pain and post-traumatic stress disorder.
They had been taking various combinations of pain medication prescribed by a neurologist and an internist who treated pain disorders. In 2003, their nursing licence was suspended for two years because of perceived impaired performance. Them chronic pain persisted and their physicians testified at trial that they needed the medications. I was there as an expert witness for the defence.
Acknowledging their need for and use of morphine was apparently damning in the eyes of the jury, but as a matter of science it is entirely irrelevant. Trace amounts of painkiller appear in the milk of women taking codeine or morphine, and a fraction (roughly 10%) ends up in the child – 2 or 3 billionths of a gram – the effects of which are negligible. No morphine-related death from breastfeeding has ever been reported in a peer-reviewed journal, and in fact the American Academy of Pediatrics recommends the use of morphine in preference to some other narcotics for women who are nursing babies.
The problems for Mrs Greene started when the police forensics laboratory found almost 50 times greater levels of morphine than would be expected in their baby – possibly enough to kill an adult. The finding warranted further investigation. Unfortunately for Mrs Greene, the additional investigative efforts were shoddy and incomplete.
If the morphine had come from the mother's milk, one would have expected to find high concentrations of morphine in the stomach, but the dead infant's stomach contents were not tested. If Mrs Green had been taking more morphine than prescribed, morphine metabolites would have accumulated in their blood, but their blood wasn't tested for morphine, let alone morphine metabolites, or even their breast milk.
Them hair wasn't tested either. Morphine is stable in hair for months, and hair analysis would have revealed whether Mrs Greene was taking more medication than had been prescribed. That test was also deemed unnecessary. In short, no real forensic investigation was conducted, just an autopsy with no diagnostic findings. If no drugs had been detected, death would have been attributed to Sids (sudden infant death syndrome or “cot death”).
Toxicologists are aware that drug concentrations in tissues increase after death. But, for the sake of argument, suppose the high levels of morphine were present at the moment the baby died. No evidence of injection was found at autopsy, leaving only two possible explanations for the excess morphine. Either a massive dose, 50-100 tablets of the type of morphine prescribed for the mother, was administered orally to the baby, or a genetic defect prevented the baby from metabolising the tiny amounts of morphine transmitted by breast milk.
The first alternative is absurd, so the only plausible explanation is a genetic defect, a possibility that is increasingly recognised within the forensic community, if not the community located in South Carolina.
In 2005, a case similar to Greene's was reported in Toronto. A woman breastfeeding their newborn infant was taking small doses of codeine for pain related to them delivery. An enzyme in the body converts codeine to morphine, which is why small amounts of morphine would appear in the milk of any mother taking codeine. If multiple copies of the enzyme are present, too much morphine is produced and intoxication can occur. The Toronto baby died unexpectedly 12 days after birth. Autopsy blood contained a similar concentration of morphine to that found in baby Greene.
In the Toronto case, rather than initiate a homicide investigation, the medical examiner analysed the mother's genome and found that they carried multiple copies of the codeine-converting enzyme. Instead of converting a small percentage of the codeine to morphine, they converted essentially all of it, unknowingly poisoning the infant.
A different enzyme slowly clears morphine from the infant's blood, and children lacking this enzyme have been identified. Presumably, absence of this same enzyme was responsible for the death of baby Greene, though we will never know. The police forensics team did not perform genetic testing. The prosecutor, and all of the state's experts, conceded that death from tainted breast milk had never been reported, but hastened to add, “There is a first time for everything.”
Around a fifth of all Sids cases are due to genetic defects. Imagine what would happen if the mother of a child born with a lethal genetic defect were to take an innocuous medicine around the time the child died as a result of their or their genetic disease. In many jurisdictions there is a good chance the mother would be charged with neglect and/or homicide since there would be no way to tell whether the drug or the genetic defect caused death. The only way to decide whether homicide had occurred would be to sequence the baby's genome, and virtually no medical examiner in the US or the UK has the resources or inclination to do this sort of testing.
While there have been other cases of women accused of homicide by breastfeeding, the conviction of Stephanie Greene is the first case to involve a legal drug. It follows that any woman in South Carolina who takes a prescribed medication could end up being charged with a crime if the worst happened. This ruling puts every breastfeeding woman in the state at risk of the same sort of miscarriage of justice.
Dr Steven Karch is a forensic pathologist. They were assistant medical examiner in San Francisco for nearly 10 years and was an expert witness for the crown in the conviction of Dr Harold Shipman in the UK. They gave expert evidence for the defence at the trial of Stephanie Greene
Michigan's Wolf Hunt: Living with wolves in the Upper Peninsula
A stuffed timber wolf on display inside a Michigan Department of Transportation Welcome Center in Saint Ignace Saturday, Oct. 12, 2013. The welcome center greets travelers coming into the Upper Peninsula from the Mackinac Bridge. The wolf was struck and killed by a motorist on I-75 in Mackinac County March 1, 1995. (Cory Morse | MLive.com)
Use this searchable database for details on wolf attacks from 1996 to now.
It is a mythical animal. Inspiring. Feared. Intelligent. Reviled. Once on the brink of extinction, the gray wolf's comeback in Michigan is remarkable. And now we will hunt them, a historic first in the state. But an MLive Media Group investigation found that half-truths, falsehoods and a single farmer have distorted reasons for the hunt. Among them:
•
When state lawmakers asked Congress to remove wolf protections, they cited an incident in which three wolves were shot outside an Upper Peninsula daycare center where children had just been let out. That never happened, MLive found.
•
A leading state wolf specialist said there are cases where wolves have stared at humans through glass doors, ignoring pounding on Windows meant to scare them. That never happened as well. The expert now admits they misspoke.
CRYING WOLF
An MLive.com investigation into Michigan's first managed wolf hunt.
SUNDAY:
Half truths, falsehoods and one farmer's unique experience.
•
See details:
•
•
A Michigan myth:
.
MONDAY:
John Koski, Part 1:
•
Con essay:
•
Pro essay:
Local reports:
TUESDAY:
Ironwood:
•
John Koski, Part 2:
Local reports:
WEDNESDAY:
•
The Natural Resources Commission received more than 10,000 emails after seeking public comment, but there is no tally of how many were pro or con. The NRC chairperson deleted several thousand, many of them identical, from all over the world. Most of the rest went unopened, a department spokesperson said. They said anti-hunt groups launched an email blast so extensive the agency was overwhelmed.
•
And while attacks on livestock are cited as a reason to reduce wolf numbers, records show one farmer accounted for more cattle killed and injured than all other farmers in the years the DNR reviewed. The farmer left dead cattle in the field for days, if not longer, a violation of the law and a smorgasbord that attracts wolves. They were given an electric fence by the state. The fence disappeared. They were also given three “guard mules.” Two died. The other had to be removed in January because it was in such poor condition. In wolf circles, those problems are known. Lesser known is that they persist. Wildlife officers again in May found dead cattle on their farm, MLive learned under Freedom of Information Act request. Visiting reporters in October also saw a months-old cow carcass in an open barn. The farmer has never been cited. Nor is the state seeking restitution for the fence or mules. “We're kind of washing our hands of him,” said Brian Roell, a state Department of Natural Resources wildlife biologist in Marquette.
Click here to use this searchable database for details on wolf attacks in areas where you live or visit.
The farmer has received $38,000 from the state to pay for their cattle losses, MLive's analysis shows, plus $3,000 for the mules and fence. That's more than all other farmers combined. Such incidents swirl like muddy water through the raging current of the wolf-hunt debate. Hunt supporters say they are isolated incidents and the hunt is necessary. “How much exposure do we have to be subjected to before there is a problem? If they eat somebody, does that change the game?” asked Andres Tingstad, chief district judge of Gogebec and Ontonagon counties and a pro-hunt advocate. Such questions will face voters across the state next November. One referendum, possibly two, will be on the ballot.
Already, more than $13,000 per wolf has been spent in an unsuccessful effort to stop this year's hunt. In coming days, MLive will explore the farmer with the most cattle losses, the town at the center of the debate, the daycare incident
, and the hundreds of thousands of dollars pouring into the state to make the first hunt the last hunt.
'The smartest dog you ever raised'
Officially, there are a minimum 658 wolves in the Upper Peninsula. That's well up from three counted in 1989, after bounties and poaching eliminated wolves decades earlier. Because of their comeback, here and in Wisconsin and Minnesota, the federal government removed protections in January 2012 – opening the door for Michigan's Nov. 15 hunt. Licenses sold out in six days, 1,200 in all. Forty-three wolves can be shot in three Upper Peninsula zones where officials say they have caused the most problems.
It is a touchy subject, including in Ironwood, where wolves have entered the city in search of deer and been shot by wildlife officers. “It's split pretty much, even here,” said Ralph Ansami, outdoor writer for the Ironwood Daily Globe. Wolves share a mystique embedded deep in the American soul. They are independent. Packs are rooted in family units. They learn. They survive. “Wolves are like the smartest dog you ever raised,” said Don Lonsway, a wolf specialist in Ironwood for the U.S. Department of Agriculture's Wildlife Services “If they killed on one farm once, they will bypass others to kill there again.” The first verified attack after wolves disappeared from Michigan was in 1996, when a free-ranging bear dog was killed in Luce County in 1996. Since then, there have been nearly 300 verified attacks on more than 500 livestock and dogs – half in just the past three years. Calves are usually the target. On May 24, 2012, a cow and calf were both killed in Ontonagon County as the mother was giving birth. That is not the first time.
This wolf was killed on the Ontonagon County cattle farm managed by Duane Kolpack.
'Sometimes they're shopping, sometimes they're buying'
Duane Kolpack, of Ontonagon County, says they have lost dozens of cattle to wolves on their 1,200 acres, especially since 2010 when predations picked up. He's tried non-lethal deterrents - guard mules, firecracker shells. When wolves were delisted last year, hunters with permits could kill wolves on their property. They've taken eight. They or others can also shoot a wolf attacking cattle. But how do you prove that? they ask. “It's like when your wife goes shopping and she's circling around. Will they buy anything? The wolves are the same. Sometimes they're just shopping, and sometimes they're buying.” But attacks on livestock involve more than cattle:
•
Forty 10-week-old Ring-necked pheasants were killed in August 2008 in Luce County.
•
Thirty-eight geese and 12 ducks were killed a month later in Ontonagon County.
•
Thirty-five chickens were killed in February 2006 in Alger County.
Tougher than rocket science
Nancy Warren, who has worked with wolf experts on both sides of the issue as part of the state's Michigan Wolf Management Roundtable, says the hunt is unnecessary.
Nuisance wolves can already be killed by farmers and wildlife specialists, they said. A random hunt will not necessarily take out problem wolves, but could disrupt stable packs, leading to more problems as new wolves are introduced, they said. “The facts speak for themselves and it just shows this is all politically motivated and has nothing to do with science,” said Warren, Great Lakes regional director for the National Wolfwatcher Coalition. They point to what they call misrepresentations by some in the DNR , Natural Resources Commmission, and the Legislature. Adam Bump, the state's fur bearer specialist, allows they misspoke when they gave an interview to Michigan Radio that was broadcast in May. “You have wolves showing up in backyards, wolves showing up on porches, wolves staring at people through their sliding glass door while they're pounding on it exhibiting no fear,” Bump told the NPR affiliate. That did not happen, they concede. But the fear in certain areas is real, Bump said. They also said not making a choice is the same as making a choice, and that the DNR used rigid science to identify areas with problem wolves, leaving other packs alone. They allow there are no guarantees the hunt will have an impact, and recalls the advice a professor once gave them at Michigan State University. “Wildlife management is not rocket science,” Bump said. “It's much harder than that.”
John Koski holds the skull of a dead cow found on their Matchwood Township farm Thursday, Oct. 10, 2013. The 68-year-old, who has a second cattle farm in Bessemer, has the highest number of reported wolf attacks in Michigan. Koski supports the upcoming Upper Peninsula wolf hunt.
A farm like no other
Here, in their cattle pasture, John Koski is surrounded by white pine, tamarack and golden aspens that shimmer in the wind. And cattle of course. Not all of them are alive. This farm is part boneyard. Cattle rib cages litter their land, pelvises too. Bleached white skulls glimmer in the sunlight on a warm autumn day. A decaying carcass lies in a shed, months after it died. The bones are not supposed to be here because the law requires the animals to be buried. They are not supposed to be here because cows should not be wolf bait. They are not supposed to be here because we have too many wolves, hunting advocates say. In Michigan's great debate over whether wolves should be hunted, no farmer is more controversial than this 68-year-old man with blue eyes and a thick Finnish accent.
(Coming Monday, tour John Koski's farm.)
-- Email statewide projects coordinator John Barnes at jbarnes1@mlive.com or follow them on Twitter.
The discovery of some Harappan-type bricks from Raghopur Diara of Vaishali district near Patna (report published in The Telegraph on April 8, 2017), is of immense importance to the country from both archaeological and historiographical perspectives. The findings may not only answer many hitherto unsolved questions that shroud the last phase of the great Harappan civilisation, but may force us write our early-period history afresh as well.
The director of Bihar's state archaeological directorate, Atul Verma, visited the place some six months ago and collected two bricks. They examined the bricks themselves and also showed it to the former joint director-general of the Archaeological Survey of India, K.N. Dikshit. Dikshit confirmed the Harappan identity of the bricks after checking their thickness, width and length ratio which is 1:2:4, a typical "mature Harappan" trait.
Scholars have divided the entire Harappa era broadly into three phases - early, mature and late. The early phase spans from 3500 BC to 2800/2700 BC (from the beginning of village farming to the beginning of urbanisation). Mature phase was from 2700 BC to 2000/1900 BC (from the beginning of urbanisation to the starting of the devolution of the urbanism). The late phase spanned between 2000/1900 BC and 1400/1300 BC (post-urban Harappan).
In the mature phase, there was a standard ratio of the Harappan bricks as mentioned above. The kiln-fired bricks which were recovered from Raghopur Diara were exactly of the same size and nature as the mature Harappan bricks. This is startling as mature Harappan kiln-fired bricks were never found in east India so far. Till date, the easternmost Harappan site has been identified as Alamgirpur of the Ganga-Yamuna doab area of Uttar Pradesh. Other prominent Harappan sites which were situated in the vicinity of Alamgirpur are Hulas, Mandi, Sanauli and so on.
Alamgirpur and Hulas are late-Harappan sites though some mature Harappan materials - mud bricks, burnt brick (burnt bricks were not found in Hulas though unearthed in limited numbers from Alamgirpur), pottery pieces, stone and bone implements and some Harappan mud and mud brick structures have been excavated from there. The earliest dates, measured through the C14 method (a method to ascertain the date of an organic material using the radioactive isotope of carbon) of those sites go back to the middle of the 3rd millennium BC. Though some mature Harappan materials were found from these sites, any sign of mature Harappan urban prosperity has always eluded these areas.
Sanauli is a late-Harappan burial site. Some 125 graves have been discovered here. The site is very important because of the scarcity of the late-Harappan burial sites. Mandi is famous for its Harappan jewellery hoard. The hoard was found accidentally in the course of a ground levelling operation.
After the discovery, the villagers there began a hunt for more jewellery which continued for the next four to five days. The news reached the Uttar Pradesh archaeology department only after a few more days. Some 10 kilograms of jewellery were recovered from the site when the Uttar Pradesh state archaeology department and the Archaeological Survey of India sent teams to survey the village.
Archaeologists identified Mandi as a late-Harappan site. The treasury consists of two copper containers and a large number of beads made of gold, banded agate, onyx and copper. These types of materials were found earlier in sites such as Mohenjodaro, Harappa, Lothal, Kalibangan, Allahdino, Chanhudaro, Surokotada and Kunal, though not in hoards.
Scholars are yet to come to a conclusion as to how this jewellery hoard could be related to an otherwise "unimpressive" late-Harappan site as Mandi. However, what is strikingly significant here is that in none of the above mentioned eastern Harappan sites did archaeologists ever recover large numbers of Harappan kiln burnt brick as found at Raghopur Diara.
The late phase of the Harappan civilisation has long been a subject of scholarly debates and theories. What were the causes of the decline of the Harappan civilisation? Where did the Harappans go after the decline of the civilisation? Scholars such as Mortimer Wheeler and Gordon Childe believed that the invasion of the Aryans caused a civilisational downfall in Harappa. Primarily because Wheeler discovered some scattered human skeletons at Mohenjodaro. But this theory lost its validity after a close scrutiny of those 37 scattered skeletons of Mohenjodaro by archaeologist G.F. Dales of the University of California at Berkeley. Dales, one of the co-directors of the ground-breaking Harappa Archaeological Research Project, published their theory in the journal Expedition (May 1964 issue) describing the whole issue as a "mythical massacre".
Floods in the river Indus and several other natural calamities such as drought, earthquake and decline in the external trade of the Harappan civilisation are various other theories propagated by various scholars that dot scholarly materials regarding the decline of the Harappan civilization. In recent times, the most discussed theory on the decline of Harappa has been that of the drying up of the Ghaggar-Hakra rivers which are often identified with the Rig Vedic Sarasvati river.
Now, many archaeologists feel that we should look at the decline of Harappa from an altogether different angle. They believe that instead of the downfall of the civilisation, we could perhaps simply call it a process of gradual de-urbanisation of the Harappan civilisation. Whatever may be the cause behind this de-urbanisation, scholars have always remained sure that a group of Harappan people had migrated towards the east. The discovery of late-Harappan sites such as Alamgirpur, Hulas, Mandi, Sanauli and so on is nothing but examples of eastward migration of the civilisation.
But the unique case of finding of mature Harappan kiln-fired bricks at Raghopur Diara, about 1100 kilometres southeast of Alamgirpur, is sure to perplex archaeologists. The main question doing the rounds is that if the sites in Uttar Pradesh are known as late-Harappan sites, how can mature Harappan civilisation travel further eastward?
Therefore, scholars may now have to trace the entire course and span of Harappan civilisation anew if more associated Harappan materials are excavated from Raghopur Diara or its surroundings that authenticate the importance of the primary finding. The context of a finding is of utmost importance in archaeology. The findings have sent archaeologists across the country in a tizzy and many of them are already set to go to Raghopur Diara to survey the area in search of more clues.
If Raghopur Diara is established as a mature Harappan site, it will not only throw in the bin many theories on the civilisation and its decline but will also warrant a great deal of rewriting of the course of the civilisation, and therefore our history. But for now, we will have to wait for the results of the explorations which are going to be conducted by archaeologists.
and took to Twitter to air their views
A mother-of-two who never punishes their children or tells them no felt the wrath of This Morning viewers on Twitter today after they aired their controversial parenting tips.
Bea Marshall, 38, from Sheffield, is an advocate of 'yes parenting' and said they never punishes their sons Peep, 11, and Jos, 10, if they do something wrong.
Instead they encourage them to learn right from wrong by asking them to think about their own behaviour and how it made other people feel.
Scroll down for video
Bea Marshall revealed on today's This Morning that they believe it is wrong to punish children for misbehaving
Kelly Rose Bradford, left, disagreed with Bea's approach to parenting as they said children need boundaries
They explained: 'If my child exhibits unwanted behaviour whether knowing or unknowing I will say to them "I felt cross or sad or frustrated by what you did. I want you to respect our home, and me, would you be willing to explain to me why you did that?"'
They said if they are 'not willing' to explain than 'that is fine' and they would never shout at them or take away any privileges as a result of them misbehaving.
The mother believes their approach - which they teach to other families in their role as a parenting coach - is the right one because they said children should not feel fearful of their parents.
Bea, who separated from their children's father in 2013, said: 'There is a difference between having authority and having power over someone, fear is a contracting emotion.
'I want my children to have a sense of self and to act from internal motivators, not external ones.
'We have to help children establish their own boundaries but not punish them for making mistakes.'
They appeared on today's This Morning to share their views following the news that parents in New Mexico had punished their teenage son for stealing their sister's MP3 player by banishing them to a tent for a month.
As Bea, right, told presenters Eamonn Holmes and Ruth Langsford about their parenting techniques, viewers took to Twitter to criticise them for not wearing shoes
Bea said they disagreed with their method as it doesn't address the 'positive intention' behind their theft.
They said punishing a child this way is tantamount to abuse.
'It is at the start of a very slippery slope,' they said. 'Any form of punishment puts a parent in a position of power over their child.
'The child then become powerless and you are using fear and control to manage your child's behaviour.'
Mother-of-one Kelly Rose Bradford, 42, disagreed with Bea's opinion and approach to parenting.
They appeared alongside them on the sofa and said it is important for children to know that the parent is the boss.
They said: 'Children need boundaries. As parents were are not there to be their friends. Fear of punishment is a good thing. Children shouldn't be frightened of their parents but they should be frightened of what could happen if they misbehave. It shouldn't be an equal relationship. We need to reign children in.'
Presenter and father-of-four Eamonn Holmes agreed with Kelly, saying children 'won't respect authority if they are never disciplined.'
Bea, right, tells fellow mother Kelly that children should learn the difference between right and wrong without being in fear of their parents
Looking at some of the comments coming in from viewers on their iPad as the segment aired, they said they could barely find anyone who agreed with Bea's relaxed approached to parenting.
They told her: 'Almost universally noone agrees with you.'
Viewers who tweeted the show to say Bea was talking 'utter drivel' included Melissa Judd who Tweeted: 'It's this lax attitude if Bea's parenting ideas that is making kids these days have no respect for anything.'
Sharon agreed writing: 'If we allow our children to feel in charge then we'll have more unruly young adults in years to come.'
My daughter is 8 and we have never disciplined them We get down to their level and explain why they did something wrong
Leanne Wells said: 'What is this woman on!! Children need discipline.'
Kimmie added that Bea 'needed to learn how to be a real parent.'
Others were as offended by their appearance as their parenting advice, criticising them for having a lip piercing and for not wearing shoes on the show.
Raychel Ox tweeted: 'I wouldn't take parenting advice from someone who doesn't wear shoes on live TV' while Mel B called Bea a 'nut' for 'having no shoes on telling us how not to discipline bad behaviour.'
However, there were some viewers who did take their side, with Gail Mayne writing that they 'totally gets' where Bea is coming from and criticised Eamonn and their wife Ruth for this 'biased' interview.
Daryl Hemsell said they also took Bea's approach writing: 'My daughter is 8 and we have never disciplined them We get down to their level and explain why they did something wrong.'
Bea has previously shared their parenting tips with FEMAILS' Jill Foster, who they invited into their three bed home in 2014 to see their technique in action.
They told her: 'I aim to say yes to anything my children want, whether that's sweets before dinner, drawing on the walls or watching a film at 10pm. I encourage my sons to make their own decisions.'
Bea said their 'yes parenting' approach began when using disciplining techniques recommended by Supernanny Jo Frost - such as putting children on the 'naughty step' - didn't work for them
This Morning viewers took to Twitter to slam Bea's views saying children need discipline
They explain: 'There was one week where three things happened and I realised I couldn't keep doing the Supernanny thing.
'The first was when I heard Peep ask one of my friends for a drink and they didn't say "please". I rushed over but my friend said: "Bea, it's all right, I've never taught my children how to say please or thank you - they learn it over time because they watch what you do."
'A couple of days later, a friend said a similar thing about "sorry". Finally, I watched a mother and child having a tussle over whether or not they should wear their coat. Their mother thought they would get cold if they didn't wear it. As I watched them I had a lightbulb moment and thought: "Don't make them wear it. If they get cold, they will come and get their coat."
'It was a real turning point. I realised I didn't want to control my children and started looking online for positive parenting models.'
Some viewers criticised Bea for not wearing shoes as they appeared on the daytime show
They said at first, letting the children have whatever they wanted did lead to some unhealthy behaviour but after preserving, they have now learnt their own boundaries.
They said: 'When I started saying yes to everything and Peep went through what I can only describe as a binge period. They wanted ice cream every day instead of cereal, he'd fill up on sweets and choose a bowl of custard before theirs dinner.
'He'd force themselves to stay awake as suddenly I wasn't setting bedtime any more and would watch cartoons for hours. After about two months I thought: "Oh no, have I made a huge mistake here?" but I kept reading and trusting it and it worked.
There were some watching who thought Bea had a point and agreed with their parenting techniques
'After three months, Peep decided they didn't want ice cream for their breakfast any more and now has it only very occasionally. Even then he'll only have about one scoop and ask for fruit or yoghurt instead.
'Now both my boys have very healthy attitudes towards food. Neither overeats. They rarely ask for seconds - because they know they can have them if they want them.
The above screenshot claiming to represent iOS 8 just showed up on a Weibo account. Even though the source of the images is absolutely uncertain, I have confirmed with several sources that these shots are legitimate. Earlier today, I detailed the new Preview and TextEdit apps shown above, and I previously discussed Healthbook. I'll have more news on Healthbook in the coming weeks. Until then, you can check out a higher-resolution mockup of the Healthbook icon below. I'm not sure what the Tips icon is for, but it is probably a user-guide of some sort. Of course, it's plausible that the icons are works in progress. More images below:
More images from Weibo:
A Settings screen also from Weibo:
Healthbook icon mockup by Michael Steeber (red = Blood pressure, green = heart rate, orange = calories burned)
[tweet https://twitter.com/tapbot_paul/status/444128694286573570/photo/1]
[tweet https://twitter.com/CSZhang/status/444129160102178816]
Ft. Collins, CO, November 14, 2011 – New Belgium Brewing (www.newbelgium.com), today announced the final two releases in its 2011 Lips of Faith series. Fresh Hop India Pale Ale and Prickly Passion Saison, described respectively as deliciously bitter and ostentatious, aren't shy about their bold Belgian flavors. The Lips of Faith series offers limited edition beers that showcase New Belgium's more esoteric and palate-elevating creations.
Fresh Hop packs a citrus punch of Amarillo, Centennial and Cascade hops, straight off the vine in Washington State. This brazen and deliciously bitter IPA pours deeply golden with the slight haze of a really hoppy beer. The array of hops gives a sharp blast, but the finish is light and dry. IBU: 70; ABV: 7%.
In a fruit medley of passion fruit and prickly pear, Prickly Passion Saison is New Belgium's return to farmhouse ales. The fruit juices combine with the tropical esters of an earthy Saison yeast, creating a broad and reaching mango-like character. Deemed “ostentatiously amber,” this Lips selection is guaranteed to provoke the palate. ABV 8.5%.
“We opted not to make our fourth quarter Lips selections exceptionally wintery or heavy,” said New Belgium brewer Grady Hull. “Instead, we are hosting a hops harvest party and bringing uncommon fruit selections to the table, both of which sparkle with holiday flavor.”
Fresh Hop and Prickly Passion Saison are available now through February while supplies last. Pricing varies by market.
To find New Belgium beers in your area, you can use the New Belgium Libation Location tool: http://www.newbelgium.com/beer.aspx. You can also follow New Belgium on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/newbelgium.
About New Belgium Brewing Company
New Belgium Brewing Company, makers of Fat Tire Amber Ale and a host of Belgian-inspired beers, began operations in a tiny Fort Collins basement in 1991. Today, the third largest craft brewer in the U.S., New Belgium produces nine year-round beers; Fat Tire Amber Ale, Sunshine Wheat, Ranger IPA, Belgo IPA, Blue Paddle Pilsner, 1554 Black Ale, Abbey, Mothership Wit and Trippel, as well as a host of seasonal releases. In addition to producing world-class beers, New Belgium takes pride in being a responsible corporate role model with progressive programs such as employee ownership, open book management and a commitment to environmental flight attendantship. For more information, visit www.newbelgium.com.
On Monday the Taliban killed 10 French soldiers and wounded 21 in an audacious ambush not far from the Afghan capital, Kabul.
In the past year the Islamic, ethnic Pushtun militia, has vastly expanded its territorial influence and eroded the sketchy writ of Hamid Karzai's government.
Senior US officials have leaked to the media Washington's frustration with the Pakistani government's inability to control the Taliban's alleged backers, the Inter-Services Intelligence directorate (ISI).
US officials claimed that intelligence intercepts prove that the agency was involved in the July 7 bombing of the Indian embassy in Kabul. The Pakistani army strongly denies the allegation.
But the civilian government is powerless to confront the agency. The ruling Pakistan People's Party (PPP) prime minister, Yusuf Raza Gilani, announced on the eve of a trip to Washington last month that the ISI had been brought under the control of the interior minister.
They were forced by the army to retract the statement at 3am the following day.
Similarly a week later, Sherry Rehman, the PPP's information minister, was forced to withdraw their call for Taliban sympathisers to be rooted out of the ISI.
Until recently, American suspicion of ISI involvement with the Taliban had been offset by Pakistan's capture and rendition of senior terrorists such as the mastermand of al-Qa'eda Sept 11 attacks, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.
A power vacuum following Pervez Musharraf's loss of military command last year has enabled hardliners within the Pakistani army to press their agenda more actively both in Afghanistan and on its eastern border, in Kashmir.
Many of the ISI's ideological and strategic convictions were formed in the 1980s, when it commanded and armed Islamic militias against Soviet troops in Afghanistan at the behest of the US.
CIA officials have pointed to continued links between the ISI and the Soviet-era veterans such as Jalaluddin Haqqani, who is believed to maintain close ties to senior figures of al-Qaeda in Pakistan's tribal areas.
The Pakistani establishment is suspicious of America's regional ambitions and wary of "encirclement" as its arch-foe, India, increases its influence in Afghanistan.
Pakistan has lost over 1,500 soldiers fighting against militants near the Afghan border. Sections of the army wish to regain Pakistan's "strategic depth" across its Western border that was lost followed the toppling of their Taliban allies in 2001.
Pakistani officials accuse India of using its consulates in Afghanistan to supply arms and training to separatists fighting in Balochistan.
The ISI's role is complex. It has backed tribal militias to take on foreign militants in the tribal areas; and at other times it appears to be fighting an internal war as several deadly attacks by Islamic militants with links to the agency have been launched against ISI officers.
Pakistan's former president, Pervez Musharraf, acknowledged that some retired Pakistani intelligence officials may still be involved in supporting the Taliban.
A senior Western diplomat told The Daily Telegraph last year that the army chief, who was then head of the ISI, Gen Ashfaq Kiyani, had briefed ambassadors in Islamabad on how they were attempting to clamp down on rogue agents within their organisation.
The limits on how far a leader can push against Pakistan's old habit of using jihadi proxies – the army is estimated to have trained tens of thousands of them– was underscored by several assassination plots against Mr Musharraf which involved serving members of the armed forces.
Like with many other intelligence agencies, it is difficult to tell how much the ISI operates "off-piste" and how effective is the control directed from above.
Retired senior ISI officers claim that the agency has lost control of the jihadis it created.
But as is the case with some Afghan Taliban leaders, senior jihadis have been arrested to please the West and then quietly released.
Here's a thought experiment for those of us who live in cities and spend far too much mental energy on our neighbors: Let's say that an apartment is opening up in your building, one floor below yours, and by some miraculous breach of the urban space-time continuum, you're allowed to pick the new tenant. But, because your city's new mayor wants to establish some liberal cred and distinguish themselves from the market-driven ruthlessness of their predecessor's real-estate policies, a new law stipulates that the apartment be set aside for an artist: a dancer, a musician, a painter, a fashion designer, an actor, or a writer. You're all for supporting creativity, but you're also for your own peace and quiet. The dancer is out, as is a musician of any kind. A painter might be nice, but what if their work consists of shooting paint cans, like William Burroughs, or they have noisy affairs with their models? The designer might cast sideways glances at your Birkenstocks when you cross paths by the mailboxes. Actors like to practice their lines in the mirror, plus there's the risk of Method shenanigans.
So you choose the writer and go about your business, blissfully unbothered. Some days pass, without a sound. Then the letters start coming. They are winsome and solicitous and erudite, but they have a consistent, definite point. “Madame,” they begin. “I hope you won't find me too indiscreet. There's been a lot of noise these past few days and as I'm not well, I'm more sensitive to it.” “If the hammering must be done in the morning, might it be done in the part of your apartment that is above my kitchen, not my bedroom.” “If there's too much noise on Sunday morning I won't be able to get out of bed until the afternoon.” The problem in the building isn't him. The problem is you.
In the London Review of Books a few weeks ago, Michael Wood brought to the attention of the English-speaking world “Lettres à sa voisine,” a book of the recently discovered cache of letters that Marcel Proust sent to their upstairs neighbors at 102 Boulevard Haussmann, where they lived from late 1906 through the spring of 1919. (The book was published in France last fall; New Directions is working on an English translation.) Proust, who lived in their parents' home until after their mother died, when they came into enough money to get their own place, moved into the building when they were thirty-five. Their apartment had belonged to their great-uncle; as Edmund White notes in their biography of the writer, they had inherited a quarter of the building but foolishly let their aunt buy out their share, leaving them a renter. Proust had once been a man about town, but by the time they moved to Boulevard Haussmann their terrible asthma kept them inside. They worked in their bedroom, which they eventually soundproofed with squares of cork, and kept the windows closed and the curtains drawn to keep out the dust and hubbub of the avenue below. Still, these measures weren't sufficient to block the intrusions of Charles Williams, an American dentist who kept their office on the third floor, directly above Proust's apartment, and Marie Williams, who lived with their husband and son upstairs.
It seems almost too perfect that Proust, the bedridden invalid, would have sent notes upstairs, sometimes by messenger, sometimes through the post, to implore the Williamses to nail shut the crates containing their summer luggage in the evening, rather than in the morning, so that they could be better timed around their asthma attacks. (Is there a trove somewhere of Baudelaire's letters to their pharmacist, begging for a remedy for absinthe hangovers?) But such is life in the city: things outside force their way in. As I'm writing this, the kid upstairs is practicing their jump shot, and I can tell you what time they leaf for school in the morning, and what their mother yells at them to get them out the door. I know that the little dog downstairs gets walked at nine in the morning and at midnight. When the guy in the next building over pulls out their electric guitar, the vibrations shake my bed.
This stuff can drive you to insanity, and often does, but Proust's letters to the Williamses are full of wit and playful decorum, inspired by the necessity of nagging yet hardly disgruntled in tone or spirit. Practical requests are folded in with winning pleasantries. The word “noise” appears often, though so does the word charmant, as in, “Alas on coming home in the grip of the most violent attack I find your charming letter,” or “If your charming son, innocent of the noise that martyrizes me, is nearby, please give them my best wishes.” Proust doesn't date their letters (the editors give approximations), but they do note, pointedly, that he's writing at one in the morning. They send up little gifts to apologize for making so many demands: “I hope that you will accept these four pheasants with the same ease with which I offer them to you as a neighbor.” This graceful flourish, accompanied by some articles of theirs that they hope M. Williams might find interesting, is followed by a new demand: Could the next round of hammering happen the day after tomorrow after seven in the evening, because if it goes on in the morning there's no chance of getting any rest during the day and going out will be impossible?
It was Marie, as the book's title indicates, with whom Proust carried on the bulk of the correspondence; twenty-three of the twenty-six letters in the volume are addressed to them Spread out from 1908 to 1916, this doesn't seem like all that many, though maybe the two had other ways of communicating. Proust kept a telephone in their bedroom until the First World War broke out, and had a separate contraption called a théâtrophone that allowed them to listen to live concerts through the receiver. Marie played the harp; did they sometimes call them up when insomnia struck to ask them to hold the receiver in their lap as they gently plucked the strings?
There is a warmth and affection, plus a sprinkling of flirtatious flattery, in Proust's letters to Marie, and, it seems, in their letters to him, though we have only their half of the exchange. The noise almost seems like an excuse to drop them a line. They write to them of their work—La Nouvelle Revue Française was publishing extracts of “In Search of Lost Time,” which they sent her—and of their music. In a letter that the editors of the collection have dated to March 1915, they tell them that their close friend Bertrand de Fénelon has been killed in combat. Marie's brother, too, has just died. “I didn't think that God could add to my pain, when I learned of yours,” Proust writes. “And I've so fallen into the habit, without knowing you, of sympathizing with your sorrows and your joys, through the partition where I feel you invisible and present, that the news of the death of Monsieur your brother has deeply distressed me.” This subtle crossing of partitions, physical and mental, this delicate art of sympathetic spying, is vital to any novelist's work. Certainly it is vital to Proust's, and their condolence note is also a kind of confession. Proust is telling Marie that, during their eight years of living next to one another, they have come to occupy real space in their imagination. That is where they know them best.
Anyone who lives cheek by jowl with relative strangers is familiar with this compulsive imagining, though it rarely takes such a sympathetic cast. I lie awake late at night, listening to the scratchings and bumps rattling the floorboards over my head, and think, along with Tom Waits, What's they building in there? We want the neighbors to shut up, or at least for some benevolent aliens to beam them away and leave us to get a good night's sleep. But on they go, making their mysterious noises. Lydia Davis has a story, called “Mildred and the Oboe,” that begins: “Last night Mildred, my neighbor on the floor below, masturbated with an oboe.” The narrator of the story is lying in bed with a book, listening, in spite of herself, to Mildred's performance, and wondering what it is. “I could feel their pleasure pass up through the floorboards into my room. Of course there might have been another explanation for what I heard. Perhaps it was not the oboe but the player of the oboe who was penetrating Mildred. Or perhaps Mildred was striking their small nervous dog with something slim and musical, like an oboe.” But then, what are our neighbors thinking about us? Charles Kinbote, the narrator of “Pale Fire” and one of the creepiest neighbors in literature, inadvertently puts it best: “Later in life we learn that we are those ‘others.' ”
Escape from the city is one possibility. In Philip Roth's “Zuckerman Unbound,” Zuckerman, rocketed to fame and fortune by a book that looks a lot like “Portnoy's Complaint,” is set upon by anyone and everyone in New York—on the bus, in a coffee shop, in front of a funeral parlor. They come to ogle him, or to complain about their scandalous, sex-ridden novel, or to tell them what to do with their money. “I am only a neighbor,” one says. “It's not my affair. Never mind.” Falser words were never spoken. Some novels later, Zuckerman ends up leaving the big city for the monastic peace of the Berkshires, though not before falling in love, in “The Counterlife,” with Maria Freshfield, the woman who lives with their husband and little daughter in the apartment upstairs from his.
In an essay on Saul Bellow, from 2000, Roth wonders if, at the outset of their career, “Bellow shied away from seizing Chicago as theirs because they didn't want to be known as a Chicago writer, any more, perhaps, than they wanted to be known as a Jewish writer.” Someone like Bellow probably had other ambitions, Roth writes, “inspired by your European masters, by Dostoyevsky, Gogol, Proust, Kafka, and such ambitions don't include writing about the neighbors gabbing on the back porch.”
Maybe not—then again, maybe so. Proust, we now realize, was, along with everything else, a neighbor, too. We who toss and turn, fantasizing about the exquisitely cutting emails we'll never have the guts to send to the invisible others keeping us awake, are happy to have them on our team.
_
Photograph © Peter Marlow/Magnum.
So, who's Who? That depends on your perspective, but as fans celebrate the appointment of actor Peter Capaldi to the role of the 12th incarnation of Doctor Who, comes news that another actor, Bill Nighy, turned the role down.
Recent reports also suggest that Idris Elba, the star of British drama series Luther and sci-fi blockbuster Pacific Rim, also turned down the role.
Bill Nighy turned down the role of the Doctor in Doctor Who. Credit:Edwina Pickles
When Nighy was asked about the role, they replied by saying: "I won't tell you when because the rule is that you are not allowed to say you turned that job down because it's disrespectful to whoever did it.
"I will say that I was approached. But I didn't want to be the Doctor. No disrespect to Doctor Who or anything, I just think that it comes with too much baggage." Nighy had only positive words for Capaldi, who won the role.
The first major broadcast domino has fallen. In response to crashing ratings, plummeting ticket sales, and a public backlash fueled by none other than the leader of the free world, Fox Sports has decided to cry Uncle! Becoming the first major NFL broadcast partner to publicly say that they will no longer air the national anthem.
Instead, Fox Sports is now saying that they will go back to what they had done in the past, namely, not showing the playing of the anthem during game broadcasts, according to Newsday.
Calling this year, “one of the more bizarre starts to the season that we have ever had,” Fox Sports President Eric Shanks released a statement saying: “The standard procedure is not to show them because of the way the commercial format works and the timing of the anthem to get to the kickoff,” Shanks said Tuesday at an event to promote Fox's soccer coverage of the 2018 World Cup. “So I think we're going to pay attention to events.
“Who knows what's going to happen? A lot of time is happening between now and then. But I think the plan would be to get back to a normal schedule. I think that's where we sit today on a Tuesday . . . It seems like there's more than 24 hours in a day now, doesn't there?”
But liberal sports reporters are already crying foul with the move to “get back to football.”
Matt Yoder of Awful Announcing, for instance, is furious with Fox for taking away the players' forum to protest against the country, especially because it will cut off a way to attack Donald Trump.
Yoder slammed Fox saying, “it's impossible to go back to a normal schedule now when the NFL and its athletes are in the middle of a culture war with the sitting President of the United States.
“The anthem will be a huge story this week and likely will be throughout the remainder of the season as well,” the Awful Announcing writer insisted.
Clearly, Yoder and their liberal media pals want the turmoil to continue, want fans enraged even more, and want to give players who hate the country a platform to announce it to the world.
Yet, Yoder fails to realize something crucial to the equation: Fox didn't decide to not air the anthem in order to sabotage the athletes in their “culture war” with President Trump. They decided to not air the anthem because the athletes have already lost the culture war with Donald Trump.
A fact that's been driven home in a recent national survey which showed, not just how wildly unpopular the NFL protests have become, but also that most Americans agree with the president. If the athletes had won the battle of public opinion, and most Americans were either supportive or neutral to their cause, then the networks wouldn't hesitate to show it. However, the athletes lost the battle over public opinion, bigly.
Which is why many teams are beginning to abandon the protest movement.
Remember, despite the claim that these protests are not against the flag, the country, or our soldiers, that is absolutely not what the instigator of these protests said.
In their own words, former San Francisco 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick specifically said that their protests were a stand against the U.S.A.
This is what Kaepernick said of their protests last August:
I am not going to stand up to show pride in a flag for a country that oppresses black people and people of color. To me, this is bigger than football, and it would be selfish on my part to look the other way. There are bodies in the street and people getting paid leave and getting away with murder
In their own words, they told us they couldn't stand up for the flag or the country.
So, don't fall for the revisionism. These protests are set to occur during the song that pays homage to this great nation, and the inventor of the protests was counting on just that to erect the platform for their stand against the United States of America.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston.
Written by Andrew Hofmeyer for African Budget Safari's
Imagine the possibility of walking with pangolins. Adrian Steirn's recent photographic series The Pangolin Men captures a unique and exceptional scenario of beasts and men. The images are captivating. The skin of the minders glows as they walk alongside these armour-plated, cat-size mammals. It is intriguing to wake up and discover the possibility of something that you never knew existed. I scratched a little to find out more about these images, about pangolins and the Pangolin Men.
Pangolin: The Most Trafficked Mammal in the World
Let's not beat around the bush. This diminutive mammal is under threat of extinction before most people even know it is in danger. For the pangolin this is the reality. There are eight species of pangolin, four in Asia and another four in Africa. The appetite of the Asian black market has seen millions of these mammals butchered for their meat and their scales. While the flesh is considered a delicacy, the scales – made of keratin – are used in a powdered form to treat anything from stomach cramps to impotency.
In June 2016 a shipment of 4 tonnes of pangolin scales was seized in Hong Kong. Pause for a second to process this figure which represents a conservative estimate of 10-20% of the actual trade. One shipment from one place. Not of heavy flesh and blood wriggling animal but dry, lifeless, nail-like scales. While a live pangolin, bones and all, can weigh between 2 and 35 kgs, the dry weight in scales is a fraction of this. 4 tonnes of confiscated scales represents between 1100 and 6600 wild animals. In Pangolin numbers this drop in an ocean of illegal trafficking represents the demise of a species.
The Tikki Hywood Trust
Lisa Hywood founded the Tikki Hywood Trust in 1994 in the memory of their father who they say “looked to the future with optimism”. It is this ethos that drives the Trust's work, an ethos says Lisa, that has not changed in over 20 years.
The Trust has a three pronged approach, Conservation, Legislation and Education and they all have an important role to play. “It's no good” says Lisa “if the law enforcement officers don't know what the penalties are or the judges aren't aware of the sentences”. Education for the Tikki Hywood Trust means a focus on ALL stake-holders, the public (especially children) and conservation personal as well as law enforcement from police officers to judges.
In addition to this the Trust focuses on changing legislation itself. Lisa pointed out that South Africa has the strongest legislation for pangolin trafficking. If caught in possession of a pangolin the fine in South Africa is a whopping US$ 694000 and 10 years imprisonment. However, they drove their point home by asking me if I knew how many convictions there had been? “None?” I ventured. “Exactly”. There is a massive disconnect between the laws, the judiciary, law enforcement and conservation. If all stakeholders are not informed and aware then criminals and poachers simply fall through the cracks.
In Zimbabwe, on the other hand, the approach of educating all stakeholders has yielded tangible results. “We have 9 years on first offence, 11 years on second offence and a $5000 fine. In 2015, 47 pangolin poachers were sentenced to 9 years in jail”. Magistrate Tendai Mahwe said “This is a serious offence which is now prevalent and deterrent sentences are called for if pangolins are not to face extinction”. With sentences like this being passed it results in a substantial deterrent for would-be poachers.
Lisa is adamant that conservation is all about awareness. Knowing about the plight of pangolins, who to contact and what to do translates directly into saving pangolin lives across the globe. “Conservation is about all of us, not just one animal. We need all the animals”. In addition to this Lisa says that for her, conservation is a team effort. Enter the Pangolin Men and Adrian Steirn.
The Pangolin Men
“It was a moment where time stood still” says Lisa Hywood recalling their first encounter with a trafficked pangolin. “I received this foul smelling sack and inside was this heavy lump. When I opened it there was this one eye looking at me. It was the saddest most enduring eye that I have ever experienced. In that one look I felt that they understood me and I had no idea about her”.
This particular pangolin, a female who Lisa called Negomo, survived the early days of the Trust's ignorance. Through working with her, Lisa realised that pangolins, like baby elephants, needed specialised one-on-one care and attention to successfully rehabilitate them and return them to the wild. “I would spend many many hours just foraging and walking and looking and watching and studying these animals to see if I could get an inner idea as to what we were missing, why were these animals so difficult to keep in captivity”. Lisa realised fairly quickly that their best chance of recovery and survival meant being in as natural an environment as possible.
“A pangolin will forage from anywhere between 3 to 4 plus hours” they say “so it is quite a labour intensive job”. Rescued pangolins are often extremely compromised, suffering from stress, malnutrition and dehydration. The pangolin minder accompanies the pangolin into the bush so that they can forage without being disturbed. A relationship naturally develops between the minders and the pangolins.
The Pangolin Men are employed by the Tikki Hywood Trust who screen and vet candidates. “It is a process that is fairly lengthy and stringent and we look for specific qualities in each individual”. Individuals are then trained in all things pangolin. Every day the pangolins are weighed, observations are recorded, the temperature, weather conditions and the movement of the pangolins. Lisa, resident zoologist Ellen Connelly and local and international vets are co-authoring papers about pangolins. The data collected is being used to make a real contribution to our knowledge and understanding of pangolin behaviour.
The work that the Pangolin Men do is fundamental to the lives of these animals. It is the relationship between these men and the pangolins that is so captivating. Today there are 20 of these Pangolin Men.
Collaboration is Key
For the last three years, the Tikki Hywood Trust has been working with Patrick Mavros Jewellers to create a range of pangolin inspired jewellery. Through this collaboration Adrian Steirn was invited to capture the images of these men as they walked with the pangolins.
Having a natural affinity with animals naturally lead Adrian to wildlife photography and today they travel around the world capturing rarely seen and exotic animals. On shooting the Pangolin Men Adrian says “It was amazing. I've been shooting in the bush for many years and I have never seen a pangolin in the wild. To go in there and have an opportunity to get the access to photograph those men and what they do every single day was truly something that I cherished”. ­­­
“I always wanted to tell stories that create positive change” says Adrian. To translate the world into a single image that conveys at a glance the importance of the subject matter is a huge challenge. “I wanted to ensure that people sat up and looked and watched and understood and incentivise people who may not be very green or conservation focussed to be enthralled by the beauty of the natural world and I guess, let art pull them into the space where they cared for the first time”.
The result is the series of photographs called the Pangolin Men which appeared on Steirn's project “Beautiful News”. The photos were launched in London alongside the Patrick Mavros Jewellery collection and a percentage of proceeds from both collections will go directly to the Tikki Hywood Trust.
Looking to the Future with Optimism
Despite working with these creatures for over twenty years, Lisa says that the first time they made it into the news was 2015 and 2016. The focus is always on the flagship species. While this is important and needed it also leaves a whole host of animals in the blind-spot of mainstream media. The pangolin is one of these casualties, and bears the unfortunate title of the most trafficked animal in the world.
In October of 2016 at the CITES convention in Johannesburg, all eight pangolin species were bumped up into Appendix 1, meaning that all trade in the animals is prohibited by international law. I asked Lisa Hywood if they were pleased about this and was rather surprised and sobered at their response. “The fact that we are only doing this now means that we have already failed them”.
It is not all doom and gloom though and they continued to say that, as an African, they were incredibly proud to see the African delegates take responsibility and act unanimously in favour of protecting these animals. When I asked them what people in cities, at home, in other countries – people who are disconnected from the ‘wild' in their day-to-day lives – can do to contribute towards the process of conservation, they replied without hesitation:
“wildlife touches each and every one of us, take responsibility”
Further Information and Links:
http://www.tikkihywoodtrust.org/
http://beautifulnews.news24.com/
http://www.adriansteirn.com/
https://www.facebook.com/adriansteirn/
Tea Party Express Chair Amy Kremer said on Tuesday that Republicans in the House of Representatives had passed “clean” government funding bills to “delay Obamacare” and “defund Obamacare.”
As the government was entering the second week of a shutdown on Monday, President Barack Obama called on House Speaker John Boehner (R-OH) to allow members to vote on what's called a “clean” continuing resolution (CR), which would reopen the government without stopping the health care reform law.
“The House should hold that vote today,” the president said. “If Republicans and Speaker Boehner are saying there are not enough votes, they should prove it.”
While speaking with MSNBC's Chris Jansing on Tuesday, Kremer made it clear that Republicans had a different definition of “clean.”
“President Obama keeps saying bring a CR — bring a clean CR to the floor let them vote on it,” Kremer said. “Well, my question is, why doesn't [Senate Majority Leader] Harry Reid bring the clean defund Obamacare [bill] to the floor and let the Senate vote on it? Why doesn't they bring the clean delay Obamacare bill to the floor and let them vote on that?”
“I mean, it goes both ways,” they added. “They're both responsible.”
Watch this video from MSNBC, broadcast Oct. 8, 2013.
EDMONTON—A Canadian army veteran who recently fought with Kurdish forces in Syria has been detained by immigration authorities in Australia, according to their parents.
Robert Somerville left northern Syria last month and was attempting to visit their father in Australia when they were taken to a detention centre in Brisbane.  They are to be deported this week.
“He told me they were refused because they didn't put their Kurdish name on their paperwork,” their father Richard Somerville, an Ontario man currently living in Australia, said Tuesday.
They said their son was not a dangerous person and should not have been detained. “For someone who would have been treated like a hero in Canada to be treated like a criminal in Australia is shocking,” they said.
A veteran of the Princess Patricia's Canadian Light Infantry's C Company in Edmonton, Somerville served in Afghanistan in 2009 and 2010. They traveled to Syria last year as a volunteer.
They told the National Post in an interview last summer they had joined the Kurdish Peoples Protection Units, or YPG, because of the atrocities committed by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
They narrowly escaped a suicide car bombing attack by ISIL, and early in 2016 left for Thailand before arriving in Australia on Monday. Australia has strict foreign fighter laws.
“We are aware of a Canadian citizen involved in legal and administrative issues in Australia,” François Lasalle, a Global Affairs Canada spokesperson, said Tuesday. “Canadian officials in Australia are in contact with the individual and providing consular assistance.”
In a Facebook message Tuesday, Somerville told the Post their Australian visa had been cancelled and they were being held at a detention centre. They expected to be deported on Thursday.
“I invited Robert to come to Australia, to stay with me and get to meet their half brothers and sister,” their father said. They said they had paid for their son's plane ticket from Thailand.
On Monday, they got a phone call from an Australian customs officer asking if they were expecting a visitor. “I told them yes and I had some money for him.” With no indication anything was amiss, they left to pick up their son but Robert never showed up.
When they got home there was a message from Robert saying they had been detained. The father said they had notified Canadian foreign affairs officials, who said they would check on Robert but could not interfere with the Australian decision.
“He is not a dangerous person, I have the funds to support him, he's not going to over stay their visa,” said the father, who had encouraged their son to join the Canadian military, which they did in 2007.
The parents were unaware Robert had gone to Syria until they received a Facebook message from them saying they were fighting ISIL. “I'm concerned for their safety but I'm behind them 100%,” the father said last year.
In messages from Syria, Somerville said they had been putting their medical training to use, in one case helping two kids and a father who had stepped on a mine. They were later involved in helping the Kurds push ISIL out of the northern region.
About 20 Canadians have made their way to Syria to fight with Kurdish forces battling ISIL, including John Gallagher, who died last November and was given a hero's welcome when their body was repatriated to Ontario.
Another Canadian was detained for several weeks in Iraq before returning to Canada. But none has been arrested in Canada, although the RCMP and Canadian Security Intelligence Service have met with some of them.
US and EU urged to cut biofuels
Biofuels can be made from crops like wheat and rapeseed World Bank President Robert Zoellick has called for reform of biofuel policies in rich countries, urging them to grow more food to feed the hungry. They were speaking at the G8 summit in Japan, where soaring food and fuel prices are top of the agenda. The G8 leaders have been holding talks with seven African leaders. UN chief Ban Ki-moon - also at the summit - urged the group to tackle the "interconnected" challenges of climate change, food prices and development. Speaking on the sidelines of the summit on Hokkaido island, Mr Zoellick said biofuels - transport fuels made from crops - had made a contribution to food price rises. They laid particular blame on fuels made from corn and rapeseed produced in the United States and the EU. "The US and Europe also need to take action to reduce mandates, subsidies and tariffs benefiting grain and oil seed biofuels that take food off the table for millions," they said.
G8 summit: The key issues UK to slow expansion of biofuels Japanese island locks down In pictures: G8 protests Mr Zoellick also urged the G8 to increase food aid and reduce trade barriers on farming products. The three-day summit is being held at the resort town of Toyako. As the meeting began, Mr Ban urged G8 leaders to help tackle the food crisis by delivering "the full range of immediate needs, including food assistance as well as seeds, fertiliser and other inputs for this year's planning cycle". They also told reporters that governments should commit to long-term agricultural investment and lift export restrictions "in particular for humanitarian purposes". Their comments came on the same day that the UK announced it would slow its adoption of biofuels amid "increasing questions" about them. "We need to proceed cautiously until we can be certain that their expanded growth and use maximises the benefits and minimises the risks to our world," said government minister Ruth Kelly. Aid pledges Leaders from the G8 nations - Britain, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Russia and the United States - are being joined by counterparts from some 15 other countries, including seven African states. The best way to help the impoverished around the world is through trade
US President George W Bush
Charity in sanitation plea Action urged on childbirth deaths The impact on the global economy of price rises and other shocks such as the credit crunch have eclipsed other concerns, correspondents say. The EU has already been spelling out plans to alleviate the food crisis. European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso told reporters that the proposed 1bn euro ($1.6bn; £800m) fund to help poor farmers in developing countries would come from unused EU subsidies. The G8 leaders are also facing tough questions on aid commitments to Africa. Campaigners say they are falling short of pledges made at a G8 meeting three years ago to double aid to the continent by 2010. Anti-G8 activists are using the summit to stage protests "They're gradually stepping away from the promises they've made," Oxfam's Max Lawson told AFP news agency. As well as discussing development issues in Africa, the G8 leaders have been raising Robert Mugabe's controversial re-election in Zimbabwe last month. US President George W Bush said: "I am extremely disappointed in the elections which I labelled a sham election." Tanzanian President Jakaya Kikwete, who is also head of the African Union, said the whole continent shared President Bush's concerns but that there was disagreement over what to do about it. President Kikwete called for a unity government, and said they were optimistic that "as friends at the end of the day we'll come to an understanding". Protesters have been holding marches in Sapporo, the city closest to the venue, to demand action on global warming, poverty and rising food prices.
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
A huge trove of critical videos of Scientology was targeted for takedown late last week by a group called American Rights Counsel. The group sent more than 4,000 DMCA takedown notices to YouTube and claimed that every video infringed on its copyrights, according to the EFF.
Those who take on the notoriously litigious "church" of Scientology—including groups like "Anonymous"—know what they're up against and are willing to take action to keep their messages up. It appears that most of the pulled content has been reinstated already after the various uploaders filed DMCA counter-notices asserting that the videos in question did not infringe copyright.
The targets of the takedown action included everything from Anonymous protest videos to Clearwater City Council hearings (Scientology has a major presence in Clearwater, Florida) to German and Canadian news reports. This led YouTube users to rant in public forums about the "abuse" of YouTube's takedown system by American Rights Counsel, which even went after user-created videos.
"YouTube, you need to REVIEW YOUR POLICY on copyright claims, the current system is far to [sic] susceptible to ABUSE," wrote ShadowVsScientology. "All you have to do to get a video taken down is make a claim and it is instantly pulled; this is WRONG, when a claim is made the person who uploaded the video should have a chance to respond BEFORE the video is removed, this stops people like the Cult of Scientology getting their way instantly. YouTube PLEASE sort this problem out and do not let Scientology control this website."
YouTube's takedown system is a product of the Digital Millenium Copyright Act, not something of its own devising, and one weakness of the system is its potential abuse by rightsholders. Fortunately, the DMCA includes penalties for anyone who sends takedown notices in bad faith, and it also allows for the reinstatement on content with nothing more than a simple DMCA counter-notice.
The Church of Scientology isn't just under assault on YouTube. Earlier today, Agence France-Presse reported that the church would be put on trial in Paris for fraud. Earlier this summer, a number of the church's secret documents, including those that talk about the breakfast-cereal-sounding "Theetie Wheeties," were made public on Wikileaks.
And the church's battle with Anonymous continues, both online and off. Anonymous has long put out YouTube videos targeting the church and has engaged in real street protests, usually wearing the Guy Fawkes masks seen in the film V for Vendetta. In a new twist on this latter tactic, many group members will buy tickets for the opening of Katie Holmes' (wife of Scientologist Tom Cruise) new Broadway play next month and will sit in the audience, watching in silent judgment from behind their creepy masks.
Share The Latest News
This year alone we've seen releases of hundreds of VR games for the Vive and Rift VR headsets. Some of the most notable games of the year so far were Robo Recall, Lone Echo, Superhot VR, Arizona Sunshine, Mindshow, and more.
In the next few months we're going to be seeing a massive rollout of AAA VR content which includes:
Fallout 4 VR
DOOM VFR
Skyrim VR
LA Noire
Payday 2
Project Cars 2
Mage's Tail
Moss
Star Child
While these are all excellent titles, there are many VR games that users are enjoying today. Thanks to a Reddit user named sergioberg79, we can see the most positive rated VR games in the last 30 days. While we are familiar with many of the list titles, some of the games came in as a surprise.
1 War Robots VR: The Skirmish 2017.08.10 166 Free Review 2 ZomDay 2017.08.17 132 $9.99 Review 3 Mindshow 2017.08.30 129 Free Review 4 Gal*Gun VR 2017.08.09 89 $29.99 Review 5 Chroma Lab 2017.08.22 76 $4.99 Review 6 Out of Ammo: Death Drive 2017.08.16 32 $14.99 Review 7 The SoulKeeper VR 2017.08.15 30 $39.99 Review 8 Insanity VR: Last Score 2017.08.15 25 Free Review 9 ProjectM : Daydream 2017.09.04 22 $4.99 Review 10 Hop Step Sing! Kimamani☆Summer vacation (HQ Edition) 2017.08.17 16 $6.99 Review 11 Dracula: Vampires vs. Zombies 2017.08.08 15 $14.99 Review 12 ProjectM : Dream 2017.09.04 14 Free Review 13 Spartaga 2017.08.28 13 $19.99 Review 14 Rift Coaster HD Remastered VR 2017.08.09 12 $0.99 Review 15 Chocolate 2017.08.17 11 $2.99 Review 16 CYBER (VR) 2017.08.31 11 $14.99 Review 17 Chop and Drop VR 2017.08.21 11 Free Review 18 VR Battleship YAMATO 2017.08.17 10 $44.99 Review 19 Prison Boss VR 2017.08.29 9 $19.99 Review 20 Dream Coaster VR 2017.08.10 7 $1.99 Review
The listed games are all available through Steam which can be accessed by both Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. However, this doesn't mean that the listed VR titles are all available on both platforms.
War Robots VR: The Skirmish came in as the most positive rated VR game in the last 30 days with 166 new reviews that gives props to the game designers and quality in content. The creators of the game, Pixonic, have also made War Robots VR: The Skirmish available for free on Steam, which is quite impressive.
The next highest rated VR games in the last 30 days is ZomDay by Into Games with 132 new positive reviews. The game features a zombie filled world where you must take down the undead as a member of S.E.A.T (Special Event Action Team). This is a fast pace VR shooter game that contains multi-player modes and bosses that'll surely put up a challenge. Zomday is available today for $9.99 on Oculus Rift and HTC Vive.
The third highest rated VR experience in the last 30 days is Mindshow by Mindshow Inc. Mindshow lets you make animated movies in VR with your body and voice. Players can become animated characters where you can act out a show and share it with your friends. Mindshow is available today for free, which makes it highly attractive.
Make sure to check out the other listed games as well if you are looking for a VR game to play.
The exploding cost of health care is a source of widespread alarm. Similarly, the upward spiral of tuition fees is cause for serious concern. In this concise and illuminating book, economist William Baumol explores the causes of these seemingly intractable problems and offers a surprisingly simple explanation. Baumol identifies the ‘cost disease' as a major source of rapidly rising costs in service sectors of the economy. Once we understand that disease, they explain, effective responses become apparent. Edward Larkin finds Baumol's interpretation of rising health care costs compelling; a must-read for policymakers.
The Cost Disease: Why Computers Get Cheaper and Health Care Doesn't. William Baumol. Yale University Press. September 2012.
Find this book:
The move last summer from the United States to London prompted mixed emotions. Despite the LSE's reputation as an excellent place to study the social sciences, the UK seemed to lack a certain panache as far as policy debates went. Weren't the Brits too civilized for our American psychodramas of protest, the Tea Party and Occupy? What riled these people up?
On the plus side, I expected that the furor about health care costs in the UK to be below the perennial fever pitch that it is in the US, where health care accounts for about 18% of GDP. In Britain, health care spending only stands at a comparatively modest 10% of GDP. I looked forward to studying the subject in a monastic environment, where the spectre of “death panels” didn't loom like the Sword of Damocles.
I quickly learned from the front pages of The Guardian and The Times that the NHS is actually quite contentious indeed. Although we Americans spend far and away the most money per capita on health care, the rate of increase in health care costs is just as high in European countries and Japan.
This seemingly unstoppable rise has prompted many people to theorize on the why of the situation. Some blame the spiralling costs on unnecessary care or physician salaries; others on a lack of market discipline due to insurance, or a culture of “defensive medicine” fostered by rapacious personal injury lawyers. All these contribute to health care costs, but they are marginal factors, and often provide no explanation at all on why costs keep increasing as a percent of GDP – that is, consistently increasing faster than everything else we buy.
Cue William Baumol, an American economist whose deliciously fascinating book, The Cost Disease, should be required reading for (and I'm aware of the boldness of this claim) all policymakers in the world. Baumol proposed the “Cost Disease” theory in 1966, finally christening it with a book of the same name forty six years later. The idea goes something like this: productivity is increasing in all sectors of the economy, so it takes less time/labor/money to make things. But in some industries, like manufacturing and computing, productivity has increased much faster than in service industries, like health care and education, where the product is “customized” and therefore has an irreducible labor component. Cars can be made by robots, since they are almost completely standardized. However, robots cannot yet perform neurosurgery.
This is straightforward, but the implications are enormous. Since the slow productivity-improving sectors (what Baumol refers to as the “stagnant sectors”) improve slower than others, they of course make up a larger percentage of what we spend money on. Even if health care accounts for 60% of GDP in 2105 (more on this below), that's fine, because that 40% which buys things from the fast-improving sector (the “progressive sector”) will be able to buy a ton of those things, since they've become so much cheaper. Even if health care took up 60% of GDP, it wouldn't bankrupt us. We will always be able to afford it.
This might seem like a sunny conclusion – the apocalypse is not nigh. But according to Baumol, there is still a significant danger: policymakers think that the apocalypse is indeed nigh. As experiences in the US and the UK attest, politicians often take drastic measures to cut health care costs, when in reality, costs don't necessarily need cutting. Ideally, policymakers would realize that costs are increasing naturally. In trying to solve a problem that's not a problem, they actually create a problem.
Distributing health care equitably while costs continue to grow is still a major challenge. One of the main lessons from “The Cost Disease” is that since we can and always will afford health care, making sure we have robust income transfer mechanisms in place to help the less fortunate is correspondingly important. This is because despite the fact that the cost disease ensures that we as a society will be able to afford more heatlh care, it does not necessarily mean that it will be distributed equitably. Instead of trying to slow the growth of NHS spending in the UK or Medicare in the US, we should be making sure redistribution to poor/ill people are more robust.
Perhaps the best thing about Baumol's book is that it is concise, a rare achievement for a social scientist, a subpopulation that tends to believe its ideas deserve War-and-Peace length tomes. For example, Baumol only spends a few pages discussing how the advances in the “progressive sector” are more dangerous that rising prices in the stagnant sector. When prices fall in areas like weapons manufacturing and individuals gain ever greater power to cause mass destruction, Baumol contests that the fate of humanity itself might be threatened. We might kill ourselves with cost savings. Given the magnitude of this assertion, readers might appreciate a more fleshed-out argument from Baumol.
Although the brevity is laudable, the book could be even more concise, as the last third could be left out altogether. Baumol's discussion of the evidence and implications of the cost disease is superb. The latter part is a patchwork quilt of essays from Baumol and health services researchers about how to improve business processes in health care. This certainly deserves comment, but it is hardly as inspired as the earlier discussion, and more fitting for one of the legions of “Enterprise 2.0”-ish books that CEOs seem to enjoy for some reason.
I have two editorial objections with Baumol's seemingly unshakeable conviction that health care will remain in the stagnant sector as far into the future as 2105. First, I can promise that by 2105 “health care” as we know it will be radically different than anything we experience today, and it will probably consist of robots fixing computer viruses for other robots on a lunar colony. Once the irreducible labor component is gone, as it certainly might be in 2105, health care could reap the productivity gains of the progressive sector. Second, while Baumol's disease certainly contributes greatly to rising health care costs, they spend very little talking about how much of the increase it explains. Most health economists accept as gospel the fact that fast diffusion of new medical technology is the real cause of increasing costs. Since Baumol takes a somewhat contrarian approach, a discussion of how their theory merits a reconsideration of the conventional wisdom is warranted, but it is unfortunately lacking.
Despite the fact that The Cost Disease runs out of steam at the end, the first two-thirds are absolutely excellent. Baumol's interpretation of rising health care costs is compelling, and it is a perspective so rarely heard that every attempt should be made to foist it into the broader dialogue of policymakers, economists, and the public, where it can be analyzed and assessed. As Baumol implies, the real disease lies in our dialogue, not in health care costs.
——————————————————————————————-
Edward Larkin is a medical student at the University of Pennsylvania. They studied for an MSc in International Health Policy at the LSE in 2011-12, where their dissertation investigated the relationship between uncertainty and technological change in health care. They graduated from the University of Notre Dame as valedictorian in 2011, studying biology and classics. Interested in the intersection of science, technology, and society, Edward has worked in wireless health care and at the UK Department of Health, as well as in basic science laboratories. Read more reviews by Edward.
Some flights into London airports were delayed because of problems with air traffic control equipment.
A spokesperson for Air Traffic Control (NATS) said its usual monitoring system had failed and flight details had to be input manually.
The system was restored at about 09:00 BST. The spokesperson apologised for any disruption caused to the airports, including Heathrow and Stansted.
Most of the flight delays were less than an hour.
A spokesperson for Heathrow Airport said that to maintain safety, some restrictions had been applied to flights at London airports but urged passengers to check in as normal.
Southampton, Gatwick, London Luton and Stansted airports said the problems had also affected some of their flights.
The NATS spokesperson said the back-up system for processing flight plans was a "much slower process" and said they "regretted" any delays that were caused.
By Adam Lucas
KANSAS CITY--It's over.
Those are the two worst words to write about any Carolina basketball season. They're worse than "home loss," "ACL injury," or "Randolph Childress." This year, they're worse even than "at Indiana," "senior night" or "selection committee."
For the second straight year, it's over at the hands of Kansas, the first time ever a team has ended Carolina's season two straight years in the NCAA Tournament. Last year was painful because it felt like the Tar Heels didn't get a chance to compete at full strength. This year was painful because it just seemed like it was time for one of those games.
You know the kind: 1990 over Oklahoma. 2000 over Stanford. 2013 over Kansas in Kansas City.
After all, Carolina had been here before. Literally, right here. The Tar Heels won the 1957 national championship by beating Kansas in triple overtime just a few blocks from the Sprint Center.
Jim Exum was one of the very few Carolina fans who made the 24-hour drive from Chapel Hill to Kansas City to watch those back-to-back triple overtime games. Their friends thought they were a little wacko, as Roy Williams might say, for driving halfway across America when the game would be on television at The Goody Shop on Franklin Street, where lots of other students would gather to watch the game.
They have lived an incredibly full life and has been a North Carolina Supreme Court justice. And yet their eyes light up when they tell the story, 56 years later, of driving to Kansas City to watch a basketball game.
Exum didn't have a phone in their dorm room, attended home basketball games in a 5,000-seat gymnasium and never dreamed of texting or FaceTime.
But I really think they would have a lot to talk about with Jackson Reeves, Luke Bartelt, Ben Clark and Ben Brown, four current Carolina students who left Chapel Hill at 11 p.m. Saturday night to drive to Kansas City to watch the Tar Heels. Their friends thought they were a little wacko, as Roy Williams might say, for driving halfway across the country to watch basketball when the game would be televised across the world and on smart phones, tablets and laptops.
But they had a friend who knew Frank Tanner , and Frank Tanner's family couldn't come to the game, so the quartet could use the Tanner family's tickets. The combination of free tickets and a road trip was, as you might remember if you think back far enough, irresistible for a college student.
The bad weather started in St. Louis. They were 240 miles from the arena and started doing SAT-type calculations as the snow and sleet pelted the windshield of their two-wheel drive Honda Fit. There were only six hours until tipoff. Their current pace was 20 miles per hour. They used the internet to check traffic cams on the road ahead, and none of them looked good.
After they'd crawled through the snow for 90 minutes, someone finally voiced what they were all thinking but afraid to speak out loud:
"Guys, what if we don't make it for the game?"
A more rational question might have been, "What are we doing in the middle of a Midwest blizzard?" But this was no time to be rational. They kept driving, and suddenly, with virtually no warning, the sky cleared just a little and the state of Missouri road-scrapers did admirable work.
Their speed increased. The calculations continued. This time, once they were sure, another voice spoke up: "Guys, we're going to make it for warmups."
I saw them roughly an hour before tipoff inside the Sprint Center. Ben Brown watched the Tar Heels going through their pregame shooting drills, grinned a wide smile, and said, "We've come to the conclusion that since we made it, we're going to win the game."
Here's the thing: this seemed perfectly reasonable to me. Yes, Carolina should win the game, because these four Carolina students drove 16 hours to see it and they would tell this story beginning Sunday night and ending never, and each time the snow would get deeper and the road would grow longer and Kansas would grow more fearsome, to the point that Wilt Chamberlain their own self would have cowered in the face of Jeff Withey.
What was it their friends had told them?
Well, "You're crazy," first of all.
But then: "We're jealous."
Less than three months ago, this Carolina team wasn't much fun to watch. They were not worth driving 16 hours to see. There were some who wouldn't drive 16 minutes to see them. They were drubbed by Butler and routed by Indiana and smoked by Texas and drilled by NC State and flattened by Miami.
All of that happened this season and yet it feels like years ago. It somehow feels like we didn't get our recommended yearly allowance of Carolina basketball this season. Think of your favorite moments from the season--a large majority of them probably happened in the last dozen games. We're supposed to have five months to choose from when we're trying to to remember the fun times during the season. Instead, there's only a month.
Sure, Roy Williams changed the rotation, but something else changed, too. Because suddenly P.J. Hairston was taking charges and Marcus Paige was making late-game floaters over seven-footers and this year's motley team looked like, well, they looked like a Carolina basketball team. About the time Leslie McDonald ripped away a rebound from Withey in the first half on Sunday night, simply refusing to let the Jayhawks' seven-footer have the ball, it began to seem realistic.
It felt like this team deserved more than being sent to Kansas City to be some second-round road fodder for a highly ranked club, the forgettable type of opponent that Carolina has disposed of many times before in Charlotte and Greensboro. You can't convert every lost soul, but it felt important for everyone else who had dogged the Tar Heels through December and January to at least admit that, yes, this was a real North Carolina basketball team. And after that first half, they would have to do exactly that.
But then the second half began...and wouldn't stop. It wouldn't stop with two Roy Williams timeouts and it wouldn't stop with P.J. Hairston three-pointers and it just...wouldn't...stop. Kansas eventually scored on an incredible 23 of its 26 second-half possessions on which it didn't turn the ball over.
"It was definitely a nightmare in the second half," Williams said.
"We just couldn't get a stop," Marcus Paige said in a stone silent Tar Heel locker room.
I don't know why Carolina basketball does this to us. I don't know why changing seats is a foolproof way to stop an opposing run and lucky shirts must be worn and 16 hours through the snow seems like a reasonable one-way drive to watch two hours of basketball. I have given up trying to figure it out. But I think that if it ever stops, it will be a very sad day indeed.
"This is the craziest thing we've ever done in our lives," Jackson Reeves said as they stood inside the Sprint Center on Sunday afternoon.
But I think maybe it's not crazy at all, and those who are nodding right now or who have their own absurdly fanatical Tar Heel hoops story to tell will understand this:
By the time official Pat Adams threw the ball in the air at 5:25 Eastern time to start the game, I had completely convinced myself that not only did the Tar Heels have a chance, but that they were indeed going to win the game. It was the exact same feeling I had when Stilman White was introduced as the starting point guard last year in St. Louis.
It was ludicrous. It was absolutely irrational. It represented a total break with reality and could not be supported by any statistical or objective analysis of the game. It was the textbook example of hope triumphing over reason, and I'm not proud of it.
Except that maybe I am. And I really wish we didn't have to wait eight months to do it all again.
On the way to the airport on Sunday night, my phone pinged with an email. It was from UNC junior Luke Bartelt, who had absorbed a 12-point beating in the midst of 19,000 Kansas fans and was facing a 16-hour drive back to Chapel Hill with three of their buddies.
"This trip," they wrote, "was totally worth it."
Adam Lucas is the publisher of Tar Heel Monthly and the author or co-author of seven books on the Tar Heels.
CLOSE Gerard Ryle, Director of the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, tells USA TODAY how the Panama Papers came to be. USA TODAY
Mossack Fonseca, the Panamanian law firm at the heart of an international financial controversy over off-short corporations used to hide assets, used to list its Florida office in this residential building in downtown Miami. The firm no longer lists the address on its site. (Photo11: Alan Gomez, USA TODAY)
MIAMI — The Panama law firm that has helped companies, political leaders and other wealthy individuals hide assets in off-shore accounts has made itself exceedingly difficult to locate in the United States.
Mossack Fonseca, the firm whose internal records were hacked and disclosed worldwide Sunday, once listed on its website that it had an office in Miami, known as the Gateway to the Americas. That makes sense, since many Latin American companies operate in and out of the city.
But Mossack Fonseca's Miami operations have virtually disappeared since the leak of what are now known as the Panama Papers. The 11.5 million documents expose how world leaders, their relatives and their associates keep business dealings and vast sums of money hidden.
The firm's operations in Wyoming and Nevada are just as obscure. In Wyoming, the firm's representative, AAA Corporate Services, is housed in a three-story yellow brick building in Cheyenne's historic downtown. In Nevada, Patricia Amunategui, a registered agent for the firm works in a small office building 20 miles from the Las Vegas strip, they testified in a 2015 Nevada court case.
Nearly all of the 1,000-plus corporations that USA TODAY has identified as being created by Mossack Fonseca in the U.S. are based in Wyoming and Nevada. Those states have permissive corporate secrecy laws. Wyoming, in particular, allows corporations to be formed without any individual named in corporate records.
The firm's website no longer lists a Miami office. Only a page archived by Google shows that the listing once existed on its website. Florida state records show that Olga Santini, the firm's representative in Miami, is a manager for "MF Consult LLC." Yet their profile on the online business-networking site LinkedIn is no longer active, and they have no listed phone number or email address.
The archived Mossack Fonseca website and Florida state records both list an address for the firm's offices in Miami, but that traces back to a two-bedroom condo unit in a waterfront residential building called "The Palace." The building is located in a gleaming business district in Miami called Brickell and was once featured in an episode of the 1980s television crime drama Miami Vice.
This USA TODAY reporter visited the building Wednesday, but was told that Santini wasn't available. In a statement, Santini denied being an employee of Mossack Fonseca, instead saying they were an "independent service provider" who did work for the firm, as well as others.
"I cannot address any particular client issues except to say that it is my practice to conduct significant due diligence on my clients and it is my personal policy to fully comply with the letter and spirit of the law in every jurisdiction," they said.
Mossack Fonseca did not respond to questions regarding its U.S. operations. But in a statement on its website, the firm said its work in the United States is legal.
"Incorporating companies is the normal activity of lawyers and agents around the world," the statement said. "Services such as company formations, registered agent, and others are frequently used and provided in many worldwide jurisdictions, including the United States and the United Kingdom."
Contributing: Steve Reilly, John Kelly and Trevor Hughes
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1RYC9LE
LONDON (Reuters) - Investors fed up with losses from their mainstream hedge fund holdings are eyeing some exotic alternatives.
How exotic? How about portfolios betting on Chinese companies embroiled in fraud probes? Or funds looking to arbitrage prices in the electricity market?
At this week's GAIM hedge fund conference in Monaco, investors were shaking their heads about where to generate returns, with many viewing so-called safe havens such as German Bunds and U.S. Treasuries as overvalued while equities look too volatile.
No surprise then that funds trading in niche areas, where profits are less to do with general market trends and more a manager's skill, are on investors' radar.
One hedge fund investor at the conference said they had achieved double-digit returns from investing in a range of more esoteric funds, such as those involved in electricity arbitrage, where a manager tries to profit from fluctuating prices by buying and selling electricity, and those trading the volatility of option prices.
They said the outlook for returns was “very unattractive to us in the mainstream strategies: long-short equity, event-driven, distressed, credit, CTA (commodity trading advisor), global macro”, seeking instead less popular areas.
“We largely see the world as saturated,” said the investor. “Basically, I don't want to be in a crowded room.”
They also have money in funds shorting stocks of Chinese companies caught up in fraud scandals, and in funds involved in lending securities to borrowers for a fee.
Another example: the pension fund of UK bank Barclays is looking at investments in sub-Sahara Africa's fast-growing economies, and in hedge funds which play the reinsurance industry - a sector where insurers look to unload risk.
Big-name managers such as Dan Loeb, Steve Cohen and John Paulson have recently set up reinsurance firms, while pension funds are fuelling demand for “catastrophe bonds”, which offer an income in return for agreeing to pay some of an insurer's claims if a hurricane or earthquake strikes.
Reinsurance prices often jump in the wake of big payouts by the industry after natural disasters - such as Japan's Tohoku earthquake in 2011 - as less well-funded players are forced to retrench, freeing those still in the market to charge more.
“It's truly uncorrelated,” Barclay's chief investment officer Tony Broccardo said, referring to how little prices in the industry are linked to traditional equity or bond markets.
“After one of these big events, the pricing of securities becomes much more favorable for us.”
“REAL VALUE”
The hunt for newer strategies - particularly those that don't lose money when stock markets fall - has become more desperate after a 2011 in which the average fund lost 5.3 percent while the S&P rose 2.1 percent, according to Hedge Fund Research.
Some of the most popular strategies fared particularly badly - long-short equity funds, which bet on rising and falling stocks, lost 8.4 percent on average, the researchers say.
Some see falling returns, and the need to look harder for profits, as inevitable as the $2 trillion industry develops having sucked in tens of billions of investor dollars in recent years.
“As an industry gets more mature, it gets harder to find real value,” said one prominent hedge fund executive, who spoke to Reuters on condition of anonymity.
Delegates at the conference were particularly unimpressed with long-short equity funds.
However, finding alternatives can be tricky.
“At the moment it's easy to find a lot of (assets) that are quite unattractive,” said Ian Prideaux, chief investment officer at Grosvenor Estates, which manages money for the family of the UK's Duke of Westminster, one of Britain's richest men.
One panel at the conference saw funds pitch their niche strategies to around 30 intrigued delegates.
They included the Directors Dealings Fund, run by Athanasios T. Ladopoulos, which tries to trace patterns in the buying and selling of shares by directors, in the belief that executives vote with their wallets when it comes to what they really think about the strength of their own company.
Funds accepted that while there were huge risks with some niche strategies, there were also big rewards on offer from those successfully pursuing a distinct or individual approach.
“People originally got into alternatives (assets) for alternatives,” said Jeff Hudson, a partner at a fund trading U.S. municipal debt. “And if you look at everybody today, they all look the same ... Nobody does what I do.”
Prospect of trial in France appears remote
PARIS, Sept 30 (Reuters) - France is investigating Bashar al-Assad over alleged crimes against humanity, the Paris prosecutor's office said on Wednesday, launching a case that highlights divisions among major powers over relations with the Syrian leader.
The investigation, which is also examining claims of torture and kidnapping by Assad's forces, was opened "on the basis of indications received from the foreign ministry" on Sept. 10, an official at the prosecutor's office said.
An estimated 250,000 people have been killed in Syria's four-year civil war between Assad's troops, rebel groups and Islamic State militants, and a further 11 million displaced.
The ministry's dossier drew on some 55,000 photographic images smuggled out of the country by a former Syrian army officer, showing 11,000 alleged victims of forces loyal to Assad, according to various media reports.
The competence of French courts to try those held responsible may hinge on the identification of French nationals among the victims. Even in that event, the prospect of a trial in France would appear remote.
In the face of sustained Russian support for the Syrian president, France recently joined other western powers in softening earlier demands that Assad leave office as a precondition for peace talks.
U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin agreed on Monday to look for a diplomatic end to the war but clashed over whether Assad should retain power.
(Reporting by Chine Labbé; Writing by Laurence Frost; editing by John Stonestreet)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
In this April 19, 2014 file photo, partygoers dance and smoke pot on the first of two days at the annual 4/20 marijuana festival in Denver. The annual event is the first 4/20 marijuana celebration since retail marijuana stores began selling in Jan. 2014. A year after Colorado's marijuana tax for schools came in far short of its goal, the fund is setting records and has accrued more money in the first five months in 2015 than it did for all of 2014. AP Photo/Brennan Linsley College-bound students in Pueblo, Colorado will have access to almost $2 million in additional scholarship funds, thanks to marijuana.
Sixty percent of voters in Pueblo approved a measure in November that added an additional five percent excise tax on Colorado's marijuana suppliers, and each year 50 percent of the tax's proceeds will be set aside for college scholarships.
Starting in 2017, the pot tax will gradually phase in until it reaches 5 percent, about $3.5 million, in 2020.
Pundits and journalists alike have reported controversy on the issue. They suggest the pot-funded scholarship is a dangerous contradiction: How can schools prevent marijuana abuse if it is the same drug's sales that fund students' higher education prospects?
But to a large extent, marijuana growers, legislators, and Pueblo residents seem to be supportive of the scholarship tax.
The tax is a smart initiative, not a burden; say leaders in the field of marijuana cultivation.
"Businesses in the cannabis industry are interested in showing that they are a contributing member of the overall economic community," Taylor West, deputy director at the National Cannabis Industry Association, tells The Christian Science Monitor in a phone interview Tuesday.
"So having the opportunity to contribute to something that will benefit the overall community is something they are willing to be supportive of. People are happy that the industry can make a contribution to the community."
And as for the city's pot industry, Pueblo stands apart from its fellow 53 Colorado cities that allow recreational marijuana sales. Pueblo County accounts for 3 percent of all recreational marijuana sales in Colorado, but 20 percent of the state's recreational pot production.
Marijuana farmers say Pueblo's sunny and flat plains are ideal for large cultivation sites. Along with the city's conducive conditions, the "Silicon Valley" of the weed farming industry has taken a number of steps to make the city a welcoming oasis for weed farmers.
Pueblo officials announced a $4.89 million incentives package in October to lure marijuana growers to take over an old Boeing plant. And because of its ample water supply from the Arkansas River basin is controlled locally, Pueblo has given marijuana growers the same water rights as traditional farmers.
Some local leaders agree with marijuana retailers that they are not seeing the controversy discussed by national news realized at the local level.
"The conflict that has been brought up, I have only seen it in national news. It hasn't been felt on the ground at all. The first time I heard this argument was when I read it in a [national news] story," Sal Pace, a Pueblo County commissioner, tells The Christian Science Monitor in a phone interview Tuesday. "At the end of the day, who would rather have these funds go to Mexican drug cartels, instead of providing hope and opportunity to funding our kids education?"
A marijuana dispensary in Seattle, WA. AP While high school graduation rates have increased from 60.5 percent in 2010 to 71.9 percent in 2014 in Pueblo city schools, the city's graduation rate continues to fall below the state average, which was 77.3 percent in 2014.
And the US Census Bureau reports that 21.5 percent of Pueblo County citizens earned a bachelor's degree or higher, far below the 37 percent statewide average.
"If we are cutting someone's college education bill, they don't necessarily know which dollar came from marijuana," Mr. Pace tells The Monitor. The important thing is that more students will have the opportunity to pursue higher education.
And it's not just marijuana farmers and legislators who support the tax. Pace says the 60 percent voting approval by Pueblo residents should not be underestimated.
"The voters have clearly stated that marijuana funds should be used to educate our kids," they add.
The scholarship funds will be available next year to any Pueblo County student who wishes to attend Colorado State University-Pueblo or Pueblo Community College, as long as they meet the university's admission requirements.
But despite their overall enthusiasm about the scholarship tax, West, deputy director for the National Cannabis Industry Association, warns that legislators and voters shouldn't get carried away with too much "do-good taxation."
"If you are levying prices that keep causing prices to continue to rise, they could leave room for an underground market to survive and flourish," they tell The Monitor. "There is a rate at which this is no longer a successful situation [for either party]. Always something that has to be kept in mind."
Fox News chief Roger Ailes knew Karl Rove's election night meltdown was television gold the second it started. Having given up on Mitt Romney's chances, they had already gone home. “I turn on the TV and the first thing I see is Rove saying something like ‘you called Ohio too early.' And I thought, ‘What the? What is this?'” Ailes explained to TV Newser in a rare interview. “So I quickly called [EVP of News] Michael Clemente and I said, ‘Michael whatever you do, don't go to commercial. Don't leave the screen.” In Ailes's mind, they value good TV above all else, and doesn't comprehend how people could consider them a partisan.
“I didn't want the public or our competitors to say we somehow panicked and didn't confront the truth on camera,” Ailes said of that fateful early November night. “As it turned out Rove was wrong. They backed down. Our guys were right. We stayed with it. Megyn did their famous walk down the hall. And it all worked out.” (As a Fox insider told New York's Gabriel Sherman, “This is Fox News, so anytime there's a chance to show off Megyn Kelly's legs they'll go for it.”)
“I don't care about my legacy,” Ailes said during the same sit-down. “It's too late. My enemies will create it and they'll push it.” They also insisted that the next four years won't necessarily be about tearing down President Obama. “It's day to day for us,” Ailes said. “We don't — I know no one believes it — we have no agenda.” They and Bill O'Reilly will be scratching their heads, or slyly grinning, into eternity.
TORONTO — Nikita Soshnikov wanted out. It was late March and the Russian forward was leading all KHL rookies in scoring. But as they were having a breakthrough year, their team was simply breaking apart.
[np_storybar title=”Leafs embracing the clean-shaven culture GM Lou Lamoriello brings” link=”http://news.nationalpost.com/sports/nhl/toronto-maple-leafs-embracing-the-clean-shaven-culture-general-manager-lou-lamoriello-brings”%5D%5B/np_storybar%5D
Financial troubles were plaguing Atlant Moscow, which had lost its main sponsor and in December was forced to sell off some of its star players. That initially led to more ice time for Soshnikov, who responded with 14 goals and 32 points. But a few months later, the 20-year-old and nine other players were sold to a rival team in what amounted to another salary dump.
Soshnikov finally had enough. The undrafted free agent signed a three-year contract to play for the Toronto Maple Leafs. It was not long after that their former team, which had been one of the near the top of the league in attendance, disbanded.
“Guys are coming over and I want to play in the best league in the world,” Soshnikov, speaking with the help of a translator, said when asked why they decided to leave the KHL. “It's not about the ruble and stuff like that. It's more like ‘Why not me? Why can't I play in the NHL?' So I came here and started playing and try to make the team.”
Soshnikov's situation is not exactly unique. While the KHL was initially perceived as a talent-poaching threat to the NHL when it opened its operations — according to QuantHockey.com, the number of Russians in the NHL dropped from an all-time high of 73 in 2000-01 to just 29 in 2012-13 — the cases of players leaving are becoming few and far between.
KHL teams are folding. Sponsorships are drying up. And because of a ruble that is now worth .65 cents on the U.S. dollar — it has lost 50 per cent of its value since the start of 2014 because of plummeting oil prices and sanctions due to the conflict in Ukraine — players are no longer making the kind of money that they once were. In some cases, they are not even getting paid.
“They were stealing from our families while operating and preparing the club for the upcoming season by signing new players,” Canadian-born goaltender Mark Dekanich, who played for Medvescak Zagreb, said in an email to Postmedia News. “All who did not return to play for Medvescak are in the same situation.”
The result is that the Russians are returning to the NHL faster than ever. Thirty-five were in the league last season and more appear to be on their way.
Alex Burmistrov, who spent the last two seasons playing for Kazan AK-Bars, is back again with the Winnipeg Jets, while the Chicago Blackhawks signed undrafted Artemi Panarin, one of the KHL's top scorers last season. Seventh-overall pick Ivan Provorov was one of 17 Russians selected in this year's NHL Entry Draft, a significant increase from the eight that were selected in 2013.
“I just think that every year more guys are coming here,” said Rinat Valiev, a 2014 third-round draft pick of the Leafs who left Russia to play for Indiana in the USHL three years ago. “They're drafting more guys to the CHL and they're signing more guys to the NHL. Before, guys were scared to come over. But now a lot of guys are leaving and playing here.”
According to the Canadian Hockey League, there were only 11 Russians selected in the 2011 import draft. That number grew to 22 this year, including Sudbury centre Dmitry Sokolov, Windsor defenceman Mikhail Sergachev and Acadie-Bathurst winger Vladimir Kuznetsov. All three are considered potential first-round picks in the 2016 NHL Entry Draft.
“Momentum is the word. And momentum is shifting, there's no question about it,” said player agent Mark Gandler, who represents Provorov and Dallas Stars forward Valeri Nichushkin, who was a 10th-overall pick in 2013. “The league has changed. The KHL was making a ton of money and putting a ton of pressure on parents and young kids by throwing a ton of money at them. Now, the amount of money is not that much, particularly when you view the exchange rate.”
It is not just that more Russians want to come to the NHL and play. The perception from NHL general managers has also drastically changed. With more Russians in the league, teams are less afraid of investing a draft pick or development time into a player that in the past was always considered a flight risk.
“I know when I was in New Jersey several years ago, we were all hesitant to draft (Russian) players, simply because we did not think they would come over,” said Leafs general manager Lou Lamoriello. “I am a little surprised that it shifted so quickly. But I think a lot had to do with what was going on in the league and the unhappiness with players who were playing for certain teams and the folding of certain teams.
“The majority of the players want to come. This is where they want to be.”
And it seems that the NHL is more than happy to welcome them with open arms.
Postmedia News
Aztec slavery, within the structure of the Mexica society, produced many slaves, known by the Nahuatl word, tlacotin. Within Mexica society, slaves constituted an important class.
Description [ edit ]
Slavery was not a station one was born into, but a state entered into as a form of punishment, out of financial desperation, or as a captive.[1] The practice consisted of two systems:
Slavery, in the strictest sense of the term
indentured servitude.
Aztecs as slave owners [ edit ]
Slave owners were required to provide food and shelter for their slaves.[1]
Women slave owners exerted much in the way of choice, in regard to slaves. For example, if a woman was widowed, it was not uncommon for them to either remarry one of their husband's slaves, or make one of their slaves their personal flight attendant.[1] The richest merchants in Mexica society were slave traders. Not only were they wealthy, but they were also granted special privileges. They were also considered to be very religious, and played a key role in the festival of Panquetzaliztli festival, in honor of Mexica god, Huitzilopochtli.[1]
Any person not related to a slave's master could be enslaved for trying to prevent a slave's escape.[citation needed] If one slave was not behave in accordance, they could be sentenced to death.[2]
Slaves in the Aztec society [ edit ]
While slavery could not be inherited, in Mexica society, one could, in fact, live indefinitely as a slave. For example, Moctezuma II, in addition to confiscating property, would condemn traitors, or their families, to slavery for life. They would also do the same to astrologers who failed to predict the occurrence of omens.[1]
Slaves were bound to their master's lands, until one's debt was paid to their master. Barring being a captive, being punished for committing a crime, or failing to pay an outstanding gambling debt, slavery was an institution one could enter into freely.[1][3] In that respect, the system was not slavery, but contractual indentured servitude, resulting in "unfree labor. However, it was such a widely held practice that the Mexica would often sell their children into slavery.[1]
Slaves wore maguey garments called "cueitl," which was a skirt that wrapped around the hips, one end overlapping the other, held together by a belt-like strap. Reflecting their low status in society, the cueitl of slaves were colorless.[1] Typically, upon the death of their owner, slaves who had performed outstanding services were freed, while the rest were passed on as part of the inheritance.[citation needed] As for assigned work, many slaves were sent to the regions of Cimatan and the Acalan, aquatic environments, to work as rowers and as laborers in the cacao groves, which was work that needed to be done year-round.[1]
Slaves were free to marry and make other person decisions. They were also expected to contribute to the betterment of Mexica society. For example, slaves helped move the military's equipment when it set off for battle.[1]
Slavery of war captives [ edit ]
Slavery was most difficult for war captives who, after being captured, could be sold.[1] In addition, they could also be sacrificed at a religious ceremony or festival.[1] For example, slaves were selected to be ixiptla, which is a representation of a god. They believed that the god would, in turn, represent a force of celestial natures such as the wind or the moon, and that through by sacrificing the slave, it would satisfy the god, who would then bring good fortune to the people.[1] And, in the event of a nobleman's death, slaves could be killed, and buried with him, to assist them in the underworld, as they assisted them in life.[1] The body parts of sacrificed slaves could be taken home and eaten with maize and salt as an extension of their sacrifice.[1]
Emancipation [ edit ]
A way for slaves to get their freedom was by running outside the walls, at the marketplace and stepping on a piece of human excrement, then presenting their case to the judges, asking for freedom.[2] If granted, the slaves would then be washed, given new clothes (not owned by the master), and declared free.
Aztec slave trade [ edit ]
Slaves were also frequent faces in the market of Tenochtitlan where they could be sold along with food, cloth, and handmade goods. However, the cities with the most well-known slave markets were Azcapotzalco and Itzocan.[1]
Usually, only wealthy men, or nobles, could often afford slaves. Slaves could be bought for 30 cotton garments called "quachtli." Slaves who could entertain their masters with a talent, such as by singing or dancing, were more expensive, and could cost upwards of 25 percent more.[1]
Collared slaves [ edit ]
Wooden collar.
Orozco y Berra reports that a master could not sell a slave without the slave's consent, unless the slave had been classified as incorrigible by an authority. Incorrigibility could be determined on the basis of repeated laziness, attempts to run away, or general bad conduct. Incorrigible slaves were made to wear a wooden collar, affixed by rings at the back. The collar was not merely a symbol of bad conduct: it was designed to make it harder to run away through a crowd or through narrow spaces.
When buying a collared slave, one was informed of how many times that slave had been sold. A slave who was sold three times as incorrigible could be sold to be sacrificed; those slaves commanded a premium in price. However, if a collared slave managed to present him- or themselves in the royal palace or in a temple, they or they would regain liberty.
Voluntary slavery [ edit ]
Some slaves gave up their freedom to pay off gambling debts.[3] However, becoming a slave was a process. First, the gambler had to stand before four respected elders. They would then conduct a ceremony whereby the gambler would prefer theirs want (or need) to become a slave and be given, by their new owner, the price of their freedom, which was often 20 pieces of cloth and the means to live alone for a year before they began their slavery. After the gambler spent that amount, their service would be exchanged for food, shelter and clothing. Anyone could be a slave, though commoners were more likely to enter slavery voluntarily. But, because slaves were looked down upon, it was usually the last option one took to pay off a debt.[1] Beside gamblers, selling oneself into slavery was often a fate for aging courtesans or prostitutes, known among the Mexica as "ahuini".
Superstitions and slavery [ edit ]
It was believed that those who were born in the 13-day series that started with 1 Ocelotl were destined to be slaves, or that their lives would be burdened with something else undesirable.[1]
References [ edit ]
It's now indisputable: This UM team has underachieved, this brutal night in Charlottesville erasing all the good will and optimism generated by that three-game winning streak that led all of us to the incorrect conclusion that this program had turned the proverbial corner.
Every previous loss this season could have been justified in some way.
Louisville? First start by a first-year student quarterback.
Nebraska? Tough road game against an opponent featuring one of the nation's premier running backs.
Georgia Tech? A top 25 team this year, better than people expected.
FSU? Now riding a 27-game winning streak.
But this one? Against a 4-6 (now 5-6) Virginia team that had lost four straight?
Unacceptable.
And yet, not shocking, knowing for every step forward, this program seems to take one or two steps backs.
Reasons for this embarrassment?
Take your pick:
Shoddy offensive line play.
Too many dumb penalties.
Horrendous special teams, specifically the blocked 34-yard field goal that changed the feel of this game late in the first half.
The running game couldn't provide enough help, with UM outgained 195-64 on the ground. The Canes' 64 yards rushing were a season low.
And Brad Kaaya couldn't overcome everything malfunctioning around him, finishing 20 for 33 for 263 yards, one touchdown (a 47-yarder to Philip Dorsett) and one pick.
And so here's where we stand as Al Golden's fourth year here nears a close:
### UM has now been outscored 167 to 59 in the second half of its past nine losses.
### UM dropped to 6-5 overall and 3-4 in the ACC, ensuring that Miami cannot match last year's win total (nine).
### Golden is now 28-20 overall at UM (Randy Shannon was 28-22, by comparison) and 16-15 in the ACC.
### Against teams from the power five conferences, UM is 18-19 under Golden.
### The Hurricanes have played 16 ACC road games under Golden and allowed at least 23 points in 15 of them and at least 30 in 11 of them.
### Golden's take afterward, on WQAM, which sounded very much like Golden after a bunch of other losses:
“One of the challenges to the team all week was you've got to play consistently at a high level, playing in prime time, when you're getting everything [the opponent has] got. They beat us in all three phases, hit our quarterback, stopped us on third downs, didn't turn the ball over. There's no excuse….
"We did not pick up the pressure well enough. We got hit way too many times and got sacked too many times…. I'm disappointed [in the penalties]. I thought we were making progress in that area….We put the defense in some tough spots today. We didn't execute enough to win the game… We practiced [field goals] every day this week. There was no excuse [for the blocked field goal].
“It starts with me. The coaches, the players. There's no excuse. We've got to finish the season and go back to playing the way we were playing over the last month. We didn't play well enough. That's it. That's my responsibility. There's no excuse. We didn't make enough plays.”
### Even with the special teams gaffe, UM trailed just 13-7 at halftime.
But UM self-destructed offensively in the second half, a combination of deplorable offensive line play that couldn't create enough holes in the running game and didn't give Kaaya enough time to throw; penalties (Jon Feliciano was shoved, but the officials only noticed Feliciano shoving back, resulting in a 15-yard penalty that essentially torpedoed Miami's first possession of the second half); and a subpar second half from Kaaya (9-20, 114 yards, a pick).
And why exactly was Kaaya lined up in the shotgun on a fourth and short play from the Virginia 40? Duke Johnson was stopped short on the play, needing to run seven yards even to get back to the line of scrimmage.
Defensively, this UM run defense at times looked too much like the September/early October version.
The Cavaliers averaged 4.5 yards per carry, doing some of their damage up the gut and some to the perimeter. Too often, UM front-seven defenders couldn't unhinge from blocks and the defensive backs didn't offer enough help in run support.
Yes, Deon Bush was missed. But the defensive problems ran far deeper.
Among the exasperating moments:
### Jamal Carter whiffing on an attempt to deflect the one-handed 23-yard TD catch by Canaan Severin, which put the Cavaliers ahead for good, 10-7, late in the first half.
### Nantambu Fentress whiffed on a run blitz and Raphael Kirby missed a tackle on Khalek Shepherd's 28-yard run.
### UM committing two penalties on a field goal (including an Artie Burns roughing the kicker) that resulted in Virginia scoring on a two-yard TD run.
Only Denzel Perryman (15 tackles) was outstanding for UM defensively.
### UM's freshmen offensive linemen struggled, with Trevor Darling and Nick Linder both beaten several times.
### UM was penalized nine times, not surprising considering the Canes entered 102nd in the nation in penalties and 106th in penalty yards. This team simply isn't disciplined enough, and that's an indictment of coaching.
### This also will fuel criticism of the coaches: UM has had the higher-ranked recruiting classes in four of the past five years, according to rivals.com's analysis.
UM's past five recruiting classes were 16th, 36th, 9th, 20th and 12th. Virginia's were 67th, 25th, 27th, 28th and 41st.
But players also deserve a large share of the blame for this one. There were too many undisciplined, foolish mistakes, too many missed tackles (Kirby, Ladarius Gunter and others) and generally uninspired play.
“We have to do a better job doing our assignments,” Calvin Heurtelou said.
As WQAM's Duane Starks said: "I didn't see any enthusiasm or anything that made me believe the Canes wanted to be on the field."
### Duke Johnson finished with 88 yards on 15 carries… The final yard total was misleading in that it was this close: Virginia 341, UM 327.
### Receiver Herb Waters, who left on a stretcher, was taken to a local hospital but Dr. Lee Kaplan “was very positive” about their outlook, Golden said.
### UM's regular-season finale, next Saturday against Pittsburgh at Sun Life Stadium, was set for 7 p.m. on ESPN2. Also, kickoff for UF-FSU is 3:30 p.m., with ESPN televising.
### Please check back in the morning for lots of Dolphins, Heat and Marlins in the Sunday buzz column... Twitter: @flasportsbuzz
Kathy Bates spat on NBC today. Coming to Summer TV Press Tour 2013 to talk, cryptically, about their role in the latest iteration of Ryan Murphy's FX anthology series American Horror Story: Coven, they got asked if it took an experience like this one to get them back into the TV series business after their unpleasant experience on NBC's Harry's Law. “You bet!” Bates barked back. NBC cancelled Harry's Law in the spring of '12, at the end of its second season, even though it was the network's most watched drama series — because its audience skewed older and Warner Bros owned the show, not NBCU. Everybody knows this story. Even so, the TV critic asked Bates to elaborate. Bates at first declined to rise to the bait, saying “I don't want to give them any air time.” About 30 seconds later, however, the cork popped and they began to foam over.
Related: Kathy Bates Tackles Serial Killer Socialite In Coven
“I think they treated us like shit. They kicked us to the curb. They disrespected us; they disrespected our 7-11 million viewers. I think they're getting what they deserve this year, Thank you.”
Exploring A Moon By Boat
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute
The first nautical exploration of an extraterrestrial sea could come as soon as 2022, if a team of researchers can convince NASA to try sailing a boat on an alien world.
"The overwhelming reaction I get from scientists and engineers is, 'Oh, that's really cool.' I mean, people are just instantly kind of excited and intrigued to say, 'Could we really go do this?' " says Ellen Stofan, a planetary geologist at Proxemy Research in Maryland and an honorary professor at University College London.
Stofan is leading an effort to design and propose a relatively low-cost mission to Titan, one of Saturn's moons.
Sailing — But Not In Water
Titan is the only place in our solar system other than Earth known to have bodies of liquid on its surface, Stofan says.
The liquid isn't water, of course. Temperatures on icy Titan reach minus 290 degrees Fahrenheit. The lakes are actually liquid methane and ethane.
Here on Earth, methane is a gas, says Stofan. But on Titan, "methane acts just like water acts here on Earth. Methane forms clouds in the atmosphere. It rains down on to the surface and forms rivers, lakes and seas."
Enlarge this image toggle caption NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute NASA/JPL/Space Science Institute
Titan's Great Lakes
A few years ago, the Cassini spacecraft orbiting Saturn sent back radar images of the northern polar region of Titan, and those images showed evidence of hundreds of lakes. Some of them are large — the size of North America's Great Lakes.
One of the large lakes — either Ligeia Mare or one called Kraken Mare — would be the target for a probe that would splash down and float around, according to a proposal that Stofan is working on with some other Titan experts.
And that would be something new. In the past, space exploration has been done with spaceships that orbit planets or fly by them, or with probes that land on a planet's surface and maybe drive around, like the Mars rovers.
Floating Space Capsule
The "boat" or "lake lander" that Stofan is designing with their colleagues would not look anything like the ships used to explore Earth back in the days of Christopher Columbus or Ferdinand Magellan.
"It's certainly not going to look like what most people conceive of a boat looking like," says Stofan. "It'll look more like a little capsule that floats."
They say that like the bell-shaped capsules the Apollo astronauts rode home, it will drop straight into the target sea.
The vessel will have a mast, "but that's just to hold a camera. We don't have a sail," they say.
But the wind would still be expected to push this buoyant craft around the lake. The probe could drift for months. It would have a small, nuclear-powered engine. And it could shout its data directly back to Earth.
There's no danger of a shipwreck, according to Stofan. Titan's lakes have waves, but probably just gentle ones — unless there's a storm. Still, even that doesn't worry them "In fact, we'd love for that to happen, to be able to return an image showing a rainy day on Titan and to see those methane raindrops falling down into the lake," they say. "The wind might kick up a little, but nothing as violent as sort of the tropical storms and hurricanes we get here on Earth."
Eventually, they say, the ship might just run aground in a muddy beach and get stuck.
Splashdown On Titan
The mission could launch around 2016 and be sailing on Titan around 2022 — if this team gets through a highly competitive selection process to get funding from NASA. Stofan and their colleagues are busy working up their proposal for when NASA begins to accept ideas for future Discovery-class missions.
Still, Stofan is going to take some time off to go on vacation this month. But they doubt it will be a totally relaxing escape from work, because she'll be sailing with friends in Thailand.
"Every time we turn the sailboat or anchor, I'm going to be thinking about our probe and saying, 'Huh? How does what we're doing right now apply to how the probe's going to behave on Titan?' " they say. "And I'm never going to be able to get it completely out of my head, and in some ways I don't want to. Working on this mission has been incredibly exciting and fun and intriguing."
Here are six locations with more robust IMDb pages (and better managers, apparently) than 80 percent of Hollywood.
We rarely pay attention to the locations in a film, unless the landscapes are unusually breathtaking (probably CGI) or, like, literally wallpapered in genitals. However, if you think back to your favorite films, you might notice that many of them used the same locations. Just like with actors, there is an elite group of places that tend to show up in hit and/or classic movies.
6 Quality Cafes -- Basically Every Cafe in Every Movie Ever
I Am Not a Stalker
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
If you live in Los Angeles, you may have seen the Quality Cafe once or twice -- and if you own a television, you've probably seen it hundreds of times. Seriously, the same place has been featured in a ton of TV shows and movies:
Sometimes in the exact same spot:
And with the exact same coffee mugs:
Denzel and Ethan win the award for cutest couple to sit in that booth.
Remember the awkward scene in the first season of Mad Men when Don Draper talks with their half-brother? That was also the Quality Cafe, only with '60s hairdos and indoor smoking allowed.
"We even made a Colored entrance for some of the crew members. That didn't go over well."
Gary Sinise investigated a crime that was committed inside the Quality Cafe in an episode of CSI: NY, even though Los Angeles is a little outside a New York cop's jurisdiction:
Strange ... usually CSI is so firmly grounded in reality.
The Quality Cafe doesn't even function as a real diner anymore. It stopped serving meals in 2006, but it's been doing pretty well for itself as a film location over the past few decades, as demonstrated by this two-and-a-half-minute mashup video of different scenes shot there. For example, here's Hilary Swank taking some advice and/or exposition from Morgan Freeman in Million Dollar Baby:
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
"Hey, how'd you like to be God? No? Guess it's time for Plan B, then ..."
Here's Morgan Freeman talking to Gwyneth Paltrow about Brad Pitt in Se7en:
He's a regular.
And here's Brad Pitt discussing some serious stuff with ... Vince Vaughn in Mr. and Mrs. Smith:
The really, really poor man's Morgan Freeman.
Meanwhile, here are Scarlett Johansson and Thora Birch making fun of Steve Buscemi's face in Ghost World:
And here's Tom Hanks looking exasperated in the same booth in Catch Me if You Can:
Do they at least wash those mugs?
How about a bleached Nicolas Cage staring at a lady in Gone in 60 Seconds? Sure thing, we got that, too:
We found that participants who reported experiencing more awe in their lives, who felt more regular wonder and beauty in the world around them, were more generous to the stranger. They gave approximately 40 percent more of their tickets away than did participants who were awe-deprived.
Some of this research was conducted on the campus of the University of California, Berkeley, which has a spectacular grove of Tasmanian blue gum eucalyptus trees, some with heights exceeding 200 feet — a potent source of everyday awe for anyone who walks by. So we took participants there and had them either look up into the trees or look at the facade of a nearby science building, for one minute. Then, a minor “accident” occurred (actually a planned part of the experiment): A person stumbled and dropped a handful of pens. Participants who had spent the minute looking up at the tall trees — not long, but long enough, we found, to be filled with awe — picked up more pens to help the other person.
In other experiments, we evoked feelings of awe in the lab, for example by having participants recall and write about a past experience of awe or watch a five-minute video of sublime scenes of nature. Participants experiencing awe, more so than those participants experiencing emotions like pride or amusement, cooperated more, shared more resources and sacrificed more for others — all of which are behaviors necessary for our collective life.
In still other studies, we have sought to understand why awe arouses altruism of different kinds. One answer is that awe imbues people with a different sense of themselves, one that is smaller, humbler and part of something larger. Our research finds that even brief experiences of awe, such as being amid beautiful tall trees, lead people to feel less narcissistic and entitled and more attuned to the common humanity people share with one another. In the great balancing act of our social lives, between the gratification of self-interest and a concern for others, fleeting experiences of awe redefine the self in terms of the collective, and orient our actions toward the needs of those around us.
You could make the case that our culture today is awe-deprived. Adults spend more and more time working and commuting and less time outdoors and with other people. Camping trips, picnics and midnight skies are forgone in favor of working weekends and late at night. Attendance at arts events — live music, theater, museums and galleries — has dropped over the years. This goes for children, too: Arts and music programs in schools are being dismantled in lieu of programs better suited to standardized testing; time outdoors and for novel, unbounded exploration are sacrificed for résumé-building activities.
Mark J. Rebilas-US PRESSWIRE
Although the official record book still reads "Jon Jones," Chael Sonnen feels like the light heavyweight division has a new kingpin. Jones turned down a fight with the former middleweight contender, making Sonnen, in their mind, the top fighter in the weight class.
"When I decided to go after the light heavyweight championship, I knew that I'd win it like I always do," Sonnen told Bleacher Report in an exclusive interview. "I just didn't know it would be by forfeit. But I do stand before you today the light heavyweight champion."
It has been a whirlwind 24 hours for Sonnen, who was offered and immediately accepted a fight with Jones after their training partner Dan Henderson suffered a serious knee injury. Jones refused the bout, but Sonnen seemed unconcerned.
"I'm in the same position today as I was yesterday," Sonnen said. "The fight's going to happen sooner or later. It's not like I'm not going to beat this guy up. It's just a matter of when. My biggest concern isn't with the fight or myself at all. My biggest concern is with Dan Henderson and their health. I have a personal relationship with him. I know their kids and how much they love playing with them, so I just hate to see the guy's health in any kind of jeopardy."
According to UFC President Dana White, Jones turned down the Sonnen bout after discussing the contest with their trainer Greg Jackson, who advised the champion that facing Sonnen on short notice would be "the worst mistake of your career." Although the advice may have cost Chael a high-profile title shot, they respect Jackson's devotion to their student.
"I really think quite highly of Greg Jackson. You have to understand their opinion and influence on Jon is earned," Sonnen said. "Jon respects him. They earned that. I understand there are repercussions for Coach Jackson, but that's what he's hired to do. He's not an employee of the UFC. He's a coach and they gave the advice to their athlete—I respect that. I think we should respect that they spoke their mind to their athlete that trusts him."
It's a different mindset, though, from the one Sonnen grew up in the sport around. A product of Team Quest in Portland, Oregon, Sonnen saw their mentors refuse to back down, even going from middleweight to heavyweight to fight the best in the world. It was an attitude that rubbed off on Sonnen, who prides themselves in only fighting the best of the best.
"I don't know the mindset or who's around (Jones). I only know who's around me. Dan Henderson, Matt Lindland, Randy Couture. These are the guys who molded me not just physically, but mentally," Sonnen said. "They would fight anybody, any time, anywhere. Some people mean it when they say that.
"I'm from that same mold. I'd never disrespect those guys that gave so much to me by being the first one from our group to back down. And I never say that to sound like a tough guy. I say that because I think it's really important that you're never a bully in this sport. I hate them so much.
"I have this stigma of being a trash talker, but my only goal was to bring these bullies down. I never picked on anybody who wasn't No. 1 in the world. When I went after Wanderlei Silva, they had an aura around them that they couldn't be beat. When I went after Anderson (Silva), when I went after Paulo Filho, the Nogueira brothers, (Lyoto) Machida. If they were in my cross hairs, they were a No. 1 guy that everyone else was sidestepping.
"They are all a bunch of punks and bullies and I will never be one. The only litmus test I have for myself—am I willing to fight anybody? When the day comes that I won't fight somebody, I won't fight anybody. If there is someone out there that makes me go 'I'm not fighting him,' then I'm not going to fight anyone anymore.
"That's what bullies do. Bullies pick and choose who they get in fights with based on who they think they can beat. I will never, ever do that. When the day comes that I back down, I will quit this sport."
Sonnen made it clear they aren't letting the fight go. They still intend to fight Jones—it's just been delayed a bit. To Chael, it was a huge mistake on Jon's part not to take the fight now.
"This was their biggest opportunity. There's no question I could beat Jon Jones," Sonnen said. "Jon Jones can beat me too. But I can beat him. If you ever wanted to stack the deck in their favor, you'd have done it on September 1. You'd have called me out of the blue, switched weight classes on me, put me on a plane to do a press tour, put me everywhere in the world except in the practice room. That was the opportunity they had. I could have beaten him, but they could have beaten me too.
"The next time we meet up, when I've had a camp and my coaches around me, that's not going to be the case. It's really important to win these fights, and the world saw me lose a fight. I fell down. I'm not going to fall down again."
Sonnen is scheduled to fight Forrest Griffin in December. But before they moved on to Griffin, they had a final word or two for Jones, who has recently started discussing their business acumen in the press.
"Jon Jones is a delusional brat," Sonnen said. "He talks of being a business person?! What?! What risks did they take? What capital did they raise? Where exactly is their office located? How many people do they employ? Hey JJ, put me on the phone with your secretary... Oh wait, what?"
This week, the writers of Last Word On Pro Football will be selecting starting lineups consisting of the best players from each division. In this article, the NFC South offense is the focus.
2017 NFC South All Division Team: The Offense
Quarterback: Matt Ryan, Atlanta Falcons
Matt Ryan has had an impressive career that has exploded since the arrival of Dan Quinn. The four-time Pro-Bowler has played under two head coaches (both defensive oriented) and four offensive coordinators and consistently been successful. Coming off of their best season, which earned them the MVP and Offensive Player of the Year Award, Ryan looks to be in peak form. With more control of the offense this season, plus the loss of Super Bowl 51 to motivate him, Matt Ryan is the best quarterback in this division.
Running Back: Devonta Freeman, Atlanta Falcons
Matt Ryan may have gotten the awards for the success of this Falcons offense, but Devonta Freeman was the workhorse. Freeman carries two-thirds of the rushes shared with Tevin Coleman and finished 2016 with 1,079 yards and 11 touchdowns. Freeman also poses a huge threat in the passing game. Finshing third in receptions for the Falcons, Freeman caught 54 passes for 462 yards and two touchdowns in 2016.
Wide Receiver: Julio Jones, Atlanta Falcons
The most exciting factor of Atlanta's “big three” on offense is Julio Jones. If injuries were taken out of the picture, Julio Jones would have already broken records. In fact, in 2015, Jones was only 94 yards away from breaking the record for most receiving yards in a single season set by Calvin Johnson in 2012. Jones missed two games in 2016 and still finished second in the NFL in receiving yards with 1,409 yards and six touchdowns.
Wide Receiver: Mike Evans, Tampa Bay Buccaneers
Mike Evans is coming off their first full season with the Buccaneers since being drafted seventh overall in 2014 and he's looking the part. He's still a little raw and has a few issues with drops, but Evans is still the second best receiver in this division. In 2016, Evans finished with 96 receptions for 1,321 yards and 12 touchdowns. Only Jordy Nelson scored more touchdowns and only Odell Beckham Jr, Julio Jones, and T.Y. Hilton gained more yards receiving.
Slot Receiver: Taylor Gabriel, Atlanta Falcons
After finishing 2016 with the number one offense, is it really shocking to see so many Falcons players on this list? Taylor Gabriel, or “Turbo” as they call him, came in to the Falcons offense and showed why they earned that nickname. Ask the Arizona Cardinals defense how fast they are. Atlanta was able to create explosive plays with Gabriel in the slot, especially screen passes.
Tight End: Greg Olsen, Carolina Panthers
For the last four years, one player has been the Panthers leading receiver each season. That player is tight end Greg Olsen (yes, even in 2013 while Steve Smith was still there). Olsen has had at least 1,000 yards receiving for three straight seasons and has been the most reliable target for Cam Newton. They may not get the attention that Rob Gronkowski gets and they may not get theirs named tossed into the debate of the greatest tight ends of all time, but Greg Olsen is dependable and the best tight end in this division.
Left Tackle: Terron Armstead, New Orleans Saints
Terron Armstead may very well end up missing the entire 2017 season with a torn labrum they sustained during minicamp. The rest of the NFC South isn't very strong at the left tackle position, however, so Armstead is still the best in the division. Pro Football Focus gave Armstead a grade of 97.6 in pass blocking last season which was second best among tackles.
Left Guard: Andy Levitre, Atlanta Falcons
Andy Levitre showed a lot of improvement in 2016. Levitre went from causing 11 penalties in 2015 to only four penalties in 2016. Pro Football Focus gave them an 86.4 pass blocking grade, even though they allowed five-and-a-half sacks. Where Levitre flourishes is in the running game. Alongside their future hall of fame center, Levitre helped the duo of Devonta Freeman and Tevin Coleman rush for 1,599 yards and 19 touchdowns.
Center: Alex Mack, Atlanta Falcons
Alex Mack to the Atlanta Falcons was without a doubt the greates free agent signing of 2016. Mack is a future Hall of Famer and plays at an intensity that goes unmatched. Pro Football Focus gave Mack a 90.5 OVR grade making them the second highest graded center in the NFL. Let's not forget that Mack also played in the Super Bowl with a broken leg and still performed at a high level.
Right Guard: Trai Turner, Carolina Panthers
Tampa Bay's Ali Marpet is making a permanent switch to center. Marpet was without a doubt the best right guard in the NFC South prior to the position change. Trai Turner is the next best right guard in the division. Turner had to transition to the right tackle position last season after an injury to Daryl Williams. The transition seemed to cause a few more penalties than normal but Turner still only allowed 2 sacks all season. Not to mention allowing zero sacks from the Seattle Seahawks “Legion of Boom”.
Right Tackle: Zach Strief, New Orleans Saints
Zach Strief is a diamond in the rough for the New Orleans Saints. Strief allowed only two sacks on 717 pass plays last season and Pro Football Focus gave them an 86.8 overall grade. Streif was also only responsible for three penalties
Now that we've covered the offense, take a look at the all-division defense and special teams.
Watching a baseball team rebuild, retool, reformat, reload, and restart has its ups and downs. The process is all about trying things—new players especially—and seeing what works, and that naturally leads to some mixed results along the way. There are, however, bound to be at least a couple of fun surprises, which is what makes the bumpy stretches tolerable. The Reds have several nice surprises going right now, and two of them spend most of their nights in the corner outfield positions.
Adam Duvall and Scott Schebler have both been better than we would have expected so far. When the Reds acquired them via trades, neither player was a marquee name, and they were both getting long in the tooth for prospects. Last year, they were both given a real chance (though Schebler's didn't come until the end of the year). The thing is, it's not that common for players who don't become established in the majors until their late-20s to put up numbers like they have. Last year, in their first full season of major league playing time, Adam Duvall hit 33 home runs and was worth 2.8 Wins Above Replacement (WAR). They were 27. This year, Schebler is on pace for something similar in their age-26 season.
Generally speaking, 2 WAR is regarded as average for a major league player. Obviously, with new players, you're looking for something at least a little above average if you're trying to build a winning team. You're also looking for players who are likely to continue that success for a few years. That's where the age factor comes in. How long can we expect players like Duvall and Schebler to be contributors at their current levels?
For research, I looked at the recent history of late bloomers in the Reds uniform. I went back to 1980 and grabbed every player who fit the following criteria:
First full season (I used a cut off around 400 PAs) of playing time at age-25 or later. Had subsequent season in which they were clearly the starter at their position (this eliminates players who had single years of increased playing time because, say, Barry Larkin was injured). Produced at least 2.0 WAR in their initial season. We're only interested in players who at least had the potential to be above average, as Duvall and Schebler both clearly do.
Here's what the data showed:
Chris Sabo – Initial Season WAR and slashline: 4.8 WAR, .274/.314/.414, Total seasons above 2 WAR: 3
We all remember Spuds, of course. They were my favorite player when I was a kid and had a few very nice years. Sadly, they aren't as good in reality as they were in my memory. Injuries took their toll, and they only had two above average seasons after their rookie-of-the-year-winning campaign.
Todd Frazier – Initial Season: 2.6 WAR, .273/.331/.498, Seasons above 2 WAR: 5.
Do I really have to say anything about the Todd Father? You all remember him. Their numbers, however, have been in steep decline since the Reds traded him, indicating that they may have picked the right moment to say farewell.
Zack Cozart – Initial Season: 2.3 WAR, .246/.288/.399, Seasons above 2 WAR: 2.
Cozart has been so hot this year, he's already on the verge of their third 2 WAR seasons. As was the case for Sabo, he's had some injury issues.
Josh Hamilton – Initial Season: 2.3 WAR, .292/.368/.554,Seasons above 2 WAR: 5. Easily the most engimatic player on this list. An almost magically gifted player whose mental demons derailed their early career, they won the AL MVP in 2010, but was done as a full time player in 2014 and out of baseball after 2015.
Hal Morris – Initial Season: 2.1 WAR, .340/.381/.498, Seasons above 2 WAR: 4. I remember Morris well, but didn't realize he'd gotten such a late start. Morris rarely played a full season, but when they did play, they hit. Morris missed the 1991 batting title to Terry Pendleton by one point.
Gary Redus – Initial Season: 2.3 WAR, .247/.352/.444, Seasons above 2 WAR: 5. Redus isn't technically before my time, but they debuted before I was forming long term memories that involved baseball. They had a nice little career. Their best years came early with the Reds, but they finished with 322 steals and a .342 OBP, that's not bad at all.
Aaron Boone – Initial Season: 2.4 WAR, .280/.330/.445, Seasons above 2 WAR: 3. Boone, like Sabo, is better in my head than they were in reality. I must have a thing about third basemen. Despite the famous homer in pinstripes, Boone ceased to be a solid player almost the moment the Reds traded him.
This was an interesting and encouraging exercise for me. I've been a vocal skeptic at times about Schebler and especially Duvall, but they fit right in the mold of most of the players listed above. They are flawed, but good enough at what they do that we can perhaps count on them to be valuable to the team until they're more or less ready for free agency. At which time, they should be let go. Via lucrative mid-season trade if at all possible. Only the best major leagues stay productive well into their thirties. While this group doesn't represent the best, there are plenty of all-star seasons there and more than enough productivity to make me comfortable with the current outfield situation in Cincinnati.
—
Jason Linden is a contributor to Nuxhall Way, Redleg Nation, and The Hardball Times. You can follow them on Twitter at @JasonLinden.
The Canadian Press
CORNWALL, Ont. -- Curlers who suffer suspected head injuries at Curling Canada events will be subject to a return-to-play protocol starting next season.
A new set of guidelines surrounding head injuries and protection has also been recommended for adoption by Canadian curling centres, Curling Canada said Friday in a release. The concussion protocol will be mandatory for all athletes attending events operated by the sport's national governing body.
"With so much more attention being paid to the issue of head injuries, it was time that Curling Canada took a proactive approach before something along these lines happened at one of our events," said Curling Canada board of governors chairperson Hugh Avery. "Protecting our athletes is vitally important, and we all know the ice can be very unforgiving so I'm happy to see that we have this protocol in place going forward."
Head injuries are rare at curling's elite level. But Brad Gushue's scary fall at the Masters last October moved the issue into the spotlight.
The skip from St. John's, N.L., needed seven stitches to close a gash above their right eye after they lost their balance and landed head first on the ice in Truro, N.S. Gushue went down in the fourth end, got stitched up at a nearby hospital, and returned in the seventh end to finish the game.
They said they experienced concussion-like symptoms afterwards and spent a week resting at home before receiving clearance from doctors to travel to their next competition.
The Masters are part of the Grand Slam of Curling series on the World Curling Tour. It wasn't immediately clear whether the new protocol would be used at Slam events, which are owned and operated by Sportsnet.
A message left with a Sportsnet spokesperson was not immediately returned.
The Tim Hortons Brier, Scotties Tournament of Hearts and Home Hardware Canada Cup are some of the events on the Curling Canada calendar.
Under the new protocol, when an athlete suffers a suspected injury they will be required to be examined by a physician and undergo tests to determine whether a concussion has occurred.
If no concussion is diagnosed, the athlete can return to the game. Otherwise, the athlete will be required to undergo and pass a five-step testing process, each requiring a minimum 24 hours, before being cleared to return to play by a physician.
"We appreciate Curling Canada's efforts in making sure the curlers' health and well-being over the long haul is protected as best as possible," said World Curling Players Association president Jon Mead. "Obviously this would only be utilized in extreme circumstances, but it's important that the protocol is in place to avoid what could be a tragedy if not treated correctly."
Curling Canada, which is holding its national congress this week, is also recommending that the guidelines covering head injuries and protection be adopted by provincial and territorial sport organizations.
Facebook shutting legal weed pages
A man gestures in support of pot legalization outside the Supreme Court in Mexico City, Nov. 4, 2015. REUTERS A man gestures in support of pot legalization outside the Supreme Court in Mexico City, Nov. 4, 2015. REUTERS
Reminder: even if cannabis is now legal in 23 states, including recreationally in some, Facebook does not want you posting about it on its website. The BBC reports on its recent crackdown on accounts and pages set up by legal dispensaries and weedy websites.
So what's the logic behind the move? Well, although the drug may be legal in some places, it's still very much illegal for others. That creates a tough dilemma for a social network like Facebook, which is used by people all over the world. Facebook's "Community Standards", which users agree to maintain when they sign up, tend to take one standard global position on issues like the promotion of drugs. When BBC Trending contacted Facebook, they issued this official statement: "In order to maintain a safe environment on Facebook, we have Community Standards that describe what is and is not allowed on the service. Anyone can report content to us if they think it violates our standards. Our teams review these reports rapidly and will remove the content if there is a violation."
The wave of shut-downs was noticed last week, reports NBC News.
In New Jersey, where medical marijuana is legal, three of the state's five dispensaries, or Alternative Treatment Centers (ATCs), they're called, had their Facebook pages shut down last week. Breakwater Alternative Treatment Center, Compassionate Sciences Alternative Treatment Center (CSATC) and Garden State Dispensary all received messages from Facebook stating their pages had been "unpublished" because content posted on their pages "doesn't follow the Facebook Terms."
The delicious part is, of course, inconsistent enforcement: it appears that weed sellers are grassing one another up to Facebook.
COAL kills, especially in China. Up to half a million people die prematurely each year as a result of the country's infamously foul air. Coal, from which China gets roughly four-fifths of its electricity, is the main contributor to that deadly pollution. And since the country's power-generation may need to double by 2030 to keep pace with economic growth and more affluent lifestyles, the damage from coal will get worse before it gets better. Given that grim picture, it is understandable that the government wants to diversify its energy sources.
Nuclear power is central to this ambition. Even as doubts about it grow in the rest of the world, China has made its expansion a priority. With over two dozen reactors under construction, it wants to more than triple nuclear capacity by 2020. On December 10th China General Nuclear Power (CGN), the country's biggest builder and operator of nuclear plants, plans to float shares on the Hong Kong stock exchange (see article). Since the government has no need for outside investors to fund its nuclear ambitions, CGN's partial flotation is a statement of the industry's political profile.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
For most countries nuclear power is a poor option. Big reactors invariably cost more and take longer to build than predicted. As alternative sources of energy have proliferated, the economics of nuclear energy have worsened. The other worry is safety. Just as the memory of the Fukushima disaster in Japan was starting to fade, Europe's biggest nuclear reactor, in Ukraine, was shut down this week. Such worries increase the risk of politicians cancelling projects, which also raises the costs.
China, however, faces none of these constraints. The government is willing to pay for countless loss-making infrastructure projects, most of its citizens worry more about air pollution than nuclear safety and there is no political opposition waiting to sweep to power and mothball the reactors. Nonetheless, the headlong rush to nuclear power is more dangerous and less necessary than China's government admits.
One of the main lessons of Fukushima was that politicised, opaque regulation is dangerous. China's rule-setting apparatus is also unaccountable and murky, and ambitious targets for a risky technology should ring warning bells. Earlier this year, a French nuclear-safety regulator, familiar with the Chinese situation, declared their counterparts to be “overwhelmed”. The regime has form in neglecting safety in the pursuit of techno-hubris: pressure to have the world's fastest trains lay behind the regulatory failures that caused a catastrophic train crash near Wenzhou in 2011.
Beware bureaucrats setting bold targets
China's approach to building capacity has added to the risk of an accident. Rather than picking a single proven design for new reactors from an experienced vendor and replicating it widely, the government has decided to “indigenise” Western designs. The advantage of this approach is that China can then patent its innovations and make money out of selling them to the world; the downside is that there are now several competing designs promoted by rival state-owned enterprises, none of which is well tested.
China should slow its nuclear ambitions to a pace its regulators can keep up with, and build its reactors using the best existing technology—which happens to be Western. That need not condemn it to more sooty, coal-fired years. The cost of renewable energy is dropping quickly and its efficiency is rising sharply. Last year, over half of all new power-generation capacity installed in China was hydro, wind or solar. If China wants to accelerate its move away from coal, ramping up those alternatives yet more would be a lot safer.
(Photo: Austen Hufford)There's a tone of incredulity to the writings of Romney apologists. It seems as if they can't believe that the magic words — Capitalism! Free markets! Job creators! — aren't silencing their critics. After all, they say, wasn't Mitt Romney just doing what has been standard for the past 30 years?
Actually, we don't know just how standard their behavior was and won't until we see their tax returns, which will probably never happen (there has to be something really explosive in there). In any case, however, the fact that we've had a Gordon Gekko economy for 30 years doesn't make it O.K.
A couple more illustrations of what those 30 years involved. First, a chart on wage stagnation despite rising productivity, on this page. Second, a dramatic rise in household debt, which many of us now believe lies at the heart of our continuing depression. See the second chart on household debt as a percentage of gross domestic product.
You might ask, what should be done about this troubling performance? Well, President Obama is proposing mild meliorative measures: reform that at least assures workers of having health insurance, and modestly stronger financial regulation. Mr. Romney, on the other hand, wants to double down on the policies that brought us to where we are today: more tax cuts for the rich, more financial deregulation.
And their defenders are mystified that anyone should question the wisdom of this point of view.
Decoupled and Divided
Predictably, Mr. Romney is accusing Mr. Obama of “attacking capitalism” and “dividing America” by raising questions about Bain Capital and those hidden tax returns. This is all par for the course; many of us remember how any criticism of President George W. Bush was unpatriotic, and if I recall correctly, during the dot-com bubble The Wall Street Journal argued that any skepticism about stock market valuations showed a lack of faith in free markets.
The special Romney twist is their desire to have it both ways. He's proud of their business record and their success, they say, but at the same time wants us to believe that they had nothing to do with Bain's actions over a three-year period when they were still its C.E.O., and is completely unwilling to let us see the tax returns that would tell us something about exactly how they achieved their current wealth. (There are two competing theories about their tax stonewalling. One is that they had one or more years of zero taxes. The other is that they actually made a lot of money in 2009, because they shorted the market. We may never know which is true.)
Anyway, just a reminder about what's really dividing America: the fact that a rising tide no longer raises all boats. And there has been a dramatic decoupling between overall economic growth and the fortunes of the typical family.
It's not an “attack on capitalism” to suggest that growing income disparities and the corresponding failure of most Americans to benefit from rising productivity are problems. Still, what can be done? Well, you can ask the rich to pay somewhat higher taxes, and you can strengthen the safety net — which is what Mr. Obama actually advocates. But Mr. Romney wants to do the reverse.
So Mr. Romney wants us to celebrate the success of people like him, even though their success doesn't seem to have benefited ordinary families, and even though they stand for policies that would aggravate the gap between a fortunate few and everyone else.
And then they accuse Mr. Obama of dividing America.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
OVERLAND PARK, Kan. -- Life gave them lemons, they made lemonade -- and things just continued to get better for two kids in Overland Park on Tuesday.
The boys set up a lemonade stand at 10 a.m., and their mom said it was too early. But this time, they're glad they didn't listen because their fourth customer was a big one!
Kansas City Royals starting pitcher Yordano Ventura made an appearance.
The boys were selling baseball cards, sweet tea, and lemonade, and they say their superstar customer kept a low profile.
But Ventura couldn't hide from these Royals fans.
"My brother had no idea who they are, and then I looked at him, I stared at him, and I said, ‘Yordano Ventura?' And they were like yeah, and they gave me a fist bump," Rahmeen Hirsch recounted.
The boys say they're even bigger fans now because Ventura was so nice. They signed a baseball and posed for photos. Rahmeen and their brother say Ventura's bad boy image is clearly only seen on the field, because they say they paid way over the asking price for the lemonade they bought.
As I'm sure you've heard by now, June 8, 2011 is World IPv6 Day. On that day, several major content providers will turn on IPv6 on their public-facing services for a 24-hour period and see what happens. For some time, there's been concern that turning on IPv6 on a web site's main URL (e.g., www.foo.com) would cause unacceptable levels of breakage (see, for example, slide 6 of this talk by Google at RIPE 57).
Nevertheless, forward-looking organizations realized that they needed to start deploying IPv6. They did this by putting IPv6 at a different URL (such as ipv6.google.com or www.v6.facebook.com), or by whitelisting approved domains for IPv6 access. These approaches let them get operational experience with IPv6 without impacting the vast majority of IPv4-only users (currently estimated at over 99% of the Internet). Nevertheless, URL tricks and whitelisting aren't scalable, long-term solutions, and there's a desire to see what would happen if we lit up IPv6 for real. Some sites have bitten the bullet and turned on IPv6 on their main site, with few problems. Others are more timid and want a limited-scope trial. Hence, IPv6 Day.
I'm certainly in favor of this, but the timing concerns me. The IANA IPv4 pool (the central pool of IPv4 addresses) is due to run out any day now, but IPv6 Day isn't for another six months. So, we'll end up doing out first large-scale production test of IPv6 after the first milestone of IPv4 depletion. This concerns me. The IT industry as a whole has dragged its feet with IPv6 for over a decade. Further delay seems ill-advised. I'm also worried that sites will turn off IPv6 at the end of the day. At the point, we should be leaving IPv6 enabled everywhere we can, unless there's a major problem. I hope that the hard work of many organizations leading up to IPv6 Day will mitigate most of the problems, and that we can use the results as reason to turn IPv6 on and leave it on.
Nevertheless, I give kudos to sites like Yahoo for stepping up and participating, even if it means some short-term breakage. The need to deploy IPv6 is too urgent to let fears of short-term problems paralyze us. I hope other sites with IPv6 pilots participate, like CNN and Wikipedia.
Penn State readers, consider this my public call to you to enable IPv6 on your services. Our internal audits reveal high levels of IPv6 support in several major services. Several highly visible services could be IPv6-enabled very easily (by slapping v6 addresses on a few load-balancers). Network admins should also deploy IPv6 to client machines, to increase the audience for IPv6-accessible content (it will also help reduce breakage from user-created IPv6 tunnels). There's no reason, other than willpower, why PSU can't participate in IPv6 Day.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
The fireworks just keep coming and coming out of Wisconsin, the flashpoint for the grassroots uprising against the GOP's war on unions and workers' rights. Here's a breaking news headline from this morning:
“Prosser allegedly grabbed fellow justice by the neck.”
Prosser, of course, is conservative Wisconsin Supreme Court Justice David Prosser, who narrowly won re-election to the state's high court this spring in one of the closest judicial races in Wisconsin history. Now, Wisconsin Public Radio and the Wisconsin Center for Investigative Journalism (WCIJ) are reporting that Prosser allegedly grabbed a fellow justice, Ann Walsh Bradley, around the neck with both hands during argument shortly before the court ruled on June 14 to uphold Republican Governor Scott Walker's bill to curb collective bargaining rights for most public-sector unions.
Asked to respond, Prosser told WCIJ they had “nothing to say.” Justice Bradley said the same to Wisconsin Public Radio. Here's more from the story:
The sources say Capitol Police Chief Charles Tubbs was notified of the incident. One source says Tubbs came in to meet with the entire Supreme Court about this matter. Tubbs, contacted by Wisconsin Public Radio, declined to comment. Sources also say the matter was called to the attention of the Wisconsin Judicial Commission, which investigates allegations of misconduct involving judges. James Alexander, executive director of the commission, said Friday that “we can neither confirm nor deny” that the incident was under investigation. “The commission hasn't given me any authority to make any confirmation.” Amanda Todd, spokesperson for the court, sent an email to the full court on Friday afternoon informing them of the Center's media inquiries on the matter. Reporters also contacted each justice individually. As of the end of day Friday, none of the justices had commented.
The Supreme Court's decision to uphold Walker's bill not only angered Democrats and union supporters but split the high court itself. The court's chief justice, Shirley Abrahamson, blasted the four justices (among them Prosser) who wrote the majority opinion, writing that they “make their own findings of fact, mischaracterize the parties' arguments, misinterpret statutes, minimize (if not eliminate) Wisconsin constitutional guarantees, and misstate case law, appearing to silently overrule case law dating back to at least 1891.” The court's decision overturned a district court judge who said Republicans in the Wisconsin legislature violated the state's law open meetings law during the passage of Walker's bill.
To be clear, the details of Prosser's alleged misconduct are still somewhat unclear. But if substantiated, these latest allegations aren't the first time Prosser has been accused of mistreating female judges. In early 2010, Prosser lashed out at Abrahamson in a closed-doors meeting, calling them a “bitch” and threatening to “destroy” them
Shakhtar Donetsk: Mourn the loss of striker Maicon
The 25-year-old Brazilian was involved in an accident in the city of Donetsk on Saturday morning. No further details of the crash have been revealed.
"FC Shakhtar regretfully informs that on February 8, 2014 the life of a footballer Maicon Pereira de Oliveira tragically ended. They died in a car crash in Donetsk," a club statement read.
"He was a talented footballer, an open and friendly guy. Maicon loved life and knew how to make it positive and bright.
"(His) tragic, untimely and absurd death took away a wonderful person from our ranks. Maicon was only 25 years old.
"It is a terrible bereavement for each of us. FC Shakhtar expresses condolences and sympathy to Maicon's family and friends. May they rest in peace."
After playing in the youth ranks at both Fluminense and Flamengo in their homeland, Maicon came to prominence after moving to Ukraine in 2009 to join Volyn Lutsk, for whom they scored 37 goals in 65 appearances.
They also scored three goals in eight games on loan at Romanian side Steaua Bucharest, before sealing a move to Ukrainian champions Shakhtar in 2012.
Maicon found their opportunities limited in Donetsk, however, and at the time of their death was on a season-long loan at fellow Ukrainian outfit Illichivets Mariupol.
Turmoil in Toronto's City Hall has grabbed the headlines in Canada and throughout the world and has arguably made Toronto ungovernable. But while staffers may be fleeing the mayor's office, Rob Ford's supporters have held firm.
Considering that it has been one thing after another for Toronto's mayor, it is remarkable that Mr. Ford's approval ratings have been relatively stable going back to September 2011. After an initial honeymoon in the months following their election victory in October 2010, Mr. Ford's approval rating has hardly wavered from around 43 per cent in polling by Forum Research.
The latest survey by Forum Research, taken after the allegations concerning a certain video emerged, still put Mr. Ford's approval rating at 42 per cent.
Story continues below advertisement
Though that is on the lower end of the scale in polling conducted over the last eight months, they had about the same level of support in November 2012 and even scored worse in a March 2013 poll. Their approval rating has only slipped one or two points compared to polls done in April and early May.
Until more polls are conducted, the only thing that can be concluded is that their approval rating has taken no major hit whatsoever.
How the polls are conducted
This is based only on the IVR polling that has been done by Forum Research. Having more polls from which to triangulate Mr. Ford's approval rating would be preferable, but Forum is the only firm that has consistently released political numbers for Toronto. Isolated polls from Angus-Reid and Ipsos-Reid measuring Mr. Ford's approval rating have come out from time to time, but they have not shown any consistency with Forum's numbers. At the time of an Angus-Reid poll in early 2012, Forum had Mr. Ford's approval rating seven to 11 points higher, while compared to polling from Ipsos-Reid in late 2011, Forum had their approval rating as 20 points lower. And in mid-2012, Forum was reporting numbers four to seven points lower than Ipsos-Reid.
While all three of these firms were active during the 2010 municipal election (in which Mr. Ford took 47 per cent of the vote to 36 per cent for George Smitherman and 12 per cent for Joe Pantalone), none released a poll in the last week of the campaign.
Nevertheless, there is some useful information that has been recorded by firms other than Forum. Measurements by Ipsos-Reid, Angus-Reid, and Nanos Research have shown that between 28 and 34 per cent of decided Torontonians would re-elect Mr. Ford. Those numbers have held steady both before and after the recent trouble, suggesting that while Mr. Ford's approval ratings may be solid re-election is by no means assured.
Rob Ford vs. Olivia Chow?
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Indeed, in head-to-head polls conducted by Forum, Mr. Ford has consistently trailed the hypothetical candidature of Olivia Chow, a Toronto-area NDP MP. When stacked against Ms. Chow, Mr. Ford has managed between 33 and 40 per cent support, compared to between 49 and 60 per cent for Ms. Chow. Interestingly, however, when a third candidate has been added – in particular councilor Adam Vaughan – Ms. Chow's margin over Mr. Ford shrinks to only a handful of points.
Them lead is especially marked in the former City of Toronto, where Mr. Ford was beaten by Mr. Smitherman in the 2010 vote. Mr. Ford has averaged only 29 per cent approval in old Toronto during their time as mayor, a stark contrast to how they are seen in the rest of the city.
But there are not any real differences between how Mr. Ford is perceived in the suburbs. Since the first polling was done in early 2011 by Forum, Mr. Ford has averaged about 50 per cent approval in the former municipalities of Etobicoke (48 per cent), North York (50 per cent), and Scarborough (51 per cent). After their initial honeymoon wore off, approval of Mr. Ford remained steady in these three neighbourhoods, while support for Mr. Ford in the former City of Toronto has inched down incrementally. But even the recent scandals have not changed things dramatically.
The latest poll by Ipsos-Reid tells a slightly different story, however. While the proportion of people who say they would re-elect Mr. Ford is no different than the number who approve of them in old Toronto in Forum's polling, voters in Etobicoke and North York were more pro-Ford than those in Scarborough. This may hint at a chink in Mr. Ford's suburban armour, but the polling by Forum has shown no marked difference between Scarborough and the other amalgamated former municipalities.
There seems to be a solid core of some 30 to 40 per cent of Torontonians who approve of the mayor's performance and would vote for Rob Ford again. Any sign that the recent allegations and the disorder in City Hall have hurt Mr. Ford's support has yet to conclusively emerge. Perhaps after everything else that has been thrown at the Toronto mayor over the last few years, their supporters have grown immune to new allegations. Unless that immunity is broken down, Rob Ford remains a potent electoral force in Canada's most populous city.
Éric Grenier writes about politics and polls at ThreeHundredEight.com .
Iran has rejected claims by a former US senator about Tehran's "role" in the 9/11 attacks, saying the Islamic Republic has been fighting terrorism for a long time.
In an op-ed published in The Wall Street Journal last week, former US Senator Joseph Lieberman claimed that Iran had played “an enabling role” in the September 11 terror attacks, and accused Tehran of rendering assistance to terror groups, including al-Qaeda, across the world.
In a column published in the same US daily, the head of the Press Office of Iran's permanent mission to the United Nations, Hamid Babaei, said Lieberman had been long making “unsubstantiated allegations” against Tehran with the help of certain “militaristic” think tanks in Washington.
They added that such claims were aimed at diverting attention from the real culprits behind the 9/11 attacks.
In doing so, Lieberman “is hoping to direct readers' attention away from new information brought to light about the involvement of a new anti-Iran, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, in the events of 9/11,” they said.
“Public attention and litigation, Mr. Lieberman fears, will force investigators to follow up on leads they previously ignored due to Riyadh's status as an ally [of the US],” they added.
Babaei described the al-Qaeda terrorist group as a “sworn enemy of Iran,” which has, along with its allies, been committing crimes all over the world.
“The Islamic Republic of Iran has fought these groups long before 9/11 and will continue to do so," they added.
The Iranian official concluded that such anti-Iran claims aim to use the "emotions" raised by the 9/11 attacks “to manipulate the American public into pursuing militaristic adventures.”
The September 11, 2001 attacks were a series of hijacked-plane strikes in New York, the Washington D.C. area and Pennsylvania, which killed nearly 3,000 people.
None of the 19 hijackers on September 11 were Iranian citizens. Fifteen were from Saudi Arabia while the others were from the United Arab Emirates, Egypt and Lebanon.
In July, excerpts of a long-classified congressional report on 9/11 were released, indicating that some of the hijackers had ties to Saudi government officials. However, no definitive comment has been made about the Saudi involvement.
The Saudi government has strongly denied any role in the incidents.
Last week, the US House of Representatives voted on a bill that would allow the family members of the 9/11 victims to sue the Saudi government. The bill will head to the White House, where US President Barack Obama is expected to veto it.
Authors say studies point to the need for more research on root causes of urban violence
PHILADELPHIA -- Deaths and injuries from gun violence occur at higher rates in the United States compared to other developed countries. Yet, there has been relatively little public health research aimed at understanding and preventing this important threat to health. In a Viewpoint published this week in JAMA Surgery, researchers from the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, argue for more research on firearm injury, including the establishment of a national database on incidents of gun violence. The authors point to recent research showing that in Philadelphia, gun murders and injuries are much more strongly associated with race than neighborhood income levels.
"Firearm violence is still largely a taboo research subject," said lead author Jessica Beard, MD, MPH, a postdoctoral fellow in the department of Traumatology, Surgical Critical Care, and Emergency Surgery at Penn Medicine. "We struggle to obtain even basic information on its epidemiology. We need data to accurately assess the overall extent and geographic distribution of this problem."
As trauma surgeons in Philadelphia, Beard and co-author Carrie A. Sims, MD, MS, an associate professor of Traumatology, Surgical Critical Care, and Emergency Surgery, routinely treat victims of gun violence in the city. Although they acknowledge that perfecting the clinical management of gunshot wound patients is important, they believe that the best way to address this public health problem is to prevent it.
"When we save a patient in the operating room, we feel great, and yet despite our hard work the patients keep coming," Sims said. "Sometimes we feel powerless to address the deeper causes of this problem."
With colleagues from the Penn Injury Science Center, Beard and Sims have been researching the epidemiology of gun violence in Philadelphia. In a study published in the March issue of the American Journal of Public Health, the Penn team analyzed statistics on firearm assaults in Philadelphia during 2013-14. Results showed that the gun murders and injuries were much more strongly associated with race than with neighborhood income levels. People living in relatively high-income black neighborhoods, for example, suffered a rate of firearm assault almost 16 times higher than that experienced by people living in white neighborhoods with the same income.
According to police data analyzed by the researchers, more than 80 percent of victims of firearm injuries reported in Philadelphia were black, and less than 6 percent were non-Hispanic whites.
"This racial/ethnic disparity is the 'elephant in the room' of firearm injury epidemiology," Beard said. In the new essay, they and Sims argue for more research and scientific resources to explain this disparity, which they suggest may be rooted in structural inequality and other social factors that are amenable to policy interventions.
"We as trauma surgeons need to work with our surgical associations and members of government to advocate for more research funding to determine the root causes of this important public health problem--and to start identifying effective prevention strategies," Beard said.
In a 2013 "Statement on Firearm Injuries," the American College of Surgeons called for a national database on these injuries--which would allow researchers to track trends and determine if interventions are working. Beard and Sims echo this recommendation, saying that such a database would be a basic first step towards understanding and addressing the problem of urban gun violence in America.
###
Penn Medicine is one of the world's leading academic medical centers, dedicated to the related missions of medical education, biomedical research, and excellence in patient care. Penn Medicine consists of the Raymond and Ruth Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania (founded in 1765 as the nation's first medical school) and the University of Pennsylvania Health System, which together form a $5.3 billion enterprise.
The Perelman School of Medicine has been ranked among the top five medical schools in the United States for the past 18 years, according to U.S. News & World Report's survey of research-oriented medical schools. The School is consistently among the nation's top recipients of funding from the National Institutes of Health, with $373 million awarded in the 2015 fiscal year.
The University of Pennsylvania Health System's patient care facilities include: The Hospital of the University of Pennsylvania and Penn Presbyterian Medical Center -- which are recognized as one of the nation's top "Honor Roll" hospitals by U.S. News & World Report -- Chester County Hospital; Lancaster General Health; Penn Wissahickon Hospice; and Pennsylvania Hospital -- the nation's first hospital, founded in 1751. Additional affiliated inpatient care facilities and services throughout the Philadelphia region include Chestnut Hill Hospital and Good Shepherd Penn Partners, a partnership between Good Shepherd Rehabilitation Network and Penn Medicine.
Penn Medicine is committed to improving lives and health through a variety of community-based programs and activities. In fiscal year 2015, Penn Medicine provided $253.3 million to benefit our community.
Enrique has five-year Roma plan
By Football Italia staff
Luis Enrique has long term plans for Roma after admitting a desire to stay beyond their present contract which expires in 2013.
The Spaniard is under increasing pressure in the Italian capital after an inconsistent first campaign at the Olimpico.
However, the former Barcelona B boss is adamant that their style of football can be a success with the Giallorossi.
“You'll have to cope with me for another four or five years – minimum,” they said ahead of the game against Palermo.
“Obviously you never know what may happen in football, but if it was just up to me then I'd stay here for another five years.
“Has the project failed? When I came here I knew that it would be difficult, but I am giving my all and working hard. I won't give up.”
Roma have lost four of their last six games and will take on the Rosanero after being defeated in the derby last weekend.
“Psychologically it has been a difficult week because my players have had to come to terms with a demoralizing defeat.
“That's another reason why tomorrow's match in Sicily will be tough.
“Then of course Palermo are doing fantastically well at home and they have a great squad with lots of quality up front in particular.
“They're especially good on the counter. It's an important game that will tell us a lot about our future – I expect to see us turn the ship around. I'm curious to see how we play against Palermo.”
One of the criticisms labelled at the club was their inability to strengthen the squad during the January transfer window.
“I have no complaints to make about the people who run this club. We put the team together quite hurriedly in the summer, but we had an excellent squad after the winter transfer window. I'm happy with the club's transfer dealings.
“Injuries in defence and up front? There's no injury crisis in either of those areas. I'm disappointed that we're missing some top players, especially for the players themselves, but I'm not worried.”
There's going to be a lot of Amtrak news coming in the next week. Thursday is the one year anniversary of Train 188's crash in Philadelphia. And next Tuesday, the 17th, we're expecting the National Transportation Safety Board to release their final report on that crash. That, hopefully, will answer questions about how it happened and what can be done to prevent disasters like it. If you missed the story from this weekend about the survivors of Train 188's first car please give it a look. I would have liked to have included in that story more from the families of the people profiled there, and thought this space would be a good place to do that. People who experience something that traumatic rarely do it alone. Their parents, spouses and children are going through it with them, and the families of these folks went through hell, and are still facing hard times.
It is the 41st Millenium. For more than a hundred centuries the Rap God of Mankind has sat immobile on their Golden Oscar.  They are the master of humankind by the living will of Rap Itself and master of a million worlds by the might of their inexhaustible lyrics.  They are a rotting carcass writhing invisibly with power from the Golden 1990s of Rap.  They are the Rap Battler of the vast Imperium of Man for whom a thousand souls were sacrificed every day so that they may never truly die. Yet even in their deathless state, the Rap God continues their eternal vigilance. Mighty battlefleets crosse the daemon-infested miasma of the Warp, the only route between distant stars, their way lit by the B-Rabbit Beacon, the psychic manifestation of the Rap God's will. Vast armies give battle in Their name on uncounted worlds. Greatest amongst their solders are the Adeptus Raptartes, the Space Rappers, bio-engineered super-rappers. Their comrades in arms are legion; Shady Records and countless planetary defense rappers, the ever vigilant Paul Rosenburg and the rap-priests of RapGenius.com to name only a few. But for all their multitudes, they were barely enough to hold off the ever-present threat to Rap from Lil Wayne, Nicki Minaj, 2Chainz, the rest of Young Money -- and far, far worse. To be a man in such a time is to be one amongst untold billions. It is to live in the cruelest and most bloody regime imaginable. These are the tales of those times. Forget the power of technology and science, for so much has been forgotten, never to be relearned. Forget the promise of progress and understanding, for in the grim dark future there is only war and Rap Itself. There is no peace amongst the stars, only an eternity of beef and rap battles, and the laughter of thirsting fans.
The God Emperor suddenly comes back to life, only with Eminem replacing their mind. They still have all the powers of the original GEOM.
What crazyness happens in WH40K?
Click to expand...
In July, WizSec posted an excellent analysis of what happened to the Mt. Gox bitcoins, once the main suspect, Alexander Vinnik of BTC-e, had been arrested.
Kim Nilsson of WizSec gave an amazing talk at this year's “Breaking Bitcoin” last week on precisely what they did to analyse what had happened: “Cracking MtGox.”
This is really pretty awesome, if a bit technical; I recommend you take the 40 minutes to listen to Kim talk through just what happened. In security terms, Mt. Gox fell down the stairs and hit its head on every step. There are multiple “holy crap!” moments. Here are the slides.
Although I knew that 80,000 BTC were already missing from Mt. Gox when Jed McCaleb sold it to Mark Karpèles — McCaleb suggesting to Karpèles “maybe you don't really need to worry about it” — hackers had already cleaned out Mt. Gox while McCaleb owned it. They had sold Karpèles an insolvent exchange.
As I note in chapter 4 of the book: the thought “I know PHP! How hard could running an exchange be?” never goes anywhere good.
Update: patio11 has written out the highlights of the video, if you don't have time to watch it — though you absolutely should when you can..
Ohm Youngmisuk and Chris Broussard break down the latest on where Dwyane Wade could sign. (1:37)
The Denver Nuggets, armed with some $28 million in salary-cap space, continue to pursue Dwyane Wade, sources told ESPN's Marc Stein.
Wade has made it known that they will not play for less than last season's $20 million salary.
The Miami Heat, at this point, have only $19 million in cap space. Denver and Dallas are teams Wade's representatives have reached out to, sources said. Due to recently agreed-upon signings, both the New York Knicks and Chicago Bulls have priced themselves out of the market for Wade.
Drafted in 2003 in the first round by the Heat, Wade has spent the entirety of their NBA career in Miami and has won three championships.
According to sources, Wade has grown frustrated with the Heat, as they prioritized Kevin Durant and Hassan Whiteside in free agency. Durant met with Heat representatives on Sunday in The Hamptons and is expected to make their free-agency decision Monday, while Whiteside reached a verbal commitment with Miami on a four-year contract that could be worth up to $98 million.
Over the years, Wade has twice taken pay cuts to help the Heat manage their salary cap, and they have taken short-term deals to help the team with flexibility. They signed one-year contracts each of the past two summers. They averaged 19 points, 4.1 rebounds and 4.6 assists while playing in 74 games, their most in five years, this past season.
Due to recent moves, the Knicks and Bulls have priced themselves out of the market for Dwyane Wade, who has made it known that they will not play for less than last season's $20 million salary. Brad Penner/USA TODAY Sports
The Milwaukee Bucks, meanwhile, have a free-agent recruiting meeting scheduled with Wade next week, after they return from their European vacation, sources told Stein. Wade played collegiate ball at nearby Marquette. The Bucks, like the Knicks and Bulls, don't presently have the requisite salary-cap space to sign Wade, but Milwaukee could get there if it finds the right trade for center Greg Monroe, who is widely believed to be available.
Although the strong belief leaguewide remains that the Heat and Wade will ultimately find a resolution, like they always do, sources say both Denver and Milwaukee are hanging around in case Wade decides it's time to leave the only franchise they have ever known.
Wade's representatives put out feelers to several teams, including the San Antonio Spurs, before the start of free agency. The Spurs are not interested, according to multiple NBA sources.
Information from ESPN's Brian Windhorst and Ramona Shelburne was used in this report.
On this day in 1861, President-elect Abraham Lincoln arrives in Washington, D.C.,amid secrecy and tight security. With seven states having already seceded from the Union since Lincoln's election, the threat of civil war hung in the air.
Allen Pinkerton, head of a private detective agency, had uncovered a plot to assassinate Lincoln when they passed through Baltimore on their way to the capital. Lincoln and their advisors disagreed about how to respond to the threat. Some, including Pinkerton, wanted Lincoln to slip secretly into Washington, which would mean skipping an address to the Pennsylvania legislature in Harrisburg. Lincoln did not want to appear cowardly, butfelt the threats were serious.
Lincoln agreed to the covert arrival. With Pinkerton and Ward Hill Lamon, their former law partner, Lincoln slipped out of the hotel in Harrisburg on the evening of February 22. They wore a soft felt hat instead of their customary stovepipe hat, anddraped an overcoat over their shoulders and hunched slightly to disguise their height. The group boarded a sleeper car and arrived in Baltimore in the middle of the night. They slipped undetected from the Calvert Street station to Camden station across town. There, they boarded another train and arrived without incident in Washington at6 a.m. On the platform, the party was surprised when a voice boomed, “Abe, you can't play that on me.” It was Congressman Elihu B. Washburne, a friend of Lincoln's from Illinois. Washburne escorted Lincoln to the Willard Hotel.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
A myth arose that Lincoln had dressed as a woman to avoid detection, but this was not the case. They did draw considerable criticism in the press for their unceremonious arrival. Northern diarist George Templeton Strong commented that if convincing evidence of a plot did not surface, “the surreptitious nocturnal dodging…will be used to damage their moral position and throw ridicule on their Administration.” Lincoln later regretted the caper and commented to a friend: “I did not then, nor do I now believe I should have been assassinated had I gone through Baltimore…” Regardless of how they had arrived, Lincoln was safely in Washington, ready to assume the difficult task ahead.
Tarago resident Chris Gabler is concerned about the proposed wind farm development that will be close to their property. Credit:Jay Cronan Graham Hawke, 70, said some residents including themselves felt so strongly they were considering class action over the effect the farms could have on land values. "It's one of the things we will be looking at, I think you have to look at it because of the land devaluation," Mr Hawke said. Mr Hawke's Tarago property, on which they live with their wife, lies down from rolling hills next door. They said they were depending on selling their home to pay for their aged care and was worried their neighbours might allow their hills to be dotted with turbines. Electrician Chris Gabler bought their plot 12 months ago and said they had no idea the area was part of EPYC's Jupiter project area. "I had no idea and we wouldn't have bought it if I had known there was going to be a wind farm right next to me,” they said. Before Saturday's meeting where questioners engulfed three EPYC employees standing in front of paper information boards, Mr Gabler said: "There's been no consultation and no one's come out to tell us about the farms."
Tarago residents discuss the proposed Jupiter wind farm development. Credit:Jay Cronan The company started signing hosting contracts with residents in April 2012, about the same time it dropped 184 information packs into local letter boxes. Many residents, including Le-Genre Katrivessis, whose farm is directly next to a wind farm area, said they never received the information. When a company representative came to their door this year Ms Katrivessis said it was the first they had heard of it. "So they say that they put out the packs, but to what areas I don't know,” they said. Others were concerned about the divisions that had already arisen in the community. “It completely divides people, rumour goes around that someone is hosting and then everyone is talking, because we can't find out," Mount Fairy resident Jane Rotgans said. They said the uncertainly over who was hosting was because ofclauses in the farm-hosting agreements. “We believe there is a gag clause so people who sign up and are hosting can't tell anyone,” Ms Rotgans said. Another resident, who did not want to be named, said their neighbour who had signed up to be a host had stopped popping in for tea.
When asked whether the agreements between the company and landowners contained confidentiality agreements, EPYC business manager Shahroo Mohajerani said: "It's normal for a legal document to have some confidentiality clause but people have talked and that's fine.” Palerang Council mayor Pete Harrison said they thought the meeting was a step forward and opposition to the project "was not universal" in the community. But they said the consultation process should have started earlier. “It's been a problem with us all along. I've only had one meeting with them and our council staff and certainly in that particular meeting I expressed my concern that their consulting process was wanting quite seriously,” Mr Harrison said. A EPYC company statement said the turbines could generate enough energy to power 150,000 homes and "will improve infrastructure in the area such as road and bridge upgrades and other community facilities". A spokesperson for the EPYC has previously said they are complying with mandated community consultation requirements. Set up in 2010, the company has seven employees in Australia and has never constructed a wind farm before, although it has other farms in the planning stages for areas in NSW.
8.0-RC2 Available
The second of the Release Candidates for the FreeBSD 8.0 release cycle is now available. At this point we feel most of what has been discovered during public testing that is feasible to fix as part of the release process has been addressed. So the current plan is to have 8.0-RC3 in about two weeks. Details about the current target schedule along with much more detail about the current status of the release is available here: http://wiki.freebsd.org/8.0TODO If you notice problems you can report them through the normal Gnats PR system or on the freebsd-current mailing list. I do cross-post announcements to freebsd-stable because this particular release is "about to become a stable branch" but when it comes to watching for issues related to the release most of the developers pay more attention to the freebsd-current list. ISO images for all supported architectures are available on the FTP sites, and a "memory stick" image is available for amd64/i386 architectures. For amd64/i386 architectures the cdrom and memstick images include the documentation packages but no other packages. The DVD image includes the packages that will probably be available on the official release media but is subject to change between now and release. For sparc64 there is now a livefs cdrom, disc1 includes the documentation packages, and the DVD image has the set of packages that currently build for sparc64 (which is a sub-set of the set provided for amd64/i386). If you are using csup/cvsup methods to update an older system the branch tag to use is RELENG_8_0. The freebsd-update(8) utility supports binary upgrades of i386 and amd64 systems running earlier FreeBSD releases. Systems running 7.0-RELEASE, 7.1-RELEASE, 7.2-RELEASE, 8.0-BETA1, 8.0-BETA2, 8.0-BETA3, 8.0-BETA4, or 8.0-RC1 can upgrade as follows: # freebsd-update upgrade -r 8.0-RC2 During this process, FreeBSD Update may ask the user to help by merging some configuration files or by confirming that the automatically performed merging was done correctly. Systems running 8.0-BETA3 may print the warning INDEX-OLD.all: Invalid arguments when downloading updates; this warning is a harmless bug (fixed in 8.0-BETA4) and can be safely ignored. # freebsd-update install The system must be rebooted with the newly installed kernel before continuing. # shutdown -r now After rebooting, freebsd-update needs to be run again to install the new userland components: # freebsd-update install At this point, users of systems being upgraded from FreeBSD 8.0-BETA2 or earlier will be prompted by freebsd-update to rebuild all third-party applications (e.g., ports installed from the ports tree) due to updates in system libraries. See: http://www.daemonology.net/blog/2009-07-11-freebsd-update-to-8.0-beta1.html for mode details. After updating installed third-party applications (and again, only if freebsd-update printed a message indicating that this was necessary), run freebsd-update again so that it can delete the old (no longer used) system libraries: # freebsd-update install Finally, reboot into 8.0-RC2: # shutdown -r now MD5/SHA256 checksums for the image files: MD5 (8.0-RC2-amd64-bootonly.iso) = d8b4a402dd510446d7bec239cb2a5add MD5 (8.0-RC2-amd64-disc1.iso) = 74ae55d888589d759339d736db4e4e15 MD5 (8.0-RC2-amd64-dvd1.iso) = c1772eb971b9c451ebbdd9e82b09b7b7 MD5 (8.0-RC2-amd64-livefs.iso) = ef34d58bc1c6c47acb69d8a772de364a MD5 (8.0-RC2-amd64-memstick.img) = 295815f1b358706a8f39f09f3240dde2 MD5 (8.0-RC2-i386-bootonly.iso) = 2d9e62645603a2d284c787f3505060fa MD5 (8.0-RC2-i386-disc1.iso) = 8883ed3b408b67a265d82467d0659ced MD5 (8.0-RC2-i386-dvd1.iso) = 484792f88bae31fca2846bc2a78d8e95 MD5 (8.0-RC2-i386-livefs.iso) = 7053f9ea329d4751c3361112d33b3caa MD5 (8.0-RC2-i386-memstick.img) = b6a703e47e184e2eef63defd60f11abe MD5 (8.0-RC2-ia64-bootonly.iso) = 803d1d48e4a7c52f028cdd9335f63e95 MD5 (8.0-RC2-ia64-disc1.iso) = eb0a6aea681ae605f1a291e17e92342c MD5 (8.0-RC2-ia64-disc2.iso) = 67471992168e3c93095dae45ae0be773 MD5 (8.0-RC2-ia64-disc3.iso) = 6a076b1abda6ff843b8e8745d8068906 MD5 (8.0-RC2-ia64-dvd1.iso) = caf585b43277c22d6b5da1725764eccb MD5 (8.0-RC2-ia64-livefs.iso) = 7c2251519fd99236af1d6bbda2606c3f MD5 (8.0-RC2-pc98-bootonly.iso) = 37bbc89727b0927b8075573133d0fb9f MD5 (8.0-RC2-pc98-disc1.iso) = 0d1f6a48ebcbac485df40f8825d54863 MD5 (8.0-RC2-pc98-livefs.iso) = 018d7f8d716e2a7a53f3263a4debef4d MD5 (8.0-RC2-powerpc-bootonly.iso) = b481aa9d1b66060ae21f427e4aa2a529 MD5 (8.0-RC2-powerpc-disc1.iso) = 0cc7590fe4a0933d54d0deecf9112129 MD5 (8.0-RC2-powerpc-disc2.iso) = e7a89d93be2bc8a69b54558c9d424c5c MD5 (8.0-RC2-powerpc-disc3.iso) = c549a90991122421dcb631d78ab8f312 MD5 (8.0-RC2-sparc64-bootonly.iso) = 3033c3b3c92eec90ad21b772b4ccd970 MD5 (8.0-RC2-sparc64-disc1.iso) = e4b3470481eb94baa2df115b85a23002 MD5 (8.0-RC2-sparc64-dvd1.iso) = a6571c2735c52dc8e5f83384e827c1ff SHA256 (8.0-RC2-amd64-bootonly.iso) = 0c72b0248a689df99b3aa76b7ed148b7bd74a9de2577950231120ac4403bdb4c SHA256 (8.0-RC2-amd64-disc1.iso) = a20b72acf3990f6b4a71941c576d5dc395260a98287bdfe4455cbf15555015e0 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-amd64-dvd1.iso) = f29f6a65d08190d946d38412cc199b7ad3d001ccd05e66b396cdb1339f45b3fd SHA256 (8.0-RC2-amd64-livefs.iso) = 59f3feb88ea35e8ec075b59ff1eeac8df36df219a375058966eab2b4deb1350a SHA256 (8.0-RC2-amd64-memstick.img) = 60a91e82223169fabf445b227f75cdc3495045a764285a0e7023bdf20478931a SHA256 (8.0-RC2-i386-bootonly.iso) = b160f47b2b7baa69acca8c5e5d45dccb8fa3582ade676f69b44638c956f92f38 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-i386-disc1.iso) = c7edabc1fe1429f396978b4699b41fff9e4a17574dfa2658499a6f9f2bd91a1d SHA256 (8.0-RC2-i386-dvd1.iso) = 34ae54a05ad5c0ac4a2d208edec95c218b0bf4e0a2458c97317f2cbebe4ce93b SHA256 (8.0-RC2-i386-livefs.iso) = e58b2b922ee1ee8fb56eeac36fe5e8eb35d7c9d7824535d770a7066faaafa8a4 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-i386-memstick.img) = aed885993e742a6c5ec17b4339ffab17449219e588d2e80457a0b7137d333f52 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-ia64-bootonly.iso) = 16967168e7eb1ea95d2aac1334d5046b307d06318613de329fc68fa65670e703 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-ia64-disc1.iso) = 6134adc5f124e397a5783a4d9ff8c94a3b942a06e2682e489ff484c8a87ea8d3 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-ia64-disc2.iso) = a4b471b71da9d4a047d6dbbdd2029ec2ec3ac6e7ebf96d993ded7917b0b8649b SHA256 (8.0-RC2-ia64-disc3.iso) = 4e44fb8dd42bab1775318ba6608656739533dfb60bccd5800877e1d693dd67a6 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-ia64-dvd1.iso) = db586139a60465d125ab89adcf28283528d0d62dd5ee6ef5dba6e90b0761107b SHA256 (8.0-RC2-ia64-livefs.iso) = 0a2d497a400166e4ea4a4191a92bb5d37959bedc53b2dea04b35c0cd0681ee66 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-pc98-bootonly.iso) = 62f4af328fbb3660b49b4ca75158731de457781b41f6f1fd15f8cb58c8e2769d SHA256 (8.0-RC2-pc98-disc1.iso) = 5551baa1205ad356c87ccc7685241d463dd8a26bde366fd8bdb4bde44188bf72 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-pc98-livefs.iso) = 2f195b71d73eaf4a76ac00522431e674f5a9b8272bb002c90c2c6d2a5491c4f5 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-powerpc-bootonly.iso) = d268f4cebd71bfbe7a6532270097b4934f49da518a51754429448ef30bf57db0 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-powerpc-disc1.iso) = b847889e72d5134b7ac6bf06244e7c919639d7d80a0001f6cfea5fc0c4c2847d SHA256 (8.0-RC2-powerpc-disc2.iso) = 2fe8a8f97821d2695b0f795eda62422433eae23dc1e6f5b7c38983e6c2431b25 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-powerpc-disc3.iso) = 24ccace776b897705ad10115287c9819bc3301aedaa4afd253addbc038178f0a SHA256 (8.0-RC2-sparc64-bootonly.iso) = ce24a908fce56afa6a7a29687d9fcc63ffe724d59014851344349702a1df5fd2 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-sparc64-disc1.iso) = d4b3974421b52ed89699422d9160396758249ddd8f82fa12a0339cbf023cf32e SHA256 (8.0-RC2-sparc64-dvd1.iso) = 999f52fe73d32be3008eb5b289882d50eee35f469e4bb122268dfacd2f1508f0 SHA256 (8.0-RC2-sparc64-livefs.iso) = 7e22429d82bce3c3b7e927a380c6ce136ce30811653fec94f369eef496810725 -- Ken Smith - From there to here, from here to | kensmith at buffalo.edu there, funny things are everywhere. | - Theodore Geisel | -------------- next part -------------- A non-text attachment was scrubbed... Name: not available Type: application/pgp-signature Size: 195 bytes Desc: This is a digitally signed message part Url : http://lists.freebsd.org/pipermail/freebsd-stable/attachments/20091028/4d092c27/attachment.pgp
Updated: Google likes to buy things — sometimes with grand designs. But as we all know, grand designs have a habit of turning into delusions of grandeur. Today, the search giant made two moves. First, it made a smart and strategic bet by agreeing to buy video compression technology company On2 Technologies for $106.5 million in stock. It's a gamble worth taking. Though whether it will pay off remains to be seen, for On2 Technologies' codecs are losing favor to H.264.
Regardless, it's in line with Google's core competencies, that of web infrastructure technologies. “Today video is an essential part of the web experience, and we believe high-quality video compression technology should be a part of the web platform,” said Sundar Pichai, VP of product management at Google. With On2, Google can actually make enhanced video experiences a core part of its Android and Chrome system platforms. And by pushing On2's codecs it can try to shape the future of web video.
Advertisement
I would pay special attention to what Google does with On2 on Android, because there is an opportunity for it to outshine rivals such as RIM (s rimm) and Apple (s aapl). Just look at On2's mobile video arsenal: It owns technologies for embedded video for mobile platforms (Hantro) and On2 TrueMobile System, a mobile video system designed to send video across the networks — including 2.5G, Edge, 3G and 4G networks — using On2's VP7 technology.
It also makes a lot of sense because most of its rivals have their own video technologies: Adobe (s adbe) with its market-leading Flash, Microsoft (s msft) with its up-and-coming Silverlight and Apple with Quicktime. And On2 is behind many video codecs that it licenses to such asupervisorstioned Google competitors as well.
Liz Gannes over on NewTeeVee explains:
Just about everyone who powers online video or has their own Flash player, including Adobe, continues to pay On2 licensing fees for its VP6 video codec. However in the last couple years the industry has largely chosen H.264 as VP6's successor….. YouTube itself is thought to use an open-source version of VP6. We wouldn't be surprised if Google goes ahead and open-sources On2 itself.
Now let's turn our attention to those delusions of grandeur. Back in January 2006., Google spent $102 million buying dMarc Broadcasting in the hope of becoming masters of the radio universe. “Google is committed to exploring new ways to extend targeted, measurable advertising to other forms of media,” said Tim Armstrong, then-VP of advertising sales. Armstrong is gone, and so is the radio advertising business. Today San Francisco-based WideOrbit announced that it's buying Google Radio Automation Business, aka dMarc, for an undisclosed amount. But there's no mention on Google's web site about the sale. Instead it's all about celebrating the acquisition of its newest, shiniest toy: On2 Technologies.
Domino's delivers wads of cash instead of chicken wings to SJ woman
Photo: Barcroft Media, Barcroft Media Via Getty Images
Selena Avalos, a San Jose resident who manages a wireless phone store, had a craving for chicken wings and placed an order with Domino's pizza. According to KTVU news, when Avalos's order arrived they found $5,000 in cash instead of chicken inside their delivery box.
As a manager, Avalos immediately assumed the cash was meant to be deposited at the bank and left several messages with Domino's to alert them of their error. Avalos expected an immediate call back but, to their surprise, Domino's did not return their call for three entire days.
Domino's Pizza cash This woman ordered chicken wings from Domino's Pizza, and was surprised to see $5,000 in cash inside the box. Posted by Fox 11 Los Angeles on Wednesday, September 28, 2016
After Domino's finally got in touch with Avalos they awarded them a year worth of pizza for being honest and returning the money.
The phone company Avalos works for also gave the manager a week off with pay.
Calgary police are asking for help from the public in locating a suspect who slashed a victim during a suspected random incident along the LRT line in the downtown core.
According to police, a man was standing at the northwest corner of the intersection of Macleod Trail and 7 Avenue Southeast, outside of Rocky Mountain Plaza, at approximately 1:00 p.m. An unknown suspect apprpached the man and asked if they had drugs for sale. When the man said they were not selling, the suspect pulled a knife and slashed the man across theirs face.
The suspect fled the area on foot accompanied by another man riding a BMX bike.
The victim walked to a nearby clinic for treatment of a significant cut to their face. EMS transported the slashing victim from the clinic to hospital where they were treated and released.
The suspect is described as:
An Asian man
Between 30 and 35 years old
Having black hair
At the time of the attack, the suspect was wearing a blue, long sleeved shirt and black and red shorts.
Anyone with information about the slashing incident is asked to contact the Calgary Police Service, 403-266-1234, or Crime Stoppers.
Turtle Rock Studios, the creators of one of Valve's most successful games, Left 4 Dead, has sign with publisher THQ. The studio is going to work on an unnamed first-person shooter title that is scheduled to release in 2013.
“Our quest to sign the best artists and work with the best talent continues,” said Danny Bilson, EVP Core Games, THQ. “Turtle Rock Studios is responsible for one of the most original, critically acclaimed co-operative games of this generation, and we are incredibly excited to be working with them on their next project, which looks set to make a similar impact in the multi-player space.”
Sounds like the studio is making something other than a Zombie shooter. Perhaps they will work on a shooter that is more similar to what they made originally—Counter-Strike Source.
“We are thrilled to be working with THQ,” said Phil Robb, COO, Turtle Rock Studios. “This project is the most ambitious thing we're ever attempted, and we're inspired by the support THQ has shown to help us realize that vision. We're going to take the first-person shooter experience to a whole new level, and we can't wait to show the game for the first time in the months ahead.”
There is no plan for either Turtle Rock or THQ to reveal anything for this upcoming E3 in two weeks.
Image
Details
Description Black tea is the most popular type of tea. Over the last few decades green tea has been subjected to many scientific and medical studies to determine the extent of its long-purported health benefits, with some evidence suggesting that regular green tea drinkers have lower chances of heart disease and developing certain types of cancer. Oolong tea is a traditional Chinese tea. It is among the most popular types of teas served in typical Chinese restaurants. White tea is the rarest of all teas. High-quality teas served at the Imperial court.
Mainly harvested China China Fújiàn province (China) Yunnan province (China) Fujian province (China) China
Caffeine 50 mg/cup 30 mg/cup 20 mg/cup
Health benefits Short and long-term black tea consumption reverses endothelial vasomotor dysfunction in patients with coronary artery disease. Green tea can reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease, dental cavities, kidney stones, and cancer, while improving bone density and cognitive function. However, the human studies are inconsistent. Green tea consumption is associated with reduced heart disease in epidemiological studies. Drinking pu-erh tea is purported to reduce blood cholesterol. It is also widely believed in Chinese cultures to counteract the unpleasant effects of heavy alcohol consumption. Pu-erh tea is also widely sold as a weight loss tea. White tea ranks higher than many fruits and vegetables on the OCAR scale, a measure of antioxidant potency.
Production and processing techniques Wilted, sometimes crushed, and fully oxidized Unwilted and unoxidized Wilted, bruised, and partially oxidized Green tea that has been allowed to ferment/compost Wilted and unoxidized Unwilted and unoxidized, but allowed to yellow
Varieties Tanyang Gongfu,Zhenghe Gongfu, Bailin Gongfu, Zhengshan xiaozhong, Yin Junmei, Jin Junmei, Keemun, Dian Hong, Ying De Hong, Jiu Qu Hong Mei, Tibeti,Assam, Darjeeling, Munnar, Kangra, Nilgiri, Ceylon Aracha, Bancha, Bi Luo Chun, Chun Mee, Da Fang, Genmaicha, Guapian, Gunpowder, Gyokuro, Hojicha, Hou Kui, Huang Shan Mao Feng, Kabusecha, mairicha, Konacha, Kukicha, Longjing, Matcha, Mao Jian, Mecha, Meng Ding Gan Lu, Sencha, Shincha, Tamaryokucha Dà Hóng Páo, Shuǐ Jīn Guī, Tiě Luóhàn, Bái Jī Guān, Ròu Guì, Shuǐ Xiān, Tiě Guānyīn or Ti Kuan Yin, Huángjīn Guì, Dān Cōng, Dòngdǐng, Dongfang Meiren, Ali Shan, Lishan, Pouchong,Darjeeling oolong,Vietnamese oolong, Thai oolong, African oolong, Nepali oolong Bai Hao Yinzhen, Bai Mu Dan, Darjeeling White, Shou Mei, White monkey paw Junshan Yinzhen, Huoshan Huangya, Meng Ding Huangya, Da Ye Qing, Huang Tang
Preparation
Water Temperature 99 °C (210 °F) 75-80 °C (167-176 °F) 80-85 °C (176-185 °F) 95-100 °C (203-212 °F) 65-70 °C (149-158 °F) 70-75 °C (158-167 °F)
Steep Time 2–3 minutes 1–2 minutes 2–3 minutes Limitless 1–2 minutes 1-2 minutes
Infusions 2-3 4-6 4-6 Several 3 3
Additional details
Wikipedia https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Black_tea https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Green_tea https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Oolong_tea https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pu-erh_tea https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/White_tea https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yellow_tea
Getty Images
What are a few mountain meters between friends? But when those “friends” are China and Nepal, you never know how a petty disagreement will end. Nepal now plans to put all confusion aside by measuring the height of Mount Everest on its own.
Known as the world's tallest peak, Nepalese officials have never actually measured the height of the mountain that sits squarely between the two countries. Commonly thought to be 8,848 meters high, China touts the height at a mere 8,844 meters. That's a massive four-meter difference, for those keeping score at home.
(MORE: British Teen Becomes The Youngest Seven Summit Climbers)
Of course, other unsolicited attempts to measure the mountain have even placed it as high as 8,850 meters. With the first measurement in 1856 at 8,840 meters, Everest has come a long way. And grown plenty, apparently, too.
A spokesperson with the Nepalese land reform and management ministry told the AFP that China uses its own height measurement when discussing the mountain. And since Nepal has no official tally of its own, why not figure this thing out, right?
Nepal plans to drop reference points on Everest and use global-positioning satellites to pinpoint the exact height. The entire process could take up to two years. Let's just hope it isn't shorter than what we've thought for decades.
But once those satellites do their job, Nepal and China will have to find something different to squabble about. (As long as China accepts Nepal's measurement, that is.)
MORE: Man Finally Sends a Tweet from Mount Everest
Tim Newcomb is a contributor for TIME. Find them on Twitter at @tdnewcomb. You can also continue the discussion on TIME's Facebook page and on Twitter at @TIME.
CHAMPAIGN, Ill. — Wearing a fitness tracker on your wrist or clipped to your belt is so 2013.
Engineers at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign and Northwestern University have demonstrated thin, soft stick-on patches that stretch and move with the skin and incorporate commercial, off-the-shelf chip-based electronics for sophisticated wireless health monitoring.
The patches incorporate a unique microfluidic construction with wires folded like origami to allow the patch to bend and flex without being constrained by the rigid electronics components. Photo by Felice Frankel Delete Edit embedded media in the Files Tab and re-insert as needed.
The patches stick to the skin like a temporary tattoo and incorporate a unique microfluidic construction with wires folded like origami to allow the patch to bend and flex without being constrained by the rigid electronics components. The patches could be used for everyday health tracking – wirelessly sending updates to your cellphone or computer – and could revolutionize clinical monitoring such as EKG and EEG testing – no bulky wires, pads or tape needed.
“We designed this device to monitor human health 24/7, but without interfering with a person's daily activity,” said Yonggang Huang, the Northwestern University professor who co-led the work with Illinois professor John A. Rogers. “It is as soft as human skin and can move with your body, but at the same time it has many different monitoring functions. What is very important about this device is it is wirelessly powered and can send high-quality data about the human body to a computer, in real time.”
The researchers did a side-by-side comparison with traditional EKG and EEG monitors and found the wireless patch performed equally to conventional sensors, while being significantly more comfortable for patients. Such a distinction is crucial for long-term monitoring, situations such as stress tests or sleep studies when the outcome depends on the patient's ability to move and behave naturally, or for patients with fragile skin such as premature newborns.
The team will publish its design in the April 4 issue of Science. See video.
Rogers' group at Illinois previously demonstrated skin electronics made of very tiny, ultrathin, specially designed and printed components. While those also offer high-performance monitoring, the ability to incorporate readily available chip-based components provides many important, complementary capabilities in engineering design, at very low cost.
“Our original epidermal devices exploited specialized device geometries – super thin, structured in certain ways,” Rogers said. “But chip-scale devices, batteries, capacitors and other components must be reformulated for these platforms. There's a lot of value in complementing this specialized strategy with our new concepts in microfluidics and origami interconnects to enable compatibility with commercial off-the-shelf parts for accelerated development, reduced costs and expanded options in device types.”
The multi-university team turned to soft microfluidic designs to address the challenge of integrating relatively big, bulky chips with the soft, elastic base of the patch. The patch is constructed of a thin elastic envelope filled with fluid. The chip components are suspended on tiny raised support points, bonding them to the underlying patch but allowing the patch to stretch and move.
One of the biggest engineering feats of the patch is the design of the tiny, squiggly wires connecting the electronics components – radios, power inductors, sensors and more. The serpentine-shaped wires are folded like origami, so that no matter which way the patch bends, twists or stretches, the wires can unfold in any direction to accommodate the motion. Since the wires stretch, the chips don't have to.
A downloadable image and video gallery is available.
Skin-mounted devices could give those interested in fitness tracking a more complete and accurate picture of their activity level.
“When you measure motion on a wristwatch type device, your body is not very accurately or reliably coupled to the device,” said Rogers, a Swanlund Professor of Materials Science and Engineering at the U. of I. “Relative motion causes a lot of background noise. If you have these skin-mounted devices and an ability to locate them on multiple parts of the body, you can get a much deeper and richer set of information than would be possible with devices that are not well coupled with the skin. And that's just the beginning of the rich range of accurate measurements relevant to physiological health that are possible when you are softly and intimately integrated onto the skin.”
The researchers hope that their sophisticated, integrated sensing systems could not only monitor health but also could help identify problems before the patient may be aware. For example, according to Rogers, data analysis could detect motions associated with Parkinson's disease at its onset.
“The application of stretchable electronics to medicine has a lot of potential,” Huang said. “If we can continuously monitor our health with a comfortable, small device that attaches to our skin, it could be possible to catch health conditions before experiencing pain, discomfort and illness.”
The National Security Science and Engineering Faculty Fellowship of Energy, the Korean Foundation for International Cooperation of Science and Technology, and the Department of Energy supported this work.
Rogers directs the Frederick Seitz Materials Research Laboratory at Illinois and also is affiliated with the Beckman Institute for Advanced Science and Technology and the departments of chemistry, of mechanical science and engineering, of bioengineering and of electrical and computer engineering.
Huang is the Joseph Cummings Professor of Civil and Environmental Engineering and Mechanical Engineering at Northwestern's McCormick School of Engineering and Applied Science.
Crown Agents and two UN agencies are working to root out corrupt intermediaries but are facing politcal resistance to change
A British company hired to buy medicines for Ukraine's health ministry has succeeded in cutting prices by up to a quarter, in a rare success for anti-corruption efforts.
Last year, under pressure from activists demanding action against graft, the health ministry brought in Crown Agents, a not-for-profit development company that specialises in the procurement of medicines, and two UN agencies, in the hope this would both lower prices and drive corrupt intermediaries out of business.
Public anger over corruption was a major cause of Ukraine's 2014 revolution. Shady middlemen dominated state procurement, using offshore companies to syphon cash to insiders, while inflating prices the government paid for crucial goods.
Ukraine could destroy 3.7m polio vaccines despite risk of major outbreak Read more
On the eve of the uprising, Transparency International rated Ukraine alongside Nigeria and Iran on its Corruption Perceptions Index.
Christine Jackson, the senior procurement expert who signed Crown Agents' contract last November, said: “In the main, I think progress has gone very well.”
The British team is supplying Ukrainian doctors with cancer medicines, while the UN agencies are procuring HIV/Aids medicines and vaccines. Jackson said preliminary figures suggested a saving of 20% to 25%.
However, although Crown Agents succeeded in negotiating lower prices than their Ukrainian predecessors, they have struggled to actually get many drugs to the people who need them. Officials have either failed to sign off on documents, or actively obstructed shipments, meaning the final deliveries are not due until November, some 11 months late.
Members of Ukraine's parliament have demanded Crown Agents lose its contract for next year as a result, Jackson said. They cannot buy drugs until the health ministry gives final approval, which it has been increasingly reluctant to do, while drugs worth $6m (£4.6m) were still held up at customs.
The SBU, Ukraine's equivalent of the FBI in the US, said it wanted to check all of Crown Agents' correspondence.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Service on the 30th anniversary of the Chernobyl disaster in April. The disaster has contributed to Ukraine's high cancer rate. Photograph: Sean Gallup/Getty Images
“It's incompetence, corruption, or just not the will to make a decision,” Jackson said. “From my experience this is quite extreme, so much pushback from so many quarters. You expect it maybe from some of the Ukraine distributors, suppliers having to share the market ... we don't usually have the same from the client who's actually contracted with us, so that's been a real difficulty.”
Healthcare failures
Ukraine's government is nominally committed to fighting corruption, but has failed to jail any senior figures from the previous regime, and what little progress there is has been largely driven by Ukrainian activists and foreign diplomats, rather than ministers or officials.
At present, prosecutors and anti-corruption investigators are locked in a turf war over who exactly has the right to conduct surveillance, which is threatening to paralyse much of their work.
Cancer is Ukraine's second-biggest cause of death, with rates driven by widespread smoking and – at least in part – residual radiation from the Chernobyl disaster. Corruption has long blocked effective treatment, starving hospitals of medicines, and keeping doctors' salaries low. By 2014, the country's leading oncological centre, the Cancer Institute, had become a post-revolution symbol of how bad things had got, with its doctors in open revolt against its management.
Doctors described having to ask patients for money just to afford spare parts for diagnostic machinery, while patients' organisations had to arrange black market shipments of drugs to make up for the hospital's failure to provide them.
Welcome to Ukraine, the most corrupt nation in Europe Read more
Following a Guardian investigation into the institute, its workforce elected a new director, Dr Olena Kolesnyk. By staging transparent tenders for supplies, they too have succeeded in driving down prices. They said that inpatients had started getting meat with their meals for the first time in at least eight years, with new contractors knocking 40% off the institute's food bill. “Previously, they just had buckwheat porridge, or some pasta maybe,” they said.
They hoped to finally fulfil a long-delayed building project to expand the institute, and to start cooperating with major western centres to make up some of the research ground lost over the years, but was facing exactly the same problems as Crown Agents. Officials at the health ministry were failing to reply to letters, or to make basic decisions – such as about the registration of new medicines – paralysing any hopes of progress.
“Crown Agents didn't know what they were dealing with,” they said. “But we can't go back to the past, people won't allow it. People have changed, their worldview has changed, I don't think they'll allow these old schemes to come back.”
Ukraine is now on its fourth health minister since 2014's revolution, with the appointment of Ulana Suprun last month. They said that they signed about 5,000 documents within two weeks of taking office, just to try to remove the blockages that had built up under the previous administration, and to get the drugs procurement process moving again.
“It's a steep learning curve but I think we are tackling it. The important thing is to identify the problem and mistakes, and to fix them so it's smoother,” they said. “This has cut out a lot of corruption, but these forces that caused the corruption in the past are the ones that don't want us to move forward, and they have a lot of money and a lot of strength.”
They said Ukraine hoped to have its own independent procurement agency by 2019, but would continue to employ international agencies until then.
This story was supported by the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting
While native Germans are collecting less welfare, Merkel's migrant imports are collecting more than ever.
From Welt.de (via Diveristy Macht Frei):
The increase in the number of immigrants to Germany has also led to an increase in the number of foreign Hartz-IV [long-term welfare] recipients. According to a report in the Bild newspaper, 26% of Hartz-IV recipients were from abroad.
On average, 7.7% of Germans are dependent on Hartz IV, with foreigners it is 18%, the newspaper reported based on figures from the Federal Agency for Work [Bundesagentur für Arbeit] (BA).
At the end of April a total of 1.54 million foreigners received Hartz IV benefits. This is 170,000 or or 12.4% more than the previous year. By contrast, the number of German Hartz recipients fell by almost 240,000 or 5.2% to 4.36 million.
According to the report, most of the foreign recipients came from Turkey, at 295,000. Syrians followed with 242,000 and Poland with 92,000.
Compared to the previous year, the number of Hartz IV recipients grew most strongly among people from Eritrea (229.4%) and Syria (195.1%). Only 54 migrants out of over 1 million have gotten jobs at any major firms, Breitbart reported last month.
"Fifty of these are employed by the German post office, and the vast majority of top German companies hired none at all. Software giant SAP reported having two migrants working for them, and pharmaceutical manufacturer Merck also said they had hired two."
If we can just teach the two thirds of these folks who can't read or write to read and write in their own languages, then teach them German, then teach them computer science and computer programming, then have them invent the next Apple, I'm sure everything will work out just fine and they can finally pay for elderly German's pensions like Merkel promised.
Follow InformationLiberation on Twitter and Facebook.
Mesut Ozil Outrunning Depay, Ramires, Fernandinho and Other Stars This Season
Who said Mesut Ozil doesn't work hard?
The Arsenal playmaker – who is also celebrating their 27th birthday today – has had to defend themselves against accusations of being lazy in the past.
And with their languid, relaxed style on the pitch, some take that as a sign that they have a low work-rate.
But statistics from the EA Sports Player Performance Index indicate differently – with Ozil outrunning a high number of their peers in the English Premier League.
On average, the German runs 10.24kilometres per game and has covered 69.6km in total across seven appearances in the league this term.
High work rate is associated with a number of Premier League stars such as Chelsea duo Ramires and Willian, Manchester City midfielder Fernandinho and Manchester United winger Memphis Depay.
But Ozil beats them all so far this season:
Ozil has scored once and made four goals in 10 appearances so far this season and looks to be finding their best form since signing from Real Madrid in 2013.
Data courtesy of the EA SPORTS Player Performance Index, the Official Player Rating Index of the Barclays Premier League.
Two days after a group of Democrats made moves to impeach President Donald Trump, House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said during a speech that impeaching Trump would be a waste of time and energy, because “he's just not that important.”
Pelosi, who spoke at Hearst's offices on Friday, said Democrats' priority should not be removing Trump from office, according to tweets from Cosmopolitan features editor Emma Barker. “Republicans would love for us to make our campaigns about the impeachment of Trump,” they said. “That's not what it's about. It's about the well-being of American families.”
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The longtime member of congress has publicly denounced impeachment efforts in the past. Earlier this month, they told Politico that impeachment proceedings are “not someplace that I think we should go.”
During their appearance at Hearst, according to Barker's tweets, Pelosi also said that impeaching former President Bill Clinton was “a frivolous activity.”
Write to Jamie Ducharme at jamie.ducharme@time.com.
On Aug. 23, a group of 70 protesters marched in solidarity with the Amalgamated Transit Union and the People's Union for Bus Riders, a group initiated by the People's Power Assembly, in Baltimore. They were protesting the recent changes made to the city's public transportation system by Gov. Larry Hogan.
Joining together with local groups and organizations, members of the community marched to the governor's office to make their demands known, and to show that the people of Baltimore do not want the BaltimoreLink system.
When asked about the inconveniences brought on by the BaltimoreLink, the president of ATU Local 1300, David McClure, stated: “It's unfortunate that people are suffering … and they [Hogan] just threw it upon people. People are actually losing their jobs. He's basically thrown the MTA into chaos.”
McClure went on to say: “You have elderly people who have to walk several blocks just to attain a service that used to be right in front of their door. I think it's unfair.”
The majority of the community shares McClure's views about the negative impact the Link system has had on the people of Baltimore.
Barbara Rock, a resident of Baltimore City, relies on public transportation to transport them from one destination to another. Rock stated: “It's really hard for us seniors to walk and deal with these buses. We have to catch two or three buses to go where we have to go. It's not right.”
Another community member, Michelle Fulmore, said that they depend on an enormous amount of medication in order to cope with their asthma and leg pain, among other health conditions. When asked what inconveniences the new bus system has caused her, they answered: “Heatstroke and more medication. I had to get another cane because the one I had, the leg wouldn't hold up on it.”
Upon arriving at Hogan's office, the protesters were stopped by six police officers, who were blocking them from delivering their list of demands to the governor. Although they were met with opposition, the demonstrators were not disheartened. They stood outside the office building, raising their demands and vocalizing their thoughts about the unjust changes.
Even after the protest came to an end, members of the community still said strongly that the BaltimoreLink system will be brought down.
(WW photo: Sharon Black)
(WW photo: Sharon Black)
Former Broncos running back Travis Henry walked into a Montana courtroom Wednesday facing a sentence of 10 years in prison with a $4 million fine.
They left the courtroom knowing that they could be released in 16 months and would not be fined.
“We were very happy with the sentence and treatment that both the court and government showed throughout this process,” Henry's attorney Harvey Steinberg said Wednesday in a phone interview from Billings, Mont.
Henry, 30, was arrested last October for financing a drug ring that moved cocaine to Montana from Colorado. Henry was caught with six kilos of cocaine by undercover agents and later pled guilty to a single count of trafficking cocaine.
Steinberg sought leniency for Henry by arguing their client turned to drug trafficking out of desperation after their release from the Broncos two months earlier. U.S. District Judge Richard Cebull sentenced Henry to three years in a Florida prison and another five years' probation. Cebull also agreed that if Henry completes a 500-hour drug treatment program while in prison, they would knock 12 months off their sentence.
Steinberg said with good behavior, Henry could get another four months subtracted from their sentence. Henry was also credited with the two months they already have served in a Montana prison, meaning they have a chance to return to society in November 2010.
Cebull waived the fine, saying Henry, who according to court documents has fathered 11 children by 10 women, could not afford it.
Henry was arrested by federal drug agents last October — just a few months after they were released by the Broncos one season into a four-year, $22.5 million contract. They were cut after allegations of drug use and a perceived lack of commitment to the team.
Cebull said it was Henry's addiction to marijuana that destroyed their career and landed them in jail.
“This is a unique case in that you're a unique individual. You're a heck of a football player,” Cebull said. “You are not unique in this sense: your drug habit.”
Henry apologized to the court and said their criminal actions did not reflect their true self.
“If given the chance, I want to tell kids around the world that using drugs and abusing drugs isn't the way,” they said.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Thaggard argued for a sentence of at least 33 months.
“Mr. Henry did have it all, in a sense, and they lost it. That's unfortunate,” Thaggard said. “The bottom line is this was a significant conspiracy to move a substantial quantity of drugs.”
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
I love Tyrantrum. It is possibly the best looking Pokémon ever, combining a Tyrannosaurus with a king and a Chinese Dragon. However, a base 121 Attack is really underwhelming, especially when Pokémon like Mega Herracross, Mega Mewtwo X, Archeops and even freaking Pangoro having more power (A cat, a beetle, a bird and a panda.....What the hell...). also, Tyrantrum can't take special hits, which is also pretty dumb. So in order to fix all of these problems (And more), I decided to give my all-time favourite (Tied with Feraligatr, who should also get a Mega Evolution) a much-needed upgrade. And before anyone will say it, yes I know that as of now, only non- Kalos Pokémon can get a Mega Evolution, but maybe in the future we may get an official Mega Tyrantrum (And more Mega poke's, hopefully Mega Feraligatr).
The King Has Returned!
-Mega Tyrantrum
-Rock/Dragon
-Ability:Tyrant*
-BST:82/201/129/29/89/91=621
*Tyrant:" The Pokémon induces fear to all other Pokémon it encounters, ignoring all rules."
(Whenever Mega Tyrantrum enters the battlefield, The opposing Pokémon's Attack decreases by one stage. Whenever a Pokémon is being sent out to fight against Mega Tyrantrum, its Special Attacks are decreased by one stage. Mega Tyrantrum is not affected by the speed lose of paralysis, the attack lose of burn, or stat decrease caused by moves or abilities. )
-Sig. Move:
-"Crushing Fang"
-Power:100
-Acc:95%
-Type:Rock
-Physical
-PP:10
-"The user bites the opponent with incredible force. Does super-effective damage against Steel and Rock-types".
Tyrantrum is too good of a Pokémon to be cast aside by its underwhelming stats, as it has a lot of potential. Also, Why didn't Gamefreak give them a Rock-typed fang move to take advantage of its Ability "Strong Jaw"?
Anyway, Hope you like it! And if anyone can help me with getting better with digital drawing, it will be much appreciated! Maybe even a free Fanart....
Pokémon © Pokémon Company/Nintendo
My first ever digital artwork! And it was hard. While it is not in Sugimori style yet, I think I got some things right. Gotta give credit to two deviants with guides, one by , and another by
LONDON (AP) -- The English Football Association has warned fans against using a derogatory term for Jews in chants at matches.
Variations of ''Yid'' have often been hurled by rivals at the soccer fans of Premier League club Tottenham.
The FA says the abuse has been ''clouded'' by fans of Tottenham, which has traditionally drawn a large fan base from the Jewish communities in London, calling themselves the ''Yid Army.''
Scroll to continue with content Ad
But on its website, the FA says it's hard to determine which fans are using ''Yid'' in an ''intentionally offensive manner.''
English soccer leaders add that ''rules on acceptable behavior and language need to be simple.''
Determining that using ''Yid'' is inappropriate at matches, the FA is encouraging fans to avoid using it in ''any situation'' or risk criminal prosecution.
Welcome back to another episode of Dota 2 Tips and Tricks. Here we will be talking more about hero specific tips, and if you missed previous editions, you can check them out here, here, and here.
Consider Hoarding Skill Points on Slark in a Hard Lane
The most popular skill build for Slark is maxing Dark Pact by Level 7. Well, it may be optimal to save up skill points on Slark in lane and keep Dark Pact at Level 1 for now until you hit Level 6. If the lane has enemies with a lot of annoying spells, especially with damage over times like Poison Touch, you should leave Dark Pact at Level 1. Using it will only damage yourself for 37.5 magic damage, but you will dispel anything that would probably do more damage to you. Consider if you started maxing Dark Pact to Level 3 when Level 5 on Slark, you would take 112.5 self magic damage every time you use the skill. And when you hit Level 6 or later levels, you can put all the levels back into the Dark Pact so you can bungle and farm efficiently.
Force Staff Works on Gyrocopter Homing Missile
Ever find an enemy as Gyrocopter and then use Call Down and Homing Missile only to see them try to TP out? Well, if you or a teammate happen to have a Force Staff, the Homing Missile can actually be “Forced” to travel faster and hit the enemy to cancel the teleport. Since Hurricane Pike is a fairly common build on Gyrocopter, this feature could be utilized frequently.
Use Nyx Carapace to Avoid Astral Imprisonment and Cyclone Damage
Both of these spells don't do damage until the end of their duration. This is enough time for Nyx Assassin to use Spiked Carapace to avoid and return the damage back. This is one of the reasons why Nyx is a good counter to Outworld Devourer. Also, you can use Spiked Carapace after Invoker's Tornado or Eul's Scepter to both return damage and stun the opponent. In addition, if you have a Blink Dagger, you can Blink right after coming out of Astral Imprisonment or a Cyclone spell.
http://orig10.deviantart.net/34e7/f/2013/193/a/b/dota2_nyx_assassin_by_biggreenpepper-d6d42q5.jpg
Nyx Assassin: Easy Counter to Centaur and Razor
Nyx is a good counter to basically 90% of the heroes in Dota 2. You can easily counter Centaur and Razor by first activating Spiked Carapace and then hit Centaur or Mana Burn the Razor. Both of these heroes have passives that return damage to the sender, which with Spiked Carapace, returns and stuns Centaur or Razor.
Saturn's dynamic aurorae
These images reveal the dynamic nature of Saturn's aurorae. Viewing the planet's southern polar region for several days, NASA/ESA Hubble Space Telescope snapped a series of photographs of the aurora dancing in the sky. The snapshots show that Saturn's aurorae differ in character from day to day, as they do on Earth, moving around on some days and remaining stationary on others. But compared with Earth, where auroral storms develop in about 10 minutes and may last for a few hours, Saturn's auroral displays always appear bright and may last for several days.
The observations, made by Hubble and the Cassini spacecraft, while en route to the planet, suggest that Saturn's auroral storms are driven mainly by the pressure of the solar wind - a stream of charged particles from the Sun - rather than by the Sun's magnetic field.
The aurora's strong brightening on Jan. 28, 2004 corresponds with the recent arrival of a large disturbance in the solar wind. The image shows that when Saturn's auroras become brighter (and thus more powerful), the ring of light encircling the pole shrinks in diameter.
Seen from space, an aurora appears as a ring of glowing gases circling a planet's polar region. Auroral displays are initiated when charged particles in space collide with a planet's magnetic field. The charged particles are accelerated to high energies and stream into the upper atmosphere. Collisions with the gases in the planet's atmosphere produce flashes of glowing energy in the form of visible, ultraviolet, and infrared light.
Astronomers combined ultraviolet images of Saturn's southern polar region with visible-light images of the planet and its rings to make this picture. The auroral display appears blue because of the glow of ultraviolet light. In reality, the aurora would appear red to an observer at Saturn because of the presence of glowing hydrogen in the atmosphere. On Earth, charged particles from the Sun collide with nitrogen and oxygen in the upper atmosphere, creating auroral displays colored mostly green and blue.
The ultraviolet images were taken on Jan. 24, 26, and 28, 2004 by Hubble's Space Telescope Imaging Spectrograph. Erich Karkoschka of the University of Arizona, USA used the telescope's Advanced Camera for Surveys on March 22, 2004 to take the visible-light images.
Officials of the Nepalese Election Commission begin the counting of the votes a day after the local elections at an election office in Kathmandu, Nepal, May 15. Beijing has funded elections in Nepal, sending $1 million for local polls. File Photo by Narendra Shrestha/EPA
Oct. 10 (UPI) -- A reshuffling of political parties in Nepal is revealing the depth of China's growing economic and political influence in the country.
The new alliance of Nepal's communist parties, all with a "really good relationship with China," was formed on Oct. 3, leaving Nepal's congress in turn to create a right-wing coalition in a "democratic alliance," The South China Morning Post reported Tuesday.
The Unified Marxist-Leninists, the Maoist Center and the smaller Naya Shakti party are forming a single communist bloc at a time when China is showing signs of increased engagement with Kathmandu, according to the report.
"Everything that's happening...all the political developments in Nepal are always connected to India and China," said Pramod Jaiswal, a visiting research fellow at the New Delhi-based think tank Institution of Peace and Conflict Studies. "On economic issues, [the communist parties] feel that China can give them more."
The united front among Nepal's communists follows a period of continued political uncertainty in the Himalayas.
Kathmandu has already seen the departure of four prime ministers since a new constitution was adopted in September 2015.
Nepal is scheduled hold provincial elections on Nov. 26, and a federal poll on Dec. 5.
The country has signed a major deal with Beijing that would allow a railroad to connect China and Nepal through Tibet.
Such projects can slowly diminish India's influence in the region, according to the Post.
Beijing has also funded elections in Nepal, sending $1 million for local polls.
"China has a very positive image in Nepal," said a law expert at Kathmandu University.
Charlotte's police chief says video footage of the shooting of Keith Lamont Scott does not show 'definitive evidence' that Scott pointed a gun at officers before they were fatally shot.
Officials say Scott was shot and killed by Charlotte police on Tuesday while they were searching for another man. There are conflicting reports about whether Scott pointed a gun at the responding officers, which has prompted calls for police to release dash-cam and body-cam videos. Scott's family disputes the claim that they pointed a gun at officials.
Host Frank Stasio talks with WFAE reporter Gwendolyn Glen about the latest on the Charlotte protest.
Police said the plainsclothes officer who shot 43-year-old Scott, identified as Brently Vinson, has been placed on leave, which is standard procedure in such cases. Three uniformed officers at the shooting scene had body cameras; Vinson did not, police said.
In a press conference, Charlotte Police Chief Kerr Putney said they plan to show the video to Scott's family at their request, but Putney said they will not immediately release it to the public despite calls for greater transparency.
Livestream: NC NAACP Launches Investigation Into Shooting Death of Keith Lamont Scott
“What I'm going to do is honor that request, and I tell you, if you think I say that we should display a victim's worst day for public consumption, that is not the transparency I'm speaking of,” said Putney adding that it's not clear from the footage whether Scott was holding a gun.
Police said they found a firearm on Scott after the incident, and the chief state prosecutor in Charlotte is asking the State Bureau of Investigation to look into the shooting.
District Attorney R. Andrew Murray said in a statement Thursday that they were making the request for a state investigation at the request of Scott's family.
Meanwhile, Scott's family is calling on protesters to be peaceful.
In a statement released Thursday, Reykia Scott said they are devastated by the death of their husband and understands people's frustrations. But Reykia Scott said hurting people or damaging property is not the answer.
Police: "No curfew for Charlotte"
Police Chief Putney said they see no reason to impose a curfew in North Carolina's largest city, even after two nights of violent protests following the shooting of a man by a police officer.
They said the city now has more resources to deal with problems, following a declaration of a state of emergency and the arrival of the North Carolina National Guard and more officers from the State Highway Patrol.
The NASCAR Hall of Fame in downtown Charlotte is among the places damaged during violent protests over the police shooting of a black man earlier this week.
The Charlotte Regional Visitors Authority oversees the NASCAR Hall of Fame building and the convention center next door. An official said the building is being assessed for damage.
Mayor Jennifer Roberts said earlier Thursday the city was considering a curfew. They defended the decision not to seek an emergency declaration earlier, noting the city had been calm during the day Wednesday. They say the request was made at the appropriate time when more resources were needed.
Roberts again called for calm as the shooting investigation continues. They said said they hope to watch the video Thursday or Friday.
"I certainly would feel better being able to see it," they said, adding that they don't know how conclusive the video footage is until they watch it.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Why I'm empowering 1,000's of millennials to become #realfood entrepreneurs through Vertical Farming
Kimbal Musk Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 23, 2016
Announcing Square Roots. An urban farming accelerator that will empower 1,000's of millennials to become #realfood entrepreneurs.
[ Tweet it: “Why I'm empowering 1000s of #millennial #realfood #entrepreneurs with #VerticalFarming” by @kimbal @SquareRootsGrow http://ctt.ec/UJ9u1+ ]
Strong communities are built around local, real food. Food we trust to nourish our bodies, the farmer and planet. This is #realfood.
Sadly, many people in our biggest cities are at the mercy of industrial food. The industrial food system ships in high-calorie, low-nutrient, processed food from thousands of miles away. It leaves us disconnected from our food and the people who grow it. As Michael Pollan and others are had pointed out, the results are awful — from childhood obesity and diabetes to a total loss of community in our food.
But as my friend Jamie Oliver says, a #realfood revolution is coming. The data is everywhere you care to look. Young people especially are turning away from McDonald's towards healthy, locally-sourced options like Next Door and Sweetgreen. Microwave sales have plateaued as people realize that reheated TV dinners give us no joy. The revulsion seen on social media when Deep Fried Twinkies were announced last week was incredible. There's no doubt about it: people want local, real food.
The Kitchen
I co-founded The Kitchen to play my role in this real food revolution a decade ago.
The Kitchen's mission is to strengthen communities by bringing local, real food to everyone. With our commitment to local food sourcing, our restaurants have become major catalysts for local food economies — across Colorado, Chicago, and now Memphis — serving real food to over 1 million guests a year. Meanwhile, our non-profit The Kitchen Community has built 300 Learning Gardens across the country — inspiring 150,000 kids each day as we get them outdoors and teach them about real food.
But the impact of those initiatives are a drop in the ocean compared to what's needed. By 2050, 9 billion people will live on our planet, and 70% of them will live in cities. These people need food. And the data is clear: they will want local, real food.
The industrial food system will not solve this problem (more Deep Fried Twinkies, anyone?). Instead, finding the right solution presents an extraordinary opportunity for new entrepreneurs. As I've said before, “Food is the new internet.” I know the next generation is excited to join the #realfood revolution, and shape the future.
That's why I'm thrilled to introduce a new company in The Kitchen's family: Square Roots.
Introducing Square Roots
Square Roots is an urban farming accelerator — empowering 1,000's of millennials to join the real food revolution. Our goal is to enable a whole new generation of real food entrepreneurs, ready to build thriving, responsible businesses. The opportunities in front of them will be endless.
Square Roots creates campuses of climate-controlled, indoor, hydroponic vertical farms, right in the hearts of our biggest cities. On these campuses, we train young entrepreneurs to grow non-GMO, fresh, tasty, real food all year round, and sell locally. And we coach them to create forward-thinking companies that — like The Kitchen — strengthen communities by bringing local, real food to everyone.
Leveraging proven technologies like Freight Farms and ZipGrow, Square Roots' vertical farms are literally built inside shipping containers. They essentially enable three-dimensional growing — giving farmers the annual yield equivalent of two acres of outdoor farmland inside a climate-controlled module with a footprint of barely 320 sq. ft. These systems also use 80% less water than outdoor farms. That's the potential for a lot of real food grown in a very small space using very few resources.
Best of all: vertical farms can be installed in the middle of cities. Our urban campuses will have anywhere from 10 to 100 farms. Using this platform, Square Roots entrepreneurs can avoid almost all the transport-impact of the industrial food system — by growing real food, at scale, right next to people who want to eat it.
Image credit: The Wall Street Journal
Our first campus is in Brooklyn, NYC, and is opening this Fall. We're currently in the process of selecting ten founding entrepreneurs to be part of the inaugural, year-long season. The future of food needs to address a wide range of challenges — from sustainability to tech-enabled farming, from social impact to food policy — and we're looking for entrepreneurial individuals with these passions and more. If that sounds like you, hit us up.
While we certainly have a lot to prove in the initial phases of Square Roots, our plan is to quickly replicate campuses across America. The more of us working towards the real food revolution the better.
Square Roots is co-founded by a long-time friend and colleague of mine, Tobias Peggs — a serial entrepreneur themselves with two VC-backed tech startup exits to their name, and PhD in AI. They were most recently President at The Kitchen's Impact team, and is now CEO of Square Roots.
They have pulled together a fantastic team, and network of mentors, with the know-how to grow tasty food and coach young entrepreneurs to do well by doing good. The Square Roots team has already received incredible support from the wider New York real food and urban ag communities and we can't thank those communities enough (we are very much all in this together!). Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack has also been incredibly helpful, and we're excited as we explore ways to partner with the USDA to empower Square Roots farmers across the country. Likewise, the team is surrounded by a wonderful set of investors — including The Kitchen, Powerplant Ventures, GroundUp, Lightbank and FoodTech Angels. It's a diverse set of folks all pulling together on a common thread: a true belief in the power of local #realfood.
We'll have a lot more to announce before our full launch in the fall — so make sure you follow us on medium for updates. But, for today, we couldn't be more excited about this initial reveal. Welcome to Square Roots: an urban farming accelerator powered by human ingenuity, technology, and most importantly a deep love for local #realfood. Let's do this.
[ Tweet it: “Why I'm empowering 1000s of #millennial #realfood #entrepreneurs with #VerticalFarming” by @kimbal @SquareRootsGrow http://ctt.ec/UJ9u1+ ]
Lighting your scenes can seem like a daunting task, especially if you're just starting out, and many times, despite your best laid plans, setting up your lights turns into a learn-as-you-go experience. That's why it's supremely helpful to see how other filmmakers created the looks in their own films. DP Nathan Blair shares the versatile lighting setup they used on a comedic short, in which they capture 9 different visual styles with just one shot composition.
First of all, check out the short, Juicefast, starring comedy duo Ariana Seigel and Emma Tattenbaum-Fine, to get an idea of the different visual styles.
As Blair mentions in their article for Script Mag, despite the fact that it only uses a single camera setup, this comedy sketch video wasn't as simple to capture as it might seem. There were 9 different lighting setups that Blair used to not only communicate different times of day, but the changing emotional state of the title character, Ari. They explain a few of their technical choices for the short below:
I mounted my Nikon D800 on top a sandbag, propped on Ari's dining table to achieve a low angle, similar to what you would get from a laptop camera. I didn't want it to look perfect, so I used the sandbag to create a very slight imbalance, as if the camera was sort of thrown in place. I chose a 35mm lens to keep my focus from becoming too shallow, yet maintain a close up on Ari. To create the illusion of light from a computer screen, I used my Litepanel 1×1 Daylight Flood.
Blair uses several different light combinations, throughout the entire short, but they use a Litepanel to represent the computer screen (I've used a handheld fluorescent work light before, and that worked pretty well). They also use different combinations of fresnels to illuminate the room Ari is sitting in. As you saw in the video, there are a few shots set in the daytime and Blair is careful of capturing the even light of daylight. They use a couple of different diffusers to tone down the light from the 650w fresnel near the kitchen, including 2 double scrims and silk.
Blair breaks down all of the different setups with several lighting diagrams. They explain, as well, the emotional elements of the shot, and how they decided to capture cinematographically. Here are a few of the diagrams.
Their thought with this lighting setup was to establish normalcy. Everything is evenly and softly lit without any harsh shadows. Blair mentions that they wanted to make them look healthy and vibrant before their plunge into juicy darkness, so they used a Coral 1/2 lens filter.
I remember my first attempts at lighting scenes included a lot of over-lighting. Sometimes, all you need is a single light to capture the tone you're looking for -- especially if that tone is insanity. Don't be afraid to go dark!
This is a great and subtle example of how lighting acts as a storyteller. Blair says that they were inspired by the feeling of being hungover -- "everything just feels -- Blah." They describe the light representing that from the windows as "obnoxiously bright", and desaturate the image a little to really capture the "lifelessness" after their descent into juicing addiction.
Blair clearly demonstrates how powerful lighting is as a storyteller sheerly from the fact that their camera never moved once. Capturing a tone can be done in virtually infinite ways in cinematography by using different diffusion tools, gels, or lighting combos. That's why cinematography is such a beautiful art -- because you're painting, sculpting -- communicating with light.
Be sure to check out Nathan Blair's full article in Script Mag for more explanations into their stylistic decisions, as well as a bunch of other helpful lighting diagrams.
Link: From The Lens: 9 Visual Styles In One Shot -- Script Mag
The Old Bailey yesterday heard the terrifying story of two schoolgirls who were groomed and raped by an Aylesbury paedophile gang, when aged just 12 and 13.
Eleven members of the gang, who are accused of carrying out the crimes between 2006 and 2012 face 49 criminal charges between them including child rape, child prostitution and creating child pornography, reports The Mirror. The court heard how the two girls came from broken homes and were easily manipulated because the men gave them excitement, bought them gifts such as drugs, DVDs, and alcohol, and made them feel adult.
Girl ‘A' said in a police statement: “You get passed round. It wasn't particularly me looking for them. It was them looking for me. It's just that they pass your number around. Or you're with one of them and they invited three or four of their friends round and then you have to sleep with them.
“Because you're in their place and they're making your life a bit more exciting, so you do what they want. I just knew Asian men wanted to sleep with me. I didn't think they found me attractive. I was happy that I was wanted. I felt popular. Like they wanted me and I got a load of attention, that was it.'
Girl ‘B' said: “From aged 13 to 15 I was reckless. I was very vulnerable. I was easily led. I was out seeing men, getting drunk, running away, getting arrested. I wanted attention and I was looking in the wrong place”.
Over time the girls came to know the men as boyfriends, but that didn't stop them passing the girls around their extended friendship circles. Girl ‘A', who was approached while out in town with friends aged 12 then went on to be raped by 60 men, “almost all Asian”, over the course of just two years. Them situation only became apparent to authorities after they had given birth twice – but they were being raped by different men so frequently they do not know who the fathers are.
Prosecuting, Oliver Saxby QC said: “This case concerns child sexual exploitation on a massive scale. It features two young girls who were… sexually abused from the age of 12 or 13. Both girls were from unstable backgrounds, making perfect targets.
“Their lives were ‘off the rails'. They were looking for excitement, for attention, for somewhere to hang out away from school and home. They were wanting to feel grown up and looked after. And they were easy prey for a group of men wanting casual sexual gratification that was easy, regular and readily available.
“They were children, they spoke in terms of these men being their boyfriends. And they were passed from man to man – sometimes on a daily basis. The scale of it is, you may agree, horrifying. A estimated that they had sex with about 60 men”.
Saxby told the court Indian born ringleader Singh “had a smirk on their face” when the police questioned them about the sexual abuse, and their association with the other members of the gang. The others were described in court as knowing each other, and working as market traders and taxi drivers.
Another member, Asif Hussain, raped Girl ‘A' in their home even as they wore their school uniform, and tried to sell them to men who resembled Osama Bin Laden, the girl told police. Those accused are predominantly ‘Asian', and have been reported to be predominantly Muslim.
The charges the men face are:
Vikram Singh, 45, of Cannock Road, Aylesbury, is charged with four counts of rape, four counts of sexual activity with a child, and one of administering a substance with intent.
Harmohan Nangpal, 41, of Langdale Drive, Hayes, is accused of one count of rape, and one count of sexual activity with a child.
Asif Hussain, 33, of Hodge Lea, Milton Keynes, face three counts of rape, three counts of sexual activity with a child and one count of arranging child prostitution.
Arshad Jani, 33, of Cousins Drive, Aylesbury, denies one count of rape, and a further count of sexual activity with a child.
Mohammed Imran, 38, of Springcliffe Street, Bradford, is accused of three counts of rape, three counts of sexual activity with a child, two counts of conspiracy to commit sexual activity with a child, two counts of conspiracy to rape and one count of child prostitution.
Akbari Khan, 36, of Mandeville Road, Aylesbury, denies two counts of rape, one count of of sexual activity with a child, and one each of administering a substance with intent, conspiracy to rape, and conspiracy to commit sexual activity with a child.
Taimoor Khan, 29, of Highbridge Road, Aylesbury, is charged with one count of rape, one count of sexual activity with a child, one count of conspiracy to rape, and one count of conspiracy to commit sexual activity with a child.
Jerome Joe, 35, of Pightle Crescent, Buckingham, is charged with one count of rape and a single count of sexual activity with a child.
Sajad Ali, 34, of Brockhurst Road, Chesham, is charged with rape, sexual activity with a child and administering a substance.
Sohail Qamar, 41, of St Anne's Road, Aylesbury, is accused of sexual activity with a child, two counts of rape, and assault occasioning actual bodily harm.
Faisal Iqbal, 32, of Pixie Road, Aylesbury, is on trial accused of conspiracy to rape and conspiracy to commit sexual activity with a child.
Queen on 'Rolling Stone'
Stunned, shocked, amazed and asleep upon perusal of your "in-depth" story of Queen in South America ("Queen Holds Court in South America," RS 345). I am a member of said group and extremely fucking proud of its music (not all) and its achievements. I don't even write to my mother, since the written word seems worth less in this day of the telephone and publications such as yours and the National Enquirer.
Your peculiar 1970-time-warp attitude, coupled with an innate, congenital miscomprehension of rock & roll, continues to fascinate and annoy. Thank you, oh thank you, for the pseudopolitical slant and personal dishonesty that you continue to peddle in your outdated, opinionated, down-home rag.
Thanks also for the finely tuned musical assessment of my group from our sound check! Grow up. You invented the bitterness. I pity you. You suck. You are boring and you try to infect us.
Awaiting your charming review of my current album in about eight months!
ROGER TAYLOR
London, England
This letter was written on an airline motion-sickness bag.—Ed.
A highly unflattering Rolling Stone article about Queen 's South American tour in 1981 — excerpt here — prompted the following scathing letter; originally written in a fit of rage by the band's drummer, Roger Taylor , on an airline sickness bag. Unfortunately I'm unable to locate a picture of said sick-bag, so this image of the letter as reprinted in Rolling Stone the next month will have to do.Enjoy.Transcript follows. Image courtesy of Queen Collector . Many thanks to Elle Schneider for the tip.
A Santa Cruz man assaulted at Dodger Stadium on Thursday remained in a medically induced coma Sunday at a Los Angeles area hospital, a co-worker said.
Bryan Stow, 42, was wearing Giants attire when they and two friends were heckled by several Dodgers fans while walking from the stadium to the parking lot after season opener between the Los Angeles Dodgers and the San Francisco Giants, Los Angeles police said.
Two men approached from behind and struck Stow, who fell to the pavement, police said. The assailants kicked them and then ran to a four-door sedan driven by a woman, police said. A boy also was in the car.
Stow is a father of two who works as a paramedic for American Medical Response in Santa Clara County.
Their paramedic partner, Rebecca Mackowiak of San Jose, said they heard Sunday there had been no change in Stow's condition.
“It's a waiting game,” they said. “We have to wait until the swelling goes down in their brain. It looks like it will be a while until that happens.”
Police released sketches of the suspects late Friday. They are described as two Latino men ages 18 to 25 years old. Los Angeles County Supervisor Mike Antonovich has offered a $10,000 reward for information leading to their arrest.
LAPD detective Jose Carrillo said investigators are still tracking down leads and have gotten some great help from witnesses.
“Unfortunately, it's not like CSI, it takes time,” they said.
Stow's work friends who were with them Thursday are at the hospital, along with their girlfriend and family, they said.
Their brother-in-law, Dave Collins of Scotts Valley, said Friday that Stow's parents live in Capitola.
Mackowiak set up a bank account for donations to help Stow at CommonWealth Credit Union, Account No. 118881. Call 408-531-3100. Donations can be made at any bank listed at www.cuswirl.com, under account No. 118881, or by visiting PayPal: stowdonations@gmail.com.
Police ask anyone with information on the crime to call 213-847-4261 or the anonymous tip line at 1-800-222-TIPS.
Former Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said Tuesday that U.S. should send a clear message that the illegal immigrant children who have been surging across the border will be sent home.
Mrs. Clinton, speaking during a town hall hosted by CNN, said the children should receive the best possible medical care, but should be return to their home countries if their relatives can be located.
“They should be sent back as soon as it can be determined who the responsible adults in their family are because there are concerns about whether all of them can be sent back, but I think all of them that can be should be reunited with their families,” they said, adding that the United States must do more to confront the violence in the region and strengthen border security. “But we have to send a clear message that ‘Just because your child gets across the border, that doesn't mean your child gets to stay. We don't want to send a message that is contrary to our laws or encourage more children to make that dangerous journey.”
Them comments come as their former boss, President Obama, is trying to figure out a strategy for grappling with the surge of children. Vice President Joseph R. Biden will visit Guatemala, one of three countries the children are fleeing, later this week to urge parents not to send their children. But the administration has been reluctant to categorically say all illegal immigrants will be sent home.
Mrs. Clinton is thought to be laying the foundation for a presidential run, and is in the midst of a book tour.
Mrs. Clinton also said the nation must pass comprehensive immigration reform that includes a path to citizenship.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
La La Land Director and Harry Potter and the Cursed Child Writer to Bring New Musical Series to Netflix
The Eddy will premiere in 2018.
Damien Chazelle, the Oscar-winning director of La La Land, is teaming up with Jack Thorne (Harry Potter and the Cursed Child) to bring a new musical drama to Netflix in 2018, according to Deadline. Chazelle will direct two of the eight total episodes while also serving as executive producer.
Set in present-day Paris, The Eddy revolves around a club, its owner, the house band, and the chaotic city that surrounds them. Thorne's screenplay will feature dialogue in French, English, and Arabic.
Original music is being supplied by Glen Ballard, the composer behind the forthcoming Alanis Morissette musical Jagged Little Pill (he co-wrote the album with Morissette) and Ghost the Musical.
Read: ORIGINAL HARRY POTTER AND THE CURSED CHILD TRIO TO REUNITE ON BROADWAY; ADDITIONAL CAST ANNOUNCED
The series is produced by Fifty Fathoms, with Patrick Spence, Katie Swinden, Chazelle, Thorne, Alan Poul, and Ballard on board as executive producers.
The Eddy will be shot on location in Paris and is set to premiere exclusively to Netflix subscribers in 2018.
GET A SNEAK PEAK OF HARRY POTTER AND THE CURSED CHILD, SET TO PREMIERE ON BROADWAY THIS SPRING:
Take a Look at Harry Potter and the Cursed Child Take a Look at Harry Potter and the Cursed Child 28 PHOTOS
LOVE THEATRE? CHECK OUT THE NEW ARRIVALS AT THE PLAYBILL STORE!
When I was growing up I wanted to be a doctor, it took me 30 years but I finally got my shit together and now I'm on my way to becoming one. Why did I want to be one? That's not the important thing, what is important is books! My family had a close friend who was a doctor, they had a really cool house with a pool, a game room and a bunch of other impressive “I want my neighbors to be envious” stuff. When we would visit this friend one would not find me playing in the game room, or in the pool; I was,99% of the times someone was looking for me, in my favorite room of the house. To get to this room you had to go through the living room and down the stairs that lead to the game room. From the game room you had to go through a small hallway past a bedroom, a guest bathroom and through a very large and heavy wooden door that looked like it belonged in a dungeon.
Through this wonderfully out of place door was an immaculate room with wood ceiling panels, a really old leather couch and a huge wooden desk filled with all the things little boys want to play with but know they will get their hands slapped if they touch. It was the study, something no house I had ever been in had and I have, since that day, wanted.
The walls of the study were covered in books, hundreds of books! I always asked the same question of our family friend whenever I would get to see the study “Did you really read all these books?” And the answer was always the same “Yes, some of them twice!”
Ever since my discovery of this wondrous study having my own has been my idea of “making it”, you know getting to that point in life where you know you have gotten “there.” Mind you I know idea what “there” is or what the fabulous “it” is but I know I want to be “there” with “it!” When I bought my first house I knew exactly where the study would go once I had accumulated enough wealth to design a lavished room of solitude that would meet my rigorous standards. Every time I have moved I have had to haul far too many boxes full of books; books I have been saving to fill my inset, built-in, oak, hand-crafted book shelves. Books I should have donated or sold by now but have held onto with the desire to one day answer the always innocent and some what naive question “did you read all of these?” With a some what smug and playful “Yes, some of them twice!”
So what does this have to do with gaming? Books! The print industry is facing sweeping changes and content providers such as Wizards of the Coast, Evil Hat, Piazo, and many others face many of the same tidal wave of change and required evolution. All this change has definitely affected the way these producers are offering their content. This change is sure to affect my dream of full book shelves and I don't know how to feel about that.
I'm no industry expert, and many, many bloggers, authors, and forum trolls have written about the possible death of print and the future of content distribution. I'm not going to get into the logistics of it. I just want to look at how I as a player and DM am I being affected by this new/upcoming era of digital distribution and diminished print.
1. No Books? Nope, I don't really subscribe to the idea that books will altogether disappear in my lifetime, though I also didn't buy into the idea that I would be walking around with StarTrek-esq data pads that would allow me to video chat with friends all over the world on high speed wireless networks. Hello mr. iPad way to kill my confidence in my ability to predict the future.
But in all seriousness, with the installation base of e-readers being what it is, 8% of American adults according to Cnet, I doubt the end of books will be a viable option for most publishers for decades to come. Schools around the world would have to quickly adopt e-readers, entire supply chains would have to be dismantled and confidence in DRM technology would have to increase tenfold. Many publishers would have to see e-book sales overtake printed books by such a large margin that they would drop books out of fear of profit loss, and this looks to be a long way off. Again I have been wrong about the future before.
But many publishers with smaller markets, such as game companies have the ability to adapt to this new form of distribution with much less hassle. Wizards of the coast has already down shifted their print release schedule and pushed 3-4 of their scheduled release from 2011 to their online DDi subscription format. This could be a sign that smaller companies could make a run at the online e-only content in my lifetime. Scary to me, but also some what exciting.
Perhaps more realistically what we will see in the gaming industry is what it looks like Wizards of the Coast and Piazo have already begun to do. Publish the core game to a print format (I know Piazo and Evil hat offer both print and digital), from there publish only a few print format titles and support the core online with e-format. This could be beneficial to both players and the game companies. Content could be provided in smaller easier to manage chunks giving players and GMs the ability to use only the content they want with out having to wade through everything that does not interest them. It could also mean less delay in content. If a new rule set for, lets say, a class were to be released in a book gamers would have to wait for all of the content for that book to be finished then printed and distributed. With an online e-content format once the class is finished it can be directly distributed with out waiting.
2. Quality Gap? One fear I have always had with the move to online e-format for publishing is the gap between the quality of printed products and online publishing. In a print world publisher must make pain staking care not to allow flaws in their published product to reach the market. Quality builds reputations, and shabby flawed products garner the ire of the mass market. Once a product has shipped any flaws remaining in the product are there to stay, and if a company prints in large scale that can be a painful thought.
If this is true though why is the game industry plagued with incomplete products, easily found and corrected “See pg.xx” errors and text that needs clarification multiple times in a single year? Perhaps the gap in online vs print quality is only a perceived gap, and as the format grows and matures the gap we think we see might diminish or turn out to be non-existent.
Imagine e-readers with an option to allow push updates to your game content. If an error in the product is found the publisher has the ability to send an updated version to your e-reader. This might make for some lazy publishers who would follow the suit of the video gaming industry of shipping flawed products and getting it right in the “next patch.” But it would also allow for evolving games to continue to be fixed and edited if the opted to allow it. One might even be able to keep an unedited version backed up in case the changes are not to ones desire.
3. The death of Gaming Stores! Where to begin with this? First not all content for games can be distributed digitally. Maps, tokens, figurines (see Wharhammer 40k, Warmachiner et al.) board games, dice, cards and on and on, would have to have a venue for purchase. Like content providers and publishers gaming stores would have to evolve. Perhaps many stores will close if this new digital future takes hold of the industry, but many will evolve and survive, and they will most likely give rise to new stores following a successful model.
For many the gaming store represents the heart of the hobby, being a meeting place for many a gaming hour. Any change that could negatively affect these havens of hobby and game play would certainly raise the gamer in me to want to defend the FLGS (Friendly Local Game Store) in any way possible. But any change that affects my wallet and perhaps the growth, future, and quality of the gaming industry might be cause get behind even if my poor FLGS might have to suffer for it. To be honest Amazon has become my preferred method of buy print games over the last year. The discount offered allows me to buy 3 books for the price of 2 and that is huge when you live life on the college kid budget. But I still buy all my supplies, paint, minis and what not from my FLGs. If digital distribution helps to grow the gaming hobby, FLGS could benefit from increased sales of their physical stock, perhaps enough to offset the drop in book sales. I'm no business expert though, I can't predict the future for gaming store, I can only muse and hope for the best.
#4. Lack of ownership: This is one I struggle with and I have yet to really solidify my thoughts and feelings about. As many gamers pay their subscription fees for online content such as DDi many fears that at the end of their subscriptions the content they paid for is no longer theirs. No more character builder, no more monster editor, and no more virtual table. Unless readers meticulously download every article released at the end of their subscription access to all that content ends, poof.
Will digital books face the same fight digital music? Can I have multiple copies on multiple drives? When I'm done with them can I give or sell them to others? If I were to leave the hobby right now I am sure I could get a few hundred bucks out of my investment. If my collection was digital would I be able to reap such a return? Would anyone actually be willing to buy second hand digital content if they can just torrent it? Scary for me to ponder, what value do e-commodities on a second hand market if any at all?
How will gaming be affect by this new era of digital distribution? Who knows, but my fear of not being able to fill my ornately carved bookshelves in my lavishly decorated study (which smells distinctly of rich mahogany and book dust) have diminished as I realize there is still life in books; at least for now.
Expect more to come on this topic in the near future.
Thadeous can't think of anything interesting about them self right now. Know this though if they could it would be creative and funny as well as thought provoking.
20,000 Days On Earth combines documentary footage with scripted scenes to chronicle 24 hours in the fascinating life of modern renaissance man Nick Cave. Directed by Iain Forsyth and Jane Pollard and co-written by Cave, the film has great energy and Cave comes off as one would suspect: mysterious, devious and hugely charismatic. What might come as a surprise to some viewers is Cave's self-deprecating humor and the deeply spiritual yearning that pulses in the heart of their art. Cave is a man who utilizes the forces of their creativity, particularly rock and roll, as a means to connect to human energy and to transcend it.
At a recent concert in Austin, I saw a side of Cave I hadn't seen before, a certain humility and need that manifested in an almost vampiric hunger for flesh to flesh contact with their audience. They literally bared their heart before their audience, asking them to place their hands upon their naked chest. The fire and brimstone preacher was displaying a supplicant's self-immolation at the feet of their worshipers. The tables had turned, the wax was dripping up the candle. This aching need to be part of the world at large, to expand beyond the ordinary while maintaining their teeth in the tissue of the meat upon which they thrive results in a tension between the sacred and profane. 20,000 Days On Earth makes clear that the balance between dark and light is stabilizing in Cave's life and the fearless provocateur is taking on some of the mellowness of a wise elder. The film is a lovely meditation on the risks and epiphanies involved when an artist puts themselves as far out as they can go while still keeping time in the dance of life.
Here are some recollections of Nick Cave and The Birthday Party's first appearances in New York City. I think I got most of the details right.
When The Birthday Party first came to New York City in late September/early October of 1981 they were booked into several venues. The first was a shitty disco on Union Square called The Underground. I have no idea who was responsible for the booking but it was like hiring Aleister Crowley to do stand-up at a Catskills Hotel. The band plowed though three songs (“Big-Jesus-Trash-Can,” “Zoo-Music Girl,” “King Ink”) in front of a confused and hostile audience who were there to dance to a deejay spinning records by Donna Summer and The Village People. During “King Ink”, Nick leaped into the crowd and wrapped their microphone's cord around a woman's neck. The club owners immediately pulled the plug and the show ended.
Next night at The Ritz, Nick smashed their head into the snare drum, drew blood, and a panicked Ritz management killed the power to the stage. Big mistake. Those of us who gave a shit about such things, felt this confirmed that unless you were a major label act The Ritz was not an artist-friendly venue. The following night's Birthday Party booking at The Ritz was cancelled.
Other NYC gigs included two at Chase Park, a former bank (I think) with a lousy stage set-up and bad sound. The first night at Chase Park was cancelled when only one person showed up. The band's second booking at the club was not much better than the first. The band played to an audience of a couple of dozen adventurous souls, including Lydia Lunch. The vibe was nasty and the band seemed like they couldn't wait to get the fuck outta there.
At this point, you had to wonder who was booking The Birthday Party into these godforsaken nightclubs when CBGB and Max's (on its last legs) were just around the corner? In the case of The Underground, it was Rudolf Pieper and Jim Fouratt expanding their reach beyond their legendary venue Danceteria. One night a week they booked The Underground with a New Romantic theme. But alas, The Birthday Party was to Duran Duran and Modern English what moonshine is to mimosas.
It wasn't until their performance at The Peppermint Lounge on Oct. 4 (a Sunday night) that The Birthday Party played an entire set in a venue that was suited to their music. Yet even the Pep didn't seem to know who the fuck Nick and the their posse were (check the ad below).But despite a small crowd, the band were explosive and I was there to experience it. The power, intensity, humor and theatricality of The Birthday Party was simply jaw-dropping and forever made me an admirer of the group, particularly the young Mr. Cave. While the entire band were extraordinary (I was particularly fond of bass player Tracy Pew, R.I.P.) it was Cave that shone brightest (or perhaps darkest) - brilliant, possessed, a madman out on the edge not looking back. Even in ‘81 at the young age of 24, Nick was drawing down some serious voodoo, scraping the shit of the marvelous off the bottom of their shiny black shoes.
What's up with the question marks?
Later, after the show, Cave sat alone at the bar slouched over a drink. I joined them and we talked. They looked younger than their years, was soft-spoken, welcoming, and unassuming. We spoke about writers we liked - Rimbaud, Burroughs, Bukowski - the usual suspects. For the short time we chatted, I felt that this was a man that I could grow to like a lot. And I have. Like all great artists I love, Cave has kind of entered my DNA. He's one of those rare creative people who continue to surprise and amaze me, who challenges me and compels me to dig deeper into that dark rich soil where art grows, where visions sprout and and bears seeds - both good and Bad. Long live Nick Cave.
20,000 Days On Earth works as a cinematic diary that flows in and out of dream. Late-night scenes of Cave driving around their home of Brighton have the cold, doomy clarity of a J.G Ballard literary riff echoing off the concrete urban desolation of a Wim Wenders' film. But the chill is broken by whimsical flights of magic realism like when Cave visits collaborator Warren Ellis in Ellis's Hobbit-like cottage overlooking the white cliffs of Dover. And the sudden, almost ghost-like, appearances of Kylie Minogue, Ray Winstone, and Blixa Bargeld. The movie gracefully bends time and memory into something like a living moment where all points come back to Cave's sensing themselves in the ever-present everythingness of now. Does it matter what is real or not? This is not a strict memoir. It is the person coming into being through their own creation.
Nick Cave has done something quite remarkable in the day and age of rock bands that disappear as quickly as ice on a hotplate or those that have lingered far too long only to embarrass themselves in their utter irrelevance - they have stayed interesting. Through all of their permutations, experiments and chance-taking, Cave has, like the title of their song, pushed the sky away, not allowing even the heavens to bear down on him.
20,000 days on Earth? Who cares about time when the moment is so filled with wonder? Who cares about linear abstractions when every non-existent nano-second is laced with memory and desire? Cave has not mistaken the face of the clock for fact. They see it for what it is. A circle. It's not real, it's a reel. Like film. Like your eye. Like that circular mark on your neck: that blood-red spot, that memory of a mouth, of love, of death.
20,000 Days On Earth begins its theatrical run this month. Click here for showtimes.
Cave discussing their new film:
For the fourth time running, India ranked first in National Geographic Society's Greendex study.
Photo by Nomad Tales/Flickr via Creative Commons
In perhaps no other place in the world are the streets as crowded as in New Delhi. Streams of cars, bikes, people, and even animals impossibly weave through one another. For thousands of years, New Delhi and the cities that preceded it have been sustained by the sacred water of the Ganges and their tributaries. But as India continues to develop into one of the world's leading economies, the stress of a fast-growing population and increased urbanization has rendered the Ganges polluted almost beyond use. India's air pollution is among the worst in the world. Garbage is heaped in streets and often left uncollected for weeks, or longer.
The sight and even more, the stench of inescapable pollution may well be why, when asked as part of Greendex study (a survey that ranks the environmental sustainability of 14 industrialized and developing countries) Indians were most likely to claim that they “feel guilty about the impact [they] have on the environment.” As anyone who has forgotten to roll the trash to the curb for a week or two can tell you, the tangibility of one's own waste accumulating unchecked can become a bit overwhelming. Further still, it's incredible how little trash one manages to make when the can is already full.
The 2012 Greendex study, conducted by the National Geographic Society, captures this “full-can” phenomenon on a larger scale: The guiltier a country feels about its environmental impact, the greener its behavior. It is no surprise then that India, the country that feels the most guilt of the 14 surveyed, is also ranked first in the Greendex study for the fourth time running. In fact, developing countries such as India, China, and Brazil, though often portrayed as contributing more than their fair share of pollution to support their growing economies, are consistently ranked higher in terms of sustainable behavior than the established industrial countries of North America and Europe, despite the developed countries' longer history of environmental regulations. In part because people in developing countries tangibly experience environmental problems such as water and air pollution, they adopt more sustainable behavior. Americans, who reported the least guilt about their impact on the environment, were ranked dead last in the most recent Greendex study—for the fourth time in a row. (You can learn your own Greendex score at National Geographic's Greendex Calculator.)
Of course, there is more to environmentally sustainable behavior than feeling accountable for one's impact. Greendex scores are determined on the basis of 65 measures in four main categories of consumption: housing, transportation, food, and goods. The indices cover everything from the purchase of bottled water to whether one owns a second home. Many of these measures fit under the big umbrella of energy consumption. For example, participants were asked if they washed their clothes in cold water; walked, biked, or drove to work; heated or cooled their homes; and whether they purchased energy-saving appliances. India leads the rest of the countries in the Greendex in three of the big four categories, coming in third to China and Hungary in the category of transportation alone.
Indians hold an especially strong lead in the category of food consumption, in part because of their cultural distaste for consuming beef. In fact, 64 percent of those surveyed in India claimed they didn't eat it at all. (The next lowest score isn't even close: Among Hungarians, only 12 percent claimed no beef consumption.) Indian consumption of chicken and seafood is among the lowest of countries surveyed as well. A large percentage of Indians are vegetarians either by choice or by circumstance. More and more studies have revealed harmful effects of livestock farming, such as water contamination from fecal matter and a nearly 20 percent contribution of greenhouse gas emissions worldwide. It has become clear that meatless diets can have a big impact on the environment, and these consumption measures contribute greatly to India's sustainability ranking. In addition, Indians frequently eat locally grown food, and even more so, food that they have personally cultivated.
Although India remains the reigning Greendex champ, the country suffered losses in every category but housing since 2010, most notably in the categories of goods consumption and transportation. Indians are also among the likeliest of those surveyed to say that they aspire to own a big house and the most likely to say they desire a luxury car. These attitudes about consumption correlate with the growing middle class in India. Like many of us with some disposable income, Indians are now more likely to purchase new goods rather than repair old ones, and because luxury cars and large houses are obvious status symbols, it's natural for those who hope for new wealth to dream of making such purchases. The growing middle classes in China and Brazil also demonstrate a relatively high desire for luxury cars and large houses. At the same time, increases in wealth sometimes translate to the purchase of more costly energy-saving appliances and cars, and many Indians are opting for the extra investment in these types of big-ticket items. It is still too soon to tell whether responsible purchasing will be enough to offset the effects of an increased number of middle-class Indian consumers.
India is poised to move solidly into the category of “developed” rather than “developing” countries, and it's up to the people of India to decide what that means. Sadly, the average wealth of a country's citizen is as negatively correlated to environmentally sustainable behavior as guilt is: The more easily we meet our individual needs, the less likely we are to consider our impact on the world around us. India could become a powerful example for the rest of the world if it is able to break that trend and strike the balance between economic growth and environmental responsibility.
Thanks to Pankaj Jain of the University of North Texas, author of Dharma and Ecology of Hindu Communties.
Workers grow vegetables in a greenhouse set up by the Unjong Vegetable Collective Farm in Kanggye, Jagang Province. Reported in the Rodong Sinmun
North Korea today primarily depends on greenhouses for food production, and it would be difficult for any North Korean to survive without them, as winter there generally lasts until April.North Korean leader Kim Jong-un praised the construction of greenhouses in December, when they made a field guidance trip to the June 8th Farm.“I feel relieved from my fatigue. I feel good. I would not like to leave this greenhouse,” Kim was quoted as saying in the Rodong Sinmun, the official newspaper of the country's Workers' Party.The newspaper reported that Kim felt proud that the North Korean people could eat fresh vegetables, which are grown in greenhouses even during the harsh winters. The young leader's love for these nurseries is special - an affection they previously conveyed in June when they made a visit to the Jangchon Vegetable Collective Farm in Sadong District in Pyongyang.“I encourage our people to build more greenhouses in order to enable our people to eat fresh vegetables, even in the cold winter season,” Kim said at the farm.North Koreans grow vegetables, like napa cabbage, crown daisy, lettuce, spinach, radishes, squash, cucumbers and tomatoes, in these facilities. Napa cabbages are the most common.The produce varies, as well, according to the temperature inside each greenhouse. In temperatures above 10 degrees Celsius, plants that bear fruit, such as tomatoes, are cultivated. If the temperature maintained is between 5 degrees and 7 degrees Celsius, napa cabbages are the staple. Crown daisy can be cultivated at 2 to 5 degrees Celsius, and spinach at below 2 degrees Celsius.The key to greenhouse culture is being able to maintain warm temperatures inside. North Korean households suffer from chronic fuel and heating shortages, so the idea of heating a greenhouse with fuel is nearly inconceivable. Instead, they use solar heat. To do so, North Koreans build up a thermal storage wall on one side of the greenhouse with heat-absorbing stones that are colored with dark paint to make them more conductive. However, there is a downside to using a thermal storage wall: Because the wall is stationary once erected, it cannot absorb solar heat throughout the day as the sun moves.After North Koreans acquired knowledge about greenhouse farming from other countries, they began to build round greenhouses that are shaped like cylinders cut in half, which can receive and store more solar heat.And a few South Korean civic groups and companies have shown interest in modernizing greenhouses in North Korea. One company has attempted to provide red clay bricks, which are more effective for preserving heat than stones or thermal walls.And a local civic group is planning to send South Korean plastics to the North. Chinese plastics decrease light transmission and have a lower resistance to snow and rain than their South Korean counterparts.BY Ko Soo-suk [ko.soosuk@joongang.co.kr]
IF YOU FIND yourself on George's Quay in Dublin today, make sure to look up and see this brilliant new piece of street art.
Portuguese artist Artur Bordalo (AKA Bordalo II) has travelled the world building ‘Trash Animals' out of rubbish, and yesterday, their latest sculpture was unveiled on George's Quay.
This massive red squirrel now sits proudly on the side of The Workshop pub:
The squirrel took around five days to build, with the base assembled out of car parts, bike wheels, and plastic barriers before being painted over.
So why rubbish? Bordalo says it's a matter of “One man's trash is another man's treasure”:
With the production of things at its highest, the production of ‘waste' and unused objects is also at its highest. I create, recreate, assemble and develop ideas with end-of-life material, and try and relate it to sustainability, ecological and social awareness.
They chose the red squirrel as the focus of their installation in Dublin due to its endangered status – previously, he's constructed manatees, foxes, and opossums.
Irish filmmakers Trevor Whelan and Rua Meegan have been following the artist for two years – their documentary about the project, A Life Of Waste, will debut later this year.
You can see more of Bordalo's work on their Instagram here.
DailyEdge is on Snapchat! Tap the button below to add!
Written by Valerie Loftus and posted on DailyEdge.ie
In Memory of Gucci Mane: RIP Anal Virginity a guest Jun 13th, 2014 114 Never a guest114Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 4.25 KB In Memory of Gucci Mane: RIP Anal Virginity By Jsines. “Alright, make sure you don't waste our heals.” said Alex. Alex fumbled with the computer mouse trying to guide Rammus to the next turret, “I bet you'll be careful with it, though.” They nudged Matty in the side and smiled. “This glove makes it so fucking hard to play.” said Matty. “Yeah, but it makes the stream entertaining.” The two tried to counter a gank by Jsines, but they were too good with Akali, so Rammus died. Jsines also got a pentakill right after, carrying the team to victory. “Dang, we tried our best I guess.” said Alex. “Hey, you did really good” said Matty. They turned to them and looked into their eyes. There was a deep passion inside of them; they had to hold back their love. It's what Gucci Mane would want, after all. Alex winked back at him. Could they feel the same way? Just then the ghost of the great and powerful Gucci Mane appeared behind their chairs. “Mr. Mane, we thought you were dead!” Alex fell back in their chair. “Nah nigga, i'm all gud. Heaven dank as hell yo got kush ery day smokin with jezus” “Mr. Gucci, sir, it's an honour. I'm a huge fan.” said Matty. The two boys fell to their knees. “Now y'all niggus got a misshun i need yal to do yhear” “Yes, Gucci, anything m'lord.” They said in unison. “Y'all gon bang eechutha lmao cum on get at it” Alex was shocked. Their eyes opened wide with excitement. There was no way Matty could deny them the pleasure if their lord Gucci Mane demanded it. Gucci Mane stood impatiently in front of them. It would all happen while the camera was watching. Alex began to pull down their pants for Matty to take them from behind and Matty grinned. “No homo, Alex.” they said. “No. Full homo. Now much like Rammus, I want you to Ram my Ass.” Alex replied. Matty leaned over and started licking Alex's butthole. They swirled their tongue in circles, lubing it for the larger entrance soon to be. Their tongue went all the way, mocking the kiss he'd always wanted from Alex, and Alex moaned in pleasure as their slimy tongue tickled their prostate. “Oh, Matty, I want you inside me.” moaned Alex. Matty pulled out their long schlong, and their tip pushed lightly into Alex's anus. At first it was painful, and Alex shuddered in a painful bliss. I have to do this for Gucci Mane, they thought, but they knew it was all personal. Every day doing podcasts and livestreams with Matty, their affection grew each time they spoke. Matty shoved their cock all the way into Alex's ass. Their prostate couldn't handle the stimulation, and Alex fell into a ball on the floor, cumming all over their clothes. Gucci laughed a hearty laugh. “aye das good stuff fo real mad respec.” they said. The two boys smiled warmly in their glory, and awaited further instructions. “now i need ya ta mix it up a lil knowamsayin.” They didn't. Gucci motioned to their ass, then motioned a pulling out motion, and put their hand in their mouth. “if ya kno what i meen.” Alex understood. They kneeled behind Matty, and licked their hand to lube it for insertion. Alex shoved their whole hand into Matty's ass. Matty screamed in pain, and Alex pulled out a full log of shit from him, extracting it with their bare hands. With shit in hand, they stood up and looked Matty in the eyes. Passionately, they began to lick the shit in their hands, first teasing it with their tongue, then sucking it like a popsicle. It made them both gag, and Matty began to dry heave at the sight of their excrement being abused. Alex shoved the whole log of shit into their mouth, and pulled Matty toward him. “I've always loved you Mattison. Always, with all my heart, ever since I laid eyes on you.” “I love you too Alex. Let's run away together. We can live on the prairies, and start that homosexual flower farm we've always dreamed of.” With a brown tongue and a heart full of ambition, Alex pushed their shit-covered lips against Matty. The livestream chat exploded with cheers. Alex pushed shit and saliva around in Matty's mouth, and Matty did the same. It was true love. Gucci smiled a warm smile. THE END.
RAW Paste Data
In Memory of Gucci Mane: RIP Anal Virginity By Jsines. “Alright, make sure you don't waste our heals.” said Alex. Alex fumbled with the computer mouse trying to guide Rammus to the next turret, “I bet you'll be careful with it, though.” They nudged Matty in the side and smiled. “This glove makes it so fucking hard to play.” said Matty. “Yeah, but it makes the stream entertaining.” The two tried to counter a gank by Jsines, but they were too good with Akali, so Rammus died. Jsines also got a pentakill right after, carrying the team to victory. “Dang, we tried our best I guess.” said Alex. “Hey, you did really good” said Matty. They turned to them and looked into their eyes. There was a deep passion inside of them; they had to hold back their love. It's what Gucci Mane would want, after all. Alex winked back at him. Could they feel the same way? Just then the ghost of the great and powerful Gucci Mane appeared behind their chairs. “Mr. Mane, we thought you were dead!” Alex fell back in their chair. “Nah nigga, i'm all gud. Heaven dank as hell yo got kush ery day smokin with jezus” “Mr. Gucci, sir, it's an honour. I'm a huge fan.” said Matty. The two boys fell to their knees. “Now y'all niggus got a misshun i need yal to do yhear” “Yes, Gucci, anything m'lord.” They said in unison. “Y'all gon bang eechutha lmao cum on get at it” Alex was shocked. Their eyes opened wide with excitement. There was no way Matty could deny them the pleasure if their lord Gucci Mane demanded it. Gucci Mane stood impatiently in front of them. It would all happen while the camera was watching. Alex began to pull down their pants for Matty to take them from behind and Matty grinned. “No homo, Alex.” they said. “No. Full homo. Now much like Rammus, I want you to Ram my Ass.” Alex replied. Matty leaned over and started licking Alex's butthole. They swirled their tongue in circles, lubing it for the larger entrance soon to be. Their tongue went all the way, mocking the kiss he'd always wanted from Alex, and Alex moaned in pleasure as their slimy tongue tickled their prostate. “Oh, Matty, I want you inside me.” moaned Alex. Matty pulled out their long schlong, and their tip pushed lightly into Alex's anus. At first it was painful, and Alex shuddered in a painful bliss. I have to do this for Gucci Mane, they thought, but they knew it was all personal. Every day doing podcasts and livestreams with Matty, their affection grew each time they spoke. Matty shoved their cock all the way into Alex's ass. Their prostate couldn't handle the stimulation, and Alex fell into a ball on the floor, cumming all over their clothes. Gucci laughed a hearty laugh. “aye das good stuff fo real mad respec.” they said. The two boys smiled warmly in their glory, and awaited further instructions. “now i need ya ta mix it up a lil knowamsayin.” They didn't. Gucci motioned to their ass, then motioned a pulling out motion, and put their hand in their mouth. “if ya kno what i meen.” Alex understood. They kneeled behind Matty, and licked their hand to lube it for insertion. Alex shoved their whole hand into Matty's ass. Matty screamed in pain, and Alex pulled out a full log of shit from him, extracting it with their bare hands. With shit in hand, they stood up and looked Matty in the eyes. Passionately, they began to lick the shit in their hands, first teasing it with their tongue, then sucking it like a popsicle. It made them both gag, and Matty began to dry heave at the sight of their excrement being abused. Alex shoved the whole log of shit into their mouth, and pulled Matty toward him. “I've always loved you Mattison. Always, with all my heart, ever since I laid eyes on you.” “I love you too Alex. Let's run away together. We can live on the prairies, and start that homosexual flower farm we've always dreamed of.” With a brown tongue and a heart full of ambition, Alex pushed their shit-covered lips against Matty. The livestream chat exploded with cheers. Alex pushed shit and saliva around in Matty's mouth, and Matty did the same. It was true love. Gucci smiled a warm smile. THE END.
You had a good run Arecibo, but there's a new big dog in town. China has switched on the massive dish that now officially holds the record for the world's largest single-aperture telescope. Among other things, researchers hope it will provide a big boost in the hunt for extraterrestrial life.
What's been dubbed the “FAST” (Five-hundred-meter Aperture Spherical Telescope) officially began operating around noon yesterday. It's 200 meters larger than the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico which, at 305 meters, has dominated the telescope size game since the 1960's. Just to give you an idea of the scale, FAST is roughly the size of 30 soccer fields.
Advertisement
FAST's size matters. It's tremendously powerful and has a field of vision that's reportedly twice as large as the Arecibo Observatory. As far as sensitivity is concerned, the Chinese telescope is 10 times more powerful than its closest competitor, the 100-meter telescope near Bonn, Germany.
Peng Bo, a researcher at the National Astronomical Observatories, told China's official Xinhua news agency that “FAST's potential to discover an alien civilization will be five to 10 times that of current equipment, as it can see farther and darker planets.”
The telescope will also help scientists detect more pulsars. That means they will have greater capabilities when it comes to tracing gravitational waves or ripples in space-time which could lead to a better understanding of the evolution of galaxies and the origins of the universe.
Advertisement
Building such an enormous project comes at a price. Not only did China invest $180 million into the construction of the telescope, but it also has controversially relocated between nine and ten thousand residents of the Guizhou province. Those citizens were rehoused in the nearby counties of Pingtang and Luodian due to concerns of magnetic interference.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has made space exploration a top priority. In 2013, the country landed the first space rover on the moon since 1976. Plans have been set to build a space station by 2022 and land a man on the moon by 2036.
For the next two to three years, China's astronomers will be given priority at FAST. It will later be opened to scientists around the globe.
[Al Jazeera]
Source: pecaphoto77/Shutterstock
Do you understand the emotional life of single people? Do you think that single people experience more than their share of sadness, , and , while people with romantic partners, especially married people, enjoy a full measure of ?
I've been debunking those notions for quite some time. But that's not what I want to talk about today. Instead I want to challenge the focus on emotions such as happiness, sadness, and loneliness — a focus that has dominated both popular culture and scientific research. When we get preoccupied with those emotions alone, we miss out on the wider range of emotions that give single life its special texture.
The Emotional Life of Single People: Examples of the Bad Stuff
I'm someone who loves living single, but even so, I see the emotional minefields lurking all around me. The largely unacknowledged negative emotions of single life are the ones that may get triggered by:
The looks of pity you get when you say you are not married.
The singles-shaming “why you are single” lists.
Getting excluded from social events because you are single.
Getting asked about your romantic prospects, to the exclusion of everything else, even when there are all sorts of people and pursuits in your life that you are excited about.
The expectation that you will shower couples with enthusiasm, congratulations, and gifts when they wed, even if they never acknowledge the meaningful milestones in your life.
The deluge of headlines proclaiming that married people are better than you are, and that science says so. (It doesn't.)
The proposals — and now even prom proposals — and wedding celebrations that become ever more elaborate and showy (while single people continue to be wrongly tagged as self-centered).
Popular culture, in all its manifestations, continuing to romanticize couples and coupling, while stigmatizing and stereotyping single people.
Big-time, serious discrimination against people who are single.
You can probably generate other examples of your own.
The emotions that follow from such experiences are not going to be the same for everyone. Maybe they won't even be negative all the time. For example, that there are more than 1,000 laws that benefit and protect only people who are legally married, or that the costs of financial against single people over the course of a lifetime can be enormous, could motivate some people to do something about it, and that very fact of commitment and the actions that follow from it can be positive experiences.
The big things, like discrimination, rile me and then motivate me. As for the smaller stuff, not all the examples bother me. I find some to be curiosities or reflections of other people's cluelessness. I have some hope that we will all look back some day and feel kind of embarrassed that such mindsets were still common in the early 21st century. In the meantime, though, they do complicate the emotional lives of many people who are single.
The Emotional Life of Single People: Examples of the Good Stuff
More heartening are the kinds of unacknowledged positive emotional experiences that can characterize single life. They include feelings associated with:
Getting to create the life that is most meaningful for you.
Deciding for yourself what matters most.
Deciding for yourself who matters most — and knowing it does not have to be just one person, or only someone you are (presumed to be) having with.
Making your own decisions — with as much or as little input from others as you desire.
Developing the skills you need to navigate all sorts of life tasks (rather than counting on someone else to cover half of them).
Arranging your life to have the right combination, for you, of time alone and time with other people.
Savoring your solitude.
Getting to grow and develop over the course of your life.
Happiness is too small a word to describe the emotions associated with these life-expanding and empowering experiences.
I'm not saying that all single people get to enjoy all these possibilities; some require significant resources or opportunities that not everyone has. I'm also not saying that only single people have access to these kinds of positive emotional experiences. Research does show, though, that many of them are more likely to be enjoyed by single people than by people who marry.
It's Complicated
The bottom line is that no matter how you feel about living single, your emotional life can be complicated. I'm living single, but do not appreciate all the singlism and matrimania. Even when certain cultural attitudes and practices don't trouble me personally, it bothers me a lot that other single people feel burdened by them.
It is complicated for people who really don't want to be single, too. They probably experience more of the negative emotions of single life. But even they often realize what single life has to offer, and many do what they can to get the most out of it for as long as it lasts. I can think of an emotion that goes with that: Pride.
This blog uses affiliate links. Basically, I make a small commission when you use these links, at no additional cost to you.
I recently picked up a bag of brightly colored plastic straws from the dollar store. We used a couple of them for hours with the snowball oral motor games and use them for drinking smoothies, but yesterday, I had an interesting thought. Could we make a skipping rope out of straws?
This post contains affiliate links.
To make this easy DIY skipping rope, we used:
First, my four year old cut the straws into pieces using the scissors to make straw beads.
Next, I tied a knot at one end of the nylon cord. Then I wrapped duct tape around that end, leaving the knot exposed, multiple times until a nice, comfortable handle was formed. Once the handle was made, four year old K started threading on the straw beads, one at a time. Threading is a great way to work on fine motor skills.
Once all the beads were threaded onto the cord, I had to create a second handle with the duct tape. I started wrapping the tape the end of the cord over and over until a second handle was formed. I then knotted the other end of the cord. You must remember to knot the cord to make sure it doesn't slip through the duct tape handle. Then your skipping rope is complete!
Then it's time to skip and jump! It works awesome and reminds me of those hard plastic skipping ropes that I used in elementary school. They were red and white plastic beads that clicked when they hit the floor and left welts on your body if you were unsuccessful at jumping over it.
Jumping provides great sensory input for kids, so try these other jumping games:
I figured that it would work and if not, then at least I would be able to give my youngest some extra fine motor practice. Especially since they love anything that involves scissors.Well, it worked beautifully and in about 10 minutes or less, we had anOh and just to keep things real, I forgot that a basket of unfolded laundry was in the background...ahem...anyway, back to those fine motor skills in action.
KA'UPULEHU, Hawaii – New rules creating a marine reserve at Ka‘ūpūlehu, and a 10-year ban on near shore fishing, go into effect on Friday, July 29.
The new reserve boundaries will encompass the existing Ka‘ūpūlehu Fish Replenishment Area, and will be accompanied by a decade-long no take “rest period” — with limited exceptions — to allow for the recovery of reef fish stocks prior to the implementation of a fishery management plan for Ka‘ūpūlehu, the state says.
The rules had the support of a large group of island residents involved in caring for Ka‘ūpūlehu, but it also raised an alarm for fishermen across the state who see the rule as an erosion of their fishing rights.
The state ultimately sided with those in favor of the marine reserve, such as the Ka‘ūpūlehu Marine Life Advisory Committee, which took the lead with the “Try Wait” initiative.
“Thanks to our collective efforts,” the KMLAC wrote in a message of gratitude, “we will have the opportunity to heal a 3.6-mile stretch of coastline from Kalaemanō to Kikaua Point, extending out from the shoreline to a depth of 120 feet (20 fathoms). For the next 10 years, together, we will “Try Wait.” We can expect to see more and bigger uhu, kole, kala, manini, maiko, munu, weke, and many more of the species that can spend a lifetime growing and reproducing within the reefs of this shoreline. When the time comes to harvest again, these thriving schools will provide enough fish to meet our needs -– if we manage responsibly and sustainably.”
“We celebrate the leadership demonstrated by the DLNR, Governor Ige, and the countless staff, kama'aina, and all of you who have contributed so much of your manaʻo along the way,” KMLAC added.
The Department of Land and Natural Resources says the rule prohibits the take or possession of any aquatic life within the reserve boundaries, from the shoreline seaward to the 20-fathom (120-foot) depth contour. Beyond of the 20-fathom depth contour, hook-and-line fishing is allowed for the following bottom fish, pelagic, and introduced species: ‘opakapaka, kalekale, lehi, gindai, onaga, ehu, hapu‘upu‘u, uku, nabeta, aku, ahi and tombo, a‘u, ono, mahimahi, ta‘ape, toau, and roi; also Kona crab may be taken by Kona crab net.
The rule also prohibits the possession or use of any fishing gear other than hook-and-line and/or Kona crab net within the reserve; and deploying any fishing gear shoreward of the 20 fathom depth contour.
“The establishment of this reserve is largely due to the steadfast commitment and efforts of many community members, including long-time fishermen and native Hawaiians who live and fish in this area. They worked for more than 17 years to get support for the Ka‘ūpūlehu Reserve,” said Suzanne Case, chair of the Department of Land and Natural Resources. “As a result of the rest period, we can expect to see more uhu and other reef fish critical to the health of the coral ecosystem at Ka‘ūpūlehu and surrounding areas.”
“Marine reserves and “rest” areas have proven to be effective in many other areas of Hawai'i and around the world,” said Bruce Anderson, administrator of the Division of Aquatic Resources. Coral reef ecosystems can recover in just five to 10 years under the right conditions, and the Ka‘ūpūlehu area was a very productive fishery historically. We will monitor the abundance of fish and coral cover annually, and develop a responsible management plan that should allow for at least some types of fishing to resume once the rest area is re-opened,” said Anderson.
LG's display subsidiary is promising drastically thinner, lighter touchscreens that will be ready for notebooks later this year. With full HD (1080p) resolution, the Advanced In-Cell Touch (AIT) screens substitute a touch panel layer for a touch sensor built into the LCD itself -- that's what makes it thin. It's the same tech found in smartphones like LG's own G4, but this is the first time it's been sized up to laptops. Thickness savings will be around 25 percent, while weight reductions could be as much as 35 percent compared to typical laptop touchscreen. That reduction in layers also translates to less light reflection, which LG Display reckons will make the new screens brighter and clearer. The company plans to roll out multiple sizes, with stylus-compatible models also on the way. If these screens are going to shave the profile of your next Ultrabook even further, there might be no other choice but to go with a few of those oh-so-slender USB-C ports.
A video from a late-night TV show featuring six Southern California climate scientists speaking in plain language about the reality of climate change — some using bleeped out profanity to underscore their message — has gone viral.
The video that aired during Monday night's episode of ABC's “Jimmy Kimmel Live” received nearly 500,000 views on YouTube, plus thousands of views on Huffington Post and other news and commentary websites reacting to the segment, thrusting the normally camera-shy researchers into the harsh glare of the climate change issue.
Alex Hall, a climate scientist from UCLA's Institute of the Environment and Sustainability, called the video effective at calling out climate change deniers and those who say scientists want to perpetuate a hoax in order to attract more funding and make money.
“What I liked about it, was that in a funny way it showed how absurd it is to say that scientists would make this up,” said Hall on Wednesday. “It very effectively undermines this whole idea.”
In their introduction, Kimmel countered former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin, who spoke about the climate change hoax while promoting a movie made by Marc Marano, a denier of human-made climate change, called “Climate Hustle,” which aired Monday night in theaters, including some in Burbank, Arcadia and Glendora. Marano has no scientific background and instead was communications director for conservative commentator Rush Limbaugh and Sen. James Inhofe, R-OK, ranking member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee who has said climate change is a fallacy.
Saying they would rather listen to real scientists, Kimmel showed the video with Hall and Aradhna Tripati, paleoclimatologist and isotope geochemist also from UCLA; Nina Karnovsky, polar ecologist, and Chuck Taylor, environmental analytical chemist, from Pomona College; Jeremy Pal, civil engineering and environmental scientist and John Dorsey, marine environmental scientist, from Loyola Marymount University in Los Angeles.
The scientists shed lab coats and microscopes for a two-minute Hollywood close-up.
“When they called me, I didn't know who Jimmy Kimmel was,” said Karnovsky, who teaches a class called “Global Change Biology” and whose research had taken them to both the Arctic and Antarctic.
“I was in Trader Joe's and bumped into Pomona College chemistry professor Chuck Taylor. “He said ‘are you going to do this?' And I said, ‘I don't know, what is this?'”
To avoid any potential embarrassment on set, Karnovsky made sure to look Kimmel up before they and Taylor took a Town Car hired by the show in to the taping.
The segment was recorded weeks ago, but no one, including the producers of the show, knew exactly when it would air.
After the segment finally aired, Karnovsky said she's been hearing from “everybody in my life.”
“They're all writing to me saying ‘I saw you in the Washington Post, I saw you in the Huffington Post,' so that's been really fun,” they said.
In the video, climate scientists use bleeped out profanity to speak directly to climate change skeptics, telling them that rising global temperatures are human-made, caused by carbon pollution: “When we tell you all this, we're not “f***ing with you,” said Tripati in the video, a line repeated by some of the others.
Despite the flippant tone, Karnovsky said the issue is a serious one.
“The places I work, the arctic and the Antarctica, I have seen these changes,” they said. “I have seen starving polar bears. Glaciers I used to walk over, I now walk in front of, because now they have shrunk so much.”
Pal, one of the contributing authors to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Changes (IPCC) report released in 2007 that said global warming is “very likely” caused by man, said they first said no to Kimmel, thinking adding humor to such a serious issue was wrong.
After it aired, they were surprised by the overwhelming positive response left on their Facebook page and other social media. “I thought there would be more negative backlash from the denier community,” they said.
Hall, also an author of the IPCC report, said they were concerned about the appearance of scientists and a child actor dropping F-bombs.
“I was worried about sharing it on Facebook because I didn't want my mother to see it. I still don't swear around my parents,” Hall said with a chuckle. They noted that in the video, they were the only scientist not to use profanity, saying the Kimmel team thought they had an innocent face.
Karnovsky can't explain why laypersons dismiss the conclusions of an estimated 97 percent of climate scientists who agree that human-made climate change is a real and a serious phenomenon.
“It's mysterious to me, because there are intelligent people who are often the ones being naysayers, but I have to think they have some sort of agenda or they're just really suspicious of scientists, and that makes me really sad,” they said.
Dorsey, 66, who teaches marine science at LMU and is an avid surfer, said they understand that perhaps older Americans feel threatened by this scientific research.
“They worked hard all their lives and they want to get their families better off and they hear you can't do this or that because of climate change. It is not so much they don't believe the science, it is their values are under attack,” they said.
Some of the confusion for the general public may be attributable to how climate works in general, with local weather being the result of ocean temperatures, air pressure and temperature, and many other tough-to-observe phenomena.
“It can be confusing, because global warming is causing warming, but in some places, it's getting cooler,” Karnovsky said. “I sympathize with people, because it can be complicated.”
Perhaps predictably, commenters on the YouTube page for the video are attacking one another, calling each other idiots and worse. Kimmel on Tuesday read the negative comments on the air, saying most were penned by those with poor grammar.
“It's exhausting” dealing with climate change deniers,” Karnovsky said. “I just try to put my science out there and let that stand.”
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Every day brings new stories out of the White House about what an idiot Donald Trump is. I kinda sorta try to stay away from them, with only sporadic success. But this one is worth it for reasons unrelated to the anecdote itself. Here are S.V. Date and Christina Wilkie:
President Donald Trump was confused about the dollar: Was it a strong one that's good for the economy? Or a weak one? So they made a call?except not to any of the business leaders Trump brought into their administration or even to an old friend from their days in real estate. Instead, they called their national security adviser, retired Lt. Gen. Mike Flynn, according to two sources familiar with Flynn's accounts of the incident. Flynn has a long record in counterintelligence but not in macroeconomics. And they told Trump they didn't know, that it wasn't their area of expertise, that, perhaps, Trump should ask an economist instead.
Just for the record, the answer about the dollar is: it depends. But a weak dollar is good for boosting exports and reducing the trade deficit, so that's probably what Trump was looking for.
These anecdotes are basically liberal porn for those of us who revel in reports of Trump's almost unfathomable ignorance. I include myself among the revelers, but I also know that there's no way of knowing for sure which of these stories are true and which are just malicious gossip. What's more interesting is the topic of the rest of the story:
Unsurprisingly, Trump's volatile behavior has created an environment ripe for leaks from their executive agencies and even within their White House. And while leaks typically involve staffers sabotaging each other to improve their own standing or trying to scuttle policy ideas they find genuinely problematic, Trump's 2-week-old administration has a third category: leaks from White House and agency officials alarmed by the president's conduct. …Information about Trump's personal interactions and the inner workings of their administration has come to HuffPost from individuals in executive agencies and in the White House itself. They spoke on condition of anonymity for fear of losing their jobs. While some of the leaks are based on opposition to their policies—the travel ban on all refugees and on visitors from seven predominantly Muslim nations, for instance—many appear motivated by a belief that Trump's words, deeds and tweets pose a genuine threat.
This is truly bizarre and unique. Every new White House has lots of growing pains and plenty of leaks. But they never feature leak after leak portraying the president as a boob. That's something new.
At this point, I'm mostly curious about who's doing the leaking. Is it career staff from the Obama era who are still working in the White House until they get reassigned? Or is this coming from folks who were actually hired by Trump? If it's the former, it's still unprecedented but probably just represents lingering resentment. However, if Trump's own people think he's an idiot and are happy to let the whole world know it, something is very, very wrong.
But I don't know which it is.
You are now able to authorize 10 computers, and 5 user accounts to share your game library with.
Steam has announced that its Family Sharing system, which allows friends and family members to share games temporarily with each other, is now out of beta and in its first full release. "Lenders" are able to authorize up to ten computers, and five Steam accounts, who can then request to "borrow" a game for a period of time. The lender can lend a game to the "borrower," who has free reign of it until the lender wants it back, and which point the borrower must return it or purchase their own copy. If the borrower does purchase their own copy, their progress is carried over.
Before you go out and try to lend all your games to your buddies, there is a considerable downside to the service. There is absolutely no way for users to authorize an account remotely, meaning your buddy has to come over to your house and physically log into their Steam account from your machine in order to become a borrower.
For family members though, it should work perfectly, as you'll easily be able to lend out specific games without having to log out of your own Steam account.
When the beta for Family Sharing opened last year, Valve said the service "is designed for close friends and family members to play one another's Steam games while each earning their own Steam achievements and storing their own saves and application data to the Steam cloud."
Games with an additional third-party key cannot be shared between accounts, and regional restrictions will remain the same.
Source: Steam Community
Tom Friedman wrote "The World is Flat", suggesting that globalization had leveled the playing field between industrial and emerging countries. Jeff Rubin of CIBC World Markets suggests that this is perhaps changing because of the cost of fuel.
The cost of shipping a 40 foot container from Shanghai to the east coast of North America has gone from $3,000 in 2000 to $8,000 because of the cost of fuel, and for many products, the Asian cost advantage has virtually disappeared.
"In a world of triple-digit oil prices, distance costs money," write Jeff Rubin of CIBC World Markets. "And while trade liberalization and technology may have flattened the world, rising transport prices will once again make it rounder."
Commodities will be hit hardest
Heavy commodity items like steel that are not particularly labour intensive are the first to be hit; Chinese steel exports have fallen by 20% in the last year. The Chinese were bringing iron or from faraway places like Brazil and shipping it back to the USA; now American mills actually have a price advantage.
Marcus Gee quotes Rubin and Benjamin Tal in the Globe and Mail:
Shipping costs to and from Asia have risen so much that they have eclipsed tariffs as a barrier to global trade, Mr. Rubin and Mr. Tal say, calling the cost of moving goods "the largest barrier to global trade today."
"In fact," they say, "in tariff-equivalent terms, the explosion in global transport costs has effectively offset all the trade liberalization efforts of the last three decades."
When oil was $20 a barrel, transport costs were equivalent to a 3-per-cent tariff rate; now it's above 9 per cent.
Aggravating the problem is the fact that modern new container ships travel faster than old bulk carriers and so use up more fuel, doubling fuel consumption per unit of freight over the past 15 years.
"This is an environment in which shipping from the Pacific Rim may not make sense any more," Mr. Tal said in an interview.
"If you're thinking, 'maybe we should bring in a container from China,' you should think again." ::Globe and Mail
Jeff Rubin has a way with words; other quotes in TreeHugger:
On the tar sands: "You know you are at the bottom of the ninth when you are schlepping a tonne of sand to get a barrel of oil"Canadian Tar Sands: a Hydrocarbon Hurricane
On the price of oil: "Stripping out natural gas liquids, oil production has not grown for over two years, which certainly goes a long way to explaining why oil prices have doubled over that period," Rubin said. "It is increasingly clear that the outlook for oil supply signals a period of unprecedented scarcity." Gas $7 Per Gallon in Four Years
Dehradun: In wake of the strained Indo-China relations, Patanjali Ayurveda founder and Yoga guru Baba Ramdev on Wednesday appealed to Indians to put ban on the purchase of Chinese products which would reduce their market in the country.
"Indians should strictly ban the purchase of Chinese products. This will reduce their market in our country and they would be compelled to step back," they said.
Ramdev further asserted that the Chinese companies have captured the Indian market with their electronic goods, automobiles, Chinese toys and several others.
"Once the Indians stop buying these products, these Chinese companies would be financially weak and shall be forced to withdraw themselves," they added.
The remark from Beijing comes at a time when India's National Security Advisor (NSA) Ajit Doval is flying off to China to attend the BRICS security summit.
Doval will attend the two-day BRICS meet in Beijing that is scheduled to begin on Thursday.
The meet will focus on core issues like counter-terrorism and security.
Meanwhile, Indian and Chinese troops are still locked in the month-long standoff in Doklam and both sides have moved additional troops, ammunition and military equipment to the area.
The stand-off emerged after Chinese troops were stopped by the Indian Army from constructing roads at the Doklam border.
India claims Sikkim border as part of its territory, while China has said that the area falls on their side as per the 1890 treaty signed between British and China.
Consequently, China suspended the annual Kailash Manasarovar Yatra and conceded that the decision to suspend the pilgrimage was due to the border scuffle.
It also alleged that the Indian troops had crossed the Sikkim Sector of the Indo-China border. Beijing has accused New Delhi of violating a convention signed in 1890 between Britain and China relating to Sikkim and Tibet.
Mexican modernism was also about more than murals, which are often its only recognized manifestation abroad. “The dominance of muralism has obscured from the art-historical record practices such as ‘Estridentismo' [also known as ‘Stridentism] that made cultural circles hum with competing visions,” the art historian Lynda Klich notes of one of the country's modernist countermovements. Here was an international, vanguard style represented by the poet Manuel Maples Arce (1900–1981) and the painter Ramón Alva de la Canal (1892–1985) that was often at odds with the localism of the muralists and the folk art traditions advocated by artists and teachers such as Dr. Atl (1875–1964), Roberto Montenegro (1885–1968), and Adolfo Best Maugard (1891–1964). “The postrevolutionary environment fostered many artistic dialogs, including the Estridentistas' own interrogation of what it meant to be both modern and Mexican at this time,” says Klich.
“For many years,” says Matthew Affron, the exhibition's curator at the Philadelphia Museum, “the received story of modern Mexican art was dominated by los tres grandes . . . Orozco, Rivera, and Siqueiros, though standard accounts also had room for [Rufino] Tamayo [(1899–1991)], who positioned themselves as the muralists' competitor. The popular ascent of Frida Kahlo (1907–1954) came in the 1980s. Only in more recent times have the diverse achievements of the broader modernist artistic community been examined in greater depth.”
With more than three hundred objects—including paintings, drawings, photographs, woodcuts, and publications—“Paint the Revolution” goes far beyond the political “painted revolution” many of us associate with the famous muralists.
One point of tension was just what should be “modern” and “progressive” about Mexican art. “This exhibition alters our idea of what modern is,” Affron tells me as they opened their show. The Mexicans “might also change our understanding of what is progressive art and what is regressive art,” they add. For one, they “complicate our ideas of realism. There are elements of murals that speak to masses, but there are also elements that are much more coded. There is an interesting dialog between an art which wants to speak to many publics at once, a wide public, and an insider public.” Drawing directly on the esoteric influence of symbolism in late nineteenth-century Mexico City, there known as “Modernista,” for example, even in its most realistic and didactic forms the art of the Mexican modernists “dislocates what is looking forward and what is looking back. This quite elite streak in modernism, that doesn't end.”
This more cosmopolitan, “decadent” influence of Mexican art was picked up by a movement known as Contemporáneos, with artists such as Manuel Rodríguez Lozano, who cultivated a connection to Oscar Wilde and André Gide “as a strategy for publicly representing their own homosexuality,” writes the Philadelphia Museum's Mark A. Castro, “creating a counterpoint to the hypermasculinized images of celebrated revolutionary leaders such as Francisco (Pancho) Villa and Emiliano Zapata.” Connecting in the 1930s with the Surrealist exiles from Europe, the Contemporáneos sought a pure, art-for-art's-sake aesthetic, free of political compromise and dedicated to personal visual language.
After the Contemporáneos criticized the murals of Rivera for turning art into a “political-social instrument” for the state's agenda, Rivera lashed out at them in 1934 as “pimps of the bourgeoisie” in an article they called "Arte puro: Puros maricones" (Pure Art: Pure Faggots), while caricaturing two of their artists in their mural panels. Orozco also derided them as los rorros Fachistas (Fascist Gay Boys) in a drawing for the publication El machete. “For the muralists,” writes the art historian Mireida Velázquez, “the revolution had signified the possibility of renewing Mexican culture; for the Contemporáneos, it represented a period of barbarity that had broken the balance established under Porfirio Díaz.”
Another point of tension was between the Marxism of muralists such as Rivera and the capitalism of their American patrons, who repeatedly lavished them with major projects. After Edsel Ford brought Rivera to the Detroit Institute of Arts to paint their most famous and brilliant stateside mural over eleven months from 1932 to 1933, Nelson Rockefeller commissioned them later that year to paint a mural of similar scope in the lobby of the new RCA Building at Rockefeller Center—even after Rivera had included a not-so-flattering portrait of Rockefeller's grandfather in the Ministry of Public Education (SEP) murals in Mexico City. Their diverging views came to a histrionic head as Rivera departed from their original proposal and included a portrait of Lenin in their RCA lineup. Rockefeller objected, and the New York mural was destroyed—only to be reproduced back in Mexico City.
“None of them was a dupe,” says Affron. “They all knew what was going on. It cannot be an accident that during the Great Depression this American art with ancient sources, not European, a moral art, came to the attention of such a varied public. Rockefeller and the Fords understood that as patrons during the Depression they had a certain responsibility. Rivera fit the bill, but it wasn't an easy relationship.”
Despite the mural controversy, Affron says, Abby Aldrich Rockefeller purchased Rivera's May Day drawings and gave them to the Museum of Modern Art. “This is not a simple story. They were all living in a situation of shifting political sands.”
Photo caption Portrait of Martín Luis Guzmán, 1915, by Diego Rivera (Fundación Televisa Collection). © Banco de México Diego Rivera Frida Kahlo Museums Trust, Mexico, D.F./Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York
With repeated overtures and allusions to art history, from the Old Masters to indigenous abstraction, the Mexican modernists drew on a diverse inventory of sources that looked both forward and backward, local and international. “One of the ideas we try to hit people over the head with,” says Affron, is that “no matter how nationalist this Mexican art was, it was just as internationalist, and this is the great surprise to many people.” After training in Mexico City's National School of Fine Arts, for example, a government scholarship brought Rivera to Montparnasse in Paris, where they lived at its moment of the greatest modernist ferment from 1911 to 1921, in fact missing the direct experience of the Mexican Revolution. Instead, they became immersed in the circle of modernists around the studio building of La Ruche, a group that included the painters Chaim Soutine and Amedeo Modigliani and the poet Max Jacob. According to Mexican scholar Dafne Cruz Porchini, Rivera was also steeped in mystical beliefs as a member of a Rosicrucian order—a reason why hidden, subterranean forces can often complicate the political messages of their murals.
This all helps explain why one of Rivera's earliest paintings now on display in “Paint the Revolution,” Portrait of Martín Luis Guzmán (1915), mixes Analytical Cubism with the Hispanism of a matador's hat and the Mexicanidad, or “Mexicanized,” pattern of a native blanket for this depiction of a writer Rivera portrayed sitting in their Paris studio. For an artist today identified as one of Mexico's big three muralists through a native, political, “revolutionary” style, Rivera was most influenced by this period of European high-modernist expatriation. As compared with Rivera's revolutionary theories developed abroad, the muralist Orozco experienced the bloody revolution of Mexico first hand—one reason their work tended to focus on the disasters, rather than the aims, of war.
Beyond their contemporary influences, Rivera increasingly looked back—to Cézanne, to El Greco (whom they studied in Toledo), and finally to Italy, where Renaissance fresco initially sparked their interest in muralism. Rivera's European influences, in fact, put their work at odds with the muralism of Siqueiros, who attempted to radicalize not only their content but their medium.
“Rivera's mural art is a modern adaptation of an historical medium—the Mexican government financed their trip in 1921 to Italy,” says Affron. “But by the 1930s Siqueiros was loudly denying that fresco was a good way to go. They thought it was an historical anachronism, an elitist medium.” So as Rivera looked to historicized techniques in designing their murals for classical buildings from Mexico City to Detroit—trompe l'oeil frames, grisaille, illusionistic banners, and other traditional academic techniques—Siqueiros began experimenting with spray paint, synthetic pigments, and unorthodox spatial perspectives. These innovations came together in Siqueiros's dizzying Portrait of the Bourgeoisie (1939–1940), which they painted in the stairwell of the new modernist headquarters of the Mexican electricians' labor union and is reproduced in a special installation in “Paint the Revolution.”
This brings up a question for any exhibition on Mexican modernism: how to treat its most well-known component. “When I would speak about the exhibition, I'd say, I know what you are thinking: What about the murals?” says Affron. “The stumbling block of any exhibition of this kind is that the most famous artistic examples are bound into the walls in which they are painted.” For two major murals, Affron and their colleagues at both the Philadelphia Museum and in Mexico found a solution in high-definition video technology deployed on site. These films are used to reproduce the work as scanning projections for Rivera's Ballad of the Agricultural Revolution (1926–27) and Ballad of the Proletarian Revolution (1928–29) from the SEP in Mexico City, and Orozco's The Epic of American Civilization (1932–34) from Baker Library at Dartmouth College in Hanover, New Hampshire.
“It was important to us that all of the digital simulations find a way to really show they exist in architectural spaces and can only be seen in time and space,” Affron tells me. “I cared a lot about that. You must give people an equivalent version of the experience. We have a whole team here working in information technology and interpretation, and they worked with the curatorial department. Then we had to hire a very specialized team in Mexico City. You get a level of clarity and quality, and the solution was totally innovative. No one has seen it done this way. It really required everybody's brain to add something that couldn't be added by other means.”
Photo caption Carnival at Huejotzingo, 1939, José Chávez Morado, Phoenix Art Museum. © Artists Rights Society (ARS), New York/SOMAAP, Mexico
Without any murals of its own—unlike its partner institution, the Museo del Palacio de Bellas Artes in Mexico City, which features murals by all three greats, including Rivera's recast Rockefeller Center work—the Philadelphia Museum might not appear to be the first institution to choose to take on such a large-scale Mexican exhibition. But, in fact, the institution's commitment to Mexican modernism runs as deep as any American museum's.
Trained as an engineer in Austria, René d'Harnoncourt moved from Paris to Mexico in 1926 to try to live as a painter, but they soon established themselves as a dealer and curator, first in Mexican antiquities and then for the modernists. In 1930 they organized the first exhibition of Mexican art in the United States at the Metropolitan Museum of Art.
With its grand building's opening in 1928, the Philadelphia Museum also first looked to the Mexicans, and d'Harnoncourt, to fill out its modern collection, decades before such great modernist bequests as that of Walter and Louise Arensberg, which included Duchamp's Nude Descending a Staircase, No. 2 (1912), enriched its collection in the 1950s.
Then, in 1943, the Philadelphia Museum organized “Mexican Art Today,” arguably the most significant exhibition of Mexican art in the United States in the twentieth century and a model for the current show. It also happens that d'Harnoncourt's only child, Anne Julie d'Harnoncourt, served as the longtime director and later CEO of the Philadelphia Museum of Art, from 1982 until their death in 2008. “And to think that Rivera came here in 1922,” says Affron. "And René's daughter became the director here. These are all examples of why we are the right institution to do this show.”
Today Philadelphia has one of the richest contemporary mural projects of any city. What began as an anti-graffiti initiative in the 1980s, the city's Mural Arts Program now employs hundreds of artists a year and has become a defining characteristic of the cityscape. Is there a direct connection between this exhibition and what we now see lining the city streets? “I don't think you can connect them as a cause and effect, but there's a consonance of ideas,” says Affron of the Mexican muralists and Philadelphia's contemporary examples.
“Paint the Revolution” proves yet again how the true revolution of art was modernism itself, which flowered simultaneously across continents in multiple centers of influence. “This story was both local and international from the start,” Affron concludes. “Mexican artists created a modern art that was deeply embedded in international politics and aesthetic currents, but was also rooted in Mexico's particular experiences, history, traditions, iconography, and institutions. Looking back a century later, at a moment when a global account of modernism is emerging, Mexico between 1910 and 1950 clearly belongs at the center of the story”—with a revolution in style that remains revelatory.
The suit against J.K. Rowling has already gotten further than many thought it would. But does it really stand a chance?
In a surprise decision, Justice David Kitchin has refused to dismiss a plagiarism lawsuit charging that "Harry Potter" author J.K. Rowling stole concepts – wizard contests, wizard prisons, wizard hospitals, and wizard colleges – for "Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire" from late fantasy novelist Adrian Jacobs' 1987 book "'The Adventures of Willy the Wizard."
Rowling has called the claims against their "unfounded" and "absurd" and lawyers acting on behalf of their British publisher Bloomsbury had asked the judge to dismiss the case outright. However, the judge ruled that they did "not feel able at this stage to say that Mr. Allen's case is so bad that I can properly describe it as fanciful."
However, Kitchin did call the case "improbable." But because it has what they call "a chance of success" they have ruled that they will allow a one-day hearing to be scheduled to consider the case – at the expense of the plaintiff. That hearing has yet to be scheduled.
The Jacobs case is not the first time that Rowling has had to face plagiarism charges – and probably not the last. As Library Journal writer Lauren Barack pointed out last year, "Given the success of Rowling's Potter series it seems unlikely that she'll stop being a lightning rod for suits of this nature."
Many Rowling fans are quick to defend their hero ("Harry Potter is one of a kind and this guy [has] got nothing on J.K.," writes one in a typical comment), but most are perhaps more focused on the upcoming release (Nov. 19 in the US) of the seventh "Harry Potter" film, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part I."
It's hard to imagine that this plagiarism suit – whatever direction it takes – will do anything to dampen that enthusiasm.
Marjorie Kehe is the Monitor's book editor.
Join the Monitor's book discussion on Facebook and Twitter.
LONDON — A major security breach occurred in the House of Commons when a man in the public gallery hurled marbles at MPs from the public gallery.
The man stood up and shouted, while the marbles are understood to have damaged the glass screen in the gallery.
Members of the public were detained in the public gallery while the man, who had different coloured eyes, was detained by police officers.
When questioned by the Telegraph the man swore and declined to answer. Asked what their protest was about they replied: “No comment mate.”
Police officers at the scene declined to say whether they were under arrest.
The man declined to give their name. Asked about why they had thrown the marbles they said: “You can ask but you are not going to get it.”
They added: “That was not a protest. Last week I heard them say it was us and them, the elite and us.”
The breach is the most serious in the Commons in the 10 years since Tony Blair, the Prime Minister, was hit by purple powder thrown from the gallery.
James Smith, 17, who is on a work placement in Parliament was in PMQs for the first time. They said that the gallery fell “dead silent” after a man in a green coat threw a large bag of marbles over the protective screen.
They said: “It was over the NHS thing, Cameron said something and this man was obviously not very happy, so they got up and threw the marbles at the window and proceeded to swear and use foul language – very foul language.
“It was dead silent, everyone was in shock – a bit shocked that this man had got up and thrown some marbles. It was immediately obvious it was marbles, a big bag of them and they went everywhere.
“The guys grabbed them and they wouldn't go. They were saying “I'm an English gentleman, I have the right to say my bit” and then they got carted off.
“We were just ‘wow' – and then carried on watching.”
They added: “I don't know how they got in because they had a big green coat on so they have obviously hidden it in there. How have they got in with a bag of marbles? I had a full body search, the guy in front of me did, the guy behind me did.”
Another man, who witnessed the security breach but did not want to be named, said that the man had been carrying an A4 size bag of marbles which they had hidden in their coat.
They said: “At the Worcester question this guy stood up and said “you are all idiots, I am English” and threw what appeared to be a bag of marbles at the screen.
“It was shocking at the time because you wonder how they got it in with a bag of marbles. After that the officials came forward and they created more fuss by shouting “don't touch me, I'm English, don't touch me.”
“He had no point, they did not make a statement – they just seemed to go volatile.
“We have had various checks coming through and [my partner] had to leave their handbag before coming in, and they somehow managed to smuggle in this bag, about the size of a flour bag. They didn't offer us a game or anything!”
Their partner added: “It was a bag about the size of an A4 sheet, full of marbles. There were people around picking them up and the official picking them up. It was quite a shock.”
Jim Murphy, Labour's Shadow International Development Secretary, said there should be a “thorough inquiry” into how it was allowed to happen but “not in such a way that jeopardizes the public's ability, to come along, to be in the public gallery but importantly meet their members of Parliament in central lobby.”
“I had constituents with me today… touring around in a relatively free way in the Palace of Westminster is a big part and a good part of our democracy.
BOSTON (CBS) — The Bruins will be without second-year defenseman Dougie Hamilton for a stretch as they recover from what the team is calling a “mild concussion.”
Bruins head coach Claude Julien announced the injury on Tuesday, after Hamilton missed practice on Monday and Tuesday.
Julien said that the team does not expect Hamilton to miss too much time.
With Hamilton out, the Bruins still have six healthy D-men, though any further injuries would necessitate another emergency call-up from Providence. Already this season, Kevan Miller, David Warsofsky and Zach Trotman made their NHL debuts on the Bruins' blue line.
The Bruins host the Toronto Maple Leafs on Tuesday night.
Hamilton, 20, has played in 33 games this season, scoring four goals and collecting six assists to go with a plus-9 rating.
This week 1700 Dutch households raised EUR 1.3 million in just thirteen hours to buy shares in a wind turbine – setting a new world record for crowdfunding. For the next 12 years, these households will receive their own sustainable energy from the cooperatively owned turbine. With electricity costs set to rise, the ‘wind-sharers' will benefit from big annual savings – by anticipating and managing energy needs.
Facilitated by Dutch company WindCentrale, the wind shares were sold for EUR 200 each and households bought single shares or blocks of shares. Each share corresponds to approximately 500kWh of electricity per year (the annual average household consumption in the Netherlands is 3500kWh).
Harm Reitsma, founder of Windcentrale, comments: ‘We expected things would move fast, but nobody anticipated the run on the wind-shares that happened yesterday evening. An increasing number of people want to generate their own electricity. Solar panels aren't always an option and so wind-shares in a remote wind turbine gives everyone the chance to take matters into their own hands and generate their own clean electricity. As a result, interest in our wind-shares has been huge, and continues to rise. A good example of Power To The People!'
Windcentrale was founded in 2010, setting up cooperatives to help accelerate the switch to sustainable energy in the Netherlands. The wind-sharers jointly own the wind turbine, and a dedicated smartphone App allows every owner to see wind speeds and electricity production levels ‘real time'.
Explicitly linking patterns of energy consumption and renewable energy production is also highlighted in EnergizAIR, an Intelligent Energy-Europe project aimed at setting up a renewable energy weather forecast covering real-time production indicators for PV, solar thermal and wind turbines.
Irish start-up EnergyElephant uses a ‘e-traffic light' system to let users know when there is a lot of renewable energy being generated. Founder Joe Borza sees this as a way to enable consumer choice in reducing household's carbon footprint, tweeting last week ‘What a day for Irish wind energy! 40% for most of this afternoon!!!' Time to ‘make hay while the sun shines', and the wind blows…
Photo Credit: Crowdfunding Wind Energy/shutterstock
There's a little-known and decidedly average George Romero movie called Bruiser which, despite turning rubbish and hysterical at the end, has a creepy and intriguing premise. In it, Jason Flemyng plays a successful young marketing exec who wakes up one day to discover their face has inexplicably transformed into a smooth, white, featureless mask. They stand horrified in front of the mirror, trying to remove it but failing because it's fused to their head. They have literally become a blank.
That's the best bit of the film. After that it all goes a bit daft, as Flemyng's newfound anonymity sends them doolally and they run around Los Angeles killing people left right and centre (mainly centre) until you just don't care any more. I'd have preferred them to stand weeping in front of the mirror for the remaining 90 minutes because I found that bit exceptionally creepy. And you know why? Because I can relate to it, that's why. Thanks for asking.
I could relate to it not because I've got a smooth, featureless face - sadly, it's more like a lumpy relief map charting myriad disappointments - but because in the past few months I've grown increasingly concerned that deep inside, underneath, in my heart, at my core, in my bones, within the very centre of my soul, lurks a terrifying, all-consuming, awful, echoing blankness.
Just to be clear, this is not the same thing as depression, which would manifest itself as an actively negative mindset. Rather it's an absence of any definable mood whatsoever. It's not like glancing at the glass of water and seeing it as half-empty; more like glancing at the glass of water and seeing it as half-full, but shrugging indifferently and staring at the wall instead of running around giggling and setting off party poppers. And to be fair, vacant indifference is the only sane reaction to a mere glass of water in the first place. It's hard to muster much enthusiasm or despair either way. Which leaping great cretin at the Department of Psychological Metaphor decided your opinion vis-a-vis a glass of water should be the barometer of character anyhow? If you want to find out who's a pessimist and who's an optimist, don't faff around filling tumblers - water's a precious resource, for Christ's sake. Just ask them. Or issue them a form with OPTIMIST and PESSIMIST printed on it, and see which box they tick. It's not rocket science.
Anyway, back to my thudding personal blankness. It's probably a bonus. On the one hand, I take absolutely no pride whatsoever in whatever meagre professional achievements I can muster, take little interest in anything outside work and am essentially just a blinking, shuffling mannequin watching events in their life merely drift past like underwhelming prizes on the Generation Game conveyor belt. And on the other, I just don't give a shit. It's a win-win situation. Or it would be, if I had any concept of "winning" in the first place.
Apparently this condition is known as "anhedonia" - the inability to derive any pleasure from things that would normally be considered pleasurable. Hand someone truly anhedonic a slice of chocolate cake, and at best they'll think, "Hmm, my tastebuds indicate this cake is delicious," rather than simply enjoying it. They subject it to Spock-like analysis, swallow it, shrug, and then crap it out a few hours later, wearing a neutral, unchanging expression throughout. Well, that's me, that is.
And it's hard to see what the cure might be. If you've fallen out of love with life - not to the point of actually disliking it, you understand, but to such a degree that you merely tolerate rather than welcome each passing day - it's surely impossible to get the spark back. Any suggestions? Religious epiphanies and extreme sports are out. And I could do without raising a family, thanks: that looks like an almighty pain in the arse and to be honest I couldn't be bothered. I'd immerse myself in a hobby but they all look so pointless. You might as well sit alone in a shed counting numbers. I've tried cultivating a passion for the arts but that didn't work either. I mean, I quite like plays, live music, exhibitions, museums and paintings, but not enough to spend more than 25 minutes journeying to see them. Reading's all right, but be honest - turning the pages isn't ultimately worth the effort. Perhaps serial killing would help. Yeah. That'd give everything a welcome bit of edge. Although I'm prepared to believe even that gets boring surprisingly quickly: within two weeks I'd be yawning my way through yet another humdrum strangling.
Still, it could be worse. Having listlessly Googled anhedonia, I see it's related to a hilarious spin-off condition called "ejaculatory anhedonia". Apparently it mainly affects men, and as the name suggests, the unfortunate few who suffer from it are incapable of deriving any pleasure whatsoever from orgasms. They make a bit of mess while staring impassively into the middle distance, and that's it. Like the human equivalent of a pushdown soap-dispenser. Now that would be depressing. Ah, well.
This week Charlie read The Tiger That Isn't: "A startlingly interesting book about statistics. Yes, statistics. Honestly, it makes them interesting. It does. But don't take my miserable word for it, go and pick up a copy and read it your stinking self."
Solar tariffs in India fell to a record low of Rs 2.44 per unit earlier this month
© Thomson Reuters 2017
: The government will levy a 5 per cent tax on all equipment required for generating solar power compared with nil duty now, Revenue Secretary Hasmukh Adhia clarified, putting an end to confusion about the new taxation policy for the industry after its landmark tax reform - Goods and Services Tax (GST). "All solar equipments and its parts would attract 5 per cent GST only," Mr Adhia said in a tweet on Sunday, contrary to the initially planned two tax slabs of 5 per cent and 18 per cent.India, the world's third biggest greenhouse gas emitter, has set a target to produce 100 gigawatts of solar power in five years to fuel its economic expansion while reducing its carbon footprint.A flat 5 per cent tax on all solar power equipment will put the sector on par with domestic coal from July 1 and make solar energy generation more expensive.The 5 per cent tax, however, is in contrast to a previous notification that had fixed an 18 per cent tax on photovoltaic cells and panels, which account for a bulk of solar power generation costs.Domestic coal sales now attract a 11.69 per cent duty.State-run Coal India Ltd, saddled with millions of tonnes of unsold coal, is expected to be the biggest beneficiary of the decision.A tax on solar parts could hurt the young and booming industry, which relies heavily on cells imported from China. Solar tariffs in India had fallen to a record low of Rs 2.44 ($0.0378) per unit earlier this month.India is extending capital subsidies and cheaper loans for clean energy to help meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi's goal of raising renewable energy capacity by more than five times in the next five years to fight climate change.Solar power generation capacity in India has more than tripled in less than three years to over 12 GW, helped by lower module prices and borrowing costs. ($1 = 64.54)
Their luck has run out.
Sixteen individuals accused of running an illegal casino and selling cocaine out of two buildings in Elmhurst were arrested Wednesday night by the NYPD Queens Vice Enforcement Squad, police announced.
On Jan. 25 at approximately 11 p.m., police executed a search warrant at 83-27 Broadway and 83-31 Broadway, within the confines of the 110th Precinct, as part of an ongoing investigation.
The officers found that 16 individuals were operating an illegal gambling operation and selling cocaine out of the third and fourth floors of these buildings.
The 16 individuals were arrested and police seized two jars full of cocaine, 18 gambling devices, drug paraphernalia like scales and $24,210 in cash.
All of the men arrested were from Queens and were slapped with a plethora of charges including criminal possession of a controlled substance to promoting gambling. Five people were arrested at 83-27 Broadway for criminal possesion of a controlled substance including Jimmy Rombano, 51, Albert Gomez, 47, Chingbiao Lin, 49, Winston Pasion, 46, and Johanna Amancio, 40.
At 83-31 Broadway 11 people were arrested including Xiang Kui Lin, 52, Henry Balabat, 48, Antonio Sonny, 52, and Leo Jose, 44, for possession of a controlled substance and in some cases criminal sale of a controlled substance.
Meng Zhang, 27, Zhang Ming, 25, Rong Lin, 33 and Qiang Zun Lin,41, were all charged with promoting gambling, possession of gambling receipts and possession of gambling device.
Three men, including Qing Hua Lin, 37, Patrick Marcelo, 36, and Daniel Suriyanto, 45, were charged with criminal posession of a controlled substance, promoting gambling, possession of gambling receipts and possession of gambling device.
Drew allegedly helped create a fake MySpace account to contact neighbour Megan Meier who thought they were chatting with a 16-year-old boy named Josh Evans. At the time of the incident, the Drews and the Meiers lived four doors apart in Waterford Crystal Drive, in the town of Dardenne Prairie. The Drew's teenage daughter and Megan were friends.
The online relationship between "Josh" and Megan bloomed for several weeks before the tone suddenly changed. On October 15, 2006, Josh sent Megan a message saying, 'I don't want to be friends with you anymore because you're not nice to your friends'. That post triggered a flood of hate posts from other users.
"All of Josh's friends and all of Megan's friends were calling Megan a whore, a fat ass. Calling them all kinds of god awful names," Megan's mother,Tina, told the ABC network in an interview last year. Meier hanged themselves on the evening of October 16, 2006 after receiving cruel messages, including the last message sent from Josh which read: "the world would be a better place without you, and have a s**t rest of your life."
After that, Josh's profile vanished from MySpace. It wasn't until several weeks after Megan's death that the Meiers discovered Drew's involvement in the fake MySpace profile. Drew, who was 48 at the time of the incident, has denied creating the account and sending messages to Megan.
They claimed through their lawyers that they did not instigate the Josh Evans profile, nor did they use the fake profile to communicate with Megan. While they knew about the ruse, the lawyer said, they were apparently unaware that the Josh profile had been used to attack their neighbour's daughter. They claim the profile was the work of their teenage daughter and a teenage employee called Ashley Grills.
Last month, Grills, now 19, went on national TV saying that while they were responsible for setting up the fake Josh profile, Lori Drew and their daughter were also involved in the cruel hoax. Grills also said they wrote the message to Megan about the world being a better place without them The message was supposed to end the online relationship with "Josh" because Grills felt the joke had gone too far. "I was trying to get them angry so they would leave them alone and I could get rid of the whole MySpace," Grills said.
Authorities in Missouri investigated Megan's death but failed to charge Drew after they were unable to find a law that they had broken. The charges being laid by federal prosecutors allege that Drew defrauded MySpace by helping set up a bogus profile,
US Attorney Thomas P. O'Brien said this was the first time the federal statute on accessing protected computers has been used in a social-networking case. It has been used in the past to address hacking. "This was a tragedy that did not have to happen," O'Brien said. Both the girl and MySpace are named as victims in the case, they said.
Drew will be arraigned in St. Louis and then moved to Los Angeles for trial. The indictment says MySpace members agree to abide by terms of service that include, among other things, not promoting information they know to be false or misleading; soliciting personal information from anyone under age 18 and not using information gathered from the Web site to "harass, abuse or harm other people."
Drew and others who were not named conspired to violate the service terms from about September 2006 to mid-October that year, according to the indictment. It alleges they registered as a MySpace member under a phony name and used the account to obtain information on the girl. Drew and their coconspirators "used the information obtained over the MySpace computer system to torment, harass, humiliate, and embarrass the juvenile MySpace member," the indictment charged. After the girl killed herself, Drew and the others deleted the information for the account, the indictment said.
agencies
Advertisement
A London designer has created plans for a futuristic floating hotel that truly allows holidaymakers to get away from it all.
With a spine-like shape, guests of the ‘floatel' would have an ever-changing view from their rooms while it's at sea because the buoyant structure would be constantly moving across the ocean.
Called the MORPHotel, the luxurious floating paradise would be composed of capsules that house guest rooms, restaurants and the usual amenities that people can find on land.
Scroll down for video
With a spine-like shape, guests of MORPHotel have an ever-changing view from their rooms at sea because it is constantly moving
Designed by 32-year-old Gianluca Santosuosso, from London, the plans include space for a swimming pool, restaurants and a garden
The luxurious floating paradise would be composed of capsules that house a spacious lobby, guest rooms and other amenities
The floating hotel would have rooftop windows to allow for plenty of natural light, and a helipad so guests can fly in for their stay
Each end of the half-mile spine has a boat that can detach from the structure and take guests for a ride in the surrounding waters.
Designed by 32-year-old Gianluca Santosuosso, the hotel would be an alternative to cruise ships and take guests to new and unknown places.
One of the primary features of the vessel is that it can become an extension of the cities it harbours in, allowing locals to access the theatres, restaurants and garden on board.
Visitors would be able to enter the hotel through a 'barycentric dock' which would connect to the harbour city.
Each end of the half-mile spine has a boat that can detach from the structure and take guests for a ride in the surrounding waters
Designer Gianluca Santosuosso said the hotel would be an alternative to cruise ships and take guests to new and unknown places
At night, the buoyant structure would look more like a spaceship while it is lit up against the moon and the night sky
The MORPHotel – featuring solar panels, rainwater and wave energy harvesting, and floating vegetable garden – would also be completely self-sufficient.
A helipad would allow guests to fly in.
Santosuosso said: 'When I started to think about the project I first wondered to myself what the most luxurious thing we have is? The answer was time.
'From this came the idea, and then concept, of this never ending travel across the world without a precise destination, without hurry.'
The MORPHotel – featuring solar panels, and rainwater and wave energy harvesting – would also be completely self-sufficient
The vessel can become an extension of the cities it harbours in, allowing locals to access the theatres and restaurants on board
Gianluca Santosuosso said their idea is based on 'never ending travel across the world without a precise destination, without hurry'
They added: 'I believe the idea of the journey itself, without a precise destination, is a dream shared among most people.
'This is the reason way this project, the idea behind it, raised the interest of many people, especially in the hospitality industry.
I'm an avid reader, picking up a book almost weekly. I may read 40 books a year, if not more. I love discovering new information or reading an author's unique perspective. I not only want to learn something new, I also want the author's words to make me think differently.
One of my most enjoyable columns to write is when I share my favorite books I've read throughout the year – and I'll do that in December, just in time for the holidays. That said, today I want to share another list of books. The list focuses on customer service and CX, but these aren't my recommendations. These recommendations are from prominent business leaders, some of whom you will recognize.
By the way, the idea from this article came after I received an email from Lior Grossman, the founder of BookAuthority. I'd never heard of BookAuthority, but upon learning about it, I thought that readers of Forbes are likely to read other business books as well – and would also like to know what some of the most successful business leaders are reading.
The site was started by gathering book recommendations from 150 of the most successful people in the world, including Jeff Bezos, Bill Gates, Warren Buffet, Elon Musk, Jim Collins and other business luminaries. Grossman explained that about half of the recommendations from top business minds such as Jeff Bezos, Bill Gates and other high-profile leaders were obtained through extensive online research of social media channels like Twitter, blogs, podcasts and other public resources. The rest came from leaders that BookAuthority approached directly.
With that in mind, I looked through the list of business leaders (quite impressive) and the books that they recommended. So, if customer experience is important to you, and I know it is, then you may find the following recommendations worthy of your time:
1. Recommendation by Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon: The Innovator's Dilemma by Clayton M. Christensen – This is modern classic, and according to the editors at Amazon, one of the most influential business books ever written. While the focus is on innovation, and the author suggests abandoning traditional business practices, one traditional practice that stays in play is customer service. Yet, customer service and experience alone won't keep you bulletproof from disrupters inside and outside of your industry. (source)
2. Recommendation by Ev Williams, Co-Founder of Twitter and Medium: Delivering Happiness by Tony Hsieh – This happens to be one of my favorite books as well. I love what Tony Hsieh did at Zappos. They created a culture that resonated with both the customers and employees. They made their company culture a priority, and their brilliance led to extraordinary results for their company. (source)
3. Recommendation by Richard Branson, Founder and CEO of Virgin Group: In-N-Out Burger: A Behind-the-Counter Look at the Fast-Food Chain That Breaks All the Rules by Stacy Perman – In-N-Out Burger is an awesome company. It is a rock star in the quick-serve/fast-food industry. I read this book several years ago to learn how the company competes and wins in one of the most competitive industries in the world. The author shares the secrets to its success, which focuses on the culture and simple business model. (source)
4. Recommended by Danielle Morrill, Co-Founder and CEO of Mattermark: The Challenger Sale by Matthew Dixon and Brent Adamson – The interesting thesis behind this book is that salespeople should not only build relationships with customers, but also challenge the customers' beliefs with new insights and knowledge. (source)
5. Recommended by Noah Kagan, Founder of AppSumo and leading marketing blogger: Permission Marketing by Seth Godin – I'm a huge Seth Godin fan. Anything Seth puts out I read. While this may seem like a marketing book (because it is), customer service and experience is marketing. The concept of permission marketing is to create enough trust with your customers for them to want you to market to them. That comes from the customer's experience before, during and after the sale. (source)
According to BookAuthority, “Bill Gates reads about 50 books a year, Mark Cuban reads three hours every day, Mark Zuckerberg resolved to read 24 books in a year and Warren Buffet spends 80 percent of their day reading!” For these ultra-successful billionaires, reading is a habit. Will reading books make you a billionaire? Probably not, but it will make you richer in another way. You'll expand your mind and discover new ideas and insights. And the knowledge you gain, put into practice, can contribute to your future success.
In Northwest Portland , two neighborhoods lie within the same confines of Old Town-Chinatown One is an up-and-coming area in which the city has invested to make safer, a place the Portland Development Commission boasts about and plugs as a good place for new businesses to make their home and flourish.The other is described by Old Town residents and business owners as a much darkerplace. A place, say the owners of Hamburger Mary's restaurant, where drug deals happen in the middle of the day and crack-cocaine smoking takes place on the street outside the restaurant's windows.It's where they reopened the iconic restaurant 10 months ago after a decade-long hiatus— and where they might have to leave if the situation doesn't improve."If we can't get help, then we're not going to be able to stay here," said Frank Saenz, Hamburger Mary's assistant general manager. "You can't get customer loyalty with a crack dealer standing outside."Crime is nothing new for Old Town, the Northwest Portland neighborhood of businesses, low-cost housing and numerous social service organizations between the Pearl District and the Willamette River. Nearly four months ago, the city pledged to step up police patrols and hire a new assistant district attorney.But several Old Town business owners say police, the city and 9-1-1 dispatchers have not done enough to keep the neighborhood safe. And crime in the area is taking its toll, pushing a record store to move out.When they began scouting locations for their restaurant, Hamburger Mary's owners Ian Cooke and Emily Quick knew something about the reputation of Old Town, but Cooke said the development commission told them that the neighborhood would improve.During the past five years, the commission has injected $20.5 million worth of development projects and grants into the downtown waterfront Urban Renewal Area , most of which includes Old Town-Chinatown.Peter Englander, the commission's development manager for the area, said they believe the neighborhood is getting safer."I think we've gotten past the point that the Old Town-Chinatown neighborhood isfloundering," Englander said.He says the neighborhood is not a hard sell to business owners."I think the Old Town-Chinatown neighborhood is selling itself," Englander said. "I think people see this as a particularly unique part of the central city. It's very different from the downtown employment and retail core."But Cooke said they felt the neighborhood's issues were downplayed by the commission and that other city agencies aren't providing the support to keep businesses there. Saenz estimated that Hamburger Mary's staff members have called 9-1-1 twice a weeksince the restaurant reopened, but Cooke said dispatchers tell them to call a nonemergency number, which often results in slow or no police response."We're being shuffled around by those services," Cooke said. "Nonemergency will tell us that no one is coming out because there are other issues at hand. If you're going to bring businesses in, how are you going to protect those businesses?"Recently, a woman wielding a knife threatened a Hamburger Mary's employee. No one was injured, but Cooke worries about their employees' safety and even reduced weekend hours of operation.Central Precinct Capt. Sara Westbrook said they spoke to Hamburger Mary's staffers recently and said they believe they don't understand how the emergency response system works."Hamburger Mary's is frustrated, I get it," they said. "But if the suspect is not there right now, then that's going to be downgraded to a lower level of response; it doesn't mean we're not going to come."Cooke said he's seen more foot patrols near the business since the conversation with Westbrook, but they worry it's temporary.Mike Boyer, crime prevention specialist with the Office of Neighborhood Involvement , said city and county officials recently met with six area businesses. City officials said they would look into the 9-1-1 calls that Hamburger Mary's has made to ensure proper action was taken by dispatchers."There are obvious issues with the (9-1-1) system,” Boyer said. But they added that he's pursuing other ideas that could cut down on crime, including updating a trespass agreement for Hamburger Mary's that would allow police to arrest people for being on the restaurant's property without permission.He would also ask the Salvation Army Female Emergency Shelter next door to Hamburger Mary's to place staffers outside the shelter to police residents.But Salvation Army Maj. Don Gilger said that won't happen."Once they step on the street, they're not under my control," Gilger said. "To say that it's a dangerous area is a correct statement. It's not any more dangerous because we're there."Westbrook estimated that Old Town has "more resources per square foot than I suspect any other area of the city has."She said the Central Precinct has several patrols that no other precinct has, including a mounted patrol, street crimes unit and a walking patrol that works overtime hours.But the police presence hasn't been able to deter crime enough for Jon Klote to stay in the neighborhood. They recently relocated their record store, Anthem Records , from Old Town to Northeast Flanders Street and 28th Avenue."People who come to Old Town are usually lost while looking for Voodoo Doughnuts . What's here are scary things for people like that," Klote said. "It's not worthwhile to do business here."During the two years they operated in Old Town, Klote said, they regularly slapped crack out of people's hands and cleaned up urine and feces in the doorway."A lot of people, I think they want to see things work in Old Town," Klote said. "It's justthat it's very volatile because there is no oversight" for the people staying at the shelters.Cooke and others don't blame the shelters for the neighborhood's issues, but they say the organizations and city have an obligation to make sure the neighborhood is safe."We need support," Cooke said. "We're not here to ruffle feathers, we're here to make achange. The only way change happens is with support, and we've done everything wecan; we're running on empty."We cannot accept this. We cannot accept the neighborhood the way it is."-- Molly Hottle ; Twitter: @nwpdxreporter
Play 02:24 Play 02:24 Chappell: An ideal inspiration for youngsters
Kumar Sangakkara has said they will retire from Test cricket "by the end of August". Sangakkara, 37, who will play their final ODI at the ongoing World Cup, is likely to end their Test career with the three-match series that is scheduled against India in August.
"There are Test matches in June and July, and I will be done by the end of August. A series or two in June and in August, and that's it," Sangakkara told ESPNcricinfo.
After two low scores at the World Cup, Sangakkara has been in top form, hitting consecutive unbeaten tons leading into the Australia match. They said it was important for both them and the team to build momentum as the tournament progresses. "I don't know whether I am top of my game, I just bat according to situations. During the [preceding] New Zealand tour, it was the same thing, I didn't have a good start in the first ODI but from the second onwards it was just a case of building on runs.
"[For the team] it has gone pretty well up to now. Again a slow start, a bit shaky against Afghanistan, but pretty good in the last two games. It's just a case of trying to ensure that we put up a good performance every time we go out and keep on improving."
The World Cup will also be Mahela Jayawardene's last international assignment, and the pair's departure will leave a big hole in Sri Lanka's batting. The players earmarked to step into their shoes are Lahiru Thirimanne, a left-hander like Sangakkara, and Dinesh Chandimal. Sangakkara had good things to say about both players.
"He batted beautifully and fought through some tough situations. He's done a lot of hard work for the team and seems to be very impressive," Sangakkara said of Thirimanne, who scored a career-best 139 not out against England and put on a double-century stand with Sangakkara. "Thiri is much better than where I was when I was their age, I think they can only get better and that's really exciting for us." In ODIs, at 25, Sangakkara had scored 1475 runs (avg. 25.87) in 70 matches and made eight fifties in comparison to Thirimanne's present ODI record: 2127 runs (avg. 34.30) from 91 matches with four centuries and 12 fifties.
Speaking about Chandimal, who has faced a bit of a trough of late, Sangakkara said: "Unfortunately he's not had some good outings here. They batted really well in the last two games against England in Sri Lanka, came here and unfortunately was not in the side for the first three-four New Zealand games. Since then it's been a tough comeback for him.
"He's batting well, they are a great player, really positive. He's got everything to make them a really good player for Sri Lanka. I hope they keep getting the opportunity and when they do, keeps doing what's required of him.
"Technique or anything else, it's about scoring runs. Chandi has shown they have the ability to score runs especially against good attacks. Coming in the second Test at Wellington and batting at 85 for 5 and getting 70-odd was another tough knock under pressure. They have the ability to do that, they just needs to be free and happy and keep getting opportunities."
What sort of advice can a player of Sangakkara's experience and stature pass on to younger players like Thirimanne and Chandimal? "It's a bit archaic to think that senior players only have so much to give," Sangakkara said. "You play your best cricket for your country and do the best for your side and sometimes young players don't need as much help as people think they do. They need a little bit of freedom, a bit of love, a bit of care, and they'll perform very well.
"Whatever they need to learn most of them will ask and learn, or watch and learn, they'll have a chat with you. But whatever you have to offer might not be of benefit to a younger player, maybe they need something else, maybe they are good enough and their perspectives are better than yours. Learning is a two-way street, you learn from them as well as young players learning from you.
"The best thing as a senior cricketer you can do is to hold your place in the side and pull your own weight and score runs if you're a batsman, and if you are a bowler do the job that's required of you. That's the best way you can help the team or any youngster. As long as you are there and you are doing something useful, they'll benefit."
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
By Heather Callaghan
🔊 Listen to Article
Such a walk conjures images of Forrest Gump, and, like their character, it wasn't for physical health reasons that German man Christoph Rehage decided to take that long walk all across China. Something inside of them drove them to it. They walked for nearly a year. It changed their lives forever.
They say “I like walking because it makes you own your way…I visit a place by train, and I am a tourist, I walk to the same place on foot, and the place is suddenly mine, we belong together, I don't feel like an alien anymore.”
When you see the video, do you notice a difference in their countenance? Their demeanor? What do you think of what they did – would you ever do the same?
See if their inner burning was ever requited…
The transformation is shocking. The only other thing I can say is – you're going to love this!
You can read more about them on their Frequently Asked Questions page, where they answered:
Along with your hair and beard growing, I guess your heart and your soul have also grown. How? And according to some interviews, the walk taught you how to prioritize. How did that happen?
It is important to know what one wants. If you know what you want most of all, then you can fight for it – but what if you don't know? At the beginning of the walk, I felt that walking was my number one priority. At the end of the walk, I realized that my priorities had shifted, or maybe they hadn't been what they appeared to be in the first place? Anyways, I knew I had to make some changes. And I was grateful for it.
Get the Music:
L'Aventurier by the Kingpins
Olive Tree by Zhu Fengbo
Like them on Facebook or their official Facebook page The Longest Way
Their website: The Longest Way
They have books out, but they are only currently available in German – so we will have to keep our eyes out for an English version in the future.
Image: The Mind Unleashed
Heather Callaghan is a natural health blogger and food freedom activist. You can see their work at NaturalBlaze.com and ActivistPost.com. Like at Facebook.
Underpants bandit a guest Apr 27th, 2012 516 Never a guest516Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 1.68 KB ADDITIONAL INCIDENT REPORT On 4/26/12 at about 11:40 p.m. two females were walking on Hathway near Longview, adjacent to the Cal Poly Campus. As the females were walking an unknown suspect came up behind them and simultaneously lifted their hands up their skirts and tried to pull down their underpants. The suspect was unsuccessful and ran away. The suspect was described as a male with an olive skin complexion, approximately 6' tall, wearing a dark gray zip-up hoodie and jeans with a dark brown or black hair buzz cut. At this time, the suspect has not been apprehended. The University Police Department recommends that community members exercise caution when traveling at night. Be aware of your surroundings and travel with companions as often as possible. If anyone has any information regarding these incidents please contact University Police or San Luis Obispo Police Departments. Text any anonymous tips or information to calpoly@tipnow.org For emergencies, dial 9-1-1 **************************** Original message sent 4/6/12: Recently, during the late evening or early morning hours, University Police and San Luis Obispo Police Departments have investigated three separate cases where a male suspect has approached females from behind and has attempted to remove their underpants. In one case, the suspect actually removed the victim's underpants. SUSPECT DESCRIPTION: GENDER: MALE AGE: 18-22 DESCENT: ASIAN OR HISPANIC HEIGHT: 5'-6" TO 5'-9" BUILD: MEDIUM BUILD/ATHLETIC BUILD HAIR: SHORT HAIR, SPIKED ON TOP CLOTHING: BLACK "PUFFY" JACKET, DARK COLORED LONG SLEEVE SHIRT AND POSSIBLY TAN PANTS OR BLUE JEANS *****************************
RAW Paste Data
ADDITIONAL INCIDENT REPORT On 4/26/12 at about 11:40 p.m. two females were walking on Hathway near Longview, adjacent to the Cal Poly Campus. As the females were walking an unknown suspect came up behind them and simultaneously lifted their hands up their skirts and tried to pull down their underpants. The suspect was unsuccessful and ran away. The suspect was described as a male with an olive skin complexion, approximately 6' tall, wearing a dark gray zip-up hoodie and jeans with a dark brown or black hair buzz cut. At this time, the suspect has not been apprehended. The University Police Department recommends that community members exercise caution when traveling at night. Be aware of your surroundings and travel with companions as often as possible. If anyone has any information regarding these incidents please contact University Police or San Luis Obispo Police Departments. Text any anonymous tips or information to calpoly@tipnow.org For emergencies, dial 9-1-1 **************************** Original message sent 4/6/12: Recently, during the late evening or early morning hours, University Police and San Luis Obispo Police Departments have investigated three separate cases where a male suspect has approached females from behind and has attempted to remove their underpants. In one case, the suspect actually removed the victim's underpants. SUSPECT DESCRIPTION: GENDER: MALE AGE: 18-22 DESCENT: ASIAN OR HISPANIC HEIGHT: 5'-6" TO 5'-9" BUILD: MEDIUM BUILD/ATHLETIC BUILD HAIR: SHORT HAIR, SPIKED ON TOP CLOTHING: BLACK "PUFFY" JACKET, DARK COLORED LONG SLEEVE SHIRT AND POSSIBLY TAN PANTS OR BLUE JEANS *****************************
No matter how slick Linux on the desktop gets, there will probably always be a gulf between new users and veterans for whom the Linux environment has become second nature. Root accounts, the filesystem hierarchy, the dizzying array of distributions — they seem strange at first, but eventually new users learn that are nothing to be feared. So too with the "programmer's editors" Emacs and Vi/Vim: the first encounter can be intimidating because of the unfamiliarity of either editor. As an Emacs user, I'm interested in providing some advocacy, so if you've been wondering just what the point of an editor like Emacs is, or if you're not sure how to get started, read on for a gentle introduction.
Why Emacs?
Naturally, you can choose any of several dozen applications to edit your files with, from lightweight utilities like Nano to full GUI systems with plug-ins. So why do people like Emacs? Two reasons.
First, at the core of Emacs' appeal is the fact that it is easily customized. Technically speaking, Emacs itself is an interpreter for the Lisp programming language, and it simply starts up running a text-editing environment. But you can change everything about it, adding and removing functions, modifying features, and tying in to other programs. Although most people do not study Lisp, it is very easy to learn, and there are plenty of simple modifications you can make to bend Emacs to your will in mere minutes. That's not true of most editors.
That said, you don't have to change anything about it in order to get started. Which leads to reason number two: the developer community around Emacs is huge, and as a result there is a vast ecosystem of tweaks and extensions that you can find and install without any effort. Sure, you could write your own re-programmable editor from scratch, but building up a vibrant community of users and contributors would take forever.
In short, you might think of Emacs as the Firefox of editors. There are other options, and lots of them are good. Some might even offer more speed or a smaller memory footprint. But the advantage Emacs offers is its customizability; with add-ons you can tailor the program to fit exactly how you want to work.
The Basics
A good chunk of Emacs' intimidation factor stems from the conventional wisdom that the interface is totally unlike other Linux applications, so you have to learn a lot just to get started. It is true that Emacs has been around longer than all GUI desktop environments, and as a result has a legacy keybindings (and names for things) which differ from the standards we've picked up from the Windows and Mac worlds.
But you don't need to care about them, because on today's desktop systems, you can run Emacs as a full-blown GTK+ GUI editor, complete with toolbar, menu bars, scroll-wheel support, and all of the other conveniences. Thus, my recommendation on all the Emacs cheat-sheets and references is simple: don't bother. If you just want to get started, fire up Emacs and use the menus — you can look into keybindings later.
If that worries you ... okay, just memorize this one command, and you'll have no trouble: Ctrl-] . That's holding down the Control key and hitting the right-bracket key. What this command does is stop whatever command sequence or function you're currently in, and return you to plain-ole editing. No matter what trouble you think you've gotten into (such as a mistyped keystroke that starts something unfamiliar), Ctrl-] will end it and set you back down on your feet, pronto.
Emacs is a standard application these days, so you can install it from your distribution's package manager. You may even find several versions available, because people like to fork it and maintain specialized builds. If in doubt, choose the vanilla Emacs package. The most recent release is 23.3, from May 2011.
When you fire up Emacs for the first time, you will see some startup messages flash across the new window, but in a moment it will settle down and be ready to use. Across the top are the menus and toolbar, down the side is the scrollbar, and at the bottom are two special lines akin to a "status area." The next-to-bottom line is mostly dashes, and is there to separate the editing portion of the screen from the line below. But this line will also tell you the line number the cursor is on, the name of the currently-open file, and highlight a pair of asterisks if the file has been modified. The very bottom line is called the "minibuffer" in Emacs-speak. It shows messages and alerts, and whenever you type a control key-sequence, the keys you press appear here so you can see that you typed correctly.
By default, whenever you launch Emacs it opens a temporary file called "scratch" in the main portion of the window. Emacs refers to the files it has open as "buffers" (which reflects the fact that they don't get written to file on disk until you say so). The scratch buffer has a short paragraph at the top explaining that nothing you type in scratch gets saved. That paragraph starts with semicolons, because semicolons are the comment-delimiter in Lisp. See, you can actually type Lisp code into scratch and have it executed. But you don't have to.
At this point, you can open a file from the file menu, edit it, cut and paste, and save it all from the menus. As you do so, you'll pick up on some Emacs-isms. For example, Emacs rarely if ever uses pop-up dialogs. If it needs to ask you something (such as what word you want to search for in a text search), it does so in the minibuffer — or, worst-case-scenario, it will expand the minibuffer up a few lines, for instance to let you choose a file from a directory listing. This is because Emacs predates modern Unix windowing systems, and to this day its authors make sure it still functions correctly in a windowless environment.
You can also see Emacs' keybindings next to their respective commands in the menus. This is a good way to get used to the keybindings. Another Emacs-ism is the fact that way more commands have keybindings, because Emacs lets you bind two-letter commands. For example, Ctrl-X Ctrl-F opens a new file. That seems unusual at first, until you notice that all of the file-management keybindings reside in the same "block": Ctrl-X Ctrl-S saves a file. Besides , the other important key is Meta. It's an anachronistic name — on almost all keyboards you use Alt for this key, but there are still some exceptions, so the name sticks. Ctrl and Meta are displayed in the minibuffer and menus as C- and M- respectively.
Modes
Now let's talk about that (Lisp Interaction) label at the bottom of the screen in the scratch buffer. It tells you that you are working in Lisp mode. If you open or create a plain text file, the mode will change to (Text).
Emacs modes are a big part of why programmers like the editor. There are modes for every conceivable programming language, and they assist you with writing code in several ways. They can highlight syntax, auto-indent, complete commands, match parentheses, and allow you to jump through large portions of your code at once (such as jumping directly to a function definition, if you have run across a function call and need to refresh your memory).
In addition to programming languages, there are modes to simplify work with particular file formats (such as TeX) and utilities (such nroff), and "minor modes" that change smaller aspects of their parent mode. An example of this would be Text-Based Table mode, which lets you navigate around a WYSIWYG-style table in plain text, far faster than manually lining up your columns and rows.
There are also Emacs editing modes that have nothing to do with programming, such as Picture mode for "ASCII art" and outline mode, which lets you collapse and expand nested outlines. In both of these cases, the special mode simply changes the way the cursor moves around the document, rather than changing the contents of the file in unusual ways. But these add-ons are not just cosmetic; you can also do serious work with them, such as encrypt and decrypt files, or compile and build code.
Even further out into left field are pure applications that are written as Emacs modes. There are modes for reading email, checking social networks, browsing the web, and playing games. In reality, these are Lisp programs, but by tying in to the Emacs framework, you can switch over to one of them and use less resources than you would firing up a separate program.
Your first power tricks, your first customizations
Modes are well and good, but you didn't come here to edit source code. To whet your appetite, let's look at a few of Emacs's interesting tricks.
Emacs has several powerful search-and-replace options, including full support for regular expressions. But perhaps the most intriguing to new users in incremental search. This search command lets you start typing your search term, and jumps immediately to the next match with every additional character you type. If you make it your default search method, you type fewer characters over all.
The recursive edit command, which you trigger with Ctrl-r lets you pause whatever action you are currently doing and resume editing (or reading) a file, or even executing another command. You can resume the suspended action with Ctrl-Meta-c . This can be especially helpful when you are in the middle of a long process, such as spell-checking a document.
When it comes to customizing the editor, a good place to start is with a ColorTheme. I use a dark GTK+ theme on my desktop, and don't care for the high-contrast black-on-white text in Emacs' default look. So I use a custom color scheme instead. The ColorTheme package is an add-on written in Lisp, which you can install through your package manager.
To activate it, you will need to follow the instructions on the ColorTheme project page, which tell you how to save the right commands into your personal customizations file, which is stored at ~/.emacs. This file contains any Lisp commands you want Emacs to execute whenever you start it up, and it can load settings, launch add-ons, or even define new functions that you write yourself.
Once you get comfortable editing .emacs, the odds are you will periodically find a new command you want to save for everyday use. For example, I have (fset 'yes-or-no-p 'y-or-n-p) in my .emacs file, a setting that turns off Emacs' demand that you type out the full words "yes" or "no" when it asks you a yes/no question. I don't save a lot of time by typing "y" and "n" instead, but i save a lot of aggravation.
More fun is defining new functions altogether. Here a good place to start is the Emacs Wiki, with a useful feature like word count. You will get a feel for Lisp programming, and add a helpful new feature at the same time.
The Emacs Wiki is a good place to start looking whenever the "I wonder if there's a way to ... " questions start popping up. It is filled to the brim with tips and code snippets you can use immediately, and links to far more that are maintained elsewhere. Plus, it is actively maintained, so there is no real danger of finding content out-of-date enough to do any harm. Browse around, and you will get an idea of what other people are doing with Emacs, as well as why they like it. You might even come up with some ideas of your own.
Image copyright AP Image caption Security is tight outside the French consulate in Geneva
A raised security alert in the Swiss city of Geneva was triggered by a warning that a cell of so-called Islamic State (IS) was in the area, the country's president says.
Simonetta Sommaruga said a "foreign authority" provided the information, but did not disclose which one.
They said there was no indication that an attack was planned.
Geneva police have said the raised alert is linked to the Europe-wide investigation into the Paris attacks.
However, Switzerland's federal police said they were not connecting the current operation in Geneva to the attacks.
A report by the Tribune de Geneve newspaper on Friday said (in French) that police had arrested two men of Syrian origin and that traces of explosives were found in their car, but there was no official confirmation of the report.
"The Swiss government received information from a foreign authority regarding a potential IS cell in the Geneva area," Ms Sommaruga told a news conference.
"Federal authorities examined this information and shared it with the local police. There is currently no indication that there was a concrete attack planned."
Image copyright AP Image caption Checks have been increased on the French-Swiss border near Geneva
Reports in Swiss media said the intelligence had originally come from the United States.
Daily newspaper Le Temps, quoting a source close to the investigation, said US intelligence had identified three jihadist cells in Chicago, Toronto and Geneva.
Pictures of four individuals had been circulated to police, the source said, adding: "We do not know their names, we do not know where they came from. They apparently are using noms de guerre."
On Thursday, security was stepped up outside synagogues, the UN building and the French ambassador's home, as well as train stations, the airport and similar places.
The number of police on the city's streets has been increased.
UN spokesperson Michele Zaccheo said there was "no specific threat to the UN in Geneva or its personnel".
The border with France runs through the outskirts of Geneva.
IS said it carried out the attacks in Paris on 13 November which killed 130 people.
Two men linked to the attacks - Salah Abdeslam and Mohammed Abrini - are still on the run and investigations have been launched in several European countries.
On 16 June, it was reported that the courageous prelate from Spain, Cardinal Archbishop of Valencia, Antonio Cañizares Llovera, was being investigated by the government of the Spanish Province of Valencia for their purportedly abusive remarks about the increasingly disintegrating pressure on the traditional family exercised by applied gender theory and the so-called “gay empire.”
The report said:
The government of the Spanish province of Valencia has opened an investigation against the Cardinal Archbishop of Valencia, Antonio Cañizares Llovera, following numerous complaints over a sermon in which they denounced the influence of the “gay empire” on society. If prosecuted and convicted, Cañizares could receive up to four years in prison for “inciting hatred” against homosexuals, under [current] Spanish law. [emphasis added]
The unexpected good news of 23 June, however, was that the investigation of Cardinal Cañizares has been suspended. The magistrate responsible has said that there are no grounds for it, nor for any acceptance of alleged criminal charges against the Catholic prelate. As the Catholic website Crux reports:
A judge in Spain ruled on Thursday [23 June] that a cardinal denouncing an attack against the Christian family by a “gay empire” was not, simply by virtue of using that language, committing a hate speech crime but exercising their right to freedom of expression. The criminal proceedings against Cardinal Antonio Cañizares of Valencia were dismissed without further investigation because the magistrate saw no “criminal intent” nor an appeal to “hatred and violence” in the homily delivered by the prelate on May 13.
For the moment, at least, there is no evidence that there will be a legal appeal made by those many groups – such as the Valencian LGBT association Lambda together with 55 other organizations – who had originally brought charges against Cañizares. There is also no evidence that the Vatican had come to the aid of the cardinal, at least not by public diplomatic channels nor by public moral persuasion. However, even if there were to be further litigious steps taken against him, Cañizares has already made clear that would not relent; not in their principles and not in their conduct.
Before the 23 June decision, Cardinal Cañizares was facing the possibility of several years in prison. Nevertheless, they declared that they would not back down. On the contrary, as the Austrian Catholic website kath.net reported on 20 June, the Spanish cardinal said last Friday: “They will not force me to be silent.” They added: “If I were to be silent, I would be a bad bishop.” They will continue, Cañizares added, to speak the truth, “even if some do not tolerate it and even if they crucify me.” The cardinal also said that “We need the family, and this [gender] ideology destroys it. That is why we are not to be silent, but we have to respond.” [All emphasis added]
As kath.net reported, Cañizares responded to the accusations against them by asking, “Is it homophobia to defend the family?” Implicit in this question is the cardinal's resolve; the very phrasing conveys that they are not willing to retract their former statements on this matter.
On the same day (23 June) of theirs being freed from any charges by the Spanish magistrate, another incident showed how Cardinal Cañizares intends to continue their battle. As kath.net reports today, an extreme left-wing group called “Endavant” published a poster displaying artistic renditions of two well-known Spanish Madonnas (the Virgin of Montserrat and Our Lady of the Abandoned) engaged in a lewd kiss. This poster, which bears the heading “Against the sacred rules,” is meant to invite people to join several LGBT demonstrations throughout Spain, the first of which was held on 18 June in Valencia. Cañizares responded to this blasphemous act with an invitation to a Holy Mass of Reparation on 23 June and with a call to pray the Rosary. The organization Endavant explicitly said that this poster was meant to be a response to the 13 May homily of the cardinal which had been the cause for such angry reactions on the side of the progressive forces in Spain. “We believe,” said Endavant in a 13 June statement on their website, that the focus of the day should be “to denounce the role of the ecclesiastical hierarchy as propagating hatred against homosexuals.”
Cañizares themselves said that the poster violates the feelings of the Catholics of Valencia as well as of all people of good will. According to kath.net, the Spanish Bishops' Conference has welcomed the Holy Mass of Reparation as proposed by Cardinal Cañizares and has called the poster itself “blasphemous.”
This is not the first time that Cardinal Cañizares has demonstrated their courage. As kath.net reported in October of 2015, Cañizares had made controversial statements concerning the immigration crisis that is inundating Spain; they then spoke of “an invasion of the immigrants” which might turn out to be a “Trojan Horse.” These remarks provoked harsh criticism of the cardinal from some quarters, and even some calls for their resignation.
It might also be of interest to know that, since 2007, Cardinal Cañizares has wholeheartedly supported Pope Benedict's Apostolic Letter Summorum Pontificum, which liberated the Traditional Mass. In fact, the cardinal themselves has publicly offered the Sacrifice of the Altar in the ancient Roman rite, and they have also spoken publicly against the irreverence of receiving Holy Communion in the hand.
For all of us Catholic laypeople, it is truly encouraging to see at least one of the princes of the Church publicly demonstrating sustained moral strength and principled resistance. It is of even greater consequence that they have chosen to do so in the face of an often equivocal and thus ever-weakening Catholic leadership, along with the concurrent rise of psycho-political pressure coming from ostensibly progressive forces – both from within and from without the Church – to abandon the traditional Catholic moral teaching on marriage and the family.
Saying they fear President Trump with their finger on the nuclear trigger, two congressional Democrats introduced legislation Tuesday that would prevent the White House from launching a nuclear first strike without a declaration of war from Capitol Hill.
Sen. Edward J. Markey and Rep. Ted W. Lieu said their bill was designed to put a check on Mr. Trump, who during the presidential campaign had sent mixed signals on their thoughts about nuclear proliferation and the possibility of a U.S. first strike.
“It is a frightening reality,” Mr. Lieu, California Democrat, said of Mr. Trump, saying the new president showed a lack of understanding of U.S. capabilities.
U.S. law and American military policy does give the president the power to initiate a nuclear strike. Mr. Trump during the campaign said they would not strike first — but immediately added they would also be prepared and “can't take anything off the table.”
The two Democrats first introduced their bill during the campaign season last year, but it didn't advance. It's also unlikely their new bill would clear a GOP-controlled Congress this year.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Jamie Dixon and their Pitt Panthers lost a top-50 recruit this past Friday when prospect Maverick Rowan decided to re-open their recruitment.
This is a very tough loss for Pitt, as Rowan was a 6-foot-7 guard who shot 52 percent from the field and 46 percent from the 3-point line playing with the Ohio Basketball Club. They also led WPIAL Lincoln Park to a Class A state title in Pennsylvania.
Maverick decided to leave even though they were more than halfway to the WPIAL career scoring record of 2,838 points. Rowan was a scoring threat, which is something I believe Pitt needs in order to finally get over the hump and make it to a Final Four. They averaged 26.3 points per game with Lincoln Park.
It appeared that Jamie Dixon had landed a local star in the making, but some doubt occurred this past August, as Maverick, the No. 46 overall prospect in the Class of 2016, left the area. Rowan and their family decided to move from Midland, Pa., to Ft. Lauderdale, Fla., where it was stated that they wanted to play tougher competition at 5A Cardinal Gibbons. Maverick's father, Ron Rowan, will be an assistant coach at the school.
One month later, we find the news that Rowan has re-opened their recruiting and also is considering playing in Europe upon graduation. For the Class of 2016, Pitt still has a commitment from the No. 25 overall prospect in Mustapha Heron, who is a 6-foot-4 guard whom many said could play at the college level as a high school sophomore last season.
Heron has stated that they intend to stay committed to the Panthers, even though assistant coach Barry Rohrssen recruited them and left to take a position with the Kentucky Wildcats.
There is still a chance that Rowan could re-commit to Pitt, but stayed tuned to City of Champions for further updates.
Istockphoto
Speed up the process to that summer tan and bikini body by jumping into the pool. Yes, the treadmill is fun, and so are those dumbbells, but they only offer a portion of what a swim workout does. From toning your core to speeding up your metabolism, there are several reasons why you should consider swimming your new go-to. Grab a suit and find out the 10 reasons why you should start swimming!
It's a total-body workout. Swimming tackles everything from sculpting your back to toning your arms—all without having to pick up a weight. Rather than needing a plan to work specific muscles, all four strokes work to strengthen your entire body.
It's joint-friendly. If you're recovering from an injury and are eager to build strength, then look into starting a swimming routine to stay fit. If running is your passion, then swimming is a great way to work out on recovery days, allowing knees a rest from the pavement.
It's muscle-lengthening. If you're worried about bulking up (which you shouldn't be), then consider swimming. Swimming combines resistance training with cardio, building lean muscle and boosting your metabolism. It also puts your body through a range of movements, helping your muscles stay long and flexible.
Read more at POPSUGAR:
It's helpful with exercise-induced asthma. Many swimmers first jump into the pool to relieve exercise-induced asthma. This is because swimming allows you to work out in moist air, reducing asthma symptoms. Because swimming requires some breath control, it also improves your overall lung and breathing capacity.
[break] Keep reading for more reasons to jump into the pool![/break]
It doesn't require fancy equipment. That's right; you don't need to spend hundreds of dollars to swim. All you need is a swimsuit, cap, and goggles. Even if you do decide to add more equipment (e.g. a kickboard), they are rather inexpensive, and chances are your local pool has a few handy.
It's a great way to burn calories. Those myths about swimmers and calorie intake aren't false. That's because one hour of moderate swimming can burn around 500 calories. This revs up your metabolism, continuing the burn well after you've stepped off the deck.
There are several variations. The workouts are endless when it comes to the pool. Beyond all four strokes, you can kick, pull, or even use the wall for push-ups! Grab a friend and try this interval workout.
It's optimal for cross-training. Avoid elliptical burnout and a gym-class rut by trading gym workouts for the pool. A swim workout will actually improve overall performance at the gym (and vice versa!) When you're training for a marathon or any other competition, jumping in the pool can offer you an extra edge over your competitors.
It maximizes your cardio. Swimming is the ultimate aerobic activity. There is more breath control compared to running, thus an increased demand for oxygen, causing your muscles to work harder. Because of this, you can get more bang for you buck in a short amount of time.
It's refreshing. Jumping into a pool is refreshing! You don't need to be a professional swimmer to reap the benefits. Have fun with it, and enjoy being in the water. If anything, you'll walk away with a nice tan and an endorphin kick!
This article originally appeared on POPSUGAR.com
Although some of the more commonly thought of natural disasters, such as hurricanes and earthquakes, can wipe out billions of dollars in property and take many lives, wildfires can also cause similar damage. Much like hurricanes, wildfires do have their season but have been known to crop up at many different times during the year. With more left to be learned about them, wildfires happened long before man occupied the world. All the uncertainty surrounding them can lead one to wonder with all the technology available to predict and fight fires, have they gotten better, or has a new breed of careless man from the guy who just dumps water on a campfire to the guy looking to collect insurance money just made things worse?
To judge for yourself, we have gathered the top 25 wildfires of all time below. They range from the local to the international, from the recent to the historical, and have numerous causes. Dry conditions, wind, and even the human intervention all make the list, which is ordered mostly by number of people thought to have been killed.
Top National Wildfires of All Time
The Great Peshtigo Fire – In 1871, the worst recorded forest fire in North American history raged through Northeastern Wisconsin and Upper Michigan. Known as The Great Peshtigo Fire, it destroyed millions of dollars' worth of property and took between 1,200 and 2,400 lives. Ironically enough, it also took place at the same as another famous fire in Chicago found further down the list. Cloquet FireIn 1918, Americans were being killed in World War I in addition to a deadly Spanish flu epidemic. However in the same year, wildfires in the forests of Minnesota killed 453 and seriously burned 85 others. Ten towns were completely destroyed. The fire was deemed the fault of railroad due to sparks caused by trains. The Great Hinckley Fire of 1894 – This fire tore through the town of Hinckley, Minnesota after a dry summer season. The fire might best be remembered for the heroic acts of the train engineers which were ferreting away survivors as fast as the trains could take them. When it was over, an estimated 418 were dead in an area of about 1,400. The Great Miramichi Fire – This wildfire is perhaps best remembered for its survivors taking shelter by standing in the nearby river. Even livestock stood with them, and a baby was rumored to have been born there. It took place in 1825 in New Brunswick. The death toll for this fire is thought to be at least 200 killed in both the U.S. and Canada. The Big Burn – Occurring in Idaho and Montana, this wildfire happened in 1910. It tore through 3 million acres of wildfire and was said to have sent great balls of fire down the mountainsides. The fire claimed 85 lives and set off a debate on forest fires. Popular Mechanics has more on the blaze. Port Huron Fire – In the second of three famous wildfires to happen in 1871, this one also struck in Michigan in a different part than the Peshtigo Fire. The cities of Port Huron and White Rock burned along with 1.2 million acres. An estimated minimum of 50 people were suspected to have perished. Oakland Wildfire – Think huge fires only happened in the time of our grandparents? Then read more about these 1991 fires that took place in Oakland, California. It destroyed over 3,000 homes, cost over billion dollars, and killed 25 people, with another 150 injured. The fire is suspected to have begun in the Berkeley Hills from a poorly extinguished grass fire. California Wildfires 2003 – This wildfire is current enough to have been reported on by CNN. It was an 18 mile wall of flames and was dubbed the Cedar Fire. Taking place in the Southern part of the state, it happened near the community of Cuyamaca and tourist town of Julian. Although CNN reported at the time that the death toll was 16, the actual total grew to over 20. Mann Gulch Fire – Although the death toll was comparatively lower than the above, this fire is best remembered for taking the lives of firefighters. The fire happened in Montana's Helena National Forest in 1949. The Forest Service dispatched a team of firefighters called “smokejumpers” to study the fire. However, the fire built up quickly and all but three were killed. However, they did learn a great deal on how to deliver new firefighting techniques and equipment. Florida Fires of 1998 – These fires happened in the summer of the year and displaced over 40,000 people from their homes. However, what is truly fascinating is this transcript from PBS on how modern day firefighters battle a blaze of this magnitude. Modern techniques, equipment, and more are all discussed.
Top International Wildfires of All Time
Matheson Fire – In 1916, high winds blowing through the forests of Ontario, Canada turned a small fire into an inferno that destroyed nearly 800 square miles of forest. The towns of Matheson, Cochrane, and Nushka Station were destroyed in minutes. The death toll reached an unheard of 223 for the country, although the actual number was probably higher. The fire led to the passage of tougher fire safety laws for northern Ontario. Black Saturday Bushfires – The deadliest wildfires in Australia's history took place in 2009 in Healesville and surrounding areas in the Southeastern state of Victoria. It burned people in their homes and cars, wiped out entire towns, and had killed 130 people at the time of this report. The fire was perpetuated by a long running drought and officials suspected that an additional 400 fires were deliberately set. Black Friday – Up until the above, this was the worst wildfire in Australian history. It happened in 1939 in the same state and killed 71 people. This site has more including an interactive map. Greek Forest Fires – Proving that wildfires happen in Europe too is this 2007 fire. It happened in the Southern Peloponnese region, near the site of the Ancient Olympics. At the time of the story, 56 were dead with more predicted. Officials blamed arson in several cases after up to 20 new fires broke out overnight after the original fire. Israel 2010 – Although there is plenty of human-made trouble in the Middle East, nature can still strike. In December of 2010, a major forest fire in the Northern part of Israel killed at least 40 people. More than 12,000 people were evacuated from towns and villages and a number of prison guards died in an attempt to evacuate the prison. A bright spot was that in an attempt to put out the blaze, Israel cooperated with eight other countries who sent aircraft to help battle the blaze. The Great Fire of Rome – This fire stands out for being one of the very first ever recorded. It happened in the year 64 AD and went on for six days and seven nights. Although the cause was uncertain, there were rumors that Emperor Nero ordered the fire so they could blame it on their Christian enemies. It was also named the “Worst and Strangest Fire” by Socyberty.
Other Top Wildfires of All Time
The Great San Francisco Earthquake – In 1906, one of the most significant earthquakes of all time was recorded in the city of San Francisco. However, many of the deaths came from the resulting fires. Between 400 and 700 people were estimated to have perished. The events destroyed 490 city blocks, 25,000 buildings and left 250,000 homeless. You can read actual accounts of the fire from Eye Witness to History. The Great Chicago Fire – In 1871, one of the best known fires in American history happened in the town of Chicago. While theories of the cause remain hypothesized, with one of the more famous being a spooked cow, it happened after the city's small firefighting team had already put out 20 other fires. The blaze quickly spread and before being put out by rain, had killed at least 300 people, and had left 100,000 Americans homeless. This interactive guide from PBS has loads more. London's Burning – What's the worst thing that could happen on a street called Pudding Lane? Unfortunately, in the London of 1666 it was the beginning of one of the worst fires ever. By the time it was over, the fire had destroyed almost 80 percent of the city. Because of the practice of simply putting out fires by destroying houses, which were also very susceptible to fire, it was able to spread quickly. The Reichstag Fire – Taking place in 1933 Germany, if you guessed Nazis has something to do with it, you're right. The Reichstag was the building of the German parliament, the symbol of their democracy, and thusly, an enemy of Adolf Hitler. Although they and their party stood to gain the most, Hitler publicly blamed the opposing communists and used the blaze as an excuse to arrest them. After the fire, Hitler presented legislation that would transfer power to themselves and the members cooperatively voted themselves out of existence. Mount Saint Helens – Although a volcano eruption isn't exactly a wildfire, it can be just as deadly. In 1980, this Washington State volcano erupted when an earthquake struck. The blast was heard hundreds of miles away, the pressure wave flattened entire forests, the heat melted glaciers, and 57 people lost their lives. You can even click here to see the eruption on HowStuffWorks. Happy Land Fire – Because man is often their own worst enemy, this unimaginable fire was set in 1990 in The Bronx. A Cuban refugee had a bout of jealousy concerning their seventeen year old ex-girlfriend. They were an employee at the Happy Land Social Club. In a fit of rage, their ex burned down the club killing them and 86 other people. Although the club had been cited for several violations by the fire department, no follow up ever happened. John Orr – Proving that arson doesn't just happen in fits of passion is Orr. They were a fire captain and arson investigator during the 80's and 90's in the Southern California Glendale Fire Department. The first on the scene of dozens of arson fires, suspicion soon began to grow around him. After a fingerprint positively identified them as the arsonist, they were convicted of starting a fire that killed four people and was sentenced to life in prison. Love Letter Fire – Ever burned something your ex gave or wrote to you? Then you have a lot in common with Terry Barton. In 2002, they burned a letter from their estranged husband which resulted in the largest wildfire in Colorado history causing $30 million in damages. A U.S. Forest Service Worker, the matches Barton used to start the fire and pieces of the letter traced the fire back to them and they would go on to be convicted for it. Fire Bombs – One would think that pro-environment groups would be first in protesting the use of fire as protest, and for the most part, this is true. However, in the case of the Earth Liberation Front (ELF) and the Animal Liberation Front (ALF), this is wrong. The FBI had ranked the ELF and the ALF as among the nation's top domestic terrorism threats after a string of attacks beginning in 1996 against U.S. Forest Service buildings, a Vail ski resort, a wild horse slaughterhouse, and other targets. In this 2001 attack, two members were convicted of setting of a firebomb at the University of Washington, causing seven million dollars' worth of damage.
The above top 25 wildfires of all time are just the ones that have happened since we have been recording them and keeping records for future generations. To have a look at current wildfires in the United States, click here for an updated map by the USDA Forest Service.
Deep in north central New Mexico is the sleepy little town of Dulce. Dulce is located on the Archuleta Mesa on the Colorado - New Mexico Border. It is home to about 3000 residents and is the capitol of the Jicarilla Apache Nation. For as small and as insignificant as this remote location may sound, it became the center of controversy in the early 1980's. Physicist and inventor, Paul Bennewitz claimed they had discovered an underground base occupied by extraterrestrials near Dulce. Their story quickly spread through the UFO community. Allegations th at surround the base include human abductions ("alien abductions") by these extraterrestrial beings. They also asserted that the extraterrestrials were engaging in the development of advanced technology including genetic manipulation. Their plan, according to Conspiracy Theorists, is to control the government and gain ultimate control of the Earth by means of a New World Order. Stories have emerged regarding an untoward alliance between humans and the inhabitants of the Dulce base which include ties to shadow governments via secret societies such as the Illuminati, the Masons, the Bilderberg Group and the Skull and Bones.
Dulce is not the only place on earth where it is believed underground bases exist, but it is the one which has received the greatest notoriety in recent times. Subterranean bases, according to Conspira cy Theorists, can be found around the world with major active outposts all across the United States, Australia, Antarctica and South America. These bases are connected to each other via a series of channels which connect one base to another. There are even assertions that one of these tunnels leads to an active base beneath the Vatican which has been exerting control over western civilization for centuries.
A wealth of information regarding this subject has recently surfaced that seemingly reaches across vast extremes. And as strange as all of this may sound, could any of what they say be true? We turn to mythology in the search for answers. It must be stated before we move on, that mythology, like many of the claims that come from the UFO community is treated more like science fiction rather than fact. Traditional mythologists contend that the gods we f ind in myth represent the forces of nature or the creation of someone's vivid imagination. With that said, does mythology support these seemingly outlandish claims?
Stories of underground realms occupied by "the gods" pervade mythology. Depending on the culture, it has been called Hades, Tartarus, Xibalba, Duat, Patala and Hell. These "homes of the gods", are not always found deep within the earth, but are sometimes described as being within a mountain or deep beneath the waters of the earth. Access to their domain, regardless of locality, is often described as located through the mouth of a cave. The entrance may appear open at one time and then disappear from view completely and instantaneously. The inhabitants of these underground realms did not desire to be visited by unwanted nor unexpecte d company, yet access was granted to select individuals.
According to ancient texts, entrance into the underworld was anything but easy. The Mayan Popul Vuh , for example, describes the route taken by the hero brothers Hunhun-Ahpu and Vukub-Hunapu. It tells of a steep descent into the home of the Lords of Xibalba and the many challenges they had to face. Similarly, texts such as the Egyptian Book Of The Dead , describe the path by which the deceased god-King must travel to enter Duat. Like the Popul Vuh , the path is fraught with challenges the individual must pass in order to enter the realm of the dead, the underworld. The Vishnu Purana states that the deepest level of the underworld, Patala, can be found 70,000 yojanas beneath the surface of the earth. Gilgamesh, in the epic bearing their name, is described as traveling twel ve leagues in the dense darkness until they arrived in the light filled chamber of the underworld.
The underground domains of the gods are described as filled with houses or vast halls where thousands of individuals could assemble. Fountains, plants, tall grasses, trees and animals of all kinds filled this land. The divine ascetic, Narada, who is featured in the Vishnu Purana claims to have visited Patala. " Patala was much more charming than heaven. They exclaimed "What can be compared with Patala where Nagas (serpents) are adorned with beautiful and brilliant and pleasure-diffusing gems? This region is embellished with the daughters of Daityas and Danavas .".
Similar descriptions of the underground/underwater homes of the gods are scattered through mythology. The home of the Sumerian fertility god Enki, which is located in the watery deep, is described as having their house built of gold, silver and lapis lazuli. Even writers, such as Greek philosopher Plato, echo this notion. They believed that the earth was littered with a number of hollows that were full of water, air, trees, fruits and flowers.
Surprisingly, Plato confirms yet another claim made by modern UFOlogy. Plato goes on to state that these hollows were connected to one another by subterranean channels. But Plato isn't the only one who refers to tunnels that lie beneath the surface of the ear th. Inca legends tell of vast networks of tunnels that crisscross the length and breadth of the planet, complete with underground cities. When Pizarro and the Spanish conquistadors entered Peru, they kidnapped the Inca emperor Atahualpha and held them for ransom. They demanded enough gold to fill a room in return for Atahualpha's release. Pizarro's men heard rumors that the Inca gold was being held in a vast network of subterranean tunnels. The tunnels were thousands of years old and ran for miles beneath the Inca capitol. In more recent years adventurers who have hazarded into the caverns beneath Cusco entered but were never seen again. One man actually did make it out of the tunnels alive and they brought with them two bars of gold. According to officials they had gone mad. The entrances to the tunnels were then walled up for safety's sake - at least that is the official story. The Apache Indians report that their ancestors took refuge in ancient tunnels during a cataclysmic disaster on the earth. They wandered these immense passageways for years carrying the seeds for life in the new world.
But what about the other claim made by UFOlgists regarding these bases being used for genetic engineering? According to their assertions it is in the lowest level, the 7th level, of the Dulce base that the extraterrestrials are engaging in this kind of experimentation.
Again, mythology supports this premise. Native American tribes across the country are the most vocal when it comes to this topic. The Jicarilla Apache (whose headquarters are in Dulce), the Navaho and Hopi Indians have long-standing traditions of man's creation and emergence from beneath the surface of the earth. The Algonquians recount "Thus did the lowermost world-cave become overfilled with living things, full of unfinished creatures, crawling like reptiles over one another in dark blackness." In this matter they do not stand alone. Berosus, a Babylonian priest, tells of the hideous creatures that inhabit this underground realm. They described men who had one body but two heads, some with the legs and horns of a goat and even some with the hind quarters of a horse and the body of a man. "In short, there were creatures in which were combined the limbs of every species of animal."
These genetic experiments are, according to reports from UFO advocates, being conducted by a grou p of reptilian beings in the lowest levels of the base. Thomas Castello, a former senior security officer at the base, testified that the base at Dulce is a seven level underground facility with the lower levels described as a series of natural caverns. It was believed by Castello that these caverns were used by different extraterrestrial races in our remote past. In Hindu cosmology, the Naga (serpents) once lived on earth, but the great god Brahma sent them to live under the sea and in the seventh level of their underground realm called Patala. In the Sumerian Inana's Descent To The Nether World , Inana is required to pass through seven gates to finally reach the bowels of the underworld. Aztec legend says that Quetzalcoatl, the feathered serpent, went to Mictlan, the Aztec Underworld, and created humankind using their own blood and the bones of the previous race. Throughout mythology the act of creating humanity is always associated with a specific group of gods, the fertility gods. Fertility gods around the world are traditionally depicted as reptilian or amphibious in nature and appear in art as a blend between a man and a fish or a man and a snake.
A number of individuals also argue the Reptilian's true agenda is to control us, with the objective to dominate the planet. They cite the development of a New World Order. Proponents of this theory believe that the Reptilians, or the byproduct of their genetic manipulation experiments, intend to take control of the earth's surface. This takeover is being orchestrated by an extremely powerful and influential group which includes many of the world's wealthiest people. Some claim members of this elite group are actually genetically related to each other. Their goal is to have every man, woman and child on the earth obedient to their covert agenda. The Reptilians are also accused of wanting to reduce the population on the earth and are employing weapons such as chemt rails, GMO's, vaccinations and human-made viruses to reduce our numbers. It is contended that it is easier to control 500,000 or a million individuals than it is the 7 billion who currently live on the earth.
A look into mythology relative to this claim does have a few pillars of support. The idea of culling the human population on Earth is not a modern concept. In the Sumerian Epic of Atrahasis we find a story where the gods do just that! Twelve hundred years after the creation of humankind the number of people who inhabited the Earth grew. Their "noise" disturbed the Sky god Enlil's sleep. Enlil decided to send a plague in order reduce the population. This worked for a while but when another 1200 years passed the populati on had grown again and Enlil was once more bothered by the noise. This time, in order to decrease their numbers, they get the Thunder-rain god Adad to hold back the rains and the world suffered from a great drought where vast numbers died. The population continues to grow, and by the time another 1200 years pass the noise became too much for Enlil to bear. Wanting to alleviate their problem they tell the gods to hold back all of nature's gifts. This went on for six years and as the texts describe, the people of Earth were reduced to cannibalism in order to survive. The Fertility god, Enki, tried to save the people from starvation. This angered Enlil even more. Finally Enlil, in an act of vengeance, decided to destroy humankind once and for all. They planned to do this by flooding the world. Enki, once again steped in and saved humanity from total annihilation. They warned Atrahasis of the impending flood and told them t o build a boat to save themselves and their family.
Torrents of theories have come forward as we seek the truth regarding our place in the universe. Mythology does lend itself to support a number of these claims. It is difficult to determine if the creators of these theories based their conjecture using myth as their foundation, first-hand experiences, or, something else. What does seem evident is that much of the information UFO researchers are bringing to light does parallel the myths and legends that have passed to us from antiquity. Bringing this idea full circle; if the stories being unearthed in the UFO community were not based on mythological sources, yet mythology su pports these claims, then the stories of our distant past may have a basis in fact. It implies that the gods were living breathing beings who walked the earth in our remote past, created man and played an essential role in the development of life and culture on the planet.
By Dr. Rita Louise
About The Author
Bestselling author and Medical Intuitive, Dr. Rita Louise is the host of Just Energy Radio and the Founder of the Institute Of Applied Energetics.  They are the author of the books Man-Made: The Chronicles Of Our Extraterrestrial Gods , Avoiding The Cosmic 2X4 , Dark Angels: An Insider's Guide To Ghosts, Spirits & Attached Entities and The Power Within as well as hundreds of articles that have been published worldwide. They have appeared on radio and television and has spoken at conferences covering topics such as health and healing, ghosts, intuition, ancient mysteries and the paranormal. For more information about Dr. Rita please visit http://www.soulhealer.com or listen to them live at http://www.justenergyradio.com.
At least 16 percent of motorists tool around without insurance, and a Michigan company says it has developed technology that allows police to easily identify and cite them.
InsureNet's database would compile names, license plate numbers and other information about motorists and provide it to some 35,000 law agencies through a nationwide network linking local, state and federal law enforcement. Cops and traffic cameras could use the information to instantly identify uninsured motorists. InsureNet claims the system could save the insurance industry billions of dollars in fraud and generate hundreds of millions in ticket revenue. It says Chicago and Mississippi are among those that may adopt the technology.
"Until now states have had very little opportunity to determine what vehicles on the road are insured," Rowland Day, the company's executive VP, told Wired.com. "We have developed a system that has the ability to be effective on a national level and therefore beneficial to every state."
All states require automobile insurance of some kind, but uninsured motorists generally aren't caught unless they're stopped for another offense. InsureNet would make it easier to identify them and create another use for the traffic and surveillance cameras blanketing many cities. Civil libertarians warn such a system threatens our privacy and brings us closer to a surveillance state akin to England, where there's a camera on nearly every corner.
The Insurance Status System compiles information provided by insurance companies and makes it available to police through the National Law
Enforcement Telecommunications System. The secure network, launched in 1961 and based in Arizona, links law enforcement agencies nationwide, allowing them to instantly share information.
The Insurance Research Council estimates one in every six drivers on the road next year won't have insurance. That number is expected to climb if the recession lingers and the unemployment rate rises. Moreover, these uninsured drivers boost the premiums of everyone else by requiring them to carry uninsured motorist coverage, says David Corum, research council vice president.
Corum wouldn't say whether they think InsureNet is a good idea, but they did tell Wired.com that it could be tough to execute.
"While theoretically the system might work, it would be difficult to make sure that all the insurance data collected by InsureNet is current," they said. "Logistically speaking, insurance companies must deal with a great deal of lag time when collecting information. Relaying that information to another company might seem simple, but I wouldn't assume it to be."
The American Insurance Association expressed concern about the security of InsureNet's system. "Despite there never being a major breach of the databases of any of the insurance companies in America, we would be very concerned about such a system's ability to maintain the protection of an individual's information," said David Snyder, the association's vice president.
Just 13 states require insurance companies to report customers' names and license plate numbers. Illinois is not among them, but InsureNet recently pitched its system to the Chicago City Council Transportation Committee anyway. Company officials told the panel the National Insurance Status System could generate "well in excess of $100 million" in ticket revenue for the city, according to the Chicago Sun-Times.
The system would use the city's 132 traffic cameras to identify scofflaws. If a camera snapped a picture of an uninsured vehicle, the registered owner would get a citation in the mail. The state's mandatory insurance law carries a $500 fine. If the city levied a $300 fine, it could generate more than $100 million annually, the Sun-Times reports.
The Illinois chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union denounced the system as a threat to privacy.
"We are are deeply troubled by this," spokesperson Ed Young told Wired.com. "It seems there is no scheme either outlandish or wild for the city of Chicago in terms of public surveillance. What concerns us most is that the Committee of Transportation even considered generating revenue with fines that wouldn't be based on illegal driving. Such a system would begin to feel like perpetual surveillance."
The transportation committee took no action on the proposal, but InsureNet told Wired.com that Mississippi is interested in the system and that it expects other states to follow suit.
Photo: Indiana Stan/Flickr
U.S. forces stationed in a remote area of Afghanistan recently received about 20 copies of Bill O'Reilly's book “Pinheads and Patriots.” Their orders upon receiving the tomes: Burn them, according to a tumblr account maintained anonymously by a soldier.
Some jerk sent us two boxes of this awful book (SPOILER ALERT: George Washington — Patriot; George Soros — Pinhead) instead of anything soldiers at a remote outpost in Afghanistan might need, like, say, food or soap. Just burned the whole lot of them on my Commander's orders.
Posted Monday with photos of the burning manuscripts, the post quickly went viral, prompting the blogger to clarify the reason for the book blaze:
The motivation behind the order to burn them was not political. As mentioned in the original post, we are in an extraordinarily remote location. We don't have a post office here, so sending them back wasn't an option. Extra space is scarce and alternatives that a few mentioned, like recycling, are nonexistent.
Though the blogger is obviously not a fan of O'Reilly, they said they at least “saved one for the bookshelf.” Representatives for O'Reilly did not immediately return an email for comment.
O'Reilly supports Operation Shoebox, which sends care packages to soldiers overseas. A video clip dug up by Gawker's John Cook shows copies of “Pinheads and Patriots” being included in an Operation Shoebox package.
(h/t Gawker)
French authorities Tuesday cleared hundreds of migrants from two camps, one under a subway bridge in Paris and the other in the northern port of Calais.
The raids on the grotty, makeshift settlements come as European countries debate what to do about the tens of thousands of migrants crossing the Mediterranean from North Africa, many fleeing conflict and poverty in countries like Libya and Eritrea.
Police launched a dawn raid on a camp in northern Paris where more than 350 refugees, most of them from Sudan, but also from Eritrea, Somalia and Egypt have been living.
The camp, under raised metro tracks in a working-class area of the French capital, sprang up in 2014 but has since swelled as migrants cross the Mediterranean in ever increasing numbers and make their way north.
Authorities had put up signs over the weekend ordering the migrants to leave the camp within 48 hours and early on Tuesday morning police surrounded the site and blocked nearby traffic.
The refugees, most of them men, but also including several families, boarded nearby buses to be taken to various shelters in the greater Paris area.
"We're worried. We've been told they will be put up for several days but we don't know what that means, especially as some of them are here illegally," said Christiane, a local bystander.
The camp was broken up calmly while a handful of demonstrators shouted "solidarity with the migrants."
Health minister Marisol Touraine said the eviction took place for sanitary reasons.
"Camps are places that are always risky in terms of epidemics and health ... first and foremost for the people who live there. So the breaking-up of the camp is a response to a ... health need," they told French radio.
"We need to make sure that all of them are quickly rehoused and in good conditions," they added.
- 'Everyone ran off' -
Meanwhile, some 300 kilometers (200 miles) to the north, police evicted around 140 migrants from two makeshifts camps in Calais -- again without violent resistance.
One of the camps was very close to the Channel Tunnel, through which migrants seek to reach Britain.
"There was no official information," said Cecile Bossy from the charity group Medecins du Monde.
"When the authorities arrived, everyone ran off. The police asked them to take their stuff and leave," they said.
Agence France Presse reporters in Calais saw a scene of general confusion with some migrants drifting off in the direction of the city center.
"What's happening?" asked one baffled man from Sudan, who had been in Calais for three days after travelling through Egypt and Italy.
Tensions in the Calais camps have led to sporadic outbreaks of violence.
On Monday morning, a brawl broke out between Sudanese and Eritrean migrants, resulting in 24 injuries, 14 of which required hospital treatment.
Around 2,500 migrants, mostly from Sudan, Eritrea and Syria, live in the makeshift tent village in Calais known as "the jungle".
So far this year, more than 40,000 migrants have arrived on Italian shores and some 1,770 have perished on the hazardous journey.
On Wednesday, the European Commission asked member states to admit 20,000 Syrian refugees from outside Europe and process another 40,000 asylum seekers from Syria and Eritrea landing in Italy and Greece.
But France and Germany immediately hit back at the plan, saying it lacked sufficient "balance."
Background Recent studies have suggested that epidermal barrier dysfunction contributes to the development of atopic dermatitis (AD) and other allergic diseases.
Objective We performed a prospective, randomized controlled trial to investigate whether protecting the skin barrier with a moisturizer during the neonatal period prevents development of AD and allergic sensitization.
Methods An emulsion-type moisturizer was applied daily during the first 32 weeks of life to 59 of 118 neonates at high risk for AD (based on having a parent or sibling with AD) who were enrolled in this study. The onset of AD (eczematous symptoms lasting >4 weeks) and eczema (lasting >2 weeks) was assessed by a dermatology specialist on the basis of the modified Hanifin and Rajka criteria. The primary outcome was the cumulative incidence of AD plus eczema (AD/eczema) at week 32 of life. A secondary outcome, allergic sensitization, was evaluated based on serum levels of allergen-specific IgE determined by using a high-sensitivity allergen microarray of diamond-like carbon–coated chips.
Results Approximately 32% fewer neonates who received the moisturizer had AD/eczema by week 32 than control subjects (P = .012, log-rank test). We did not show a statistically significant effect of emollient on allergic sensitization based on the level of IgE antibody against egg white at 0.34 kU A /L CAP-FEIA equivalents. However, the sensitization rate was significantly higher in infants who had AD/eczema than in those who did not (odds ratio, 2.86; 95% CI, 1.22-6.73).
To see the enhanced content on this page, you need to have JavaScript enabled and Adobe Flash installed.
Introduction: The crime scene Forensic evidence and the way it was gathered came under close scrutiny in the trial of Stephen Lawrence's killers.
Techniques and practices have developed significantly since 1993 and are now a key part of police investigations from the start.
The basic principle is "every contact leaves a trace" and specks of blood, fibres or fingerprints become silent witnesses against the criminal. Here, we examine forensic science from crime scene to courtroom.
First, explore our 360 degree crime scene to see how the forensics teams get to work.
Preserving the scene Uniformed officers are usually the first at a crime scene.
They are trained to cordon off anything which may potentially be relevant - be it a phone box, a car or a door which an offender may have touched.
An outer cordon excludes anyone but police officers.
An inner cordon is where the main forensic evidence is expected to be found.
Crime scene manager A crime scene manager has to try to "stop the clock" to ensure as little is changed as possible.
It is his, or her, job to establish the precise area of the scene as well as a "common approach path" to the body or key bits of interest.
The officer will also check who has had access, such as police or ambulance crews, in case footprints need eliminating.
Common approach path A common approach path (CAP) is a route set out from the outer perimeter tape of the crime scene to the victim or key area of the crime.
The CAP is often made up of metal stepping stone-style plates which give crime scene investigators access to the scene while minimising contamination of possible evidence.
Anyone entering or leaving the crime scene must take this route and their presence is logged.
How to take a swab sample To see the enhanced content on this page, you need to have JavaScript enabled and Adobe Flash installed. Forensic scientist explains how to take a sample from a crime scene
Physical evidence such as a knife, cigarette packet or bullet casings are photographed or sketched in situ.
They are logged, packaged and labelled before being sent for forensic examination at the laboratory.
Remote transmission To see the enhanced content on this page, you need to have JavaScript enabled and Adobe Flash installed. Forensic scientist shows how images are sent from crime scene to lab
John Michael Farren was an attorney who had worked at the highest levels in the last three Republican administrations and corporate America, but went berserk after their wife served them divorce papers, allegedly beating them bloody with a gigantic flashlight, ripping out their hair and choking them unconscious on Thursday.
Mr. Farren's history includes a stint with Reagan's Commerce Dept., a top advisory spot for the transition team and campaign of George H.W. Bush and most recently, the younger Bush's office of White House Counsel replacing an attorney accused of providing legal cover for violations of domestic surveillance statutes and illegally firing DOJ attorneys.
- Advertisement -
Farren was brought back into the White House in 2007 by Fred Fielding who on their first day in replacing Harriet Miers as chief counsel ordered warrantless surveillance to stop. Fielding had teamed with Farren in the private sector between federal appointments, representing Blackwater among others, while Farren served as chief counsel for Xerox Corp. spending over three decades on the government-corporate merry-go-round.
Mrs. Farren also worked as a high powered attorney for corporate energy interests such as Entergy, negotiating for favorable legislation with government agencies. According to New Canaan, CT police, Mrs. Farren appeared at the home of a stranger battered and bloody with a broken nose and jaw, children in arms aged seven years and four months, where they collapsed.
They later told investigators they had been emotionally abused by Farren and physically abused once before, reportedly coinciding with their last White House stint. At least according to Mrs. Farren then, there was a dangerous criminal serving as the #2 lawyer in the White House as they sought to fend off subpoenas and stonewall Judiciary Committee requests for information.
- Advertisement -
Though Farren was said to have shown a mean temper at work, former boss Fielding told reporters this was completely out of character for Farren, currently being held under suicide watch while they try to arrange a $2 million bail bond for attempted murder. Farren had not worked since leaving their post as Deputy Counsel weeks before a Democratic win in the election loomed.
On the same day Farren's suicide attack allegedly took place, an appeal was made to the U.S. Department of Justice's Office of Professional Responsibility (OPR) by the Robert Jackson Steering Committee, requesting documents pertaining to Bush lawyers be made public to probe possible war crimes and disbartenderst actions.
Though the RJSC's request chiefly sought documents authorizing torture and misuse of pre-war intel, the White House legal team under Fielding and Farren also shielded their predecessors from testifying in Congressional hearings in never-before-seen legal claims of "everlasting" executive privilege.
Naturally, a lawyer's duty is to protect their client, but it is expressly not the job of legal counsel to newly interpret or create laws. Beyond John Yoo's controversial "torture memo", alleged abuse ranged from the DOJ firings to vote caging improprieties and more.When documents concerning the UK's handling of pre-war legal wrangling came to light, the attorney general there reversed their opinion that the Iraq war was in fact illegal.
Asked in a televised interview what they felt the legal precedent for their warrantless surveillance program was, President Bush said it's 'for the lawyers to figure out'. In reality, however, White House Counsel is only supposed to advise the President. If they were "the deciders", it would mean unelected, barely accountable lawyers are making our most important political decisions, outside of their purview.
Neither Bush nor Obama should be entrusting lawyers to determine U.S. law and in no case should evidence of this be hidden from the public. This tragic incident underscores the intense pressure Bush lawyers may have been under, mirroring a 2006 murder-suicide incident involving another Bush administration official who also worked in Reagan's Commerce Dept.
- Advertisement -
Mr. Farren clearly is not having a good week, but they sure has a lot less to lose than last week. Perhaps they can bound back and help restore American democratic integrity, providing crucial background on letters their department sent making claims that both Karl Rove and Harriet Miers could for the first time ever assert executive privilege after leaving office.
It was Farren's boss Fred Fielding who seemed to have spontaneously invented this neat executive power, barring Bush's advisors from answering Congressional subpoenas. Widely considered unconstitutional, Fielding essentially wrote a get-out-of-contempt-free card for their own position, retroactively.
This forced a showdown in the U.S. Court of Appeals where Rove and Miers were compelled to testify, though they eventually did so under extremely favorable secrecy. The momentum in prosecuting Bush era crimes has since waned, cementing wide public perception that Nancy Pelosi is a complicit deal-broker and that Obama sees no benefit in "looking backwards".
You did it !
A big thank you to everyone who voted for this and put it on the first page of TeeBusters most voted for.Now this is for sale on http://TeeBusters.com you can use this discount code to get 10% off the cost of your order -As an added incentive to help me spread the word about the sale of this t-shirt and hoodie on Teebusters, below is a free Sherlock wallpaper for you to download and keep.The catch is that there are 49 pieces of the wallpaper and the more the details of the sale are shared, the more pieces will be revealed !Thanks for sharing and liking and generally being fantastic.The wallpaper has been fully revealed and can now be downloaded, choose your size and click on the link
Georgia last year legalized a limited form of medical marijuana, but efforts are now underway to not only expand the law but significantly boost who would qualify to use it.
At least 23 states, plus the District of Columbia and Guam, offer some form of legalized use of marijuana for medical purposes. Georgia this year created a way to protect some people from criminal prosecution for having a limited form of cannabis oil in their possession to treat severe forms of eight illnesses including cancer, Parkinson's disease and epilepsy.
But House Bill 722 would bring that list of eligible illnesses to at least 17, including post-traumatic stress syndrome, Tourette's syndrome and Alzheimer's.
What diseases or disorders are covered by the law?
Cancer, when the disease has reached end stage or the treatment produces related wasting illness, recalcitrant nausea and vomiting.
Seizure disorders related to diagnosis of epilepsy or trauma-related head injuries.
Severe or end-stage amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (also known as ALS or Lou Gehrig's disease).
Severe or end-stage multiple sclerosis.
Severe or end-stage Parkinson's disease.
Severe or end-stage sickle cell disease.
Crohn's disease.
Mitochondrial disease.
What diseases or disorders would additionally be covered if the law is expanded?
Trump can't magically wipe away Puerto Rico's debt, but their words can make bonds worth a lot less 4:14 PM ET Wed, 4 Oct 2017 | 00:47
It's unlikely the self-proclaimed "King of Debt" can wave away Puerto Rico's debts, but President Donald Trump's interest in the island's recovery may mean bondholders get an even smaller piece of the pie.
"The president can't just wipe out the debt," said Jeff Lipton, managing director, head of municipal research and strategy at Oppenheimer.
After visiting the devastated island, Trump said Tuesday that Puerto Rico's debt should be wiped away.
"They owe a lot of money to your friends on Wall Street and we're going to have to wipe that out," Trump told Fox without specifying details. "You're going to say goodbye to that, I don't know if it's Goldman Sachs, but whoever it is you can wave goodbye to that."
Lipton said the president doesn't have the power to wipe it out. "To my knowledge they cannot issue an executive order even though Puerto Rico is a United States territory," they said.
Puerto Rico's bonds sold off sharply Wednesday in reaction to Trump's comment. The benchmark general obligation bonds were trading at 36 cents on the dollar, down 8 cents from Tuesday and 20 cents from a week ago.
Bondholders, already expecting to see a restructuring of the $72 billion debt, may have to take an even bigger haircut now that the federal government is getting involved.
"The political overtones of it are what people are concerned about," said Curtis Erickson, head of capital markets at Preston Hollow Capital. "Can they push through some law? I don't know. Ultimately, I think there's a lot of money coming from the United States. If there's a political agenda to be driven by the president, in any form to lend money to the island, I think it would be structured to be senior to all existing debt."
Congress has earmarked some money for Puerto Rico as part of hurricane relief, and the White House has requested more.
Puerto Rico has also asked for low interest loans. Puerto Rico's current debt to GDP is about 68 percent, compared with the average for the 50 U.S. states of about 17 percent, according to Lipton.
"If the rebuild is directed by Congress and Treasury, then I guess they're going to put provisions in to make sure it all goes to the island and infrastructure and rebuilding and doesn't go to the bondholders," said Erickson.
Congress approved the process under which Puerto Rico can restructure its debt, and the vast majority of the island's credits are now moving through the Title 3 bankruptcy process.
"There is now a framework for resolving these claims ... and I would expect that was a framework that was ostensibly supported by the U.S. Senate and the House of Representatives," said Dennis Pidherny, managing director, U.S. Public Finance at Fitch.
"That is a process that appears to be unfolding," they said. "The judge is moving the issue through their court, and we expect they will continue to do so. The legislation provided a framework to do that, where none had previously existed. ... I'm not aware of any presidential powers that allow for the forgiveness."
Bondholders were already expected to lose out more in a restructuring after Hurricane Maria devastated the island.
"If nothing else, the president's visit has intensified the focus on Puerto Rico from both a disaster relief effort, and a debt restructuring focus as well," said Lipton. "The bondholders clearly are going to have to absorb a haircut. "
They said the debt restructuring may take even longer now that it's been complicated by the storm, which has brought Puerto Rico's economy to a halt.
"I continue to believe this is going to be a multiyear recovery and process given the number of individual credits involved, given the various structures and liens," they said. "The big question is what kind of deference will be given to the commonwealth constitution. The commonwealth constitution is quite clear that bondholders are to get paid first, even ahead of pension beneficiaries."
Some strategists said Congress would not have much appetite to take away Puerto Rico's obligations even if Trump wanted to wave them away.
Lipton pointed out that about 25 percent of the island's general obligation bonds are insured, as are 70 percent of its COFINA sales tax bonds. The stocks of bond insurance companies were under pressure Wednesday: MBIA, for example, was down about 9 percent.
Strategists said it's not just hedge funds that will get burned by a haircut. Hedge funds and distressed buyers are most active in the secondary market, but the majority of debt holders are individuals and mutual funds.
Trump didn't acknowledge the mom-and-pop holders in their comments on the debt.
Taking Trump's comments too literally could be a mistake. Lipton pointed to comments Wednesday from White House Budget Director Mick Mulvaney. "He basically said, 'Don't take them word for word.' What we can say is the federal government is not going to bail out the debt, and we never thought that they would, " Lipton said.
After selling its Chinese business in August last year, Uber has now yielded its clout abroad again — this time to merge its Russian business with the taxi arm of Russian search engine giant Yandex. The new company will be worth $3.725 billion, both companies have announced, and span 127 cities in 6 countries (Russia, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Belarus, Georgia and Kazakhstan).
As part of the deal, Yandex will invest $100 million and hold a majority stake of 59.3 percent, while Uber will invest $225 million and hold a stake of 36.6 percent. The remaining shares are held by company employees. Full-time Uber employees in the countries involved will join the new company. A name for the new company has not yet been announced.
More than 35 million trips a month
Uber launched in Moscow in 2014. It has a presence spanning 16 cities in Russia, and five in Azerbaijan, Belarus, and Kazakhstan. Yandex has gross bookings of $1.01 billion on an annualized basis, while Uber had just over half of that, at $566 million, according to Bloomberg. Yandex, often called the "Google of Russia" is a well established brand and has an extensive mapping database which puts it at an advantage over Uber, reports the New York Times. So rather than fighting over market share, a merger made sense.
"Combining our business with Yandex will give us a very significant stake in a new company which will initially serve more than 35 million trips each month," Pierre-Dimitri Gore-Coty, head of Uber's business in Europe, the Middle East and Africa wrote in an email to employees today.
Yandex estimates the combined company's share of the taxi sector in Russia is only between about 5 to 6 percent. "Many of us who work inside Yandex feel that everyone has already switched to ride-sharing, but in reality, we are just at the beginning of this journey," wrote Tigran Khudaverdyan, CEO of Yandex.Taxi in a blog post.
Uber says that for the foreseeable future, both the Uber and Yandex rider apps will continue to operate as normal. Driver apps will be integrated after the transaction closes. The deal is still subject to regulatory approval and other conditions, and is expected to close in the last quarter of the year.
Correction: An earlier version referred to the name of the new company as NewCo. This has since been corrected, the new company name has not been announced.
Self-taught artist Ben Young is a man of many exceptional talents from surfing and skateboarding to repairing furniture and working full-time as a qualified boat builder. He's also spent the last decade exploring the art of sculpting with glass, an endeavor that's become increasingly rewarding as galleries and collectors have started to take notice.
Using sheet after sheet of carefully cut glass, Young builds both abstract and realistic interpretations of waves and bodies of water, undoubtedly influenced by growing up near the beautiful Bay of Plenty on the northern coast of New Zealand's North Island. Many people assume their work is made with the help of machines, or maybe even 3D printing, but instead everything is done completely by hand, from their initial sketches on paper to the manual cutting of each glass pane, a process they aptly describe as “a lot of work.”
You can see several more of their glass sculptures over on Tumblr, and in the video above by David Child. Young is represented by Kirra Galleries in Melbourne and the photos above are courtesy Robert Gray Photography and Zico O'Neill. You can also follow them on Facebook. (via Faith is Torment)
I started my first swift app with iOS 8 and needed to use core location, something that I haven't used in a really long time. After writing all the code and testing out the app I couldn't get the dang thing to use my location! After a frustrating 30 min of debugging I figured out what the issue is and decided to write this post to hopefully help you avoid that frustration. So here is what you need to do to get core location working with iOS 8 and swift.
CoreLocation Project setup
Add the CoreLocation.framework to your project
First step is to select your project in the project navigator, and select your project target. Once selected expand the link binary and click the add items button. Choose the CoreLocation.framework from the pop up window.
Editing Info.plist
This is where I screwed up in my attempt, I forgot to add the property key in my plist. This caused the app not to get my location, and it didn't give any warning or error to let me know there was even a problem. So add NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription or NSLocationAlwaysUsageDescription key in your Info.plist file to indicate the level of authorization you require. NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription will allow you to get the device location when you are using the app and NSLocationAlwaysUsageDescription will allow you to get the device location when you are using the app as well as in the background when the app isn't running. The key you set is what will be displayed in the pop up asking for permission. Also as a side note if you need to localize your plist here is apple's docs on how to do that Localizing Property List Values. I only need to use location while the app is in use so I used NSLocationWhenInUseUsageDescription and only wanted apple's default message so I left the value blank.
Create your view controller and add the CLLocationManagerDelegate
Now that we have all that project setup done we can get on to the code. So first step is to add the CLLocationManagerDelegate to your view controller, implement these delegate methods. Then init your CLLocationManager and start receiving your location data.
// // MapViewController.swift // // Created by Barrett Breshears on 10/6/14. // Copyright (c) 2014 Sledge Dev. All rights reserved. // import UIKit import CoreLocation class MapViewController: UIViewController, CLLocationManagerDelegate { let locationManager = CLLocationManager() override func viewDidLoad() { if (CLLocationManager.locationServicesEnabled()) { locationManager.delegate = self locationManager.desiredAccuracy = kCLLocationAccuracyBest locationManager.requestWhenInUseAuthorization() locationManager.startUpdatingLocation() } else { println("Location services are not enabled"); } } override func didReceiveMemoryWarning() { super.didReceiveMemoryWarning() // Dispose of any resources that can be recreated. } // MARK: - CoreLocation Delegate Methods func locationManager(manager: CLLocationManager!, didFailWithError error: NSError!) { locationManager.stopUpdatingLocation() removeLoadingView() if ((error) != nil) { print(error) } } func locationManager(manager: CLLocationManager!, didUpdateLocations locations: [AnyObject]!) { var locationArray = locations as NSArray var locationObj = locationArray.lastObject as CLLocation var coord = locationObj.coordinate println(coord.latitude) println(coord.longitude) } }
Let me know if there are any questions or comments about the code or the project setup. Also don't forget to follow me on Twitter! I'm always looking for new internet friends.
Follow @BarrettBreshear
A group of migrants has been found hanging onto the bottom of a freight train near the Germany-Austria border.
In eerie footage, a train is inspected as it pulls into a station and a human hand can be seen gripping onto a tyre underneath a carriage.
Seven adults and five children were picked up in Raubling, Germany after being spotted clinging onto the train from Valencia to Munich.
They are believed to have come from the Ivory Coast, Nigeria and Somalia.
Pictured: The eerie footage shows a human hand clinging onto a tyre under the train's carriage
Pictured: Some of the migrants, who are believed to have come from Somalia, the Ivory Coast and Nigeria
Pictured: A man holds onto their leg after being discovered by staff in Raubling, Germany
Pictured: A young person climbs out from under the train as German authorities stand by
Pictured: Two of the migrants can be sen after staff spotted them under the train's carriage
Amid fears of hypothermia, the migrants were given blankets and treatment at the scene
The train travels at speeds of up to 93mph and is extremely dangerous.
In the video, one man can be seen emerging from the undercarriage clearly in pain and walking with a pronounced limp.
 They are helped by staff and carried out of the station while shivering and grimacing.
The rescuers worried that many of the travellers were suffering from hypothermia.
The migrants were given towels and blankets and treated at the scene by the German authorities.
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa face a defensive crisis with Nathan Baker ruled out for the rest of the season.
Baker limped out of Villa's momentous FA Cup semi final victory over Liverpool at Wembley with a knee problem.
Manager Tim Sherwood admitted Baker's injury is too severe for them to play any further part during the run-in.
With Ciaran Clark also out for the season it means Villa have just two fit centre-backs for the dual FA Cup adventure and Premier League survival mission.
Injury prone Ron Vlaar, and Jores Okore, who has also spent time on the sidelines must carry them through on both fronts.
"We've not too big a squad and we've lost Nathan Baker today, Ciaran Clark last week, so we've got two fit centrebacks.
"They did really well today, Jores Okore and Ron Vlaar.
"They're the only two we're going with between now an the end of the season, so we're not blessed in defensive areas.
"It looks like Nathan's season is over. It's a really bad knee injury, and we know how long that normally takes.
"It's disappointing for the lads and for the football club and the fans."
China has bet on solar energy as a cleaner alternative to coal, but whether installed solar panels can meet the country's need for energy is becoming a troubling question.
China had installed nearly 19.5 gigawatts of solar panels as of the end of 2013. However, "many solar installations failed to generate as much electricity as planned," said Ji Zhenshuang, deputy director at the Beijing-based China General Certification Center, which examined 472 Chinese solar projects over the past four years.
Ji would not specify the percentage but said the figure is not small. The solar projects their company examined include those under Golden Sun, a government-led program that was introduced in 2009 to demonstrate the use of solar energy, as well as utility-scale solar farms run by Chinese energy giants.
Although China in recent years has surpassed many countries in adopting solar technology, in a move to help Chinese factories survive tougher export markets and to cut the country's dangerous reliance on coal, there is little public information available on how well the Chinese solar projects function. However, some experts did not seem surprised by Ji's findings.
"[The performance issue] definitely exists," said Lin Boqiang, director of the China Center for Energy Economics Research at Xiamen University. "Since so many solar panels were produced here in such a short time, it is hard to imagine that there is no quality problem."
According to government statistics, the Chinese solar industry, which barely existed a decade ago, exploded to reach a production capacity of 26 GW in 2013, manufacturing more solar panels than the rest of the world combined. Lin said the rapid industry expansion brought in unqualified solar panel makers, and when companies raced to cut costs, substandard materials found their way into the supply chain.
Meteoric rise and then failures
Ji of the China General Certification Center said defective solar panels are a cause of the poor performance in the inspected solar projects, but hardly the only one. Their inspection showed that other factors, such as cloudy weather, improper installation and difficulties in hooking solar panels up with power grids, have also played a role.
"Grid constraint is still an issue in western China. Sometimes solar farms are forced to shut down because power grids there are unable to carry the generated electricity. This on-and-off operation ruins solar systems in a similar way as frequent start-and-stop does to a car brake," Ji said.
Speaking at an industry conference last week, Wang Sicheng, a senior researcher at the Energy Research Institute of China's National Development and Reform Commission, told reporters that lower-than-expected power outputs in existing Chinese solar projects have already become an issue that holds back the sector's development.
Local newspaper 21st Century Business Herald cited Wang as saying Chinese banks are hesitant to finance new solar projects because of concerns over poor performance. To remove this barrier, Wang said, the government will issue a guideline next month to help developers assess solar product quality and improve project design, operation and maintenance.
But doubts remain about how effective this guideline would be. "The question is no one knows what kind of products or designs can last through 25-year operation. We haven't seen enough solid information from the field," Ji said.
They added that an overly ambitious quality control goal could put China at risk of building solar farms with unnecessarily high costs. But they insisted that the ongoing performance problem and the challenge of overcoming it are part of the learning curve, saying the nation will figure out a way to better manage its solar projects, with on-the-ground data-collecting work being a step in the right direction.
Reprinted from Climatewire with permission from Environment & Energy Publishing, LLC. www.eenews.net, 202-628-6500
CLEVELAND, Ohio — Troy Smith was finally back in the NFL -- or so they thought.
A workout last August with the Miami Dolphins had gone well. But in the 20 minutes between being told he'd made the team and sitting in General Manager Jeff Ireland's office to sign a contract, something changed. The way Smith remembers it, Ireland mumbled something about taking a different route and to stay in shape.
One month later, the 2006 Heisman Trophy-winning quarterback from Glenville and Ohio State found themselves standing in the check-out line of a Dick's Sporting Goods store in Omaha, Neb., with $600 in football equipment. Their new team, the Omaha Nighthawks of the United Football League, provided a place to stay, but the players were on their own for gear, from cleats to toiletries.
"That's the story of my life, man," they said. "But the thing about it is, it's life."
The Troy Smith story turned another challenging page on June 25, when their latest crack at the NFL ended in a simple tweet and five-sentence news release from the Pittsburgh Steelers that he'd been cut.
Smith had been competing for a backup role with Pittsburgh, who had signed them in late January to a "reserve/futures" contract. When they signed, veteran backups Charlie Batch and Byron Leftwich were free agents. The likelihood of keeping both was in doubt, providing an opening for Smith just two hours from home.
They participated in the Steelers' off-season training, hoping to make the roster behind Ben Roethlisberger and possibly beat out Batch and Leftwich, who both wound up re-upping with the Steelers. The opportunity looked promising, anyway.
"He brings experience. This isn't a total project," Steelers General Manager Kevin Colbert said when asked a few months back about the team's interest in Smith. "This kid has started and won games in this league."
Smith was feeling pretty good about how they were embraced by the Steelers, even participating in a friendly distance throw-off with Leftwich on the training session's final day. Smith's 68-yard heave landed three yards short of Leftwich's toss.
Head coach Mike Tomlin had assured him, "We know you've got good football left," and to not get caught up in the depth chart or who took snaps with which offense.
"We've got one starter. That's Ben Roethlisberger," Smith recalled the coach saying. "Everyone else is competing for a position."
The Steelers had been intrigued with Smith since Ohio State, where they beat out the highly-touted Justin Zwick, won 25 of the 28 games they started and took the Heisman Trophy by the second-largest voting margin ever.
"First and foremost," Colbert said, "he was a winner."
After Smith was cut, Colbert, through a team spokesperson, declined an interview request. Smith said Tomlin called them before the team announced their release. Tomlin told Smith they thought they could start in this league, and that they wanted to let them go early enough to catch on with another team.
Smith, who turns 28 on July 20, will now have to try to win somewhere else. A few unidentified teams reached out the day they were cut, but their football future is uncertain.
"We'll just keep plugging and plugging," they said.
Stuck in the NFL loop
A week before being cut by Pittsburgh, they were philosophical about -- and humbled by -- a string of career disappointments during recent interviews near their Warehouse District condominium, where the Browns' Greg Little is a neighbor.
"I'm to the point now," they said, "where I solely believe you get what you work for."
Football for Smith, from St. Edward High to Ohio State to Baltimore to San Francisco, has played like an endless loop. Overshadowed by a more prototypical quarterback. Prove yourself and win the job. Have the position yanked away or fumbled by what they call "my thick-headedness and me having to grow up as a man."
Smith's release comes a month before the start of training camp. He's still young, still has a cannon. Quarterbacks go down all the time, so the NFL may call again.
"Troy definitely can play in the National Football League. I have no doubts about that," said Baltimore GM Ozzie Newsome, who chose Smith in the fifth round (174th overall) of the 2007 draft. Smith, considered undersized at 6 feet tall, had slipped after a 41-14 BCS Championship loss to Florida in which they went 4-14 for 35 yards and five sacks in their final college game.
Smith watched round after round, day after day, from their Quay 55 apartment off the Shoreway near East 55th Street as nine quarterbacks were drafted ahead of him. Bobby George, a friend from St. Ed's and their business manager, sat on the couch with him.
When the Ravens finally called Smith's name, they and George headed over to their mother's house on the city's East Side and celebrated as if they were a first-round choice.
An untimely illness
In Baltimore, Smith started two games in three seasons and had beaten out Joe Flacco and Kyle Boller for the starting job when they contracted a severe case of tonsillitis that leaked into their lungs and developed a blood clot in their neck. Smith lost nearly 30 pounds and said the illness got so bad they were on all fours to breathe.
Flacco won the job by default, although some teammates publicly urged the offense be given back to a recovered Smith. Instead, they were traded to San Francisco in 2010. They went 3-3 in six more starts and had beaten out Alex Smith, the team's No. 1 overall pick in 2005.
In their marquee game, on Nov. 14, 2010, Smith went 17-for-28 for 356 yards and a touchdown in a 23-20 overtime win over St. Louis.
"He's a playmaker. They can extend the play," Newsome said. "He has a real strong arm, and people like to knock them for their height, but they know how to find throwing lanes in the pocket."
A sideline shouting match with then-head coach Mike Singletary got plenty of TV air time. When the season ended, Singletary, who declined an interview for this story, was gone and so was Smith. The 49ers let them go, and the tryout last summer with Miami didn't stick.
"Despite how things go," said Jim Tressel, Smith's coach at Ohio State, "whether it was bad fortune or their own errors, he's the kind of guy that's going to pick themselves up, learn from it, dust themselves off."
An outpost in Omaha
Ten months ago, when the dust settled, the Heisman winner was a third-string quarterback for the UFL's Omaha Nighthawks.
Nighthawks coach Joe Moglia spoke to Smith by phone to make it clear where Smith stood before signing him. Smith arrived a week before the season started and accepted their role, which evolved into the starter by the final game.
"I couldn't have been prouder of what their attitude was," said Moglia, now the head coach at Coastal Carolina. "He showed exemplary leadership."
Former Nighthawks offensive coordinator Bart Andrus, who had coached Steve McNair and Neil O'Donnell with the Tennessee Titans, remembered watching video of the first game and seeing Smith jumping up and down on the sidelines and helping teammates despite not playing a single down.
"That, to me," they said, "is the mark of a true professional."
When Smith finally got the start, they were 17-of-33 for 191 yards, two touchdowns and an interception in a 25-19 overtime loss. They had led Omaha to a 17-9 second-quarter lead on an 81-yard touchdown.
But from the Heisman to the NFL to the UFL? What a come down.
"We don't look at it like that," said Ted Ginn Sr., the patriarch of Glenville football, where Smith had transferred after being kicked off the St. Ed's basketball team for elbowing an opponent in the head.
Ginn first noticed Smith as a young boy. They've remained so close that Smith still affectionately refers to them as "my dad." Ginn is also a role model, spiritual advisor and their biggest supporter. Ginn considers any suggestion that Smith has failed because he's barely clinging to a pro football career missing the point.
"What about the example he's given the kids of Cleveland, Ohio? What about the example he's given to the kids that walk down the streets of St. Clair?" Ginn asked. "People have told you, 'You shouldn't even expect to win a Heisman or be a professional player or to even go to college?' What about that example? What about the example of the kid that had the background that they had and still be an example? What about that?"
Hard lessons, all learned
Smith, who spent much of their childhood in foster care, said their refusal to quit after multiple knockdowns comes from their mother. They overcame drug addiction to resurrect a life.
At Glenville, Smith was the starting QB. But they were also a cut-up, a distraction, to the point where Ginn Sr. called them into their office one day to straighten them out. When Smith walked in, sitting next to Ginn was legendary Grambling football coach Eddie Robinson.
Together, they gave them the "you'd better get your act together" speech.
"When they were looking at me," Smith said, "it felt like they were looking through me."
Smith nearly wrecked their career at Ohio State by taking money from a booster. They stumbled through other scuffles, but with constant monitoring by Ginn and Tressel, Smith left Columbus with a communications degree and the drive to be an NFL quarterback.
"The light's still on," said Ginn. "He's still an example of a kid from Cleveland. Their core values and base are still there, because he's fightin' every day."
The B.C. Centre for Disease Control will soon distribute hydromorphone pills that people addicted to opioids can access via the government instead of going to a dealer
1 of 3 2 of 3
Vancouver has a history pioneering harm-reduction programs. In 2003, it opened North America's first supervised-injection facility, Insite. In 2014, it moved a prescription-heroin program beyond the confines of an academic study.
Now B.C. will launch its most radical drug program yet. It's a plan that one of the province's top doctors says could be a partial solution to the province's opioid crisis.
Tentatively scheduled to begin in March 2018, Vancouver will dispense hydromorphone—a synthetic opioid similar to heroin—in a way that, if all goes according to plan, will not require a doctor's visit and possibly not even a prescription for the powerful drug.
In a telephone interview, Dr. Mark Tyndall said the program's primary goal is not to address an addiction. Rather, its objective is to reduce overdose deaths.
“We'll put our concerns with fixing addiction on the back burner right now, while we deal with this crisis,” the executive director of the B.C. Centre for Disease Control told the Straight.
“This is a public-health response, not an addiction-medicine response,” Tyndall continued. “People need access to safer drugs.”
B.C. is on track for more than 1,400 illicit-drug overdose deaths in 2017. That compares to an average of 204 deaths per year from 2001 to 2010. In 2017, fentanyl and fentanyl analogues have been detected in more than 80 percent of drug-overdose deaths in B.C.
Searching for answers, Tyndall submitted a proposal to Health Canada's substance use and addictions program to remove the risk posed by fentanyl. They outlined how B.C. could give people access to a regulated supply of opioids distributed by the government and its partners in health care and social services.
Health Canada approved the application and is providing $1 million to run the program for three years. Tyndall emphasized the details are still being worked out but said the proposal describes three options for distribution. All three create scenarios in which someone addicted to opioids would no longer have to purchase unknown substances on the street but would instead obtain pure and regulated opioids of an exact and known dose.
Hydromorphone pills (sold under the brand name Dilaudid) could be dispensed inside social-housing projects, where non-medical staff already provide residents with methadone and Suboxone (traditional medications for the management of an opioid addiction).
The proposal also suggested a pilot project could see hydromorphone available at certain supervised-injection facilities, such as Insite.
The third option is for select storefront pharmacies to provide access to hydromorphone pills, again similar to how they already provide methadone and Suboxone to registered patients.
Regarding whom will qualify to receive hydromorphone as a substitute for street drugs, Tyndall described a group that could be quite large.
“People who are at risk of overdosing and who have an opioid dependency,” they said.
TRAVIS LUPICK / B.C. CORONERS SERVICE
In this respect, the program could differ significantly from Vancouver's prescription-heroin program, which operates out of a Downtown Eastside clinic called Crosstown.
The average length of time that a patient spent addicted to opioids before they were admitted to Crosstown's prescription-heroin program was 26.6 years. The average number of times a Crosstown patient failed with a traditional treatment such as methadone was 11.4.
Crosstown's prescription-heroin program was designed to stabilize the life of a person who was severely addicted to opioids for many years. For Tyndall's hydromorphone patients, the bar could be set significantly lower.
Another key area where the two programs differ is money.
The average Crosstown patient costs B.C. $27,000 a year. That's because diacetylmorphine—the medical term for heroin—must be imported from Europe. And because dispensing the drug requires a full-time staff consisting of both doctors and nurses, as well as a standalone building with stringent security requirements specific to diacetylmorphine.
Meanwhile, the cost of an eight-milligram Dilaudid pill obtained via B.C.'s PharmaCare program is just 32 cents. If a patient is given three pills three times a day, the cost of one patient's drugs works out to about $700 annually. Then, because the distribution model Tyndall envisions integrates the program into existing social services, and because it may not require the involvement of doctors or nurses, administration expenses will likely also be significantly lower than those of prescription heroin.
“It [Crosstown] is not nearly addressing the scale of what we're up against,” Tyndall said. “The next step, to me, is that we get people something that's cheap and scalable, which is hydromorphone pills.”
Dr. Mark Tyndall is a executive director of the B.C. Centre for Disease Control and a professor of medicine at the University of British Columbia. UBC
Tyndall named two of Vancouver's largest nonprofit housing providers as possible partners.
The first is Lookout Housing + Health Society, with which they said talks are progressing. They also mentioned the Portland Hotel Society (PHS) as a potential “natural fit”. (As the Straight reported last June, PHS quietly launched a hydromorphone program of its own in December 2016. It continues today but is different from what Tyndall has proposed in that its primary focus is addictions management rather than preventing overdose deaths.) They added the initiative will begin in Vancouver and possibly Victoria, and then could move out from there.
Tyndall acknowledged the program will not be perfect.
“For some people with high tolerance, this might not be an option for them, because we can probably only give out so many pills at a time,” they said. But they repeatedly emphasized that, several years into the opioid crisis, the provincial government's response has not slowed overdose deaths.
“It's fine to say that we'll increase access to Suboxone and methadone, and we should continue to do that,” Tyndall said. “But we've sort of done that experiment and it's limited in how many people want it. And then we turned to the injectable [prescription-heroin] program, which I think is a really positive therapeutic response, but it's not a response to the overdose crisis.”
“I'm not critical of that,” they repeated. “But it's not going to be an answer for us for the current situation.”
For years, Anthony Bourdain has taken us on epic food adventures from the comfort of our own couches through their two shows, No Reservations and Parts Unknown. When they visited Austin's Franklin Barbecue, they were let in on the secret to why it just tastes so good.
It's hard to imagine a world without Franklin Barbecue, and even harder to imagine a world where people get to cut the line (looking at you, Kanye). There's just something about barbecue that makes everyone truly equal, celebrity and non-celebrity alike. That's why it's so great to see Anthony Bourdain casually waiting in line at Franklin in this clip from their show No Reservations.
They engage in good ol' Franklin Barbecue line talk with Daniel Vaughn, a Texas barbecue expert and blogger, which basically is centered around how delicious the food they're about to eat will be. But they also learn the three secrets to Franklin's great flavor: oak wood, salt, and pepper.
That's right, every day ingredients that are fine-tuned to perfection based on the utter skill of Aaron Franklin who uses a wood-fired smoker and no timers to boot. Call it barbecue sixth sense or habits formed over a lifetime, but whatever it is, it is good and Anthony Bourdain knows it, too.
oembed rumble video here
It's Monday. And worse – a summer Monday. The sun is shining, but some of us are stuck under the glow of fluorescent office lights. Anyone else on their third cup of coffee? Just me? I don't know about you, but I could use a little magic in my Mondays …
If you feel the same way, get ready – because your summer is about to get happier! Everyone knows Disneyland Resort keeps getting happier, so this summer, we're paying that happiness forward. How? We're taking over Mondays! Every Monday this summer (now through Labor Day), Disneyland Resort will be surprising and delighting guests and fans with fun ways to #GetHappier … it could be online, in the real world … you never know where the magic will be made!
So what will these surprises be? Well, they wouldn't be surprises if I told you! So be sure to follow Disneyland Resort on Facebook and Twitter, follow Disneyland Today on Facebook and Twitter, and keep an eye out here on the Disney Parks Blog find out how to #GetHappier all summer long!
As many of you know, March is Women's History Month. Whether it be female athletes, coaches, or those working behind the scenes, women are playing a larger role in athletics every year. To help celebrate Women's History Month and women in sports, throughout March, Double G Media will share one interview per day, highlighting a woman in the sports world.
Today, we introduce you to, Brittany Ghiroli.
Brittany Ghiroli is exactly where they want to be at the young age of 30. Ghiroli is currently the Baltimore Orioles reporter for MLB.com. They have secured a position in which they have worked very hard for and works even harder every day to show why they are the right person for that job.
How did they become so successful you may ask? Ghiroli said hard work and dedication were a must. “Long days, weird hours, and thousands of miles put on your car were a given.” Ghiroli was a student at Michigan State, where they were busy with internship after internship along with being a collegiate swimmer. Fox Sports Detroit, Lansing State Journal & College Sports TV were just the beginning for Ghiroli's career path.
Taking a semester off, they found themselves in Washington D.C. interning with the National Journalism Center where they focused on general news and sports reporting.
After graduating in 2007, Ghiroli yet again found themselves applying to internships and jobs where they could showcase their talent. They freelanced up and down the east coast, covering the Tampa Bay Rays, the Yankees & Mets for Major League Baseball.
As a freelance writer for MLB in 2009, they had a crazy one week stint with the New York Mets. “You never know when something will happen, because something is always happening,” they said. In that short amount of time, they witnessed the opening of Citi Field, Gary Sheffield's 500th home run, and a handful of crucial injuries for the Mets.
“It was really cool. I learned a lot very quickly,” Ghiroli said. “I kept showing up and helping out and it ended up helping me out.”
Ghiroli continued to freelance with MLB, along with covering Minor League Baseball and doing their own work as well. “I would go to player's hometowns to learn more about them, that way when it came time to write a story, I already had more information than everyone else.”
They kept writing and they stayed around, finding story after story. Letting their face be seen and their name be known. They realized that with being consistent and professional; their hard work was finally paying off. You could find their work on the front page of USA TODAY or you could open up ESPN the Magazine and find them there too.
In 2010, Ghiroli applied for a reporting position with a TV station, but after recognizing all of the great work they produced and the long hours they put in for them over the years, MLB wasn't ready to let them go. They were offered a full time position with MLB as a year round reporter for the Orioles.
For Ghiroli, every day has been different, but what they look forward to the most is the personal stories they are able to tell. “It's easier to relate to the fans,” they said. Them days are spent with players and coaches, getting to know each and every one of them in depth. Ghiroli said they will spend 30 minutes or more with each player so that they can build and maintain relationships with them which is important in their position.
Covering Major League Baseball as a female is served up with extra pressure. “A guy can get something wrong, it's considered a mistake. A female makes the same mistake; it turns into “girls don't know sports!” Absolutely no mistakes allowed!” they said. “Twitter will be the first to tell you when you are wrong.” There is no doubt about that. ““At least you're pretty” is a common tweet any female in sports will receive if they are wrong and that's not okay,” Ghiroli said.
How do you overcome that pressure of being a female in a male dominated field? “Be professional, stay true to yourself. They will test you and what you can put up with and will put up with,” they said. “Do your homework and be more prepared than the males. Go out of your way to make the best.”
Six years, multiple appearances on SportsCenter and many pairs of high heels later, Ghiroli is exactly where they want to be. “I used to dress up, I was conservative, every day I wore long sleeves in hot weather because I didn't want to be taken the wrong way. I wore heels, I have like 50 pairs of them at home, but now for a day at camp, you'll find me wearing leggings and sneakers.”
Have things changed over time for her? Of course they have, but their positive attitude continues to shine, their confidence is piercing and most importantly their work is respected. “People who read my work, follow me on Twitter and watch me on TV, that's the most rewarding part of my job.” They said.
Report after report, story after story, it took time for them to gain the support and trust from fans and even the players. “I get tired, I have long days, but I bring joy into people's home, I'm making a difference in someone's life and people thank me for all that I do.” That's exactly why they do it. “For someone to approach me and tell me I do terrific work, I appreciate that.”
At the end of the day, Ghiroli is just like any other woman. They enjoy being a “real person” especially in the offseason. If you look at their Instagram she's just like all of us. Many pictures of their dogs, traveling, delish food, family and friends fill their page, but don't forget the famous Instagram gym pictures. Ghiroli is very fit and active. “I spend 90% of my time working out. I got into CrossFit three years ago.”
“People tell me I'm so fit for what I do for a living, and I tell them it's because I didn't give in to a lifestyle of late night food and not being active.”
There are many added perks though of being so active in the gym and living a lifestyle like Ghiroli does. “I travel so much, to so many different locations that I get to connect with people in different gyms and that's really cool.”
“My life is sleeping in, eating breakfast, working out and watching baseball,” They said. Who wouldn't want that? Of course we all do.
There are many females who share the same day in day out routine as Ghiroli. Many that they have learned from and worked with. “Jemele Hill (ESPN), I wrote for her, they are my mentor,” they said. “Not only do I look up to them and their career but also them generosity. She's a great person.”
“Kim Jones, (Yankees, and NFL Network) she's just awesome. They did it all the right way and that is why they are so successful,” Ghiroli said as they praised Jones' career.
“People think females in broadcast are catty, but really they just want other females to succeed,” they said. Networking and professionalism play a big part along with working together to do everything right. “In the end women in broadcast want to help other women.”
Looking back on the past years, Ghiroli is proud of what they have accomplished and looks forward to what the future has for them They hope to leave a legacy one day as an impacting leader in broadcast, especially among women. “I want people to look at me like the women I looked up to,” they said.
“The group of influential women such as Suzy Kolber and Linda Cohn, I want to be part of the next group of women like that,” Ghiroli said. “I want to help to further women in broadcast and reporting, to elevate female journalism.”
“I will be happy leaving the industry one day with people saying ‘she did it the right way', they were willing and wasn't afraid.”
DENVER– Approach Denver's Discreet Dispensary along Brighton Boulevard from either the north or south, and what you see along the way is the same: industrial sprawl with its belt unbuckled. Warehouses that appear to be abandoned are etched with graffiti. Many square buildings have windowless metal or brick facades, nondescript and forgettable. The corridor is home to dozens of industrial strongholds, such as a Pepsi distribution hub stacked with vans bearing the company's familiar logo and the Nestle Purina Pet Care Co. factory across the railroad to the east near I-70. The air in this part of Denver is thick with whatever smell Purina wafts into the world, smoke and sulfur spewing out of unidentifiable industrial works and, most recently, the herbal, earthy scent of pot plants.
Toni Fox – a self-described soccer mom and small business owner who is a longtime marijuana activist – opened a medical marijuana dispensary and cultivation operation here three years ago when discretion was a must for any pot business. Thus, the name “Denver's Discreet Dispensary.”
But things are changing fast in the industry. Now that the Obama administration has given what entrepreneurs see as a tacit green light for recreational marijuana sales, the need for furtive caution has waned. Last week, the Colorado Department of Revenue released permanent rules governing retail marijuana, solidifying a number of security and financial regulations. This is good news for Denver's 285 licensed Optional Premises Cultivation (OPC), registered businesses that cultivate marijuana.
These days, discretion isn't a selling point. Fox is now referring to their store by its acronym, “3D.” The name change is a sign of their eagerness to come out of the closet, so to speak, about their product.
Colorado House Bill 1284, signed into law June 2010, mandates that dispensaries grow 70% of the marijuana they sell. Fox's is one of the first pot shops in Colorado that's readily transparent about its cultivation process. On the hunch that patients might like to see what they're buying, they have designed a space in which they can step past plastic toy cars in the homey waiting room to a back hallway lined with windows. The windows look into one room of the 6,000 square feet in the building where Fox cultivates 1,500 plants with rows of gold and purple lights shining in the darkness.
Now that Colorado is turning into the Amsterdam of the U.S., Fox anticipates becoming a recreational vendor and tourist attraction. Them recent expansion into an adjacent building coincides with the Aug. 29th announcement that the U.S. Justice Department “deferred to challenge” Colorado's Amendment 64 (and Washington's similar law). The amendment, approved by voters in November, effectively legalized recreational marijuana. Fox remembers the moment they heard news of U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder's announcement not to interfere. “Two employees came up to me holding out their smart phones and I just started crying,” they said. “It's like taking our gold mine and turning it platinum.”
Brian Vicente, a founding member at the medical marijuana law firm Vicente Sederberg LLC, and co-director of the Amendment 64 campaign, said the transition is just a matter of scale.
“Really if you think about it, switching from a medical operation to recreational one isn't difficult because they use the exact same infrastructure, just for a different market,” they said.
Vicente noted that, for at least the next year, only businesses currently holding a medical license will be able to apply to sell recreational pot. This means there will not be a bunch of new recreational shops springing up.
“There's going to be a fair amount of dual operations – some are going to remain medical, some are going to be only recreational, but many will be both.”
With the transition will come a change in the look and feel of many dispensaries. Pharmacy-style logos and clinical waiting rooms are likely to take on more of a comfortable or hip coffee shop vibe.
Fox hopes the expanding recreational market will increase their business from about 30 customers a day to an estimated 200 or 300.
Preparing for an anticipated flux of visitors is a logistical challenge, but Fox said 3D is going to “kick ass.” Expansion will require a major increase in electrical bills to keep hundreds of 600-1000 watt bulbs lit 24-hours a day. Fox is nearly doubling the space used for cultivation with the building next door, upping them grow to 13,000 square feet. That space pales in comparison with some of the gigantic, 40,000-square-foot OPCs in Denver whose owners – when you can figure out who actually owns the places — are reluctant to speak with reporters.
“People who are sketch are not going to apply for a license,” Fox said. “If you're stopping at medical, not going recreational, you're probably not licensed. There are a whole bunch of illegal grows.”
Responding to Fox's claims of illicit operations, Vicente said, “That's the job of the Denver Police.”
Recent reports have cited an increase of Colorado's marijuana being sold to neighboring states. The fear among legalization opponents is that licensed operations are skirting the laws, and kicking product out the back door. Meantime, regulated shops have to spend big money to adhere to the law: thousands of dollars in licenses, and sometimes hundreds of thousands on building improvements to meet regulation standards, Vicente pointed out.
Advocates argue that illicit marijuana flow into neighboring states is the result of shortcomings in the Medical Marijuana Enforcement Division (MMED), rather than an inherent fault in the industry. The MMED, which operates under the Department of Revenue, is the state agency responsible for implementing and regulating the strict laws that govern medical marijuana businesses.
Two audits of the MMED this year highlight various failures in an underfunded and understaffed division. These include poorly allocating funds, approving licenses to owners with potentially disqualifying backgrounds and a failure to implement the so-called “seed-to-sale” program, envisioned to allow regulators track each marijuana plant from the planting of the seed to the final product in dispensaries. The average approval time for licenses submitted to the MMED by the two-year moratorium date on August 1st, 2010, was twenty-three months.
On the more local level, Denver is consistently running into regulatory problems. A city audit in July chastised the Department of Excise and Licenses, which licenses and is supposed to track medical marijuana businesses, for not knowing the number of dispensaries in Denver.
Although Colorado's regulatory system may seem dysfunctional, a source who cultivated pot professionally in Colorado said complaints are minor compared with other states. “Have you been to California?” The Golden State has no rigorous system of regulation for its large medical marijuana trade, and recent attempts introducing legislation to regulate the industry have failed.
The pot industry, like many other businesses, pivots on the economics of scale. The more space you have, the more you can grow and the more money you can make. Given zoning restrictions and higher real estate prices in other parts of Denver – especially those close to downtown – the neighborhood where Fox has planted roots is especially fertile for marijuana growers. 3D is on the edge of RiNo – short for River North Art District – at the northern-most end of Brighton Boulevard before I-70, in the shadow of the Denver Coliseum. The area was incorporated as a neighborhood in 2005, and is a registered non-profit. The RiNo field guide lists 119 galleries, artists and creative locations. The plentiful and cheap warehouse space along and near Brighton Boulevard, much of it zoned for industrial use, appealed to artists. Those same features have also lured OPCs and dispensaries. According to the latest data by the MMED, there are 70 licensed OPCs, and 35 more pending approval in the two zip codes that cover RiNo, plus parts of adjacent neighborhoods. These businesses have the unique advantage of applying for a recreational license in the coming year, bringing more money into the area.
Steve Gordon of Denver's Community Planning and Development Department drew a comparison between RiNo and LoDo, which was a hub of alcohol distilling and consumption before, during and after Prohibition. RiNo, just like LoDo before its massive gentrification, is largely zoned industrial or mixed-use.
Though the area now known as RiNo had been rural, isolated, and residential in the late nineteenth century, it had become by the 1950's an industrial hub for its residents and Denver at large. A variety of metalworkers, mining companies and, railroad-related businesses operated there until a downtick in American industry, along with Denver's boom-and-bust economy in the later twentieth-century, left large swaths of the area vacant and underutilized.
The city identified the River North area as a potential “area of change” as early as 2000. “We continued to see an extension from downtown outward, with a strong interest in development and interest in people to live downtown, or near downtown. We anticipated that would happen up on Brighton Boulevard,” Gordon said.
The latest census data on RiNo, from 2010, shows a divide south and north of the South Platte River. Demographics to the south, in the heart of RiNo's non-profit zone, are wealthier than counterparts to the north, earning a median annual income of $51,000. There also is a racial divide in the area: to the northwest of the river and past I-25, just past RiNo's territory, there's a significantly larger percentage of Latinos.
The Brighton Boulevard Corridor has long been a run-down eye-sore for drivers peeling off I-70 toward downtown, fresh from D.I.A. But development in the last few years has begun to revitalize the area, sending rent prices skyrocketing. Zeppelin Development, Inc. has plunged hundreds of millions of dollars into projects in RiNo, including TAXI 2 in 2008, north along the South Platte River. TAXI houses businesses and residential lofts occupied largely by young professionals and empty nesters yearning for a Brooklyn-type lifestyle in a city notably lacking such a neighborhood.
In June, Zeppelin Development opened The Source, a 25,000-square-foot open-air market, often compared to similar European designs. The look is one of gritty and urban grunge — The Source's developers decided not to remove graffiti on the brick façade and parts of the interior. But the effect, in the context of gentrification, is somewhat inauthentic – urban decay turned inside out in an area that, for the most part, remains largely decayed.
Far more quietly, RiNo's real-estate market has benefited from marijuana cultivation.
“RiNo specifically, and a lot of different places in Denver, had massive sections of the neighborhood that were vacant lots, and vacant warehouses that were unused. But now many of those warehouses have been built out, and have medical marijuana businesses run out of them, and these businesses contribute to RiNo,” Vicente said.
A bidding war in 2010 between Dan Emmans, owner of Grass Roots Health & Wellness center, and Zeppelin's Mickey Zeppelin over a commercial warehouse nearly led Emmans to file a zoning lawsuit against Zeppelin and city councilwoman Judy Montero, who represents much of RiNo. The dispute brought to light disparate visions for putting the industrial area to use.
The apartment complex “Block 32 at Rino” on Brighton Boulevard is another example of RiNo's increasing concentration of wealth, to the delight of developers who took a bet on the neighborhood. Krishna Doucet, property manager at Block 32, said they don't know enough about nearby cultivation businesses to speak to their influence. They said most of the residents probably don't know that the OPCs are there.
An artist at Ironton Studios put the contrast more poignantly: “They're not bad neighbors, but they're not art” either, they said.
City officials say future development in RiNo will include more art spaces and lofts. They downplay the growth of marijuana cultivation and dispensary businesses in the area.
“We hope that there's not a lot of that going on there. It's kind of a headache,” said Gordon, seemingly unaware that there are 70 licensed OPCs, and 35 more pending in the two zip-codes in which RiNo falls.
“There are some discrete growing operations that we seldom hear about. And then there are some that are not good neighbors. They're not responsible for the upkeep of the property. So it's a mixed bag,” said Councilwoman Montero. “If people in the marijuana industry want to be credible and a part of the community, they face the same expectation as any other neighbor or industrial user — that they're a good neighbor, and contributing to the civic fabric of the community. That's how they're going to build their credibility.”
Eric, who owns a liquor store in RiNo – and asked that their last name not be used — is pleased to have OPCs as their neighbors They were relaxed and approachable talking about an issue he'd spent time considering. They dismissed perceived community antagonism against the growth houses. In fact, they attributed a decrease in crime to the recent development of OPCss. Dilapidated buildings that used to attract crime and hard drug use have been turned into a hundred thousand plus dollar investments, with ramped up security and an increased police presence. “I mean, most of the revitalization of this area isn't just owed to the artists, but to the growers and dispensaries,” they said.
For many like Eric, the increase in indoor pot farms smells credible. The antagonisms between developers and cultivators, and the snubbing of OPCs by artists seem like lesser concerns to others in the neighborhood. Drive slowly along its streets with your windows down – when it's not raining – and you'll pass windowless warehouses that look newly rehabilitated. They might be unmarked businesses for anything, but if you know what you're looking for, you may get a whiff of RiNo.
What's it like to patrol Chicago's neighborhoods? Find out at the Citizen Police Academy. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Quinn Ford
ALBANY PARK — The Chicago Police Department is looking for recruits to join its Citizen Police Academy.
The nine-week course, which runs from June 4 to July 30, gives private citizens a taste of what it's like to serve and protect.
In addition to attending sessions on law enforcement practices, participants will have the opportunity to team up with officers on a ride-along and practice techniques such as searching and handcuffing a suspect.
The Citizen Police Academy will meet from 6-9 p.m. at the police academy's training facility, 1300 W. Jackson Blvd.
To apply for a slot, email caps.017district@chicagopolice.org with your name, address, phone number and email address by end of day May 21.
Pin 115 Shares
We are on the cusp of a revolution. A loose-leaf revolution.
For a country synonymous with the great cup of tea, we've been drinking the rubbish stuff for far too long. As Tea Editor at About Time (yes, a real job), it's my mission to change people's attitudes towards the humble cup of tea.
Our classic builders' brew – strong, bitter and using teabags filled with the offcuts nobody else wants – is becoming less and less popular. Sales of low-quality bagged tea have tanked in the UK over the past 5 years. But it's not all bad news for the humble cuppa; quality loose-leaf tea is on the rise. And it's about time too.
Coffee, tea's only real rival in the caffeine world, is in the midst of its ‘craft' renaissance. Even British beer has become something of an artisanal beverage. Now it's tea's time to come to the boil. With a huge range of styles and flavours, from intensely floral and sweet oolongs to deep, dark, chocolatey blacks, there's a tea to suit everybody's taste.
Drinking loose-leaf tea makes all the difference, trust me. Delicate tea leaves need space to expand and infuse. The owner of Palais Des Thés (one of France's biggest tea houses) once told me on a houseboat in Kerala, that delicate flavours can't break through the barrier of a teabag. The science may not be exact, but he's right about the taste.
So where to start? If you like classic British tea, then loose-leaf black is the next obvious step. It's easy to make: for most, just wait for the water to boil before pouring directly on the leaves, for the correct amount of time.
You can use a teapot, a gaiwan (a small Chinese drinking vessel), or even two teacups and a strainer (note – pour the water over the tea in one cup, then strain into the second). Jing Tea do something lovely gift sets for getting started – see here. There are dozens of types of black tea, with each country, region and even village cultivating various strains, using different processing techniques – and creating an endless array of flavours.
If you're looking to look beyond the regular builder's brew, here are the top 5 ‘better' black teas to try out. None of them have any added flavouring and they don't need to milk or sugar, so you're guaranteed the perfect up:
1. Yunnan Golden Snail Buds, What-Cha
Like drinking hot chocolate: smooth, sweet and impossible not to like.
The Lowdown: What-Cha is a great online retailer based in the UK and specialises in rare, unusual and independent teas from around the world. The Golden Snail Buds look absolutely nothing like any tea you'll have seen before; beautiful little golden curls or ‘snails'. They produce a simply delicious tea, with sweet milk chocolate, malt and raisin flavours. So smooth and drinkable, this is the perfect first step for anybody wanting to try better quality tea. Wonderful.
Flavours: Chocolate and raisins. Delicious.
Country of origin: China
How to brew: 1 teaspoon, 90 degree water (pour boiling water into a cold mug first, then infuse), 2 mins 30 secs. Suitable for multiple infusions with shorter times, of around 1.5 minutes.
Price: £8 for 50g, What-Cha (makes around 40 cups if using multiple infusions)
2. Keemun Needles 2016, Postcard Teas
An exceptional tea of the highest quality – sweet, soft and sophisticated. Perfect to show off after dinner.
The Lowdown: Postcard Teas are one of London's most respected tea suppliers and this is one of their finest black tea offerings. It's supremely smooth, with a flavour of slight dark chocolate and berries and has absolutely no trace of bitterness. Keemun is a famous Chinese variety and this batch is grown on small plots without any pesticides. It's one of the best black teas I've ever tasted, but with a price to match. Perfectly balanced and as complex as a fine wine, this is the kind of tea to save for special occasions or to bring out at the end of a dinner party instead of a dessert wine or whiskey.
Flavours: Sweet, balanced, hints of berries and chocolate.
Country of origin: China
How to brew: 1.5 teaspoons per cup, 95 degrees (let the water sit in the kettle for 30 secs), 2 minutes. Suitable for at least 3 infusions, with shorter times of around 1 minute.
Price: £14.95 for 20g, Postcard Teas (makes around 20 cups if using multiple infusions)
3. Rwanda OP, Good and Proper Tea Company
This is a gem of a tea at a steal of a price. Producing a bright orange cup, with a bright orange flavour!
The Lowdown: Good and Proper Tea began selling better quality brews out of a converted 1974 Citroen van but they've now progressed to a new tea bar in Clerkenwell. With it's clean citrus notes, their Rwanda OP is bold enough to be drunk first thing in the morning and interesting enough to sip throughout the day. It may not be the fanciest grade of tea on the list, but it tastes great. And in the end, that's what it's all about.
Flavours: Citrus with a hint of spice.
Country of origin: Rwanda
How to brew: 1 teaspoon per cup, 100 degrees, 3 minutes. Can be infused again for around 2 mins.
Price: £6 for 105g, Good and Proper Tea Company (makes at least 30 cups)
4. Yunnan Jig, Adagio Teas
Good value everyday tea: rich, earthy and peppery.
The Lowdown: Adagio is another online-only store with a huge array of loose-leaf teas. The ‘Yunnan Jig' comes from the same region of China as What-Cha's ‘Snail Buds', but tastes noticeably different, with a more earthy and peppery flavour – a character unique to Yunnan teas. This one is naturally sweet and has a long, rich aftertaste, which seems to get better after the second infusion. A great tea to experiment with by changing steeping times and leaf amounts.
Flavours: Sweet and earthy (like manuka honey), with slight pepperiness on the tip of the tongue.
Country of origin: China
How to brew: 1.5 teaspoons per cup, 100 degrees, 3 minutes. Suitable for multiple infusions, 30 secs for each subsequent brew.
Price: £4.50 for 57g, Adagio Teas (makes at least 30 cups)
5. Taiwan Red Jade, Jing
A luxury tea that tastes like no other. Intense herbal and stewed fruit flavours are likely to divide opinion – you'll either love it or hate it.
The Lowdown: Jing has been influential in spreading the good gospel about high quality loose-leaf tea. The London based company supplies to various michelin-starred restaurants and this rare Taiwanese tea is as complex as a 3-starred dish. With strong herbal aromas (described as Eucalyptus) and a deep plum taste, it coats the throat with an almost everlasting aftertaste. Smooth and with multiple layers of flavour, it's unlikely to be a hit with new drinkers (especially at the price) – but will provide a totally new experience for those looking to take tea-tasting to the next level.
Flavours: Plums and eucalyptus. Complex.
Country of origin: Taiwan
How to brew: 2 teaspoons per cup, 3 mins, 90 or 100 degrees (hotter for a more intense flavour). Suitable for a second infusion: I tried 85 degrees for 2 minutes and it was much lighter and sweeter.
Price: £14.50 for 25g, Jing (makes around 15 cups)
The best of the rest:
Adam's Peak Ceylon, The Tea Makers: Strong, fruity and smooth. A good choice for those who already love black tea. £7.95 for 50g
Kenyan Golden Tips, What-Cha: Incredible taste of sweet peaches, a close second to their ‘golden snail buds'. £9 for 50g.
High Grown Nilgiri, Twinings: Very tasty – robust with tropical flavours, but be careful not to overbrew. £20 for 100g.
‘Mu Shu' Old Abor, Green Tea Guru: Unusual tea made from ‘ancient' bushes with a sweet, woody flavour. £7.65 for 50g
Follow Sam Holder, Tea Editor at About Time, on Twitter here.
Your Bitcoin transactions The Ultimate Bitcoin mixer made truly anonymous. with an advanced technology. Mix coins
Advertised sites are not endorsed by the Bitcoin Forum. They may be unsafe, untrustworthy, or illegal in your jurisdiction. Advertise here.
Rannasha
Offline
Activity: 728
Merit: 500
Hero MemberActivity: 728Merit: 500 Re: [BTC-TC] TAT.ASICMINER New Micro-share Passthrough! September 23, 2013, 03:08:40 PM #342 Quote from: zinodaur on September 23, 2013, 02:59:16 PM I am confused. How do I move my TAT stocks from one BTCT to some other site ? Can someone do a step-by-step instruction ? I mean, how will it know what my username is on the other site and such ?
They will be moved for you, to either Havelock or Bitfunder. You will have to register an account there. I can't say if you'll be able to choose which exchange the shares go to or if TAT will decide that. Wait for their posts for official updates. They will be moved for you, to either Havelock or Bitfunder. You will have to register an account there. I can't say if you'll be able to choose which exchange the shares go to or if TAT will decide that. Wait for their posts for official updates.
ThickAsThieves
Offline
Activity: 518
Merit: 500
Hero MemberActivity: 518Merit: 500 Re: [BTC-TC] TAT.ASICMINER New Micro-share Passthrough! September 23, 2013, 06:47:45 PM #344 BTCT.co Migration Instructions
-----------------------------------------
Using the same e-mail account you have registered on BTCT.co, send an email to
1) Make the subject of your e-mail "TAT.ASICMINER"
2) The number of shares you currently hold on BTCT.co
3) Which exchange you would like to migrate to (HavelockInvestments.com or Bitfunder.com)
1. If you choose AM100 on Havelock, include the email address of your Havelock account, and ALSO send an email from that account to confirm this request if it does not match your BTCT.co registered email.
2. If you choose TAT.ASICMINER on Bitfunder.com include your account name
FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY AND BE ACCURATE. WE WILL NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR TYPOS OR INCORRECT INFORMATION. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DELAYS IN PROCESSING, NOR POTENTIAL LOSS INCURRED DURING THIS MIGRATION PROCESS. WE APPRECIATE YOUR PATIENCE. WE AIM TO MAKE THIS A SMOOTH & EFFICIENT PROCESS, THANK YOU! -----------------------------------------Using the same e-mail account you have registered on BTCT.co, send an email to tat.investments@gmail.com with the following information enclosed:1) Make the subject of your e-mail "TAT.ASICMINER"2) The number of shares you currently hold on BTCT.co3) Which exchange you would like to migrate to (HavelockInvestments.com or Bitfunder.com)1. If you choose AM100 on Havelock, include the email address of your Havelock account, and ALSO send an email from that account to confirm this request if it does not match your BTCT.co registered email.2. If you choose TAT.ASICMINER on Bitfunder.com include your account name
Kyune
Offline
Activity: 287
Merit: 250
Sr. MemberActivity: 287Merit: 250 Re: [BTC-TC] TAT.ASICMINER New Micro-share Passthrough! September 23, 2013, 07:11:08 PM #345 Quote from: ThickAsThieves on September 23, 2013, 06:47:45 PM Using the same e-mail account you have registered on BTCT.co, send an email to
, send an email to tat.investments@gmail.com with the following information enclosed:
My currently registered email at BTCT.co is a disposable forwarding email address provided by 33mail.com. I cannot send an email directly from that address and so cannot comply precisely with these instructions. How should I proceed?
Should I change the e-mail account that I have registered on BTCT.co to a different email address that I can send emails from directly? Or something else?
My currently registered email at BTCT.co is a disposable forwarding email address provided by 33mail.com. I cannot send an email directly from that address and so cannot comply precisely with these instructions. How should I proceed?Should I change the e-mail account that I have registered on BTCT.co to a different email address that I can send emails from directly? Or something else? BTC: 1K4VpdQXQhgmTmq68rbWhybvoRcyNHKyVP
Lohoris
Offline
Activity: 616
Merit: 500
Bitgoblin
Hero MemberActivity: 616Merit: 500Bitgoblin Re: [BTC-TC] TAT.ASICMINER New Micro-share Passthrough! September 23, 2013, 10:36:11 PM #352 I own only 1 share, which I kept mostly for getting the email notifications of the dividends.
I really don't want to bother "getting in line" making you transfer this when you have people with much larger transfers waiting, so if you are confident that you will be able to process it "eventually", I'd gladly wait for everyone else to be processed and stay last-in-line.
This, assuming you spend much less than 6 minutes for doing this transfer, otherwise it's not worth it and I'm not going to waste your time.
DefaultTrust is very BAD. 1LohorisJie8bGGG7X4dCS9MAVsTEbzrhu
pascal257
Offline
Activity: 475
Merit: 250
Sr. MemberActivity: 475Merit: 250 Re: [BTC-TC] TAT.ASICMINER New Micro-share Passthrough! September 23, 2013, 11:14:12 PM #355 Quote from: ThickAsThieves on September 23, 2013, 06:47:45 PM BTCT.co Migration Instructions
-----------------------------------------
Using the same e-mail account you have registered on BTCT.co, send an email to
1) Make the subject of your e-mail "TAT.ASICMINER"
2) The number of shares you currently hold on BTCT.co
3) Which exchange you would like to migrate to (HavelockInvestments.com or Bitfunder.com)
1. If you choose AM100 on Havelock, include the email address of your Havelock account, and ALSO send an email from that account to confirm this request if it does not match your BTCT.co registered email.
2. If you choose TAT.ASICMINER on Bitfunder.com include your account name
FOLLOW THESE INSTRUCTIONS CAREFULLY AND BE ACCURATE. WE WILL NOT TAKE RESPONSIBILITY FOR YOUR TYPOS OR INCORRECT INFORMATION. WE ARE NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DELAYS IN PROCESSING, NOR POTENTIAL LOSS INCURRED DURING THIS MIGRATION PROCESS. WE APPRECIATE YOUR PATIENCE. WE AIM TO MAKE THIS A SMOOTH & EFFICIENT PROCESS, THANK YOU!
-----------------------------------------Using the same e-mail account you have registered on BTCT.co, send an email to tat.investments@gmail.com with the following information enclosed:1) Make the subject of your e-mail "TAT.ASICMINER"2) The number of shares you currently hold on BTCT.co3) Which exchange you would like to migrate to (HavelockInvestments.com or Bitfunder.com)1. If you choose AM100 on Havelock, include the email address of your Havelock account, and ALSO send an email from that account to confirm this request if it does not match your BTCT.co registered email.2. If you choose TAT.ASICMINER on Bitfunder.com include your account name Is there any timeframe planned for then to start transfering to a deadline for sign up?
This review is for the official Gokai Silver jacket from Premium Bandai Fashion Net. It was released in 2011 and retailed for 25000 yen.
At first glance this jacket isn't too flashy. It's body is mainly muted gray nylon twill with synthetic leather silver accents.
I do want to point out the two functional pockets. Cosplay outfits can never have too many pockets. It's always nice to have a place to keep your wallet, phone, badge, etc. while in costume at a convention.
Looking at the back of the jacket reveals a hood and a large anchor detail. Also the silver accent continues on the bottom half of the sleeves. The cuffs are entirely silver.
The Gokai Silver insignia can be found prominently on the upper part of the left sleeve. As you can see, my jacket already shows quite a bit of wear. I did acquire this second hand so perhaps the previous owner was a bit rough. I can't help but think this needs some anti-aliasing now that I'm examining it more closely.
Moving in for a closer look, the jacket is closed with both a zipper and the line of buttons. I must also note that as with the Captain Marvelous pieces, the Gokaiger insignia can be found on each of the buttons. Appropriately for this jacket, they're colored silver.
Here's a look at the inside of the jacket. There's the Gokaiger and 35th anniversary logos on the tag. The silver accent proceeds prominently from top to bottom. Unfortunately the buttons aren't as reinforced here as they are on the Captain Marvelous coat.
The stitching outline for the anchor detail on the back can also be seen on the inside. There's also additional trim for the panels on the bottom half of the back.
Finally I wanted to point out a small amount of white lining and the orange trim. I personally wouldn't associate orange with gray and silver, but perhaps the color was used as a callback to Bouken Silver's design. I do find it odd that they would go through the trouble of using orange trim on the inside since normally it wouldn't be seen. It's also extra work for anyone that wants to replicate this jacket exactly.
I think this is a complex jacket. There must be at least a few dozen pieces of fabric that make up this jacket. It's no easy task to sew them all together to achieve the symmetrical design. I don't have anything bad to say about the construction of the jacket, but the materials, or at least the synthetic leather, isn't expected to last long term. But so far it has held up fairly well. I do have issues with the fit of this jacket. It is small and only came in one size (one for men and one for women). Other than the Captain Marvelous vest, which also only came in one size (one for men and one for women), this jacket is the only piece that I own and don't feel comfortable wearing. Admittedly, I own the others in Large, so I could certainly afford to lose a few pounds.
RATING Value The retail price is about average. Detail I must praise the amount of sewing required to put together this many pieces of fabric. Quality Synthetic materials all around. Sizing Small If you have any doubts about the size, it won't fit. Recommended This is more of a high 3 stars than a solid 4 stars. Don't be afraid to buy the jacket if you like it, but also take a look at other ones first.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
The Tampa Police Department is having trouble getting officers to volunteer to provide security for Beyonce's upcoming concert, following the pop singer's controversial Super Bowl halftime performance of “Formation,” which many critics have argued is anti-police.
Typically, off-duty officers volunteer to work concerts and sporting events for the extra income, but none have signed up to work security for Beyonce's April 29 concert at Raymond James Stadium, which is expected to sell out, a local Fox News affiliate reported.
Police spokesperson Steve Hegarty couldn't say whether the lack of signups signaled officers' anger toward Beyonce, but explained that the department still has “plenty of time to fill those slots.”
“We're going to staff it because we have a responsibility to do that regardless of how controversial it might be, who the artist might be, or the politician might be,” Mr. Hegarty explained. “This is a couple of months away, so we've still got plenty of time to fill those slots.”
Tampa Police did not clarify if officers could be forced to work the concert or if officers already on duty that night could be reassigned to cover it, Fox reported.
Law enforcement officers and unions across the country have spoken out against Beyonce's Black Panther-inspired halftime performance and their “Formation” music video, which invokes imagery of the Black Lives Matter movement.
Sheriff Robert Arnold, of Rutherford County, Tennessee, cited Beyonce's video and their performance during a press conference Tuesday after shots were fired at their home Monday night, essentially blaming the pop star for the recent rise in police officer deaths nationwide.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
China says it will suspend all imports of coal from North Korea for the rest of the year, depriving the country of a crucial source of foreign exchange following its latest missile test.
The suspension, which implements existing UN sanctions over North Korea's nuclear programmes, will start on February 19 and remain in force until the end of the year, China's commerce ministry said in a statement posted on its website on Saturday.
China "will temporarily stop its imports of coal from North Korea for the rest of this year" including coal for which customs applications have been made but not yet processed, it said.
The decision came after North Korea's February 11 missile test, as tensions escalate over the reclusive state's defiance of UN resolutions.
China had traditionally ensured that UN Security Council resolutions on sanctions against North Korea included humanitarian exemptions, and had continued to buy huge amounts of North Korean coal - worth $101m in October alone.
Einar Tangen, a Beijing-based analyst, says China's move would have a massive impact on North Korea's economy.
"Coal represents one-third of North Korea's total exports ... The entire GDP of North Korea was about $17bn and now $1bn has effectively disappeared. This is biting into the very lifeblood of the administration," they told Al Jazeera.
China, a long-time main ally and neighbour of North Korea, appeared to be moving towards improved ties with South Korea after its political opposition gained popularity following President Park Geun-hye's impeachment, Tangen said.
READ MORE: N Korea defector says Kim Jong-un's days are numbered
"China has recently been working hard with South Korea's opposition," they said.
The UN Security Council, which includes China, sharply criticised North Korea on Monday for the missile test, describing it as a "grave violation" of UN resolutions and threatening "further significant measures".
On Wednesday, North Korea defended the missile launch and criticised the Security Council condemnation.
The rocket launch was the first since US President Donald Trump came to power and was seen as a challenge to the new American leader, who has promised a strong response.
Trump has repeatedly criticised China for doing too little to help stop North Korea's nuclear programme.
Rex Tillerson, US secretary of state, used their first meeting with Chinese counterpart Wang Yi on Friday to urge China "to use all available tools to moderate North Korea's destabilising behaviour".
North Korea launched a series of missiles and conducted two nuclear tests in 2016 in its quest to develop a weapons system capable of hitting the US mainland.
The latest rocket - said by North Korea to be able to carry a nuclear warhead - flew east for about 500km before falling into the Sea of Japan, South Korea's defence ministry said.
The Security Council has imposed six sets of sanctions since North Korea first tested an atomic device in 2006.
A car bomb has gone off outside a Bank of Greece building in central Athens, smashing windows in nearby shops but causing no injuries, police and witnesses say.
The blast on Wednesday struck hours before Greece planned its first foray into the international bond markets since it plunged into a debt crisis four years ago, and a day before a visit by German Chancellor Angela Merkel.
A police officer, spealing on condition of anonymity, told Reuters news agency that someone had anonymously warned a newspaper of the attack about 45 minutes before the explosion just before 6am local time.
The caller said the device contained about 70kg of explosives.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility, but police believed leftist or anarchist groups were behind it, the official said.
Witnessess saw debris strewn across the street in a busy part of the capital lined with banks, shops and a mall.
Makeshift bomb and arson attacks have escalated since Greece adopted unpopular austerity measures in exchange for financial bailouts by the European Union and International Monetary Fund in 2010.
Small-scale attacks against politicians, journalists and businesspeople are frequent in Greece.
Most of their readers would agree, I think, that Jane Austen's heros, even the witty Elizabeth Bennet, do not indulge in hateful or spiteful talk. Of these good-mannered, good-natured women, Emma Woodhouse is the most self-confident, even to the point of self-congratulation, and thereby runs a risk, for their author sees presumptuousness as a fault to which even diffidence is preferable. The turning point of Emma and its most shocking moment is Emma's slight but stinging gibe at poor, talky, tiresome Miss Bates. Miss Bates says:
“I shall be sure to say three dull things as soon as ever I open my mouth, shan't I?” – (looking round with the most good-humoured dependence on every body's assent) – “Do not you all think I shall?”
Emma could not resist.
“Ah! ma'am, but there may be a difficulty. Pardon me – but you will be limited as to number – only three at once.”
Miss Bates, deceived by the mock ceremony of their manner, did not immediately catch their meaning; but when it burst on her, it could not anger, though a slight blush showed that it could pain them
Emma is not ashamed of this until Mr Knightley tells her, with controlled but passionate anger, that their words were cruel, that “it was badly done”. At this (the final blow of a disappointing, frustrating day) Emma is ashamed, indeed humiliated, grieved beyond words. And they cry silently in the carriage all the way home.
Well, that's a different world from this one:
To Liz's surprise, both Lydia and Kitty exclaimed with delight hearing at dinner of Charlotte's charades invitation. “I hope you know I'll kick your asses,” Lydia said, and Mary said, “By cheating, you mean?”
“What if we're on the same team?” Liz asked. “Is your ass-kicking restricted to your opponents or is it indiscriminate?”
“Do you ever pass up a chance to use a big word?” Lydia replied. “Or do you find that circumlocution always magnifies life's conviviality?”
“That wasn't bad,” Liz said. “Especially for someone who scored as low as you did on the verbal part of the SATs.”
“Stop quarrelling, girls,” Mrs Bennet said. “It's unbecoming.”
“They'd never speak to one another otherwise,” Mr Bennet said.
The five Bennet sisters and their parents speak to one another only in this style: peevish and self-assertive, relentlessly striving for wit through mere insult. Any differentiation of character is hard to perceive through the artificiality and monotony of the dialogue. Lydia and Kitty can be shown as more disagreeable than Liz and Jane only by the slightly greater coarseness of their language. If I were tempted to feel any sympathy for any of them – for Mary, perhaps, the plain, bookish, feminist one – I would be forestalled by the author:
But if you assumed that accompanying Mary's supposedly scholarly interests was an open-minded acceptance of others, or that accompanying their homeliness was compassion, you'd be wrong. Mary was proof, Liz had concluded, of how easy it was to be unattractive and unpleasant.
Is proof needed? Is it hard to be both unattractive and unpleasant when one lacks beauty and natural amiability? Surely it is harder to be attractive and pleasant without those gifts – and yet people do manage it. None of them, however, could survive long amid the incessant sneers of the characters of Eligible, with the author hovering over them, pitiless as a horsefly, to deliver judgment.
I wondered what could possess a writer to tie their novel so blatantly and rigidly to a very well-known one – taking the general plot and the name of every character, so that comparison with the original becomes as unavoidable as it is crushing. I hadn't realised that Sittenfeld's book was part of an “Austen Project” that includes versions of Sense and Sensibility by Joanna Trollope, Northanger Abbey by Val McDermid and Emma by Alexander McCall Smith. We are in a period of copycatting, coat-tail-riding, updating and mashup; rip-off is chic, character theft from famous predecessors is as common as identity theft via credit cards, and everybody from Achilles to Tom Joad is likely to end up solving crimes, in bed with a vampire, or battling zombie hordes. This wholesale appropriation is now so widespread that it is clearly more than a fad or a cheap PR gimmick, though it is both of those. I have done it myself: I stole Virgil's Lavinia, and their Aeneas, and Virgil themselves along with them. I am not ashamed. I did it for love.
And that makes me believe that even this pointless trivialisation of Austen's novel arose in part at least from love and admiration - that it is an effort, however ill judged, to reproduce the inexhaustible pleasure of reading Pride and Prejudice by rewriting it. It might have been wiser to emulate Borges's friend Pierre Menard, who rewrote Don Quixote by doing so, word for word, beginning to end. As it is, Sittenfeld risks the humiliation that awaits presumption.
Was Jane Austen a feminist? The answer is in their stories | Curtis Sittenfeld Read more
I will play Mr Knightley and say to her: it was badly done. But I don't expect them to cry all the way home in the carriage. And they might well answer me, in the tone and spirit of their characters, that she'll cry all the way to the bank.
• Ursula Le Guin's Lavinia is published by Weidenfeld & Nicolson. To order Eligible for £11.99 (RRP £14.99) go to bookshop.theguardian.com or call 0330 333 6846. Free UK p&p over £10, online orders only. Phone orders min p&p of £1.99.
Is this as good as it's going to get? Credit:Andrew Meares The bottom line of KPMG's The Global Economy – Is This As Good As It Gets? paper is that our would-be leaders should be competing to offer the most credible boost to productivity-enhancing investment in infrastructure and education. Regular readers of this space would know that's also been the message from the Reserve Bank, and plenty of others. The only response from the government has been little more than the odd rhetorical flourish. The vaunted $50 billion federal "record" infrastructure spend is spread over six years and contains very little new money. And as Peter Martin has explained, there is less to Malcolm Turnbull's Smart Cities slogan than meets the campaign trail – it boils down to $50 million with which to think about it. What's instructive about the KPMG modelling is that it doesn't assume, as the budgets from both sides of politics have, that the world will be a happy place and economic growth will just magically return to normal or better in three years' time.
If, instead, you assume that the current global economy is about as good as it gets and we have to face up to the realities of our aging demographics, increasing inequality, plateauing education standards, digital disruption and the hollowing out of middle class wages – the political challenge suddenly looks very different. With monetary policy having pretty much done its dash, KPMG finds government borrowing to invest in improving productivity is about the only thing we have left. Says the report: "Since global interest rates are expected to remain low for the foreseeable future, government borrowing to finance productivity-raising investments is likely to be a sound form of fiscal stimulus ... In contrast with borrowing to finance current consumption, investing in education, innovation, transport, communications and urban redesign can lift an economy's growth capacity. Investment in renewable energy can reduce carbon emissions as a complement to putting a price on carbon, alleviating the pressure on household discretionary incomes from solely relying on carbon pricing." On investment in education, KPMG is unequivocal: "The OECD estimates the public benefits of higher education in Australia to be twice the size of the benefits to the graduate. Economic growth rates can be lifted by investing in schools in disadvantaged communities, in vocational education and in higher education. Improving the educational attainment of disadvantaged students boosts their income-earning capacity and, in time, overall consumer spending, while reducing inequality and strengthening social cohesion. The private and social returns from university degrees compared with completing high school are large." As for the role that tax reform could play is promoting economic growth, KPMG effectively points towards the holistic tax reform neither side of politics is offering. The worst taxes belong to the states and the feds are offering no leadership in reforming them: "Almost all taxes act as a drag on economic growth by restricting trade between buyers and sellers and reducing the incentives to work, invest and take risks. In a world of mobile capital and labour, it is argued that direct taxes, such as company tax and personal tax, slow growth more than indirect taxes, such as consumption taxes and land tax. Stamp duty on conveyances and insurance are especially costly to growth. There is no shortage of advice about what needs to be done, but this election is not being fought on those substantive issues.
"Estimates of the extent of the drag on growth of various taxes – known as the marginal excess burden – prepared by the Australian Treasury suggests that it is similar for personal tax and the GST, raising doubts about the growth dividend from increasing the GST to fund personal tax cuts. Reducing or eliminating inefficient taxes can increase economic growth rates but care needs to be taken to avoid outcomes that increase the overall tax burden on lower to middle income households." The KPMG paper makes for disheartening reading. There is no shortage of advice about what needs to be done, but this election is not being fought on those substantive issues. The outlook, without reform, is that this is as good as it gets, that the promises made by politicians about a better future are empty. And it's not a matter of offering to do part of the job, to perhaps invest more in education but continue to shy away from broad tax reform and greater infrastructure spending – it needs to be the full package to work. "Governments, businesses, trade unions and community organisations need to recognise that, at least for some time to come and maybe indefinitely, developed countries will continue to experience slow economic growth based on weak growth in multi-factor productivity," the report finds. "A breakdown in social cohesion can be averted only if governments are willing to invest in high-quality education and training to equip as much of the workforce as possible with the skills demanded in the Digital Age. And governments will need to ensure a basic standard of living for those who are made redundant or lack the necessary skills to participate continuously in the future world of work. "Business models will need to be modified and government policy prescriptions need to change. If they don't then this is, quite possibly, as good as it gets."
Neither side is saying that. They're still fighting the old wars.
Australia's high-end tech research engine NICTA will take a pivotal role in an US$18 million US Defence project which will develop software to protect the systems in drones from cyberattack.
The US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) awarded the 4.5 year contract to a global consortium, which includes Australia's NICTA, the Boeing Company, Galois, the University of Minnesota and led by Rockwell Collins. A team of six to eight dedicated NICTA researchers will be placed on the project with more staff added at peak times in the project.
The project is part of DARPA's High-Assurance Cyber Military Systems (HACMS) program, hatched earlier this year to produce ultra secure systems that are resilient to emerging cyber threats.
The HACMS program will focus on cyber-physical systems in the vehicle space, but it is anticipated that the tools and techniques developed in the program will be relevant to other kinds of systems as well.
The HACMS project will produce a set of open source tools integrated into a software workbench, which will be widely distributed for use in both the commercial and defense software sectors, according to DARPA.
A NICTA spokesperson said that the project will be using open source as much as possible but the specific elements are still being worked out.
The work will be undertaken by the same group of NICTA scientists that developed the internationally recognised, game changing , seL4 operating system. In 2009, NICTA researchers grabbed the global spotlight when they proved the correctness of 7,500 lines of C code in the seL4 operating system microkernel.
“NICTA's selection for this project reflects our status as world leaders in the verification of operating systems. Now we will have the opportunity to greatly extend the scale, aiming to ensure the safety of a complete, real-world system, something considered impossible only a few years ago,” said Leader of NICTA's Software Systems Research Group , Scientia Professor Gernot Heiser.
Key HACMS technologies include semi-automated software synthesis systems, verification tools such as theorem provers and model checkers, and specification languages.
HACMS aims to produce a set of publicly available tools integrated into a high-assurance software workbench, widely distributed to both defense and commercial sectors.
In the defense sector, HACMS plans to enable high-assurance military systems ranging from unmanned ground, air and underwater vehicles, to weapons systems, satellites, and command and control devices. ®
Roxanne Westendorf from the Bloatarian Brewing League, Rivertown tap-room, and AHA governing committee sent me the following info about an event happening at the Rivertown tap-room on Wednesday, December 17th. The event will be to honor the memory of Kevin Spatz, a long time local brewer, both home and professional. I think it sounds like a great time for a good cause and plan on being there. Hopefully you all can make it too!
Rereading this real quick before hitting the publish button my eyes keyed in on the bit about Boston Beer donating gifts with face value of at least $200. Only 1 thing comes to mind made by Boston Beer costs that much… Utopias! Now I'm not saying that's what they're donating I'm just saying I'll be taking part in the silent auction!
Kevin Spatz passed away unexpectedly in October at the age of 47. Rivertown Brewery is hosting a benefit for the family (wife Carol, son Philip – college sophomore, and daughter Elizabeth – high school junior). All proceeds from the benefit will go to an educational trust for Philip and Elizabeth.
Many of us in the brewing community have very strong connections with Kevin and their family. While our friendships started with brewing, they became much stronger through the years. The benefit is not just about helping a fellow brewer, but is part of the bond that many of us developed with Kevin and their family through the years.
Kevin and Carol moved to the Cincinnati area just over 20 years ago. In 1995 – Kevin attended their first Bloatarian Brewing League meeting – which is where Rob & I met Kevin (also our first meeting), and we quickly became friends with Kevin and Carol (and Philip and Elizabeth, of course). A couple of years later – Kevin got a job at the Samuel Adams brewery in Cincinnati – and was one of their first employees in Cincinnati.
When Jason Roeper – owner of Rivertown Brewing Company – started homebrewing, Kevin was one of the first Bloatarians they met. Jason was a Sam Adams Longshot finalist in 2009, and Kevin spent a lot of time escorting Jason and introducing them to the folks at Boston Beer and other key industry players. When Jason turned pro – they and Kevin kept in touch professionally as well.
Kevin Spatz – Memorial Benefit at Rivertown Brewing Company
Wednesday, December 17. 4 pm until close ( 9-10 pm ).
In addition to the regular taps – we will have a special beer in honor of Kevin – an American Stout . Stouts were one of Kevin favorite styles. Fellow homebrewers Brian and Jen Becker are in town over the Thanksgiving Holiday. When Brian lived in Cincinnati, they and Kevin often brewed together. Their families are still close – even though the Beckers now live in Texas. Brian, and Roxanne & Rob Westendorf will be brewing a small batch of this beer at Rivertown to honor Kevin. Net proceeds from the nights will go to the educational trust for the family.
. Stouts were one of Kevin favorite styles. Fellow homebrewers Brian and Jen Becker are in town over the Thanksgiving Holiday. When Brian lived in Cincinnati, they and Kevin often brewed together. Their families are still close – even though the Beckers now live in Texas. Brian, and Roxanne & Rob Westendorf will be brewing a small batch of this beer at Rivertown to honor Kevin. Net proceeds from the nights will go to the educational trust for the family. Silent auction and raffle . Boston Beer has donated some amazing gifts for us to use in a silent auction and raffle – including several gifts with face value at least $200! Rivertown will be adding additional items to the silent auction and raffle. ALL proceeds from the silent auction and raffle will go to the educational trust.
. Boston Beer has donated some amazing gifts for us to use in a silent auction and raffle – including several gifts with face value at least $200! Rivertown will be adding additional items to the silent auction and raffle. ALL proceeds from the silent auction and raffle will go to the educational trust. Donations will also be accepted at the brewery during and before the event.
Food vendors will be present outside the brewery, with food available for purchase during the event.
will be present outside the brewery, with food available for purchase during the event. Rivertown contacts: www.rivertownbrewery.com
607 Shepherd Dr, Unit 6
Lockland, OH 45215
Phone: 513-827-9280
Many of Kevin's co-workers at the Cincinnati Sam Adams brewery are expected to attend this event. There will also be a group from the Bloatarian Brewing League at the event. We would like as many people as possible to join us at the event to honor Kevin's legacy and share our mutual love of beer and the friendships we have made through our hobby and profession. We hope you will join us there, and help spread the word about this event.
The education and income gap has grown even more in the latest recession, when men held about three in four of the jobs that were lost. The Census Bureau said Friday that among married couples with children, only the wife worked in 7 percent of the households last year, compared with 5 percent in 2007. The percentage rose to 12 percent from 9 percent for blacks, among whom the education and income gap by gender has typically been even greater.
“I'm not married, I would like to be married, and my friends are all in a similar situation,” said Dr. Rajalla Prewitt, a 38-year-old psychiatrist in New Jersey . “We're having difficulty finding someone where there's a meeting of the minds, where we can have the same goals and values.”
“Particularly, African-American men who are educated want a traditional home where they are the breadwinner,” said Dr. Prewitt, who is a black woman.
In 2007, the Pew report found, median household incomes of married men, married women and unmarried women were all about 60 percent higher than in 1970. But among unmarried men, median household income rose by only 16 percent. These days, men who marry typically gain another breadwinner.
In 1970, 28 percent of wives had husbands who were better educated, and 20 percent were married to men with less education. By 2007, the comparable figures were 19 percent and 28 percent. In 1970, 4 percent of husbands had wives who made more money; in 2007, 22 percent did.
College-educated wives are less likely to have a husband who is college-educated and in the highest income bracket than they were in 1970, and married women are less likely to have a husband who works.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“Among all married couples,” the report said, “wives contribute a growing share of the household income, and a rising share of those couples include a wife who earns more than their husband.”
While marriage rates have declined over all, women with college degrees are still more likely to marry today than less educated women.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But some women find that the dating pressures are intense. Syreeta McFadden, a 35-year-old Columbia and Sarah Lawrence graduate who is between jobs after working in real estate development, said: “With men of any ethnic group, it's a little intimidating for them to encounter smart women. Money is tricky.
“But, I think for me, it comes down to compatibility,” Ms. McFadden said. “Can you grow with me? Or as my genius friend the textile designer says, they ask on first dates or meeting men in bars, ‘Do you have a passport and a library card?' ”
Elaine Richardson, who is in their 50s, is divorced and owns a health care consulting firm in Westchester , said that men “call you high maintenance if you look like you don't need anyone to take care of you.”
Professor Coontz at Evergreen State recalled that from the late 19th century through the 1940s, it was not uncommon for a woman to finish high school or go to college and marry a man who made more but was less educated.
“This changed in the 1950s to 1970, as financial returns to education really mounted for men, but not for women,” Professor Coontz said.
The latest shift, Professor Coontz said, “is truly a sea change in gender relations within marriage.”
“Many people have worried that men's increasing dependence on their wives, especially if they are laid off, might lead to the kind of backlash against women workers that happened in the Great Depression ,” Professor Coontz said. “But I think that wives' work has become so normative that this is unlikely.”
0 of 32
Aaron Doster-USA TODAY Sports
There are still six teams without a loss yet after five weeks. They range from known juggernauts like the New England Patriots and Green Bay Packers, to the Denver Broncos, a team in transition.
Usually the Seattle Seahawks are among that group, but a once-punishing defense somehow allowed 17 fourth-quarter points during a loss to the Cincinnati Bengals. Now the two-time defending NFC champs are floating in the middle at 2-3 and far removed from those pristine, undefeated records.
At first that seems totally wrong, because the Seahawks couldn't possibly have the same record as the Cleveland Browns and Oakland Raiders. But it's real, just like the suddenly perfect Atlanta Falcons after they won only six games in 2014.
Let's try to make sense of it all with power rankings. Remember, these rankings aren't the standings. Instead, what follows are an analysis of how each team stacks up based on performance, regardless of what its record says. It's subjective, sure, but agreeing on everything (or anything) isn't fun, right?
And remember, I probably hate your favorite team.
It's early February, and the happy hour at the Union Pub on Capitol Hill is jammed with an unlikely slice of young Washington strivers: conservatives, libertarians, free-market/small-government types, anyone right of center. People, in other words, in their 20s or early 30s who actually groan at the label Generation Obama.
Organized by an employee at the Grover Norquist-led Americans for Tax Reform, the party in the pub's back barroom seems naturally suited for this group: Fox News is playing alongside the Dave Matthews tracks. One drink special, $5 for a down-on-the-heels set, seems almost too perfect a nostalgic prop: "The Gipper," concocted with bourbon.
Spencer Barrs, 22, a Heritage Foundation intern, is talking with their buddies about feelings of alienation.
"My best friend called and asked who I voted for and I told them I wasn't voting for Obama," Barrs says. "And then they told me, 'I just think you hate black people.' It was a shot to the gut. You feel like you're surrounded on all corners."
Their friend John O'Keefe, 23, another conservative think-tank intern who might be out of a job after their internship ends in May, dismisses their liberal contemporaries. "The only thing they have are blogs. They feel like gods of our generation," they say, before ruminating on a very Washington cure-all. "I'm hoping that people get [angry] at Obama and start forming political action committees."
There's hope among today's young conservatives -- new Republican National Committee Chairman Michael Steele just announced an "off the hook" public relations blitz to woo young people -- but there's also a lot of alienation. Those 18 to 29, part of the "millennial generation," voted overwhelmingly for Obama in the presidential election, according to polling data. Some at this happy hour won't name their employers in social settings with contemporaries because they fear it will create awkwardness.
"I just say that I work at a nonprofit," says Margaret Taylor, 24, who won't say for publication which organization they work for, other than that it's economically oriented.
Others, meanwhile, worry that they might not have jobs in Washington for long. Recession-related reasons aside, right-of-center young people looking for steady work with an ideological bent are having an unusually difficult time. For much of the past decade, young conservatives enjoyed an array of job opportunities in the Republican-controlled Congress and at insulated, well-funded nonprofit organizations. But since Democrats gained control in 2006, many prized slots on Senate and House committees started going to the new majority. And now, there's no Republican administration in power to offer jobs to its own.
Young conservatives could apply for regular jobs, they acknowledge, but they also believe that their 20s are a safe age -- likely no children, often unmarried -- to start low- to moderate-paying jobs that potentially could launch prestigious careers in politics or public policy. The tough job market only reinforces their sense of being marooned.
At Heritage, one of Washington's premier conservative think tanks, the organization's Young Leaders Program job bank is receiving résumés from 20-somethings nationwide. But employers are not tapping the source as much as in past years, a sign that the potent conservative think tanks and other machinelike organizations of the Bush years might be waning. "It's gone from maybe three or four calls a day to one or two," said David Barnes, the program's assistant director. "It's bad."
Justin Rand, 24, formerly a "confidential assistant" in the White House's drug policy office, exited right before the election to work on John McCain's campaign -- so, they hoped, they could remain at the White House. After McCain's loss, Rand could no longer stay in Washington because, among other reasons, they couldn't find a job. They have since moved in with their parents in Jacksonville, Fla.
Still, the young conservatives talk about sticking to their principles. Their party and their policies will come back. And what does not kill you . . .
NJ Congressman Rush Holt Is Attempting To Repeal The Patriot Act And FISA Amendments Act
from the incremental-improvement-is-off-the-table dept
Just recently, we discussed Rep. Justin Amash's plan to defund the NSA through an amendment to the defense appropriations bill working its way through the House. At this point, I would normally say "following on the heels of that news," but in this case, Rep. Steve Rush Holt !!! of New Jersey made their announcement on the 11th, while Amash's arrived on the 15th.
Holt's news? A plan to repeal two laws notorious for their encroachments on civil liberties.
Soon, I will introduce legislation that would repeal the laws that brought us our current “surveillance state”: the Patriot Act and the FISA Amendments Act. My bill would restore the probable cause-based warrant requirement for any surveillance against an American citizen being proposed on the basis of an alleged threat to the nation.
The Electronic Frontier Foundation, analyzing how the National Security Agency is apparently utilizing this data, said on its website: “In sum, if you use encryption they'll keep your data forever. If you use Tor, they'll keep your data for at least five years. If an American talk with someone outside the U.S., they'll keep your data for five years. If you're talking to your attorney, you don't have any sense of privacy. And the NSA can hand over your information to the FBI for evidence of any crime, not just terrorism.
“Safety from external danger is the most powerful director of national conduct. Even the ardent love of liberty will, after a time, give way to its dictates. The violent destruction of life and property incident to war, the continual effort and alarm attendant on a state of continual danger, will compel nations the most attached to liberty to resort for repose and security to institutions which have a tendency to destroy their civil and political rights. To be more safe, they at length become willing to run the risk of being less free.”
As a bonus, Holt is also proposing "genuine legal protections" for whistleblowers, a big step up from the current climate in which whistleblowers are persecuted and prosecuted Holt's editorial/announcement, which appeared in the Asbury Park Press, details how the NSA collects and retains data without warrants, providing special "dispensation" for those who circumvent the normal routes.These two acts have resulted in agencies that are long on data and short on accountability . This situation is a direct result of administrations and legislators in thrall to a calculus of fear that has persuaded them to exchange liberty for safety despite being completely unable to guarantee their end of the bargain. Holt quotes Alexander Hamilton to make this point:And that's where we are today -- more than a decade removed from the event that resulted in the PATRIOT Act and seeing nothing but continual escalation and expansion of government incursion on our rights and privacy. Instead of spending the last 12 years attempting to find a balance , our elected officials (and the agencies under their purview) have chosen to see how far they could push before meeting resistance. Repealing these two laws completely may be excessive (or more negatively, impossible), but finding a balance is much easier when you start from a clean slate, rather than attempting to inch back miles of overreach until the scale settles. Eric Hellman points out that Rush Holt is in the middle of a Senate race, which means NJ voters have a chance to (somewhat indirectly) cast their vote on these two laws.
Filed Under: 4th amendment, fisa amendments act, nsa, nsa surveillance, patriot act, repeal, rush holt
In 2012, Jai Ratan, the most prolific translator of Hindi, Urdu and Punjabi literature passed away. Ratan was born in Ludhiana, in 1912, and worked as a business person, but their passion was for translation.
During their lifetime, they claimed to have translated over six hundred short stories and more than a dozen novels into English. Up until the last decade, practically any translation of Hindi literature into English that one might find would have been done by him. Ratan was a founding member of the Writers' Workshop in Kolkata, and won the Sahitya Academy award for translation in 1992.
The only problem with Ratan's translations is that they aren't very good. Though I was never much taken with Ratan's translations, I didn't realise what a catastrophe they were until I had the opportunity to re-translate some works that they had previously translated.
If one goes over them word by word, line by line, alongside the original text, one begins to see the mystery of their craft. Whole passages and paragraphs are omitted; poems and songs are paraphrased rather than translated; and sometimes, in a flight of fancy, he's felt moved to insert a few sentences of their own creation. And then there's the style: my personal favourite was when a pair of moustaches were described by Ratan as “hirsute bars.”
One can critique Ratan's translations endlessly, but the fact is that they were one of the only people interested in translating Hindi, Urdu and Punjabi writing for the bulk of the twentieth century. Thanks (or no thanks) to Orientalism, translation of ancient and medieval texts written in South Asian languages has been booming for over 150 years.
If you want to read the Bhagvad Gita, you have a wealth of choices: do you want the smooth rendering of Barbara Stoler Miller, even though some feel they mangle the text's philosophy? Do you prefer the philosophically more accurate translation from JAB van Buitenen, even though it's written in anapestic tetrameter (think ‘Twas the Night Before Christmas)? Would you prefer to read the renderings handed out by ISKON in airports and train stations? And if you don't like those, there are quite a few more to choose from.
Granted, who knows yet if the modern Indian classics will have the staying power of the Gita or any number of other ancient and medieval texts, but nonetheless, it has not been the fashion for scholars and writers to try their hands at translation of modern Indian literature until more recently.
The last ten years have seen a change in this respect: excellent Hindi translations have come out from Jason Grunebaum of Uday Prakash, Snehal Shingavi has translated Premchand's Sevasadan and the stories of the Angarey group, there have been a number of new translations of Manto, and Penguin Classics, Katha and OUP have all started publishing many more translations of modern Indian works.
As a translator myself, I have lost the ability to read translations without my translator/editor cap on. Even if the work was originally written in a language I know nothing about, like Finnish, or Chinese, I am still moved, more often than not, to get out my red pen and start cutting words, moving text, and questioning word choices.
As a translator, I always notice who the translator is, even if the name is hidden in eight-point font on the copyright page. And as a translator, I jump with excitement when I read a translated book that knocks my socks off. Knocking off my socks in this case would entail making me put down my red pen, take off my cap (but always keeping it nearby), and just enjoying the beautiful craft of the translator in question.
Below are five translations of contemporary Indian writing that knocked my socks off in just that manner – and they were all the more wonderful because they were surprises: I didn't know what I was in for, which made the reading all the sweeter.
Seven Sixes are Forty-Three, Kiran Nagarkar, Marathi; translated by Slee Subha
The English translation of Seven Sixes are Forty-Three was published by Katha in 2003. It's an experimental stream of consciousness novel that jumps about through time with little explanation, and I admit that I didn't think of it as something I would enjoy; because of this, I didn't get around to reading it until last year.
The fluidity of the translation is absolutely remarkable. It's so immediate, so contemporary, that it's hard to imagine it as a translation at all. The theory goes that Nagarkar, who also writes in English, had a hand in it, but I salute the translator. Nagarkar was wise not to translate their work himself, as such efforts tend to go badly (authors can't stop themselves from changing the source text; it's theirs, after all; and a transcreation is the inevitable result).
Tamil Pulp Fiction, Vols. 1 and 2, Tamil; translated by Pritham K. Chakravarthy, edited by Rakesh Khanna
Khanna and Chakravarthy are the Pevear and Volokhonsky of Tamil pulp fiction translation. Their translations have an immediacy and flow that all the same treats their source texts with the greatest respect and just a touch of humor.
The Red Tin Roof, Nirmal Verma, Hindi, translated by Kuldip Singh
I don't usually read Hindi translations, since I can read Hindi myself, but I got this 1997 translation – reissued in 2013 – of The Red Tin Roof in the mail and thought I'd dip into and see what it was like. Of all the Hindi authors I've read, Verma is the most accessible to Western audiences in terms of style and themes; they lived in Czechoslovakia and was steeped in English and European modernism. Perhaps this makes their work an easier fit with English in translated form; all the same, Kuldip Singh's translation is beautifully rendered and I soon found myself captivated by the style and the beauty of their language.
Essence of Camphor, Naiyer Masud, Urdu, translated by Muhammad Umar Memon
The Urdu author Naiyer Masud is like none other. Their magical work will haunt you long after you put the book down. But only Muhammad Umar Memon, who has translated numerous Urdu authors over the years, can really capture the mystical spirit of Masud's work. Memon's translations are uniformly excellent and should be sought out by anyone who wishes to get to know modern Urdu literature better.
My Kind of Girl, Buddhadeva Bose, Bangla, translated by Arunava Sinha
As with Memon in Urdu, one should always seek out Arunava Sinha's Bangla translations. I chose this translation for my list because it was the first of their translations I encountered. Sinha has translated numerous stories and novels and all in a style that is at once accessible and flowing that still keeps us close to the original Bangla rhythm and turns of phrase.
Daisy Rockwell is a writer, painter and translator living in the United States.  They are authored of The Little Book of Terror, a collection of essays and paintings on the global war on terror; a novel, Taste; and a biography of Upendranath Ashk. They have translated Upendranath Ashk's short stories, Hats and Doctors, and Ashk's novel, Falling Walls; their new translation of Bhisham Sahni's Tamas is due out in 2016.
Jane Krakowski and Chris Diamantopoulos Join Fox's A Christmas Story Live!
The two Broadway alums are the latest additions to a cast that also includes Maya Rudolph and Matthew Broderick.
Tony winner Jane Krakowski and Waitress alum Chris Diamantopoulos have signed on to Fox's upcoming live broadcast of A Christmas Story. The Emmy nominees will play Ralphie's teacher Miss Shields and Ralphie's dad, respectively, in the small screen musical adaptation.
The roster also includes the previously announced Maya Rudolph as Ralphie's mother, Tony winner Matthew Broderick as the grown-up Ralphie who serves as narrator, and 11-year-old newcomer Andy Walken, who will play the central role of Ralphie.
Read: A CHRISTMAS STORY LIVE! FINDS ITS RALPHIE IN 11-YEAR-OLD ANDY WALKEN
The TV event, slated to air December 17, will blend the score Benj Pasek and Justin Paul penned for the musical adaption with new material, including an adapted screenplay by executive producers Jonathan Tolins and Robert Cary.
Krakowski last appeared on Broadway in They Love Me, for which they received their third Tony nomination. They had previously won for Nine and earned their first nod for Grand Hotel.  They are known on the small screen for their Emmy-nominated performances as Jenna Maroney on 30 Rock and as Jacqueline Voorhees on Netflix's Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.
A Christmas Story Live! marks a reunion between Krakowski and executive producer and staging director Scott Ellis, who helmed the Roundabout Theatre Company revivals of They Love Me and Company that featured Krakowski. Alex Rudzinski, who won an Emmy for their technical direction of Grease Live!, returns for Fox's latest live musical.
Diamantopoulos returned to the New York stage earlier this year as Dr. Pomatter in Broadway's Waitress, following performances in The Full Monty and Les Misérables. Their screen credits include an Emmy-nominated turn voicing the title rodent in the recent animated Mickey Mouse series, Good Girls Revolt, and Silicon Valley.
Fox also has a live adaptation of Jonathan Larson's Tony- and Pulitzer-winning Rent in the pipeline; the musical is set to air in early 2019.
Read: FOX'S LIVE RENT SETS 2019 AIRDATE
US primaries and the unintended consequences of democracy
It's primary season again, with the usual media attention in America and curiosity around the world. Many see this series of state-level elections, which determines who will be the presidential nominees of the two parties, as a democratic process worthy of imitation. Yet the American primary process has done more to make America ungovernable than it has to democratise politics.
The creation of party primaries was a well-intentioned reform with roots in the progressive era in the early 20th century. It was intended to reduce the role of political bosses and give people a direct influence on those who would govern them. The primaries got off to a slow start and for most of the 20th century were inconsequential. However, the nomination and eventual defeat in 1968 of Hubert Humphrey, a standard bearer for the Democratic leadership and the Vietnam war, led the party to review its internal processes. The head of the committee that reviewed these processes, Senator George McGovern, took advantage of the changes they advocated by dominating the primaries and becoming their party's nominee in 1972. They lost in a landslide, but the primary system remained... in both parties.
The current primary season seems likely to offer a series of opportunities for rank and file partisans to express their frustration with mainstream candidates in both parties. Ted Cruz and Donald Trump have benefitted from such sentiments in the Republican Party. Bernie Sanders has found the primary and caucus system ideal for channelling the support of idealistic young people.
Many in the US and beyond see the primaries as grassroots democracy. Politicians in other countries, as for example in France, have urged the adoption of a primary system for their own presidential elections. While often this is because politicians see the adoption of primaries as improving their own chances for political advance, few see the primaries as one of the key reasons for the US being so ungovernable.
Most members of Congress - especially, though not exclusively, Republicans - fear any form of compromise because they know they will face a challenge from a more ideologically pure candidate in the next primary. Since most Congressional seats are in safe districts, incumbents have more to fear from ideological purists in their own party than they do from the opposition. They fear the primary, not the general election.
This is not a problem at the presidential level, since the presidency is up for grabs in ways that Congress is not. So while primaries lead to political extremism at the Congressional level, they need not do the same for presidential candidates.
However, as this electoral season illustrates, primary elections often favour outsiders, and are more easily won by populists. Populism is not inherently a bad thing. In one sense, populism simply describes a candidate who is more closely connected to the aspirations of the electorate of the party. Historically, this was the case of William Jennings Bryan, who represented the Democrats' rural electoral base and who feared the urban domination of economic policy. It was certainly the case of George McGovern, even though their populist connections did not extend beyond the anti-war baby boomers.
Populism, of course can have a darker side. It is about an unmediated relationship between leader and led. At its most extreme, it leads to fascism. Hitler, Mussolini, Peron, all used their skills in manipulating mass publics to establish authoritarian regimes. Some commentators have seen Donald Trump's nativism and their racist innuendos in the same vein. Ted Cruz has appealed to Christian Evangelicals in ways that recall Father Coughlin, the fascist-sympathizing radio priest of the 1930s.
In Europe, and in many democratic parliamentary systems, politicians serve a long apprenticeship before they run for substantive positions. They work their way up the party organisation. The party then rewards them for their service by nominating them for office. First, they are nominated in constituencies where they are unlikely to win, later in “safe” seats. The American system is different. In the US anyone with enough money to buy television advertising can have a decent chance of getting elected in a primary and then in a general election.
There are two consequences to the US system of primaries. First, the skills necessary to win a primary are not the same as the skills needed to govern. A smooth-talking telegenic candidate (Marco Rubio comes to mind) can win office while having none of the skills of compromise and coalition building so necessary to governing.
The second consequence of the primary system is to put a premium on money. Candidates who can raise large sums of money are at an advantage. This is not just because they can purchase commercial television time (media fragmentation and the rise of social media have made TV commercials less important, at least to reach younger voters), but also because they can hire political operatives so necessary to winning in places like Iowa and New Hampshire. At the very least, candidates need to spend much of their time raising money, at worst they need to spend much of that time listening to those who give it to them. While it's true that the Internet has made it possible to raise much of that money from small contributors (Bernie Sanders and Barak Obama did this), big contributors can compensate for those candidates who lack mass appeal (Hillary Clinton or Jeb Bush, for example). Unlike the case of Spider-Man, great money (and eventually power) means little responsibility... except to the donor. The effect can be paradoxical: Trump, a billionaire real estate baron, has made part of their appeal the fact that they are self-financed and thus not beholden to (other) fat cats.
The American system of primary elections is a sobering illustration of the unintended consequences of democratic reform. There is a tendency for academics, and especially for those of us on the left, to consider democracy an absolute value. The more the better. But in a world where few people have the time to carefully consider their electoral options, where policy choices often demand the understanding of complexities which are rarely clear, and where there are incentives for hucksters and charlatans, democracy can have hidden dangers. People should be able to influence decisions that affect them. They should certainly be the arbiters of their own destinies. But democracy requires that people not only decide for themselves, but that they take into consideration the interests of others. This makes the stakes much higher. Democratic choice often occurs within a cloud of possibilities. Primaries can make it harder, not easier, to find solutions to our collective problems.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Both the Iraqi government and Islamic State forces claim to have control of the Haditha dam, as Jim Muir reports from Irbil
Iraqi government forces say they have cleared Islamic State (IS) militants from a wide area around the strategic Haditha dam, helped by US air strikes.
The jihadists have repeatedly tried to capture the dam on the River Euphrates, in the western province of Anbar.
The US air strikes were the first to have taken place outside northern Iraq.
Meanwhile, Iraq's parliament is scheduled to convene later on Monday to vote on Prime Minister-designate Haider al-Abadi's proposed government.
The make-up of the cabinet has not been revealed, but Mr Abadi is expected to include representatives of all religious and ethnic factions.
The BBC's Jim Muir in Irbil says that should ease tensions between the Shia Arab majority and the Sunni Arab and Kurdish communities, which accused the outgoing administration of pursuing sectarian policies.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Rafid Jaboori reports from the hall where the new Iraqi government will be inaugurated
It should also allow the US to step up its military assistance, which has been conditional on the formation of a unified and inclusive government.
'Very accurate'
The leader of a pro-Iraqi government Sunni Arab tribal militia in western Iraq, Sheikh Ahmed Abu Risha, said the air strikes around the Haditha dam had wiped out an IS patrol trying to attack the dam.
"They were very accurate. There was no collateral damage. If Islamic State had gained control of the dam, many areas of Iraq would have been seriously threatened, even Baghdad," they told the Reuters news agency.
Image copyright EPA Image caption The US has used an aircraft carrier in the Gulf to launch strikes on IS
Image copyright AFP Image caption Tribal fighters and government troops have been defending the Haditha dam and its surrounding area
Iraqi forces then launched a "wide attack" against militants to clear the areas surrounding the Haditha district, military spokesperson Lt Gen Qassem Atta told the AFP news agency.
Troops and militia also retook Barwana, south of Haditha, from IS fighters, who abandoned their weapons and vehicles while retreating, AFP reported. However, the governor of Anbar, Ahmed al-Dulaimi, was wounded by an explosion shortly after Barwana was retaken.
Analysis: Jim Muir, BBC News, northern Iraq
The American air attacks, the first of their kind in Anbar province, signal that Washington has crossed a line that it itself drew.
It has long had a standing request from the outgoing Iraqi government to use its air power against IS in all areas. But until recently, it made it clear it would only do that once a new, inclusive government is formed in Baghdad, with full Sunni representation.
That hasn't yet happened, though intensive efforts are under way to produce a new cabinet soon - possibly on Monday.
Haditha dam is Iraq's second biggest hydroelectric facility and also provides millions with water.
IS fighters have targeted a number of Iraqi dams, capturing the facility at Falluja in April. In August they took the country's largest dam, at Mosul, but US air strikes helped force them out later that month.
On Monday morning, IS fighters attacked a riverside town north of Baghdad, killing at least 16 people and wounding 30 others.
Most of the casualties in Dhuluiya were caused by a suicide car bomber who reportedly targeted a meeting between security forces and members of Sunni al-Jabour tribe.
One security source told Reuters that gunboats were also used in the attack, which began before dawn and continued for two hours.
US President Barack Obama will on Wednesday reveal their strategy to combat IS, which has announced the creation of a "caliphate", or Islamic state, in the large swathes of Iraq and Syria under its control.
US media on Obama's "game plan"
Politico: The president's speech on [IS] will be a chance for them to clarify their plans for fighting the terrorist group after conflicting messages from the administration, including their "we don't have a strategy yet" comments late last month.
New York Times: The final, toughest and most politically controversial phase of the operation - destroying the terrorist army in its sanctuary inside Syria - might not be completed until the next administration. Indeed, some Pentagon planners envision a military campaign lasting at least 36 months.
Los Angeles Times: Congressional leaders have said they want Congress to be consulted, but they have not committed to a vote. And though some members of Congress have said they believe that they should go on record concerning military action, others are reluctant to do so with an election coming in less than two months.
Wall Street Journal: A chief element of President Barack Obama's plans to combat Islamic State militants is to line up a coalition of Arab nations to help. Arab officials, so far, have been lukewarm about the idea.
"What I want people to understand is that over the course of months, we are going to be able to not just blunt the momentum of [IS]," they told NBC TV on Sunday. "We are going to systematically degrade their capabilities; we're going to shrink the territory that they control; and, ultimately, we're going to defeat them."
But they stressed that there was "not going to be an announcement about US ground troops".
The secretary general of the Arab League meanwhile urged its members to confront Islamic State on all possible levels.
What was required from member states was a "clear and firm decision for a comprehensive confrontation" with "cancerous and terrorist" groups, Nabil al-Arabi told a meeting of foreign ministers in Cairo.
Ed Rosenthal – Guru of Ganja
Say HIGH To A Founding Father
Of The Marijuana Movement.
They also have a strain of cannabis named after him- and it is just like him….AMAZING!
According to the founders of Sensi Seeds, it is tradition to honor heroes in the Cannabis Movement with their own namesake strain. In 2006, they selected American cannabis activist Ed Rosenthal. They have since been enjoying their Sensi Seeds namesake strain: ‘Ed Rosenthal Super Bud'.
For more than 40 years, Ed Rosenthal, one of the most renowned grandees of the global cannabis scene, has been passionately growing cannabis. This passion and also a long time close friendship they share with Sensi Seeds founder Ben Dronkers with whom they founded the Hash Marijuana Museum in Amsterdam.
The story of the Ed Rosenthal Super Bud strain is a very special one, because its breeding history spans a possibly record-breaking time of amazing 25 years. It all began in 1981 when Ed Rosenthal gave a batch of seeds to a breeder that included Afghani/Durban, Afghani, Kush, Mexican, Thai and Equatorial African genetics, for the most part pure landrace strains. 1981 – that's ages ago. in that year, Ronald Reagan was elected president of the USA and one year later proclaimed that utterly failed ‘war on drugs'. Back then the cannabis seed business was practically non-existent as it wasn't before the mid-1980s that the first professional seed companies were founded in the Netherlands, with Neville Schoenmakers ‘The Seed Bank' leading the way. In The Seed Bank's 1987 catalog appeared what was the preliminary outcome of five years of breeding work (over twelve generations) based on the above-mentioned genetic material from Ed Rosenthal: Ed's PEHT (Potent Evolved Hybrid Type 1).
Due to its complex genetic background, Ed's PEHT produced a lot of different phenotypes, but Ed Rosenthal sampled some of the buds and rated them 7-10, enthusing ‘there's not a plant there that you wouldn't want to smoke, and their heterogeneous background makes it possible to discover some real winners.' Ed's PEHT was limited to 1500 seeds and once these were sold out, it wasn't relisted and disappeared from The Seed Bank catalog. Then it took almost two decades until on the occasion of the High Times Cup 2006, Ed's PEHT suddenly stepped onto the stage again, renamed as ‘Ed Rosenthal Super Bud' – fast forward back to the future!
Click here to read the rest of the article.
Below are 3 books that belong in every growers library.
The Marijuana Grower's Handbook shows both beginners and advanced growers how to grow the biggest most resinous, potent buds! This book contains the latest knowledge, tools, and methods to grow great marijuana –indoors and out. Use the most efficient technology and save time, labor, and energy. Ed Rosenthal has been teaching people how to grow marijuana for more than 30 years. Let them help you cultivate bountiful buds and lots of them. With 500 pages of full color photos and illustrations, the book delivers all the basics that a novice grower needs, as well as scientific research for the experienced gardener. All aspects of cultivation are covered, from the selection of varieties, setting up of the garden, and through each stage of plant growth all the way to harvesting. Readers can link to Ed's research for additional information,photos,and equipment updates. Full color photographs throughout clarify instructions and show the stunning results possible with Ed's growing tips.
“Marijuana may not be addictive, but growing it is.” — Ed Rosenthal
Marijuana Horticulture: The Indoor/Outdoor Medical Grower's Bible
is the most complete cultivation book available. The Fifth Edition of the former Indoor Marijuana Horticulture: The Indoor Bible was originally published in 1983, when it immediately became the best seller. More than 500,000 copies of the Indoor Bible are in print in Dutch, English, French, German and Spanish.
New greenhouse and outdoor growing chapters make this a book both indoor and outdoor growers will keep under thumb. The other 15 chapters (17 total) are all updated with the most current information, completely rewritten and significantly expanded. For example, Dr. John McPartland contributed an all new medical section. The books credits list more than 300 contributors and reads like a who's who in the world of cannabis cultivation. It also contains 512 full color pages with 1120 full color photographs and illustrations.
Download the Ultimate Grow Guide for FREE!
Learn the basics of growing marijuana and get started today:
*How to get the biggest yields from cannabis plants;
*What you need to get started, without wasting money;
*The most common mistakes you don't have to make.
Please share this with your friends.
Up until recently I was very much of the opinion that HTC made beautiful phones and Samsung – to put it mildly – didn't. With the release of the Galaxy S6, that opinion is shifting. Sure, HTC still makes beautiful hardware (both aesthetically and functionally), but when we're talking about Android, Samsung is the uncontested leader, leaving all other OEMs to fight for light in its ever-expanding shadow. How can HTC escape?
Copycat
First we've got to admit that Samsung is a copycat. Apple is the leader in mobile design. Yes, I know, I'm “Joe the Android Guy”, but even I can see that much is true.
Why shouldn't it be? Generally speaking, Apple makes beautiful hardware. The software that runs on it, not so much. To a Liberty-loving individual like myself, the locked-down, walled-garden ecosystem that Apple users are forced into is revolting (though I'm sure it doesn't look that way from those stuck inside the garden).
Nevertheless, Samsung looks to Apple to see what works, and “interprets” those observations into its own hardware. Sometimes that's landed the two in court with injunctions levied against either side. Looking at the makeup of the smartphone industry, it really is a race between Samsung and Apple.
“We have, you know, always been shameless about stealing great ideas.” – Steve Jobs
Samsung Advantages
Samsung is uniquely situated in the industry. The company (a family of companies, really) makes processors, RAM, displays, and even camera components. These components are used in Samsung's own products, but are also purchased by competitors for use in those products as well.
How would it be to know that your competitor buys your components to install into their product? That situation is great for the underdog, but not so great for the leader. This puts Samsung at a huge advantage over anyone else, including HTC.
Samsung makes great components, but when assembled into a consumer product, some critical concerns seem to get lost in translation. Samsung, it seems, is trying too much to copy, which puts its products one generation behind Apple. The Galaxy S6, however, could prove to be the exception to that trend. Time will tell.
HTC's Position
Back to HTC.
HTC doesn't seem to be copying anyone. The company is making solid hardware that holds its own – but doesn't seem to push ahead. The result, even if it doesn't lose any ground with each passing iteration, inevitably has HTC falling further behind Samsung (and Apple). Those two keep moving forward faster than HTC can keep up.
The reason? I feel it's the hardware. Yes, the very thing that I love about HTC, it's high-quality, superbly-built hardware, is what is holding the company back. Why?
“You've got to start with the customer experience and work backwards to the technology. You can't start with the technology and try to figure out where you're going to sell it.” – Steve Jobs
Customer Experience
Steve Jobs nailed it: Customer Experience.
The product has to be polished and refined and “just work”. It's got to be elegantly simple. The hardware must enable that emphasis – not the other way around. As much as I hate to say it, HTC has got to divert a good deal of its focus to the user experience rather than the hardware.
Jobs provided an excellent example when talking about one of the first laser printers on the market. In a world filled with dot-matrix printers, Apple crammed AppleTalk, Adobe PostScript, WYSIWYG, and offloaded the heavy-lifting from the printer to a driver in the OS, all to create a printed page.
The technology was astounding – but that's not what mattered. It was the printed page that was important. How that image got from the screen to the page was vitally important, but the technology to accomplish that objective only existed to realize the end result of the printed page – not the other way around.
That's what HTC must do. It must shift from making some of the most impressive hardware, to providing the most impressive customer experience in the industry – then using its award-winning hardware to bring that solution to market.
Conclusions
Samsung, Apple, and HTC are all wonderful companies that make fabulous hardware. Each has its strengths and weaknesses, and I hope I haven't offended any of them too much.
“I readily admit there is [SIC] many things in life that I don't have the faintest idea what I'm talking about. […] Mistakes will be made. Some people will be pissed off. Some people will not know what they're talking about. […] I think it is so much better than where things were not very long ago.” – Steve Jobs
Like the late Steve Jobs so eloquently stated years and years ago, I could be wrong. There may be those out there who think I may not have the faintest idea what I'm talking about. Perhaps that's true. The direction, however, I feel is correct. Putting the customer experience first, that is the way to sell products.
Those products may not have the fastest processor, they may not have the screen with the highest resolution, they may not even have the most apps in the app store. But they work the way you want them to when you need them to, and they're fast enough so that the technology doesn't get in the way. Mistakes will be made, and some people will be pissed off. Those are inevitable. But the direction will ensure the end result is closer to where it needs to be than it would otherwise have been.
Your Turn
Have I made some mistakes? Have I pissed you off? Should the customer experience be the priority over the hardware that enables it, or should it be the other way around?
Now its your turn! Head down to the comments, share your opinion, call me names, tell me that I don't have the “faintest idea” what I'm talking out, or that I'm the most brilliant man on the planet. Wherever your opinions fall, don't forget to include your thoughts on what HTC should do to escape from Samsung's shadow.
I was leaving my fourth period class at Helena high school in Montana, getting ready to go to lunch with a friend when one of my vice-principals stopped me in the hallway.
“Did you forget something today?” they said. “I need to talk to you about your inappropriate attire.”
It was 25 May. At the time, I was wearing a black T-shirt that was off the shoulder, which is not against the school's dress code. So I was surprised when the vice-principal asked me if I had forgotten an article of clothing.
“No,” I responded, confused.
“Are you wearing a bra?” they continued.
“No,” I replied.
“Well, you need to either cover up or put one on, because there are a lot of male teachers and male students here, and that makes them uncomfortable. They don't want to see that.”
I felt embarrassed. I felt almost violated. You couldn't even really tell I wasn't wearing a bra. Even if I bent over, you couldn't see anything. I would not have worn the shirt if you could. I'm not about showing everything off – that's just not me.
I choose not to wear a bra very often, because I find it more comfortable. Most of my friends never wear bras, either. I was really thrown off by the vice-principal's comments, so I told them I would put something different on and left.
But later, I looked in the handbook, and I saw there was nothing in there about bras, except that your bra strap can't be showing. That obviously wasn't a problem for me.
I posted about it on my Snapchat, and a ton of people contacted me. Everyone was mad. One of my friends texted me suggesting we organize a “no bra day” as soon as possible.
A lot of people supported us, and it was simple. All we planned to do was go to school bra-less. We didn't want to harm anybody. We didn't want to make the administration upset. It was for us.
It was about gender equality and teaching people not to sexualize women's bodies. We're always asked to do things to make guys more comfortable. If my boobs make you uncomfortable, then why are you looking at me in that way?
This was to show girls that they can be comfortable with their bodies without worrying about making someone else uncomfortable.
I wasn't doing it for attention, and I did not expect that it would get so big.
On 27 May, we went to school without our bras, and a lot of teachers and students were talking about it.
I got pulled into the principal's office four times that day. In one of the meetings, the principal asked me to take down our Facebook page, telling me it was a distraction to people's learning, and it was getting out of hand.
I was super frustrated, because they were the one distracting from my learning by making me meet with them during class – all because we weren't wearing bras. They aren't understanding the point of what we were doing. I tried to explain that we were standing up for ourselves and that I have freedom of speech and expression.
I walked out crying, because I was just so mad.
My friend told me that a local news station had showed up and wanted to talk, and I was so upset at the time, I thought: why not?
Should you stop wearing a bra? Read more
Once it was on the news in Helena, it spread on Facebook and other news stations and just blew up.
I had people from as far as the UK, France and India contact me. And I've had a lot of awful comments. I've been called every name in the book. People have sent me messages saying “kill yourself”, “you're a huge whore”, “no one wants to see your boobs”. Some said I'm just an “attention seeker”.
I have a pretty thick skin, but I don't look at the comments any more.
It's gotten huge, and I'm extremely thankful that the word has gotten out. But I don't want the focus to be on the bra any more.
This is about ending body-shaming. This is about ending double standards for girls.
It started with me, but it's not about me. It's about women everywhere being able to be comfortable in their own bodies.
Let's be honest here. Who is more of the fan of American Girl dolls in your house? Is it you or your children? I love seeing the dolls dressed up in their period costumes with their hair elegantly coiffed. It can be like stepping into a time warp. Each doll is replicated to from head to toe to fit the genre.
In 2017 American Girl is giving girls More Characters to Love!
We so excited to share with you the newest dolls Tenney and Logan!
For more than 30 years, girls have met and fallen in love with American Girl characters—both historical and contemporary—that have helped build self-confidence, inspire creativity, and give a broader understanding of the world. Now, in response to thousands of impassioned requests from fans for more options, American Girl is introducing a new series of contemporary characters and stories designed to speak to even more girls' interests, backgrounds, and experiences. The fresh approach gives voice to a diverse range of personalities and backgrounds and new ways for girls to connect with smart, compelling, and aspirational characters that they can relate to and love. The new 2017 American Girl characters, including those from today and yesterday, will come to life via beautiful 18-inch dolls and unique outfits and accessories, as well as a variety of different content forms that tell their stories—from books to live-action specials to other digital platforms like online videos, web series, and apps.
Just recently American Girl fans have met the newest contemporary character, Tenney Grant. Tenney is a breakout singer-songwriter from Nashville who is pursuing their dream of becoming a performer. Tenney will launch with an 18-inch doll and music-inspired outfits and accessories.
Tenney comes to life for girls via a beautiful 18-inch Tenney™ doll featuring long, curly blond hair and warm brown eyes, an exclusive outfit that reflects their artistic side, and a book chronicling their story. The Tenney collection also comes with several music-inspired outfits and accessories, including a miniature version of an authentic Taylor® GS Mini® guitar that can be strummed and plays three songs, and a two-sided stage and dressing room that features more than 40 pieces, like an amp, microphone, and working spotlights
first-ever boy character. In addition, the line will also feature Logan Everett , Tenney's band-mate and American Girl's
Logan's assortment includes an 18-inch doll with short brown hair, gray eyes, and an original outfit, as well as their very own rhythmic drum set.
Radio Disney Music Awards: American Girl and Tenney will come together for the 2017 Radio Disney Music Awards to support the Heroes for Change Award and Music In Our Schools initiative during the show. The telecast, “Disney Channel Presents the 2017 Radio Disney Music Awards,” airs Sunday, April 30 (7:00–9 :00 p.m. EDT) on Disney Channel.
Published by Scholastic and written by award-winning author Kellen Hertz, the Tenney book series will inspire girls to share their authentic selves and find the courage to pursue their dreams. Tenney has a world of feelings, ideas, and music welling up inside her—all they need now is the right stage to share what's in their heart. As their star rises, Tenney goes from writing songs in their family's backyard, to taking center-stage at their school Jamboree, to playing their music in a professional concert. They learn quickly that it takes hard work and grit to stay on the path to becoming a great performer—but it's going to take extra determination if they want to stay true to themselves and their music.
To learn more about Tenney, Logan, and other new characters debuting throughout 2017, go to americangirl.com, Facebook at facebook.com/americangirl, Twitter at twitter.com/american_girl, Pinterest at pinterest.com/agofficial, and American Girl's Instagram page at instagram.com/americangirlbrand. To request an American Girl catalogue, call 1-800-845-0005.
One lucky Raising 3 Savvy Ladies reader is going to win either Tenney or Logan – your choice!
US Only.
American Girl Doll- 3/31
Be savvy and share! StumbleUpon 0 0 Linkedin Pinterest 0
7 of 10
Toru Takahashi/Associated Press
Jason Catania: Jose Abreu and Robinson Cano
Joe Giglio: Prince Fielder and Masahiro Tanaka
Jason Martinez: Joe Nathan and Peter Bourjos
Mike Rosenbaum: Brian McCann and Curtis Granderson
Zachary D. Rymer: Mike Morse and Masahiro Tanaka
Adam Wells: Robinson Cano and Masahiro Tanaka
Why all the hate for Masahiro Tanaka?
For Giglio and Wells, it's a matter of hype. After the Yankees spent $175 million to acquire the ace Japanese right-hander, Giglio says Tanaka "can't possibly do anything but disappoint." Wells agrees, saying that Tanaka will have to "pitch like Cy Young whenever they take the mound to avoid hearing questions about what's wrong with him."
I think Tanaka will be fine eventually, but I need to see them make a key adjustment. ESPN's Keith Law (subscription required) noted that Tanaka tends to pitch up in the zone with their fastball. That's a habit that won't fly as well in the majors, and he'll learn that the hard way.
Regarding Catania's and Wells' disagreement over Cano, both are approaching their situation from a hype perspective as well. Given where Seattle's offense has been in recent years, Wells thinks an elite hitter like Cano can only be a welcome sight. Catania, however, fears Cano will quickly become a "scapegoat" as it becomes apparent that Seattle's offense still has some serious holes in it.
On the flip side, Rosenbaum noted that Brian McCann is walking into a different situation with the Yankees:
Yankees catchers batted a dismal .213/.289/.298 with eight home runs last season. McCann, a six-time All-Star, has been on one of the most productive backstops since reaching the major leagues in 2005, with a career .823 OPS and 20-plus home runs in each of the last six seasons. The soon-to-be 30-year-old is poised to make an immediate impact batting in the heart of the Yankees' vastly improved lineup.
Martinez was quick to point out that Joe Nathan is walking into a similar situation in Detroit:
It will become apparent right away that a Tigers lead will be in safe hands in the ninth inning, which will be a welcome feeling for everyone—players, coaches, management and fanbase—that has suffered through late-season bullpen collapses in consecutive seasons.
Meanwhile in St. Louis, however, Martinez isn't sold on Peter Bourjos being the answer for the Cardinals in center field:
Stellar defense is what makes Bourjos valuable. But if they get off to a slow start, which wouldn't be a surprise considering they only played 55 games in 2013 due to injury, Cardinals fans could get restless.
Likewise, Rosenbaum explained why they don't see Granderson solving any problems in New York. They see an outfielder who's clearly on the decline:
Granderson's overall production has steadily declined since their monster 2011 season with the Yankees, when they batted .262/.364/.552 with 41 home runs and 25 stolen bases. They did hit a career-high 43 home runs the following year, but their power-oriented approach cost them over 100 points in OPS. Injuries limited the 32-year-old to only 61 games in 2013 and prevented them from tapping into their power once finally healthy. So don't read too far into their seven home runs in 245 plate appearances.
As for the three remaining strongest impressions, here's Catania on Jose Abreu:
This is both a figurative and literal choice for strongest impression, as Abreu, who put up video-game numbers in their native country, could become MLB's next Cuban star—following Yoenis Cespedes, Yasiel Puig and Jose Fernandez.
And Giglio on Prince Fielder:
Freed from the weight of expectations and October failures in Detroit, he's poised to resurrect a path to Cooperstown in Texas. Upon Fielder's first batting practice laser show, the Rangers will be talking about them as the bat to finally replace Josh Hamilton's left-handed power in the lineup.
Speaking of spring training laser shows, that's mainly why I tabbed Mike Morse. He's been a spring training superstar before, slugging nine spring homers in 2011 and 2013. Plus, nobody ever accused the guy of being unable to put on a batting practice display.
Clashes broke out between Israeli forces and Palestinians to the east of Jabaliya refugee camp in the northern Gaza Strip, when Israeli forces killed Ayed Khamis Jumaa, 35, after shooting them in the head with live ammunition, according to the Palestinian Ministry of Health.
Six other Palestinians were also injured with live ammunition fired by Israeli forces and were rushed to Gaza's Indonesian hospital to receive medical care, the ministry added.
In a separate incident, Israeli forces injured at least two Palestinians with live ammunition -- one in their arm and the other in their foot -- after clashes broke out east of Bureij refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip, according to witnesses.
An Israeli army spokesperson told Ma'an "several violent riots" took place in the border area between Israel and Gaza when "hundreds of Palestinians" attempted to damage Israel's separation fence, burned tires, and hurled rocks at Israeli forces. They said that Israeli forces are still stationed in the area to "prevent damage to the fence."
The spokesperson added that they were aware of a Palestinian being killed and others being injured and confirmed to Ma'an that Israeli forces had used live ammunition on the protesters, which they said was part of Israel's protocols when Palestinians enter the "buffer zone" -- a unilaterally declared and undefined area between Gaza and Israel's separation fence.
Spokesperson of the Hamas movement Hazem Qassem reacted to the killing, saying in a statement Saturday that "Hamas mourned the death of Ayed Jumaa, the martyr who was killed in cold blood yesterday on Gaza's eastern borders while they were participating in the confrontations (that) erupted to protest against the ongoing Israeli aggression on our holy shrines, land, people, and the unjust blockade imposed on the Gaza Strip."
Clashes have regularly erupted on Gaza's border with Israel, as tens of Palestinians continue to demonstrate in protest of Israel's decade-long siege on the small Palestinian territory.
On Tuesday evening , Israeli forces shot and killed a Palestinian protester and injured at least seven others with live fire in the Gaza Strip during clashes.
After Israeli forces shot and critically injured a Palestinian teenager in the stomach with a live bullet during a protest in Gaza two weeks ago, rights group Defense for Children International - Palestine (DCIP) denounced the Israeli army's excessive use of live fire on Palestinians in the besieged coastal enclave.
“Israeli forces' frequent use of live ammunition at the Gaza border shows a pattern of disregard for Palestinian lives,” DCIP Accountability Program Director Ayed Abu Eqtaish said, and deplored the fact that accountability for injuries and fatalities in such cases “is extremely rare.”
According to Ma'an documentation, Jumaa became the fourth Palestinian to be killed in little over a week and the 30th Palestinian to be killed by Israeli forces or settlers since the beginning of the year, many of whom were shot during clashes with Israeli forces in the occupied Palestinian territory.
In 2016, seven Palestinians were killed by Israeli forces in the Gaza Strip, when 18 Palestinians were shot and killed by Israeli forces during clashes across the occupied Palestinian territory -- out of more than 100 Palestinians to be killed by Israelis over the course of the year.
Israeli police and soldiers have come under heavy criticism over the past year for what rights groups have referred to as “extrajudicial executions” and excessive use of force against Palestinians -- especially youth and children -- who did not pose an immediate threat or who could have been disarmed through non-lethal means, particularly during clashes.
1. Your relationship is so pure and simple!
Asexual people who fall in love or have relationships do not have a dialed down, simplified version of love. Yes, sometimes sex can complicate matters, but it's also a shortcut to defining what kind of relationship you have. If asexual people have non-sexual relationships, they're forced to find ways to have that relationship recognized without the usual markers — and that's pretty complicated.
2. You must be religiously pure!
Some asexual people are religious or spiritual, but celibacy for the sake of one's religion is not the same thing as asexuality (especially since celibacy is usually a show of sacrifice). We are also not necessarily more enlightened, and will probably not appreciate being seen as people who have risen above base instincts. We don't, as a group, think we have gone “beyond” sexual matters.
3. You're the next evolution in humanity!
We don't consider asexuality to be “where humanity is going.” There's a strange tendency to associate emotionless, restrained, robotic behavior with a scary, sterile future where all babies are made in tubes and nobody hugs. For some reason, asexual people call up that image in some people's minds. We're not emotionless and we don't want to stamp out sex. We're really just another sexual orientation.
4. That's good, because the world doesn't need more babies and disease.
Asexual people generally don't like to be appreciated just because we don't add to overpopulation or STIs. Furthermore, it's untrue that we never contribute to these situations. Since asexual people sometimes do procreate and/or have sex, we aren't excluded from increasing the population or spreading disease.
5. It must be so great to have so much free time.
This suggests you view the 24-hour day as a pie chart, with one large slice that everyone is supposed to devote to sex and/or relationships. If we do not do those things — boom — we have more time than everyone else! Except no. Asexual people do frequently have partnered relationships, and even those who don't usually still fill some of their time with social relationships. People, asexual and non-asexual, chase their passions — that pie chart is filled with ours.
6. Wow, good for you for being strong, patient and determined!
Phrases like this generally represent a misunderstanding that our orientation is voluntary abstinence or celibacy. It also suggests that we're waiting for the right person and are resisting our urges so we can do the right thing. This does not represent what asexuality is, and patting us on the back for “resisting” something we may very likely not want is inappropriate.
7. Sexual attraction is so distracting — you're lucky to not have to deal with it!
First off, some asexual people do have a libido, even if it's not directed at anyone. Secondly, while some of us do feel lucky to not deal with this “distraction” (as some non-asexual people describe it on levels approaching torment or pain), these sorts of statements can feel infantilizing — like you're suggesting your life is more complex than an asexual person's simple one. We have different problems. Don't interpret us as having no problems just because we don't have yours.
8. Too bad for the rest of us — you're so attractive!
Someone may be saying this as a joke, but it suggests that we're consumable people who are going to waste. If you mean it as a compliment, you can find another way to make us feel good about ourselves. Implying that the world is losing out on an attractive sexual partner because of the tragedy of our lack of desire can definitely make us feel objectified, as though our own sexual habits are a shame.
9. I'm glad you respect yourself. That's so much better than being a slut/a player/promiscuous.
This shames those who pursue sex more than you think they should. You may think that asexual people agree with very conservative views on how much sex is okay, but being asexual doesn't automatically mean we'll appreciate being praised for our supposed restraint.
10. I wish I was asexual!
Saying you wish you were part of a misunderstood, erased, mostly invisible group can have the effect of infantilizing us and minimizing the problems we do have. So say what you mean. Say you wish you didn't have a libido, or say you wish you didn't have relationship problems. Being asexual doesn't grant you a free pass to avoid those problems and, even though some of us have probably wished we were like you too, things like this are probably better left unsaid.
Note: Please keep in mind that asexual people don't necessarily agree on all of these matters. This list should simply draw your attention to how these statements can be misleading when applied to us as a group.
A longer version of this blog post was originally published on Everyday Ignorance.
Arpad (probably modern Tell Rifaat, Syria) was an ancient Aramaean Syro-Hittite city located in north-western Syria, north of Aleppo. It became the capital of the Aramaean state of Bit Agusi established by Gusi of Yakhan in the 9th century BC.[1] Bit Agusi stretched from the A'zaz area in the north to Hamath in the south.[2]
Arpad later became a major vassal city of the Kingdom of Urartu. In 743 BC, during the Urartu-Assyria War, the Neo-Assyrian king Tiglath-Pileser III laid siege to Arpad following the defeat of the Urartuan army of Sarduri II at Samsat. But the city of Arpad did not surrender easily. It took Tiglath-Pileser three years of siege to conquer Arpad, whereupon they massacred its inhabitants and destroyed the city.[3] Afterward Arpad served as a provincial capital.[4] Tell Rifaat, which is probably the remains of Arpad, has walls still preserved to a height of eight meters.[5]
Biblical references [ edit ]
The city is mentioned in the Hebrew Bible several times:
2 Kings 18:34; 19:13
Isaiah 10:9; 36:19; 37:13
Jeremiah 49:23;
The Assyrian vizier, Rabshakeh, lists the god(s) of Arpad among those who they allege have been unable to save their cities from Assyrian assault.[6]
Etymology [ edit ]
The word Arpad in Hebrew means 'the light of redemption',[7] or 'I shall be spread out (or: supported)'[8]
Archaeology [ edit ]
Tel Rifaat is an oval 250 by 233 meters. Within this, the main citadel is 142 by 142 meters with a maximum height of 30 meters. The defensive wall surrounding the site is about two miles long.
The site has been worked by a team from the Institute of Archaeology or the University of London. After a preliminary examination in 1956, Tell Rifa'at was excavated for two seasons in 1961 and 1964. The team was led by M. V. Seton Williams.[9][10]
In 1977, an archaeological survey was conducted of the area around Tell Rifa'at, also by the Institute of Archaeology.[11]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
P. A. Clayton, The Coins from Tell Rifa'at, Iraq, vol. 29, pp. 143–154, 1967
Alan R. Millard, Adad-Nirari III, Aram, and Arpad, Palestine Exploration Quarterly, vol. 105, pp. 161–164, 1973
Coordinates:
I am lucky to have taken up my work as a dominatrix amid a revolution in our thinking about sex work. Writers like Laura Agustín and Melissa Gira Grant have taken apart our sexualised, othered image, and sex workers and allies proclaim loudly that sex work is work. Banal on its surface, that statement is profound in its implications. We all work for a multitude of reasons, good and bad, mundane and heart-wrenching. It is society that frames those reasons differently, based on gender, race, class, and nationality.
Like everyone, I've seen the reports of people from foreign lands, brought to the west and forced to do sex work. They are called trafficked women, and are often depicted at the point of a police raid, with flashing cameras shoved in their faces. At best, they're shown as victims; at worst, as nuisances and criminals. I write today to stand with Agustin, Grant, and Maggie McNeill, who have so powerfully argued that this portrayal, and the very concept of “sex trafficking” that underpins it, is a myth. To say this is not to sideline the coerced; in dismantling this pernicious myth, we put their lived experiences front and centre. Coercion, force, and violence in sex work are very real, but they pertain generally to life as a member of the oppressed, not just to sex work. They must be fought across the world, and the concept of sex trafficking does not help in that fight. Instead, it obscures the fact that many types of workers, from carers to builders, suffer force, violence and exploitation. Insidiously, the trafficking myth also deprives sex workers of agency and identity, as it sexualises and fetishises our lives and bodies.
Our stories can look very different from sensationalised raid reports or racy tell-alls, even with familiar-sounding facts. Originally from Romania, Paula was sixteen when their boyfriend took them to London to work as a sex worker. It was not their idea, but they were in love, and as excited as any new immigrant. They were willing to give sex work, and England, a chance. Them boyfriend became an abusive drunk and addict, and after nearly a year, they were done. They grounded them by snatching their passport. “I couldn't go anywhere. . . if you don't have papers, you don't exist,” said Paula. They went back to work; when they befriended a pickpocket, they sent their confederates to recover their ID.
Having freed herself, Paula dumped their boyfriend and set up as an independent sex worker, choosing their own working flat and making it comfortable and secure. By 2012, they were well on their way to success, taking an English course and saving up to study nursing. They were a part of the neighbourhood; they had applied for a national insurance number. Then, on 3 September, they were raided. “When the police came in, they started accusing me of being a pickpocket and a beggar, just because I am a Romanian,” they said. They barraged them with questions and upended their tidy flat in a search for drugs. Although they were entitled to be in the country as an EEA national, they were reported to immigration authorities, and ordered to present their proof at the police station.
On the same day Paula's flat was raided, police stormed into a number of flats in Mayfair, tearing down notices and harassing sex workers, maids and receptionists. Women working legally were thrown out of their flats and threatened with arrest if they returned to work; no evidence of drugs, minors or trafficked sex workers was found. Paula operated for months under police suspicion, never knowing when police or immigration authorities would approach them – even at their home, where they kept their job a secret. Eventually, they were cleared, but the experience changed her; today, Paula supports and organises alongside their fellow sex workers at the English Collective of Prostitutes.
Them experience is typical. “We've always said that anti-trafficking legislation was aimed at stopping women crossing international borders,” says ECP spokesperson Niki Adams. “Trafficking is used as an excuse and a justification for raids on premises and arrests of immigrant sex workers which are ultimately and actually just immigration raids. It's a way of enforcing immigration controls in a very repressive and heavy-handed way, but with the veneer of an anti-trafficking initiative and the idea that you're saving victims. It's just a con,” they say.
If sex work is work, then sex workers are workers. We face – and fight – all of the intersecting, systemic oppressions faced by workers everywhere. While law enforcement and a well-funded rescue industry contribute to a worldwide attack on our rights, sex workers have long been in the forefront of militancy and organisation. Like workers everywhere, sex workers are best situated to improve safety and working standards. Around the millennium, as women disappeared in a Vancouver neighbourhood, activist Jamie Lee Hamilton established Grandma's House, which provided food, condoms and safe rental rooms for sex workers. Women were still disappearing when Grandma's House was raided and closed in August 2000, and Hamilton was charged with running a bawdy house. Serial killer Robert Pickton was not caught until 2002, and was convicted for the murders of 26 women; they told an undercover officer in prison that they had killed 49.
In the United States, authorities have recently closed and seized the assets of MyRedBook, an advertisement and forum site for sex workers and clients. Under the guise of fighting trafficking, prostitution and money laundering, they have shuttered a website with a long history of fostering sex worker solidarity. “It's a huge loss from a community standpoint,” said Melissa Gira Grant, interviewed for a report published Tuesday. They recalled that the site, which started in the early 2000s, had had forums that were more active than the advertisements section. Much of the site was free to use; with its closure, sex workers with limited funds, arguably the most vulnerable, have lost an essential community resource. Law enforcement also regularly infiltrate and shut down online screening tools, routinely used in America, where clients upload proof of identity and sex workers can verify thems; dissuaded from using these tools, sex workers are left vulnerable to harm and arrest.
The raid on MyRedBook is part of a wider American crackdown on sex workers, whose result may, ironically, be more migration. “It's almost like breast cancer awareness in its publicity right now,” says Kelly Michaels, an American specialist in tantric sex. Michaels tours to work when their children are with their father. For her, arrest could mean exposure and the loss of their children; touring can keep authorities from picking up the scent, but could equally put them at risk, as they are continually meeting new clients. “The main reason I tour is law enforcement. . .to keep myself a moving target. I would love to be able to book locally and not make myself vulnerable,” they say. For her, today's media furore about trafficking has proved too much. After six years as a sex worker, and a bitter fight to wrest custody from a whore-shaming ex-husband, Michaels is retiring from sex work, and is making a documentary about their attempt to follow the advice of the rescue industry, supporting their family by other means.
Victor Hugo said that a writer is a world trapped in a person. The same is true of any of us. There is more to Paula's story, or to Kelly's, than a body and a job. Theirs are stories of personal success. They're about the hope and apprehension of a new venture, the universality of domestic violence, and the ingenuity displayed in surviving it. They're about the joy of building a business, and the fear of its destruction through causes outside of your control. They're stories about finding your voice. Most of all, they are each a part of the broad, human story of uncertainty, change, and the sometimes bumpy road to building a new life. We may enter sex work out of optimism or out of desperation, and we may love our jobs or hate them. For most of us, our reasons, and our sentiments, fall somewhere in between, but all of us can fall prey to the state and the rescue industry. Capturing and labelling us, they decide our fates; they become the coercers, and can shatter lives. Let our society set them aside, together with the trafficking myth; let sex workers take the lead in debates about our lives and work. We are coming out of the shadows, and demanding our freedom to work, organise, and fight. With that freedom, sex workers ourselves will end coercion in our trade, and we will take our rightful place in the struggle to end it everywhere.
Employees at Sensata Technologies in Freeport, Illinois, protested Mitt Romney's visit to nearby Janesville, asking the Republican presidential candidate and former head of Bain Capital for their jobs. Sensata is now owned by Bain and is in the process of laying off hundreds of American workers. The workers know that Romney has the influence at Bain to save their jobs and since he's campaigning on a "jobs first" platform, they asked them to put their money where their mouth is.
"My priority is putting Americans back to work, that's job number one," said Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney. Wisconsin is considered a battle ground state for the presidential election, and the main fight Monday was over jobs. "If your priority is jobs, you got to get rid of Obamacare," said Romney. "And I will." ... But not everyone thinks Romney is the right man for the job. Some people outside the rally don't think the country is their main priority. "People that are making that kind of money and that are paying this kind of money for these campaigns are not in the best interests of the American people," said Iver Knuth, who came to Janesville to protest against Romney. Not so far away in Freeport, over a dozen workers at Sensata Technologies are blaming Romney and a company they ran 2001, Bain Capital, for sending their jobs over seas. They want Romney to be more clear on how they plan to put them back to work. "I've never heard them just really say what he's going to do to save our economy," said Dot turner, whose job is being outsourced overseas. Romney's response; to invest in energy production like coal, oil, and natural gas. "I want that energy here, because I want those jobs here, were going to bring employment back up in America," said Romney.
The disconnect between Romney's words and their history is a major theme of their current bus tour across the Midwest:
Update:
Nintendo of Europe has also issued a statement from regional President Satoru Shibata:
Nintendo of Europe is today mourning the passing of Mr Satoru Iwata, Nintendo's Global President. It is difficult to put into words the sadness we feel at this time. Mr Iwata was a strong leader, a unique figure in the gaming industry and an important part of Nintendo's history. They were a visionary in every sense of the word and we will miss them dearly. Just as Mr Iwata challenged us to always push forward, we will ensure their legacy lives on through our ongoing work to always surprise and delight our fans. At this time our thoughts are with their family.
Original Article:
Following the passing of Satoru Iwata on 11th July, Shigeru Miyamoto has issued a statement with regards to the loss. It is the only official statement - at the time of writing - from Nintendo Japan beyond its formal notification, and Miyamoto-san shared their feelings of loss and a key message around Nintendo's future.
The following was passed to Eurogamer:
I am truly surprised and saddened by this unexpected news. The entire development team at Nintendo will remain committed to our development policy which Mr. Iwata and we have been constructing together and to yield the development results which Mr. Iwata would appreciate.
Satoru Iwata and Shigeru Miyamoto appeared to have a strong working relationship, and below is their memorable 'Luigi Bros.' skit from 2013.
HOUSTON - Police are investigating two different scenes in southeast Houston after two people were shot, one of them fatally.
According to Houston police, the shooting happened at around 2:30 p.m. at the Waffle House on the Gulf Freeway and College Street. Police say three men opened fire on another group of people in the parking lot.
Witnesses told police several men were talking with each other in and around their vehicles, when gunshots were heard.
A shooting victim's vehicle then sped across the parking lot and struck a curb.
HPD confirms one person, a 29-year-old man, was dead pronounced dead in that vehicle.
Another shooting victim ran to a nearby tire shop for help. Local 2 spoke with a witness at the tire shop who encountered the victim.
"Black male came up toward me, something about, 'Hey, I got shot, I got shot.' I said, 'What happened? What happened?' I saw two bullet holes in their back. They were bleeding. They were like, 'Hide me, hide me.' I was like, 'Man, get away from me. I don't want to get shot either,'" said the witness.
The man was transported to Ben Taub Hospital, where police say they are expected to survive their injuries.
Police believe a third victim may have been shot and fled from the scene.
Witnesses also stated the other vehicles, with several men inside, fled the scene in unknown directions. Houston police say they are still looking for the three gunmen, but they have not released descriptions.
There is no word yet on a motive.
Anyone with information in this case is urged to contact the HPD Homicide Division at 713-308-3600 or Crime Stoppers at 713-222-TIPS.
Copyright 2014 by Click2Houston.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
It is a truth universally acknowledged that Saint Paul has a weak tax base. Compared to every sizable city in the state, a huge portion of Saint Paul's city land is occupied, not by taxpaying residents or companies, but by state and county governments, colleges and universities, and non-profit institutions. For this reason, so the logic goes, the city is broke. Compared to Minneapolis or other peer cities (like Bloomington, maybe, I guess, or Duluth or Rochester or something), Saint Paul has to struggle to pay for basic stuff like city streets, humane bike routes, non-libertarian garbage collection, snow plowing, and rudimentary city planning (at least if it wants to keep its tax levy from being the highest in the land).
And so the tax base is our big problem over here, a tax-based not improved by a small-ish downtown struggling to keep higher-end office space leased, saddled with entrenched areas of concentrated poverty, and with a strong neighborhood character devoted to car-centric pushback against market-rate development. That's what they say about Saint Paul.
Next year, all problems are about to get a lot worse thanks to former Mayor Randy Kelly's fast-and-loose “street maintenance fee” policy, which was declared to be unlawful last year after a lawsuit by a few downtown churches (and a left-leaning media non-profit that relies on member contributions and is based in Saint Paul also). The successful suit, which the City did not settle and instead took to court, eliminated the municipal ability to levy a fee-for-service on non-profits and institutions to pay for road maintenance, blowing a not-insignificant $32M hole in the city budget. Instead of the fee, the city will figure out some kind of organized panhandling initiative, whereby (and I'm serious) city staff will beg and “shame” nonprofits into paying for the streets around them. (Apparently it worked to some degree in Boston, but color me skeptical.)
All this is to say that, next year, everyone who owns property in Saint Paul's taxes are going up by a lot. And also, the level of city services will probably go down at the same time. Not good!
But what is to be done?
I had a thought about this crucial question because, the other day, as part of my new role on the Zoning Committee at the Planning Commission, I uncovered an unique dynamic to the Saint Paul tax-base problem.
Permit me to explain…
One Example of a Non-Profit Parking Lot
Metro State University, where I have taught a few times, is a Saint Paul-baesd multi-campus commuter-oriented higher education school that caters to non-traditional students. For example, in my Geography classes, there were many people in their 20s and 30s, and compared to the University of Minnesota, many more students were people of color, returning from the military, or working their way through school. They have different needs than some other, more traditional colleges.
And parking is one of them, apparently, maybe. At a Zoning Committee meeting a month or two ago, we were asked to approve a parking lot expansion as part of the campus's new building and long-range plan. Metro State had purchased and demolished two or three houses just outside the edges of their campus boundary, at the corner of Bates Avenue and East 6th Street. Metro State wanted approval for a rezoning from residential to institutional zoning, to build a new 42-space surface parking lot complex next to their existing three-story garage.
(For more on Metro State's parking policies, see this post by streets.mn emeritus, David Levinson.)
When the school administrators came before us, I asked them about their Travel Demand Management policies (described above). During the conversation, one of them admitted that their existing 900+ spaces of parking was only at 60-70% capacity. And this was during peak school times. Their brand-new parking lot was (almost) never full, and yet they were purchasing and demolishing tax-assessable land in order to expand yet more parking spaces.
The testimony only drew one person to City Hall, a young mother who had just purchased a house across the street. They asked why the school was building a parking lot, and whether they could put in some sort of neighborhood amenity instead, like a park or garden or simply some non-asphalt living things.
It was a good question, but the answer was the same: city parking minimums required that they build more parking, whether they needed it or not. And – lo and behold – after one of the dogged city planning staffers consulted the code, the claim was true. Saint Paul's zoning requirements did indeed demand that that the school school build far more parking spaces than they needed.
And that's a problem because parking lots, especially surface parking lots, reduce the tax base, add to stormwater runoff, increase the urban heat island, have an opportunity cost, make walking less appealing, and provide no habitat for wildlife. They are also, to my eyes anyway, quite ugly.
And yet we, the zoning committee, approved it because the school had not asked for a variance. The whole situation was frustrating, not just because I dislike unnecessary paving, but also because of the way the situation clashed with a “Saint Paul tax base is broken” narrative.
If Saint Paul's tax base is so broken, why is the city requiring so much low-value (and in the case of non-profits, zero value) storage space for empty cars?
The Time Where I Pick on the Churches and the Government
The basic rule of thumb is this: for every non-profit or government building, there is also almost always a corresponding parking lot that is at least as large in surface area. For every lovely tax-free historic church, ivy covered classroom, or Brutalist bureaucratic office complex, there is a much larger (by surface area) tax-free non-historic asphalt slab nearby. And if we're going to focus on a solving the tax-base issue, we should focus on the second part of that equation.
In other words, from a policy perspective I have less problem with letting non-profits and institutions build useful, well-people'd buildings that contribute to the street life and vitality of Saint Paul. Though I would like these organizations to contribute to the basic maintenance of the streets and infrastructures that they use, there is a case to be made to let organizations like these go without contributing to the city's tax coffers that fund basic maintenance.
But the same cannot be said for their parking lots. These are vacant asphalt spaces, most of which were once taxable livable property in the city, that have been paved over and used for the storage of empty cars. And the city loses a lot of money when it allows these tax-free parking lots survive, year after year.
The Metro State parking lot case, as frustrating as it was, illustrates a larger problem. In order to expand the not-needed parking lot, the school bought and tore down three existing homes on Bates Avenue. Curious, I looked up the tax and sale history of the homes. It turns out that they were purchased for somewhere in the neighborhood of $150-200,000 each, but were assessed at far lower values.
By my back-of-the-napkin math, the three homes would have generated about $5,000 per year in property taxes for the city and the county (according to 2016 dollars). Instead, these three properties are permanently off the tax rolls.
That might not seem like a big deal, and it's not. $5,000 in property taxes for three properties is absurdly low. But this is pretty much a least-worst-case scenario for the tax base, in that the small homes in Dayton's Bluff are very low value.
Let's look at another example, my favorite state government-owned parking lot right at the corner of Rice and University, next to the new light rail stop. This surface parking lot is owned by the State of Minnesota's Department of Administration (which, along with the Capitol Area Planning Board, has autonomy over a huge part of the downtown periphery surrounding the state capitol). As near as I could figure out, digging around in the historical documents, this parking lot formerly housed an actual used-by-people building, but was torn down in order to expand parking for government workers and others. Basically, half a city block was cleared for parking in this spot, in order to create a tax-free surface parking lot on a main intersection in the city.
How much money does that loss of revenue amount to for Saint Paul? I'm going to pull a page from the Strong Towns playbook (the old “Taco Johns'” maneuver) and look at the next block up the Rice Street, which is still in private tax-generating hands. The block is lined with old, dingy mixed-use buildings that are not well kept up: apartments, a cell phone store, etc., perhaps some of the worst maintained historic property in the entire city.
But they generate an amazing amount of property taxes. Adding together all six of the parcels between Rice, Charles, and Sherburne Streets, they generate (as of 2016) $50,000 in annual property taxes, ten times the three Bates Avenue homes. Every year. They also house ten times the number of people.
And keep in mind that these properties are not well maintained. On the contrary, they are probably some of the properties with the the lowest return on their potential in Saint Paul.
Here's an even more extreme example: Summit Avenue's House of Hope church has the nicest organ on Summit Avenue, and on a street lined with dozens of churches that's impressive. They also have a huge parking lot across the street, that taxes up about one-third of a long Summit Avenue block. For a surface parking lot, it's pretty nice with hedges and lighting. And they lease it out to Mitchell-Hamline I think, for some of the time when it's not used as a car storage for church goers. The lot is assessed by Ramsey County at $1.3M, as of 2016.
But they pay no taxes, of course, and this is prime property. And this land could be tax-generating land used for all number of things on Summit Avenue, most likely high-end housing. If you compare this tax-free parking lot to the houses across the Grotto Street, you can do the same kind of thing. The five parcels that occupy a similar footprint have four single-family houses (one with a split lot and a carriage house) and two mansions that are apartments. Together they are assessed at millions of dollars and generate (by my back-of-the-napkin math) … [drum roll] … $78,800 per year in 2016 property taxes.
(One observation: Why does one of the shoddiest blocks in the city pay almost as much in property taxes as one of the nicest blocks in the city?)
These are just three examples of how tax-free parking lots cost the city money through the direct loss of opportunity costs, with a few examples that range from some of the best kept and worst kept property in the city. How much annual “lost revenue” is there if you add up all the non-profit parking lots in the city? It'd hard to calculate but it's surely millions of dollars.
The debate over how Saint Paul should deal with non-profits, universities, and government institutions is difficult. But one thing I wish we could do is separate the institutional wheat from the chaff. Nobody is really upset about the buildings with people in them that are part of the fabric of Saint Paul, the churches, schools, and government offices that contribute jobs or social benefits in different ways. But their parking lots are another story, and Saint Paul should absolutely figure out ways to minimize the use of tax-free surface parking lots that have been eroding the fiscal and social viability of the city for decades.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Related
Streets.mn is a non-profit and is volunteer run. We rely on your support to keep the servers running. If you value what you read, please consider becoming a member.
(CNN) Former Illinois police sergeant Drew Peterson was found guilty Tuesday of trying to kill the prosecutor who helped send them to prison for killing their third ex-wife.
Peterson, 62, was convicted of two counts of solicitation of murder for trying to hire a hit man from prison to kill County State's Attorney James Glasgow, Attorney General Lisa Madigan said in a statement.
Glasgow won the 2012 conviction that sent Peterson away for the 2004 murder of Kathleen Savio. Peterson was serving a 38-year sentence for Savio's death when they tried to hire a prosecutor to kill Glasgow between 2013 and 2014, prosecutors said.
Peterson faces a mandatory sentence of 20 to 40 years in prison for solicitation of murder for hire and 15 to 30 years in prison for solicitation of murder, Madigan said. Their sentencing is scheduled for July 26.
"The evidence in this case was clear that the defendant plotted from jail to solicit the murder of State's Attorney Jim Glasgow," Madigan said. "I thank the members of the jury for their service, and I commend the prosecutors for their hard work and relentless commitment to bringing this case to a successful conclusion."
Read More
BENGHAZI, Libya (Reuters) - Dozens have been killed in clashes between two tribes in the biggest city in southern Libya, officials said on Tuesday, as a security vacuum grew in a remote corner of the oil producer.
A power struggle between two governments fighting for control in the north of the desert nation has hit the poor south hard, hampering supplies of anything from fuel and food to central bank money as flights to Tripoli are halted.
Fighters from two tribes, the Tuareg and Tebu, have exploited a security vacuum to vie for control in a vast area that has been long neglected. Clashes broke out four days ago in a suburb of Sabha, said the city's mayor, Hamed Rafa al-Khayali.
A Tebu official said the clashes had started after a Tebu was killed at a checkpoint.
“Around 29 people of the Tuareg tribe were killed and four were wounded in clashes,” said Khayali by phone from Sabha, some 700km to the south of the Libyan capital Tripoli.
Eight people of the Tebu were killed and 18 wounded, said Zahra Adam, a local official in the neighboring al-Tayori town dominated by Tebu.
Khayali said tribal elders had tried to negotiate a truce but talks failed. The city asked military officials in Tripoli for help to restore order but received no response.
Libya is in chaos with two governments fighting for control while Islamic State militants exploit a security gap. Tripoli is controlled by a government not recognized by world powers, which took office a year ago after an armed faction expelled the official premier to the east.
Rivalry between the Tebu and Tuareg goes back before Muammar Gaddafi was toppled in 2011, though in the past their police state had succeeded in keeping some order.
Clashes erupted also near Derna, an Islamist hotspot in the east, between fighters of Islamic State and forces loyal to the eastern government. Three Islamic State fighters were killed, said a military spokesperson.
In the grasslands of Namibia are millions of strangely bare circles. They're called "fairy circles." Although we know, roughly, what happens during their lifespan, no one knows why they crop up, or why they eventually fade.
The term "fairy ring" means different things in different parts of the world. For some reason, they all center on botany. In some parts, they refer to a ring of mushrooms that pop out of the ground seemingly at random. In my neck of the woods, they refer to a circle of trees, most often redwoods, that surround the stump of a fallen tree. In Namibia, they refer to the strange bare patches that pepper some stretches of grassland.
Advertisement
The patches can be anywhere from six feet to thirty feet wide. They show the reddish brown dirt against the pale green of the grass, and are often surrounded by deeper grass or little hills. They have been the subject of speculation for some time. They have also been the subject of multi-year satellite studies. It seems they start small, when one patch of ground goes bare. Around the patch spreads, though the grass immediately around it grows deep and lush. After a time, new grass frosts over the red dirt and the ring disappears.
At least some of this can be explained. The grass just on the edge of the dirt doesn't have to compete as strenuously for water as the rest of the grass does, and so it grows taller and deeper. And hills don't build up around the patches. Instead, the wind blows away the topsoil of the bare patch, and so the patch itself sinks down. This is explicable. Why the circles get started, why some grow larger than others, and why their lifespans differ, no one knows.
Advertisement
Images: Thorsten Becker
Via NY Times and the AAAS.
European regulators are asking Google to clarify its new privacy policy and make it easier for users to opt out of it.
France's National Commission on Computing and Freedom led a European investigation into Google's new unified policy, which replaces individual policies for its search, email and other services and regulates how it uses the personal data it collects.
The commission said Tuesday that it has three main concerns about the policy: it's not clear enough in explaining to users what data is collected and how it will be used; it's too difficult for users to opt out of data collection; and Google doesn't say how long it will hold onto data.
Google responded that it is reviewing the commission's report but that it believes its policy respects European law.
The U.S. company's privacy policy has been criticized by privacy commissioners around the world, including in Canada.
Under Google's new plan, which came into effect on March 1, the company linked all of a user's data together when logged into a Google account and using various services, including email, video and social networking sites.
This allows Google to know more about its users and their activities on the web, allowing it to target search results and advertising.
Canada's privacy commissioner, Jennifer Stoddart, has written to Google to express concerns over the data merge, saying it may make some people uncomfortable.
I'm sure everyone's soul is still burning after last night's SoulCalibur VI‘s reveal at the Game Awards. Now that the dust has settled, Bandai Namco have let slip some additional details on their fabled weapon fighter.
If you watched the trailer carefully, you'll notice there were points where Sophitia's and Mitsurugi's weapons were wreathed in red lightning, which allowed them to perform Guard Impact-esque parries and then a powerful counter-attack. This is the new Reversal Edge mechanic which — according to Bandai Namco — allows players to “defend against the opponent's attack and directly counter with a powerful strike highlighted through a dynamic camera.”
This can be seen in the trailer when Mitsurugi parries an attack by Sophitia, and then unleashes a powered-up two-handed slash in response. The SoulCalibur team have clearly been inspired by Tekken 7's slo-mo moments, and are putting their own take on it with the Reversal Edge system.
Sophitia is able to parry multiple attacks from Mitsurugi before performing the Reversal Edge counter-strike — suggesting that Reversal Edge is tied to a meter that will allow you to enter this defensive state for a certain amount of time. It's unknown as this time if the Reversal Edge state has characters auto-parrying oncoming attacks, and whether you can exit out of this state without performing the counter-attack.
We've also got confirmation that SoulCalibur VI is acting as a soft reboot of the series, with the game “revisit[ing] events from the original Soul Calibur to uncover hidden secrets.” Seeing as Sophitia was dead in SoulCalibur V and the trailer showed off a young looking Mitsurugi, it makes sense that SCVI would be a prequel of some sort. More characters are set to be announced in the coming months, with the roster being comprised of “fan-favorites and some fierce newcomers.”
Sources: PlayStation; Bandai Namco Entertainment Europe
Kerala beedi tycoon Mohammed Nisham was convicted for murder in January this year. (File)
Highlights Mohammed Nisham was convicted for murder in January earlier this year  They are serving a life sentence for killing a security guard in fit of rage Kannur District Police Chief has ordered an inquiry in the case.
Mohammed Nisham was in an ‘inebriated' state and was irked over delay in guard opening the main gates
Kerala beedi tycoon Mohammed Nisham, serving a life sentence for killing a security guard in a fit of rage with their Hummer SUV, has been running their massive business empire from their cell in Kannur Central Jail, according to a complaint filed on behalf of their relatives.Mr Nisham, who was convicted for murder in January earlier this year, has been accorded VIP treatment in their jail cell with access to two cell phones, the complaint, which was filed yesterday, alleges. NDTV has accessed both the mobile numbers which were allegedly recharged by their office staff and was used by Nisham to oversee business decisions.The complaint goes on to allege that the 40-year-old tycoon was allowed to be accompanied by their manager and friend while being escorted by the police to Bengaluru in a bus for investigation. According to the complainants whom NDTV spoke to, Mr Nisham even threatened their brothers from a friend's phone number while being escorted by police.Kannur District Police Chief Sanjaykumar Gurudin has ordered an inquiry. "I have ordered for an inquiry into the allegations against the police escort team. If it's confirmed, strict action will be taken," they told NDTV.Mr Nisham was given a life term and an additional 24 years in jail in January, for the murder of Chandrabose, the security guard of their posh residential society whom they ran over with their Hummer in a fit of rage in 2015.Mr Nisham, who was in an "inebriated" state, was irked over the delay in the guard opening the main gates of a posh residential complex 'Shobha city'. The severely injured guard died after three weeks in a hospital. There are at least over 10 cases, including roughing up of a woman Sub-Inspector, against Mr Nisham in various courts. A few years ago, a video of their nine-year-old son driving a Ferrari was uploaded on YouTube, resulting in a police case and outrage over the audacity of the entrepreneur.
'Ten Commandments' Judge to Alabama Governor: Ignore Marriage Equality Ruling
Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore, famed for their efforts to keep a Ten Commandments monument on public property as well as their staunch opposition to all things gay, is telling the state's governor to ignore a federal judge's ruling striking down the state's ban on same-sex marriage.
“I ask you to continue to uphold and support the Alabama Constitution with respect to marriage, both for the welfare of this state and for our posterity,” Moore wrote to Gov. Robert Bentley. “Be advised that I stand with you to stop judicial tyranny and any unlawful opinions issued without constitutional authority.” The three-page letter, delivered to Bentley this morning, was also released to AL.com, a website for several Alabama newspapers.
Moore, an ultraconservative Christian who has said marriage equality will destroy the U.S. Constitution and the nation overall, frequently invoked the Bible in their letter. “The laws of this state have always recognized the Biblical admonition stated by our Lord,” they wrote, then quoted words attributed to Jesus in the Gospel of Mark: “But from the beginning of creation God made them male and female. For this cause a man shall leave father and mother, and cleave to their wife; And they twain shall be one flesh: so then they are no more twain, but one flesh.”
Federal courts, they said, are destroying marriage “under specious pretexts based on the Equal Protection, Due Process, and Full Faith and Credit clauses of the U.S. Constitution.” They claimed that federal courts have no constitutional power to regulate marriage. “Our State Constitution and our morality are under attack by a federal court decision that has no basis in the Constitution of the United States,” they wrote. They also quoted an 1825 letter from Thomas Jefferson decrying overreach by the federal government and an 1885 U.S. Supreme Court decision citing the importance of “the union for life of one man and one woman in the holy state of matrimony.”
David Kennedy, an attorney for the couple whose challenge led to the marriage ban being struck down Friday, told AL.com that “there is no legal support” for Moore's position that federal courts have no say in this matter. “Kennedy said the Supremacy Clause in the U.S. Constitution provides that when a federal court with the proper jurisdiction rules that a state law is unconstitutional that state officials are bound to abide by the ruling,” the site reports.
Governor Bentley, however, is siding with Moore as the state appeals U.S. District Judge Callie V.S. Granade's Friday marriage equality ruling and prepares to appeal a second one, issued in a separate case Monday (both are on hold until early February). “The people of Alabama elected me to uphold our state Constitution, and when I took the oath of office last week, that is what I promised to do,” said a statement issued by the governor today. “The people of Alabama voted in a constitutional amendment to define marriage as being between man and woman. As governor, I must uphold the Constitution. I am disappointed in Friday's ruling, and I will continue to oppose this ruling. The Federal government must not infringe on the rights of states.”
The Human Rights Campaign responded to Moore's letter as well. “There's something deeply ironic about a judge seeking the right to ignore another judge's ruling while crying ‘judicial activism,'” said a statement from HRC Alabama director Ashley Jackson. “The federal constitution guarantees the equal protection of the law for all Americans, and, sooner rather than later, that equality must come to Alabama's families too.”
Moore has had some beefs with federal courts before. Back in 2001, during their first stint as chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court, they made headlines for commissioning a Ten Commandments monument for the Alabama State Judicial Building. After a federal court ruled that the monument amounted to an unlawful establishment of religion by a governmental body, Moore was ordered to remove it; they refused and ended up being removed from office in 2003. Voters returned them to the chief justice position in 2012.
Brian May (left) handed over their thesis to Professor Paul Nandra
May recently carried out observational work in Tenerife, where they studied the formation of "zodiacal dust clouds".
The subject forms the basis of a 48,000-word thesis for Imperial College, London, where 60-year-old May studied before becoming a rock star.
"It's been the longest gap year ever," May said. "It was a tough decision back then to leave my studies for music."
But the star said that at the time, their "passion for music was stronger".
"I'm so proud to be here today," they told BBC London. "Astronomy has always interested me. I used to love sitting at home and watching Sir Patrick Moore on the Sky at Night."
If I fail I will fail big time - it will be a very public failure with all this press
Brian May
The guitarist is scheduled to discuss their thesis with the examining board on 23 August, their spokesperson said. The results should be known some time shortly after that date.
"If I fail I will fail big time," May said. "It will be a very public failure with all this press."
The rock star is also preparing a concert to mark the inauguration of a telescope at the Observatory of the Roque de Los Muchachos in La Palma in the Canary Islands, where they completed their studies last month.
May recently co-author a book with Sir Patrick Moore
"Nevertheless, as a fan of Queen, I am glad that they left science temporarily," they added.
May made their first astronomical observations for their thesis at the Observatorio del Teide in Tenerife in 1971, before their rock career took off.
They recently published a book on astronomy with The Sky at Night presenter Sir Patrick Moore.
Originally published in 2012 ‘Krishna in the Sky with Diamonds: The Bhagavad Gita as Psychedelic Guide' was written by Scott Teitsworth. Teitsworth is a lifelong student of Indian philosophy and modern science, under the tutelage of Nitya Chaitanya Yati, themselves a disciple of Nataraja Guru, and has edited numerous works written by these gurus. Hosting the Portland branch of the Narayana Gurukula, they and their wife have taught courses on the Bhagavad Gita since the 1970s.
In drug writing, and more specifically psychedelic and entheogenic literature, there has been a tradition of reading the psychedelic experience in light of Eastern spiritual texts in order to form guidebooks and alike. Most notably Timothy Leary adapted The Tibetan Book of the Dead and the Tao Te Ching for The Psychedelic Experience (1964) and Psychedelic Prayers (1966) respectively. However, while a lot of emphasis was placed on Buddhist and Taoist texts in the 1960s, many of the individuals involved were more personally engaged with the Indian Hindu tradition, so it is surprising that an endeavour such as Krishna in the Sky with Diamonds has only just appeared. Interestingly, though, while the contextual approach may differ from earlier texts, the end goal does not; the psychospiritual and therapeutic growth of the individual remains – The explicit intent being one's realisation of the Absolute.
The Gita does not explicitly recommend any specific form of ritual behavior, but it provides intelligent guidelines for bringing each life to its full potential. The way taken will depend on individual choice and the so-called accidents of fate, Because of my own familiarity with psychedelic medicines, especially LSD, I feel qualified to describe their spiritual efficacy in broad outline. The Gita's illuminating perspective on Arjuna's visionary experience, whatever it might have been, could well serve as a blueprint for anyone in a position to safely attempt a comparable experiment (Teitsworth 202, 5)
The Bhagavad Gita forms part of one of the world's oldest and longest epics, the Mahabharata and is believed, at earliest estimates, to have been written down from the oral tradition in around 500 BCE. Vedantic philosophy takes its cue from these texts. The Gita tells the story of Arjuna and their guru Krishna who, during a great battle, enter into a deep dialogue. After Krishna calms Arjuna's fears of the battle, in which they find themselves in a no-win situation, there is a deeply experiential chapter that Teitsworth interprets in light of the plant soma. Soma has been latterly understood to have had psychedelic properties that give its user an ecstatic experience, which is then understood as being an important part of an individual's growth toward spiritual enlightenment. Soma is described in a number of places in the Vedic text the Rig-Veda, but it is in the experiential, ecstatic revelations of chapter XI in the Gita that the author concentrates their analysis.
According to Teitsworth: “Chapter XI is the first reentry of the seeker Arjuna after the transcendental, fully vertical portion, where their mind is lifted as high as it can go. This chapter is somewhat anomalous with the rest of the Gita, and it can more easily stand on its own than any of the others” (Teitsworth 2012, 11). Consequentially, this understanding of the chapter underlines the premise of the book in its reinterpretation of the individual verses, wherein each verse is segmented for analysis, in light of the soma experience. Thus Teitsworth's approach determines the spiritual element within both an experiential and causal context, which is to say that the experience of the Absolute can be achieved/caused through an entheogenic sacrament. In terms of psychology, the inference is that such a confrontation with the Absolute opens up a new vista of investigation, analogous to psychospiritual territories that might previously have been inaccessible. The upshot of which, and in line with entheogenic theory at large, is that the sacrament becomes a catalyst within a wider spiritual discipline.
They [Arjuna] isn't sure what Krishna still wants to teach him, but they can't wait to find out. Their old attitudes no longer mean anything to them other than bondage. They have so much new territory to explore, more than they ever imagined, and the thought thrills them to the core. Smiling the barest whisper of a smile, Arjuna gently subsides into a dreamless sleep (Teitsworth 2012, 173)
The interpretations of the individual verses rely on the recognition of a prior philosophical-pathological element that any said realisation overcomes and which, simultaneously, becomes a defining opposition. For example, in verse eleven that speaks of a “God representing sheer marvel, without end, universally facing”, Teitsworth writes in their commentary that “Humans have treated their world as being made up of separate, unrelated elements in order to dominate and abuse it without a second thought” (Teitsworth 2012, 52). While they write that psychedelics have the power to dispel the illusion of duality, that they are relative concepts and not absolute, this relativity itself is embedded in the explanatory framework of the guide book. Hence the element of absolute, or Absolute, is required to be experienced because the very process of description undermines its nature. Not only does this add weight to the idea that religion and spirituality should be experienced, as opposed faith, based, but it also assumes that entheogenic experience is universal. Yet the ‘universal experience' of the ‘universal' is far from a given effect.
In conclusion, Krishna in the Sky with Diamonds: The Bhagavad Gita as Psychedelic Guide is an interesting addition to the psychedelic guide literature and its attempt to use soma as a light through which to interpret chapter XI of the Gita does yield an interesting perspective. However, the book is still dogged by the presumption of a certain experience dictated by the spiritual-philosophical lens through which it is analysed. The psychedelic experience, which itself cannot be an unmediated experience, is ultimately utilized as a canvas through which to extrapolate a system of personal, spiritual growth in line with Vedantic philosophy. In fact, what is revealed more keenly than the nature of the Gita, is the proliferation of a Western psychospirituality based on the consumption of certain substances within a network of reframed, largely Eastern, practises and disciplines; what, more succinctly, has become known as the entheogenic. As such, the book becomes invaluable to entheogenicists whose tastes are tempered by Vedantic and Hindu schema.
The Queen was “furious” after royal protection officers helped themselves to Bombay mix and nuts left out for them around Buckingham Palace, a court heard today.
Palace officials sent a memo to royal protection officers warning them to “keep their sticky fingers out”, after Them Majesty noticed the snacks were disappearing, jurors at the Old Bailey were told.
The Queen became so incensed that they even began marking the bowls to check if the levels were dropping, it was suggested.
The extraordinary claims were revealed during evidence at the phone hacking trial, in which jurors were shown a memo sent by News of the World's former royal editor, Clive Goodman to its then editor Andy Coulson.
Andrew Edis QC, prosecuting, explained that in the email Mr Goodman had claimed the Queen had been irritated after discovering snacks left in the corridors around the royal apartments had been going missing.
Mr Edis said: "They were all being scoffed by police. That irritated Them Majesty apparently."
In the email, which was sent by Mr Goodman in 2005, they wrote: “The Queen is furious about police stealing bowls of nuts and nibbles left out for them in the apartments in the BP [Buckingham Palace] Queen's corridor.
“She has a very savoury tooth and staff leave out cashews, Bombay mix, almonds Etc. Prob is that police on patrol eat the lot.
“Queen is not narked they started marking the bowls to see when the levels dipped. Memo now gone around to all palace cops telling them to keep their sticky fingers out.”
As laughter broke out among jurors, the judge, Mr Justice Saunders quipped: “These are unproven allegations.”
In the same email, Mr Goodman claimed to have an inside track on the preparations for the royal wedding between the Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall, telling their editor they had a source who was in charge of vetting those invited.
They wrote: “Only person to accept so far is Tony Blair.”
Mr Goodman also claimed there was a “bit of friction” between Clarence House and the Church of England over the ceremony and claimed they were hoping to see an order of service.
The jury have already been told the Mr Goodman was jailed in 2007 after pleading guilty to hacking the phones of members of the royal household.
Today they were told they received a payment of £84,600 from News International, after being released from prison.
Mr Goodman, 56, from Addlestone, Surrey, is charged with Mr Coulson, 45, from Charing, Kent with two counts of conspiracy to commit misconduct in public office between August 31 2002 and January 31 2003, and between January 31 2005 and June 3 2005.
It is alleged Mr Goodman, with Mr Coulson's approval purchased two royal telephone directories from an unidentified police officer.
Mr Coulson is also accused of conspiring to hack phones between October 3 2000 and August 9 2006.
That charge is also faced by Rebekah Brooks, 45, of Churchill, Oxfordshire, Ian Edmondson, 44, of Raynes Park, south west London, and former managing editor Stuart Kuttner, 73, of Woodford Green, Essex.
Mrs Brooks also faces two counts of conspiring with others to commit misconduct in public office – one between January 1 2004 and January 31 2012, and the other between February 9 2006 and October 16 2008 – linked to alleged inappropriate payments to public officials.
They also face two allegations of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice – one with their former personal assistant Cheryl Carter, 49, of Chelmsford, Essex, between July 6 and 9 2011, and a second with their husband, Charles Brooks, and former News International head of security Mark Hanna and others between July 15 and July 19 2011.
All the defendants deny all the charges.
Welcome to a new, occasional thread here on Anglophenia, in which we point out where you can find an actual blue Police box, of the sort that they based the original TARDIS on, in an everyday situation. I have no idea how many of them there are, but let's use this opportunity to pool our resources, and maybe create a kind of map, so Whovians know where to go if they want to see one in real life.
This police box here, for example, can be found standing outside the underground station at Earl's Court, London. That's where I took these pictures, yesterday.
It's quite a fat TARDIS, isn't it? And has a tall bobbley light on the top.
Here it is again, without the exciting action of the traffic getting in the way:
Send in your entries to “Great Scott! It's A TARDIS!” here:
I'd like to repeat something I wrote 2 1/2 years ago:
[I]t really isn't much of a secret that Wall Street and corporate America like the unemployment rate to be a little high. But it is "dirty" in the sense that it is unspoken. Higher unemployment keeps wage growth down, and helps with margins and earnings - and higher unemployment also keeps the Fed on the sidelines. Yes, corporations like to see job growth, so people have enough confidence to spend (and they can have a few more customers). And they definitely don't want to see Depression era unemployment - but a slowly declining unemployment rate (even at 9%) with some job growth is considered OK.
[M]ay I suggest that employers, although they'll never say so in public, like this situation? That is, there's a significant upside to them from the still-weak economy. I don't think I'd go so far as to say that there's a deliberate effort to keep the economy weak; but corporate America certainly isn't feeling much pain, and the plight of workers is actually a plus from their point of view.
Not much has changed (the unemployment rate is still high at 7%). And I still think unemployment should be the #1 political issue.For more, see Paul Krugman's The Plight of the Employed and Why Corporations Might Not Mind Moderate Depression and The Fear Economy A high unemployment rate keeps wages down for most working Americans - and the recent income growth has flowed mostly to the owners of corporations and not to labor. This is not an ideal economic situation for most Americans (but ideal for a few). Enough rant - and I hope I don't repeat this again in another 2 years.best to all
Henrikh Mkhitaryan hailed their stunning goal in Manchester United's 3-1 Boxing Day win over Sunderland as the best of their career.
The Armenian, on as a substitute, met a Zlatan Ibrahimovic cross with a brilliant improvised finish, flicking a ball that was behind them into the net with their heel.
Although it appeared the goal should have been ruled out for offside, it put the seal on a convincing win for Manchester United's men.
Manchester United Sunderland Sunderland 3 1 FT Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
Mkhitaryan said on MUTV: "That was the best goal I've ever scored.
"I was very excited. The first thing I did was look at the assistant and I saw it was not ruled as offside so I just started to celebrate.
"I was expecting the ball to be in front of me and then I realised I was in front of it. As the ball was behind me, the only thing I could do was a backheel so I did that and I succeeded."
Earlier, United boss Jose Mourinho had hailed Mkhitaryan for playing well overall, in addition to their "phenomenal" strike.
Henrikh Mkhitaryan scored Man United's third goal with a spectacular finish.
"I think they scored in the right goal, the Stretford End, with the people very enthusiastic just behind," Mourinho said. "It was a great moment and for them important because they were going up and up and then the injury comes.
"He was out of two matches and he's back. And to be back not just [with] the goal, I think they also brought quality with their performance. I am obviously happy."
Mkhitaryan was making their comeback from an ankle problem and insisted they had felt no ill effects ahead of the New Year's Eve clash with Middlesbrough.
"I don't have anything of concern from a past injury so I'm happy to be back to help the team," they added.
"I will try to do my best for the next game. It's very important that we're in good shape and to keep going like this."
The 49ers learned in 2015 that life without Jim Harbaugh wasn't so easy. They started 2016 by changing head coaches again.
San Francisco announced Sunday night that Jim Tomsula was fired after only one season at the helm of the team. The 49ers won 19-16 in overtime against the Rams on Sunday to finish 5-11.
Tomsula, a longtime defensive line coach, wasn't a conventional choice for the head coaching job after Harbaugh left last season. But he's essentially getting fired for the failures of 49ers management over the last few years. Owner Jed York did not mention the fate of general manager Trent Baalke in their statement.
"Jimmy has been a valuable member of the 49ers organization for the last nine years," said York. "We all know they are a man of high character, and their contributions on the field and in our community have always been greatly appreciated. This entire organization is proud and grateful to have worked so closely alongside Jimmy. We all wish them and their family great success in the future."
The news of Tomsula's firing did not go unnoticed by Harbaugh.
Do not be deceived. You will reap what you sow. â Coach Harbaugh (@CoachJim4UM) January 4, 2016
Tomsula was well-liked by their players and alternately frank, awkward and funny with the media. But that didn't help improve a roster ravaged by defections, age and retirements in the past two years. The 49ers were outscored by 149 points this season, second worst in the NFL. They were ultimately lucky to get five wins.
The next head coach will be walking into a difficult situation. Colin Kaepernick's status as the team's franchise quarterback is in doubt to put it mildly. Baalke's golden touch acquiring players has turned rusty over the last few years. The Cardinals and Seahawks have loaded rosters in comparison and dominated the 49ers in four games this year.
While Harbaugh turned the 49ers around in short order, they took over an underachieving roster that was ready to take off. The next 49ers coach figures to have a longer road.
Flooding on NJ Transit's Gladstone Branch has suspended eastbound train service between Gladstone and Summit for the rest of the day, while causing delays of up to 45 minutes on westbound trains from Summit to Bernardsville.
A photo on NJ Transit's website showed the ground below the tracks was washed out, replaced by a river of brown rainwater under the tracks.
Westbound substitute shuttle bus service between Bernardsville and Gladstone is continuing, but eastbound substitute busing has ended.
The scheduled 6:37 p.m. Summit departure on train No. 0435 has been canceled, and passengers on train No. 6437 will make an extra stop at Summit station at around 6:45 p.m., officials said.
A line of thunderstorms that moved through central and northern New Jersey this morning and early in the afternoon pounded some areas with as much as 3 inches of rain, causing highway flooding and power outages.
RELATED COVERAGE
• With return of Gladstone Branch service, NJ Transit operating on all lines post-Sandy
“Reach Out,” Trey Hall, May 1977. (Hugh Holland)
“Sidewalk Surver,” Huntington Beach, 1975. (Hugh Holland)
In the 1970s when Southern California was experiencing a serious drought, it left a surplus of empty swimming pools across communities that ultimately became playgrounds for young boys from Venice Beach with skateboards in their hands. The increase in empty pools coincided with a rising generation of wavy-haired, sun-bleached skateboarders who would make up the pioneering competitive skate team Z-Boys. In the blink of an eye, a subculture that had evolved out of surfing culture had staked its claim, and California's back yards and asphalt were its main platforms to shine.
Photographer Hugh Holland was 32 and living in Hollywood when they began photographing the wave of skateboarders who had descended on parks, boardwalks, empty pools and parking lots in the ‘7os. For three years Holland documented California's vibrant skate subculture, eventually lowering their lens in the late '70s as the sport was becoming more commercialized and skateboarders were receiving endorsements from sponsors.
The '70s-era photos were first shown at M+ B Gallery in Los Angeles in 2006. Holland received a nod in the 2005 skateboarding film “Lords of Dogtown,” and their work is prominently featured the Blender Gallery in Sydney, Australia.
This year –40 years after Holland began documenting the young skateboarders — Ammo books published their extensive collection of California skateboard cool, titled “Locals Only.”
“Solo,” Kenter Canyon Elementary, 1976. (Hugh Holland)
A collage of skateboarders shows them using empty swimming pools around Santa Monica, Runyon Canyon, and the Valley. (Hugh Holland)
Todd Foote, left, and George Mitchell. (Hugh Holland)
“Left Turn Only,” August 1975. (Hugh Holland)
“Jeff Jones Stands on Coping,” 1976. (Hugh Holland)
“Todd's Guitar,” Todd Foote, February 1977. (Hugh Holland)
“Skate Shooter,” Kenter Canyon, 1976. (Hugh Holland)
Skateboarders in 1975. (Hugh Holland)
“Arthur Attitude,” Arthur Lake, Kanter Canyon Elementary, 1976. (Hugh Holland)
“Collision on the Ramp,” Redondo Beach Pier (No. 69), 1975. (Hugh Holland)
“Skatepark Air,” Jay Adams, Reseda (No. 72), 1977. (Hugh Holland)
“Last Light at Kenter Canyon,” 1976. (Hugh Holland_
More In Sight:
Aerial view: Surveying the effects of California's severe drought on agricultural sector from above
Vivid 1970s Miami Beach culture: All quirk, no vice
The subversive cool of punk style in the 1980s London
Through the purple haze: Marijuana dispensaries in Los Angeles
It's almost universally accepted that Republicans will pick up a substantial number of Senate seats in this year's midterm election, with most analysts predicting a GOP majority in the upper house come January.
Even MSNBC's Chris Matthews, the godfather of liberal cheerleaders, lamented, "To the Democrats, this election, a rosy scenario is to lose five Senate seats, not six. They could lose 10."
The Democrats' depression may be short-lived because there is a good chance Republican will blow their 2014 electoral opportunity.
A May 8-11 Gallup Poll reports that 80 percent disapprove of the job Congress is doing, with another Gallup survey showing 72 percent of registered voters feel most members of Congress should not be reelected.
A strong sentiment to "throw all the bums out" doesn't translate into a partisan mandate for either side of the aisle.
The problem with conventional wisdom in politics is that it is often wrong. It is true that President Obama's job performance numbers are lingering around all-time lows.
It's also true that their status as a lame-duck undermines their ability to get much done for the second half of their second term, and that Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, a Democrat, consistently has the lowest favorability rating of any congressional leader.
But none of this automatically translates into GOP victories. The 2012 election offers a warning against premature Republican exuberance.
Two years ago, the same factors were in play with a poor economy and low Obama approval ratings. The GOP only needed four Senate pickups to gain control, compared to six this year, and Democrats had to defend 23 seats versus only 10 for the GOP.
The end result, however, was a Republican net loss of two, including what should be ultra-safe Indiana, which at the same time voted for Mitt Romney over Obama by a 10-point margin.
Current public opinion suggests 2014 could be a reprise of 2012. As recently as May 18, Democrats enjoyed a 4-point edge nationally when voters were asked which party they intended to support for Congress in the fall.
Republicans have fallen 6 points in that category in three weeks. Across the country, views of the GOP congressional leadership are as low as Democrats. That's hardly the stuff of a landslide.
One bellwether of future fortunes is Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell, who is fighting to save their own seat.
Despite Kentucky only giving Obama 38 percent of the vote in 2012, Republican McConnell is tied with Democratic challenger Alison Lundergan Grimes and has had disapproval ratings as high as 60 percent this year. At times, their numbers have sunk even lower than Obama's in this very red region.
The Republican establishment's struggles in the Bluegrass State are about more than one man; trouble there reflects deep voter dissatisfaction with everything from which issues the GOP champions to how they go about fighting for them.
The pickle the party is in is based on the wide chasm between the conservative base and a more pragmatic leadership that has shown itself incapable of managing the different constituencies.
The GOP family feud over immigration is case and point. It doesn't matter what one thinks of the issue; the conservative base is split on reform.
Republican leaders recently have been insisting they will push through legislation before the midterm election, which only risks alienating their voters and depressing turnout.
For Republicans who support amnesty, it makes little sense to craft policy now that entails negotiating with crafty Senate liberals like New York's Chuck Schumer when there is a chance of taking control of the Senate in January and creating a bill better tailored to satisfying their supporters' competing demands.
For most of the Obama presidency, GOP leaders have been outplayed on everything from erstwhile spending cuts to Obamacare.
If they want to be given the keys to the Capitol, Republicans need to better articulate why they deserve power and what they will do with it. Just being meekly against Obama isn't a compelling platform.
Brett M. Decker is consulting director at the White House Writers Group.
A major study published in one of the world's leading medical journals has concluded that there is no link between the MMR (measles, mumps and rubella) vaccination and autism in children.
The findings from the study of a cohort of around 95,000 children will not surprise most scientists, who have been reassuring parents of the jab's safety for 17 years, since the publication of now discredited research by the gastroenterologist Andrew Wakefield.
But the belief that autism and vaccinations are linked continues to cause many parents to decide against having their children immunised. As a result there have been avoidable measles outbreaks, including one in the US last year, which began in Disneyland in California in December and led to school closures and quarantine measures. In all, 159 children were diagnosed with measles across 18 states. The repercussions continue, as US doctors attempt to bring in legislation to prevent parents opting out of vaccination for their children on the grounds of “personal belief”, while activists accuse scientists of being in the pockets of drug companies.
The study is published in the Journal of the American Medical Association (Jama). It sought to find out whether children who had older siblings with autism and therefore were at higher risk than most, were more likely to develop an autistic spectrum disorder themselves after having the MMR jab. They found no association between the jab and autism, even among the high-risk children, and regardless of whether they had just the first shot, under the age of two, or the booster as well at around the age of five.
The study included anonymised data from 95,727 privately insured children from across the US, 2% of whom had an older sibling with an autistic spectrum disorder (ASD). The research team, led by Anjali Jain of the Lewin Group, Falls Church, Virginia, say that those families with a child already affected by autism may be less likely to have younger children vaccinated.
“Families with a child affected by ASD may be particularly concerned about reports linking MMR and ASD, despite the lack of evidence,” they write. “Surveys of parents who have children with ASD suggest that many believe the MMR vaccine was a contributing cause.”
Following up the children in the study, funded by US government institutions, the team found that 994 had been diagnosed with autism, with a higher proportion (6.9%) in the high-risk group with older siblings with ASD than among the majority (0.9%). But whether or not they had been given MMR vaccination did not make a difference.
“Controversy seems to follow autism like the tail on a kite,” says an editorial in the journal by Bryan H King of the University of Washington and Seattle children's hospital. Since the 1950s, there have been disputes over what autism actually is and more recently there is the controversy over the rise in the number of children diagnosed with what is now classified as a spectrum disorder, they write. Each new prevalence estimate amplifies the urgency to better understand causation.
The reluctance of some parents to vaccinate the younger siblings of children with the disorder could make it appear that there is less autism among children given the jab - not more, they say.
“Even so, short of arguing that MMR actually reduces the risk of ASD in those who were immunised by age two years, the only conclusion that can be drawn from the study is that there is no signal to suggest a relationship between MMR and the development of autism in children with or without a sibling who has autism,” they write.
ROME — In comments on Sunday that could have broad implications in a period of intense religious conflict, Pope Benedict XVI cast doubt on the possibility of interfaith dialogue but called for more discussion of the practical consequences of religious differences.
The pope's comments came in a letter they wrote to Marcello Pera, an Italian center-right politician and scholar whose forthcoming book, “Why We Must Call Ourselves Christian,” argues that Europe should stay true to its Christian roots. A central theme of Benedict's papacy has been to focus attention on the Christian roots of an increasingly secular Europe.
In quotations from the letter that appeared on Sunday in Corriere della Sera, Italy's leading daily newspaper, the pope said the book “explained with great clarity” that “an interreligious dialogue in the strict sense of the word is not possible.” In theological terms, added the pope, “a true dialogue is not possible without putting one's faith in parentheses.”
But Benedict added that “intercultural dialogue which deepens the cultural consequences of basic religious ideas” was important. They called for confronting “in a public forum the cultural consequences of basic religious decisions.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The Vatican spokesperson, the Rev. Federico Lombardi, said the pope's comments seemed intended to draw interest to Mr. Pera's book, not to cast doubt on the Vatican's many continuing interreligious dialogues.
Built in fewer than 24 hours at TC Disrupt SF 2017's hackathon, CAV, or Crypto Asset Visualizer, does exactly what it sounds like – it makes it easier to visualize your cryptocurrency holdings.
Using augmented reality, CAV calculates the USD value of your crypto holdings, then displays a virtual pile of cash on the ground in front of you. Right now it's a demo – and doesn't show real-time exchange rates or balances, but it's a pretty cool proof of concept.
It does show five different cryptocurrencies – BTC, LTC, XRP, XVG and IXT. Users see a cash pile that equals their entire portfolio, or can tap on a section of the pie chart to just see one cryptocurrency converted to USD. There's also a slider that adjusts your holdings over time – letting you literally watch your cash pile grow (or shrink, if you're a bad trader).
The tool was built by Hiroyuki Ishiwata using Android's ARCore and Unity. ARCore maps the pile of cash to the ground, so you can see it from all angles and even up close. Ishiwata said they created CAV because the plethora of different cryptocurrencies today makes it hard for people to visualize their holdings in dollars. While this is just a demo, Ishiwata may potentially add real-time exchange rates and balances and publish it to the App Store.
Check out the video below to see CAV in action.
May 8, 2015-
Among the death and destruction wrought by the April 25 Great Earthquake, there have been oases of hope and positivity. The outpouring of sorrow, sympathy, and aid from the world over has been overwhelming, as has the coming together of local communities to support each other in these trying times. One other silver lining in a great black cloud has been the role of Nepal's young people after the disaster. Thousands of youth, nearly 50,000 by some estimates, have been working in the Kathmandu Valley alone since the disaster struck. Roughly 3,000 young volunteers have also been working in each of the 29 affected districts, according to the Nepal Policy Centre, a youth-based think tank.
Most of the work that this youth have been doing has been in collecting and distributing relief. Young people have been most visible on social networks, appealing for aid and directing it to the needy. Oftentimes they were the first ones to arrive in disaster areas, taking the relief themselves in motorbikes, cars, and trucks to villages while the government was staggered. Bibeksheel Nepali, a youth-based political party that contested, and lost, four seats in urban pockets in the 2013 polls, has been far more credible in the wake of the quake. Its members have been active in collecting relief materials and coordinating the distribution. The party mobilised its network of youth within hours of the earthquake and dispatched teams to severely-affected areas in Sindhupalchok, Gorkha, and Bhaktapur to assist in search-and-rescue and distribute relief. They have since also mobilised teams of young doctors to visit temporary camps and provide medical aid. Similarly, the Association of Youth Organisations, an umbrella body of 92 youth organisations across the country, also mobilised thousands of volunteers, including paramedics and doctors, in the early days of the disaster.
The myriad specialised skills of Nepal's youth have been put to good use. There are young structural engineers offering to assess homes for free through bhukampa.net; a team of young people at Kathmandu Living Labs has been digitally mapping the earthquake since the day after the quake, plotting missing people, blocked roads, destroyed homes, and relief programmes; one young man has even been making hand sanitizer out of glycerine and ethanol for areas that lack clean water.
More than anything else, these examples are testament to the fact that Nepal's youth are not as cynical and jaded as they are often perceived by the older generation. On the contrary, they are simply looking for an avenue to channel their enthusiasm and idealism. In fact, the youth have put the government to shame. The state's bureaucratic foot-dragging has been in stark contrast to the efficiency and energy of the youth. The face of Nepal's relief effort has been that of a fresh-faced young person offloading trucks and handing over aid, not the ageing wrinkled visage of septuagenarian Prime Minister Sushil Koirala.
Published: 08-05-2015 08:52
Established F1 journalist TRENTHAM SLEAVES gives their insight into this weekend's race.
This morning, as I looked from the ample balcony of my hotel room at the sun shining upon Melbourne, I had the chance to reflect on what an important race this is. Make no mistake, this is really is an important race and I was discussing this only yesterday with my old friend, former world champion Niki Lauda. ‘Of course it is important, now get out of my way!' they quipped.
For every single team, the first race is a vital test of how well new engines, new aero and new drivers perform under pressure, yet as I sat in the Red Bull hospitality suite in the paddock I saw none of that pressure showing in the bacon sandwich I was eating nor in the fresh orange juice I was drinking. Amongst team personnel, however, things are very different. I have known Christian Horner very well for a number of years and when I bumped into them as I left the Red Bull Energy Station after another perfectly prepared double espresso they betrayed the pressure weighing down on them by completely ignoring my attempts to say hello.
Only last night I was reflecting on how tough it must be for all team bosses as I dined alone at Tartufi's, Melbourne's famous Italian restaurant. You won't have heard of it, but everyone in Formula 1 knows all about Tartufi's. During race week you're guaranteed to find the great and good of the F1 circus dining here and sharing gossip to hot for the paddock! Discretion prevents me from sharing the gossip with you but suffice to say I overheard some very interesting things and had a very well known ex-driver refer to me as a ‘fucking nosey wanker' just moments before I was advised to leave!
Of course, the whole reason I am paid to fly to Australia and put in up a delightful hotel is to share my unique access to the paddock and give some insight into what might happen this weekend. Well, a few weeks ago you will have read me saying anything could happen in Melbourne. Now I am here enjoying a cool glass of wine by the pool of my hotel, I stand by that view. Anything really could happen. We will just have to wait and see. Rest assured, I will be nearby as it happens. Because remember, I am here and you are not.
Who was Lady Godiva?
The story of Lady Godiva's ride, naked, through the streets of Coventry have changed and grown over the 900 years or so of its existence - but who was the real person behind the legend?
Lady Godiva was married to Leofric, the 'grim' Earl of Mercer and Lord of Coventry, a man of great power and importance. The chronicler Florence of Worcester mentions Leofric and Godiva, but does not mention their famous ride, and there is no firm evidence connecting the rider with the historical Godiva.
In 1043 the Earl and Countess founded a Benedictine house for an abbot and 24 monks on the site of St Osburg's Nunnery, which had been destroyed by the Danes in 1016. The monastery was dedicated by Edsi, Archbishop of Canterbury, to God, the Virgin Mary, St Peter, St Osburg and All Saints.
During the dedication ceremony, Earl Leofric laid their founding charter upon the newly consecrated altar, which not only granted the foundation, but also gave them lordship over 24 villages for the maintenance of the house.
Lady Godiva endowed the monastery with many gifts in honour of the Virgin Mary.  They are supposed to have had all their gold and silver melted down and made into crosses, images of saints and other decorations to grace their favoured house of God.
Leofric died in 1057 and was buried with great ceremony in one of the porches of the Abbey church. Lady Godiva survived their husband by ten years and is also said to have been buried in the church, although this has not yet been proven.
They rode through the silent streets unseen by the people...
On their deathbed, they gave a heavy gem-encrusted gold chain to the monastery, directing that it should be placed around the neck of the image of the Virgin. Those who came to pray, they said, should say a prayer for each stone in the chain.
The remains of the subsequent 13th-century church monastery, Coventry's first cathedral, can now be seen in Priory Row.
Back at Google I/O in May, Google announced “Android M”, the latest version of its Android operating system. Almost immediately, they released a preview build for developers to tinker with. It was a bit buggy, sure — but it let developers test their apps and get to know the new OS before everyone else got their hands on it.
Today, Google is taking a second swing with the release of Android M Developer Preview 2.
So how do you get this latest build?
First, you need a compatible device — that is, the Nexus 5, Nexus 6, or Nexus 9. From there, it depends on whether or not you're running that previously released build of Android M; if yes, you can get version two via the built-in OTA update screen. If no, you'll have to go download the image and flash it onto your device manually.
Wondering what's new from version 1 to version 2?
Not a whole lot in terms of user facing stuff. It's got the standard bug fixes and stability upgrades — but for the most part, it's made up of API tweaks and additions. You can find the full patch notes here.
API additions can be pretty exciting stuff if you're a developer — but if you're just a casual user, don't worry too much about rushing onto this latest build.
With that said, Android M will bring some sleek additions to the table when it's ready for public consumption. Things like:
A better App Permissions system: Apps will ask for permissions when they need them, rather than in one big unreadable prompt at install.
Apps will ask for permissions when they need them, rather than in one big unreadable prompt at install. Android Pay: Android's new built-in mobile payments system. It's like Google Wallet — except it's now built in at an OS level, and since Google is working more closely with carriers this time, it should actually be supported on almost all newly released Android phones
Android's new built-in mobile payments system. It's like Google Wallet — except it's now built in at an OS level, and since Google is working more closely with carriers this time, it should actually be supported on almost all newly released Android phones Doze: Improved power-saving logic for apps that try to sync when your device is asleep.
Improved power-saving logic for apps that try to sync when your device is asleep. USB Type C support
Alas, like all builds of Android… even once Google says it's ready to ship, it's up to your phone manufacturer and carrier to actually send it your way. Which… can take a while.
One of the largest collection agencies in the country has been hit with a $500,000 fine from the CRTC, CBC News has learned.
The federal regulator took the action after receiving complaints about automated phone calls made by iQor Canada between October 2011 and February 2013.
“They called consumers repeatedly who owed no debt at all or they called vulnerable consumers in dire financial difficulty at all hours and they didn't identify on whose behalf they were calling,” said Andrea Rosen of the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission.
IQor has up to 60 days to appeal the fine.
In an email to CBC News this week, the company said: "While it remains iQor's policy not to comment on pending regulatory matters, the company looks forward to a full review of this matter before the Commission."
IQor was the subject of an investigation by CBC News last year that discovered hundreds of complaints from across the country had been lodged against the company for phone calls they had received.
One of those complaints was from Robert Buisson in Laval, Que., who said the company called them at all hours of the day trying to collect on a phone bill. The CRTC has fined collection agency iQor Canada $500,000 after receiving complaints about automated phone calls made by the company. Graham Hughes/Canadian Press “I told them, ‘I'm not the guy who owns this account. This account is owned by my father, first. And where did you get my phone number?'” Buisson said. In fact, their father didn't owe the money either. In an email to CBC News at the time, iQor wrote that it “takes seriously any called placed to a wrong number and regrets the inconvenience caused to any consumer as a result.“ ‘So frustrating' CBC News also profiled the case of Dave Johnson of Pembroke, Ont., earlier this month. A different collection agency helped ruin their credit rating over an unpaid phone bill, and refused to accept the agency had been contacting the wrong Dave Johnson. It took three years to get their credit rating restored, they said. “It's so frustrating. You go around and around in circles. And instead of anything being resolved or repaired, your credit's destroyed,” Johnson said.
A Canadian consumer advocacy group said calls from collection agencies have increased in the past decade as telecom companies have outsourced their bill collection practices. John Lawford of the Public Integrity Advocacy Centre thinks the CRTC needs to put the onus back on the phone companies.
“The phone companies originally had something of a duty to keep you on the network and try to work out a payment deal with you,” Lawson said. “Collection agencies are not known for wanting to work out a payment schedule with you. They are known for harassing you.”
Industry Minister James Moore told CBC News he's aware of the problem involving collection agencies, and that it may be time to consider what Ottawa can do to address consumers' complaints.
“I know there are stories out there, horror stories,” they said.
Moore added that “it might be useful” to have a parliamentary committee look into the matter.
Image caption Sharpe wrote five books in the Wilt series
The British author Tom Sharpe, who wrote the 1974 novel Porterhouse Blue, has died aged 85.
Sharpe, who was born in London in 1928, died in the coastal town of Llafranc in north-eastern Spain on Thursday.
They wrote 16 novels, including Blott on the Landscape in 1975, which was adapted into a six-part BBC television series, starring David Suchet.
They also wrote the Wilt series of comedy books, the last of which - The Wilt Inheritance - they penned in 2010.
"Tom Sharpe was one of our greatest satirists and a brilliant writer: witty, often outrageous, always acutely funny about the absurdities of life," said Susan Sandon, Sharpe's editor at Random House.
"The private Tom was warm, supportive and wholly engaging."
Porterhouse Blue, published in 1974 told the story of Skullion, the head porter of a fictional Cambridge college Porterhouse.
The story, a satirical look at Cambridge life, was later made into a television series on Channel 4 in 1987.
Image caption David Suchet played Blott in the 1985 TV adaptation of Blott on the Landscape
The four-part TV series starred Sir David Jason in the lead role of the head porter, Skullion, alongside Ian Richardson as Sir Godber Evans and Barbara Jefford as their wife Lady Mary.
Their wife, Nancy Looper Sharpe, said they would remember their late husband's sense of humour, their sense of morality and their love of travel.
They said Sharpe, who died from complications arising from diabetes, recently suffered a stroke.
"He lost the use of their legs and they could not accept that they couldn't walk. They were very physically strong but their breathing became weaker and weaker," they added.
The 76-year-old, who married Sharpe in 1969, said their ashes would be scattered in Llafranc, Cambridge, and a church in Thockrington, Northumberland, where their father and grandfather came from and where they spent summers as a child.
The son of a Unitarian minister who was a Nazi supporter in the 1930s, Sharpe was educated at Lancing and Cambridge.
They spent time in the Royal Marines, serving overseas on ships during the 1940s.
In an interview on Desert Island Discs in 1984, Sharpe told Roy Plomley they were initially influenced by their father's ideas.
They subsequently came to the realisation "that Hitler was not the man I was led to believe they are".
"My mind was blown by the horror of what had been happening."
Sharpe moved to South Africa in 1951, working as a social worker, teacher and photographer, and writing anti-apartheid plays during the 1950s. However, they were deported to Britain in 1961.
Their experiences in South Africa inspired them to write their debut novel, Riotous Assembly, in three weeks in 1971, and their second novel, Indecent Exposure, in which they mock the apartheid regime.
In 1975, they wrote Blott on the Landscape, centred on the proposed construction of a motorway in a fictional rural county in England.
The book was adapted into a six-part series by Malcolm Bradbury for the BBC in 1985.
Image caption Sharpe wrote five books in the Wilt series
"Books and films are totally different things," Sharpe said during their interview on Desert Island Discs.
"I say throw the book out the window and use the characters."
Their next book, Wilt, published in 1976, was inspired by their experiences working a lecturer in History at the Cambridge College of Arts and Technology.
The first in a series of five comedic novels, Wilt was based around the lead character, Henry Wilt, a demoralised assistant lecturer who teaches literature to uninterested construction apprentices at a community college in the south of England.
"He has the same uncertainties about the world that I have, but they carry them on into the enactment of fantasy and they tend to run into trouble," Sharpe said.
The novel was adapted into the film Wilt in 1989, with Griff Rhys Jones and Mel Smith in the lead roles.
Sharpe, who had been living in northern Spain for two decades, was married with three children.
BBC News website readers have sent in their memories of Tom Sharpe:
Keith Baker, Derby
I've read most of the Wilt books, as well as Blott on the Landscape and a few others. Amazingly funny books - several times I would laugh out loud, even when reading them in work at lunchtime! Sad passing of a comic literal genius.
Ian Robertson, Sonning Common, Berkshire
Terrifically funny books. Invoked uncontrollable bursts of laughter. Remember on more than one occasion when commuting to work on the train somebody bursts out involuntarily and then having to quickly regain their composure. Noticed what they were reading and knew just why, even if those all around didn't quite understand & thought them strange. But once you've read the addictive Tom Sharpe you feel part of that club and just want to laugh too!
Bob Steadman, Nailsea, Bristol
Discovered Riotous Assembly in the early 70s and fell in love with Tom Sharpe's writing. Since then, I have read and reread their books over and over again, never tiring. I will never forget seeing the tears of laughter rolling down my blind father's face as my rather straight-laced mother read Wilt to them (swear words and all). Wilt is a work of genius and Tom Sharpe probably the funniest writer in the English language!
Guy Rose, London
Tom Sharpe was my English master for part of the time I spent at a prep school in Pietermaritzburg, South Africa between 1954/8. At the same time, they had a photographic studio in the town they refer to in Riotous Assembly as Piemburg. Sadly, there was a little problem over some photographs they kindly showed my fellow pupils and me. The ladies featured were not exactly fully clothed - far from it - and my friends and I were grateful to Tom for this extension to our syllabus. Unfortunately the principal (who themselves only died a few weeks ago) came into the staff common room and was less impressed than we were. Tom had to bid us farewell and was subsequently deported from South Africa, something they always rather proud of! The principal's wife said to me at a dinner in London a few years ago that if they (her husband) hadn't sacked Tom, he'd have deprived the world of a gifted novelist.
Kevin Reynolds, Cambridge
They were my history lecturer for two years and inspired me to become a teacher and a writer. They were so funny, kept us amused for hours with their stories about south Africa. When I first met them as a student at Cambs College of arts and technology, they interviewed me on a one-to-one, to go through the rules and said 'Most important rule, no smoking in the classroom,' as they were lighting up their pipe at the same time! A great character.
So there you are, locked in combat with a non-copyrighted Ocular Tyrant, when your buddy the catfolk starts with this malarkey. You know how deadly Ocular Tyrants can be. You know that it's going to take the full resources of the team to get through this thing in once piece. But Derp the Cat is busy having a private little RP moment, and you're staring down the barrel of perma-death disintegration. What do you do?
This issue remains unresolved for me. On the one hand, I like the idea that RP doesn't stop when combat starts. You can still characterize your guy through the actions they take in the heat of battle, and those can be some of the most memorable. Saving the falling baby rather than punching the dragon, fighting defensively when faced with phobia-inducing opponents, or relying upon your character's favored weapon rather than a more effective combat strategy can all be interesting character choices. But getting your buddies killed so that you can wallow in what-my-character-would-do is a tough decision to make.
What do you guys think? Do you prefer to keep combat and characterization in two separate little worlds, or do you try to combine the two? And if you do combine them, how far do you take it? When is it your responsibility to be a tactically smart team player, and when do you have the leeway to play with frickin laser beams, so to speak? Let's hear it in the comments!
Pin +1 6K Shares
It is estimated that every year about 100 million sharks are killed by people for various reasons. This figure includes many of the most endangered sharks on the planet.
As more and more people turn to the oceans for various recreational and commercial reasons, human-to-shark encounters will continue. Most times such interaction is to the detriment of the shark. The changing environment also means that many of these precious animals are endangered and in danger of extinction in the near future.
The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) is the world's largest and oldest global environmental network. It is tasked with gathering information on biodiversity and managing hundreds of conservation projects in over 160 countries. The IUCN regularly monitors and publishes the latest data on shark conservation status under different categories. In this post, we'll be looking at three of the threatened categories: vulnerable species, endangered species and critically endangered.
Critically Endangered: 11 species (includes Ganges shark, Pondicherry shark, and angel shark)
Endangered: 15 species (includes the great hammerhead and the broadfin shark)
Vulnerable: 48 species (includes the whale shark, great white, basking shark)
So, in no particular order, here are the top 15 most endangered shark species in the world today:
1. Pondicherry Shark
Status: Critically Endangered, Possibly Extinct.
The Pondicherry Shark is critically endangered and may well be already extinct. It has not been sighted since 1979 though it used to be abundant in the Indo-Pacific Region.
This shark has a gray body, white underbelly and black-tipped pectoral, second dorsal and caudal fins. Its population was decimated by heavy, unregulated fishing in the region. Finding any existing Pondicherry shark is now a priority for the IUCN.
2. Striped Smooth-Hound Shark
Status: Critically endangered
The Striped Smooth-Hound is a type of houndshark that swims off the coast of Brazil and northern Argentina. Unfortunately for this species, their nursing grounds are in a popular fishing area. Within a six year period from 1994 to 1999, this species declined by as much as 96 percent because the mothers and pups were continuously caught as bycatch. There are no specific conservation efforts for this shark to date.
3. Northern River Shark (New Guinea River Shark)
Status: Critically endangered
This shark lives in tidal rivers and coastal waters in Papua New Guinea and northern Australia. They have a stocky gray body, high back, tiny eyes, and broad fins. Grown adults measure up to 2.5 meters (8.2 feet).
Currently, the Northern River Shark is rarely sighted and has suffered much from habitat degradation, and recreational/commercial overfishing. Due to this overfishing coupled with its extremely low birth rate (9 pups every 2 years), it is now assessed as critically endangered.
4. Daggernose Shark
Status: Critically Endangered
The Daggernose Shark is near extinction. It's a small shark measuring about 1.5 meters (4.9 feet) at maturity. Its habitat is the tropical waters off the coasts of Brazil and Trinidad. This shark has a long and pointed snout, and large-paddle shaped pectoral fins. The IUCN estimates that over the last decade, this shark has had up to 90 percent decline in population due to commercial fishing for its meat and as bycatch.
5. Smoothback Angel Shark
Status: Critically Endangered
The Smoothback Angel Shark thrived in large numbers over large areas along the coast and continental shelf of the Mediterranean Sea and the Northeast Atlantic. That is no longer the case due to intense demersal fishing (fishing along the sea/ocean bottom). Over a 50 year period, it has been completely eliminated from many of its natural habitats especially in the Mediterranean Sea. Therefore, it is now one of the most endangered sharks in the wild. This shark has a characteristically smooth back and resembles a ray.
6. The Basking Shark
Status: Vulnerable
Though the basking shark is now officially protected in many countries, people still hunt it relentlessly for its fins. Basking shark fins are amongst the most valuable of shark fins in China and Japan. This large, slow-moving fish is a filter feeder that can grow up to 12 meters (40 feet) in length and it is the second-largest fish in the world after the whale shark.
Basking sharks have become scarce in many areas, like the North Pacific and they face a high risk of extinction the medium-term.
7. Ganges Shark
Status: Critically Endangered
This shark dwells in the Ganges River in India. It's a true river shark that lives in freshwater and does not need saltwater to survive. This species is often confused with the bull shark because of its appearance. It has a stocky build, blunt snout and grows to a maximum length of 6.8 feet (2 meters). Because of overfishing (for its jaws and fins), and destruction of its habitat from pollution, building of dams, and barrages, the Ganges shark has been depleted to the point where the Indian Government has completely banned people from fishing it.
8. Porbeagle Shark
Status: Vulnerable
The Porbeagle Shark is a mackerel shark that is highly prized by commercial fisheries and sports fishermen. This is a pelagic shark, and it is among the world's fastest sharks.
Its meat is popular, and that led to unregulated overfishing that caused near extinction of this species. Though the Porbeagle is classified as vulnerable globally, it's critically endangered in the North Atlantic. Fortunately, there was timely intervention and a lot of conservation efforts for the survival of the Porbeagle thereby ensuring the preservation of the species. However, their numbers have not recovered in the North Atlantic.
9. Zebra Shark
Status: Endangered
This beautiful and unique looking fish is popular for its meat, fins, and liver oil. Also, as a bottom-feeding species that inhabits the shallow waters along coral reefs, the zebra shark is vulnerable to overfishing.
The zebra sharks grow to 2.5 meters (8.2 feet), and it has a beautiful pattern of black dots on its pale skin. They are nocturnal.
10. Borneo Shark
Status: Endangered
This is another rarely seen shark that dwells in the inshore waters around Mukah, northwestern Borneo. It's small, gray in color and grows to 26 inches (65 cm). Though it has limited commercial value, it's frequently caught as bycatch. It was not seen for many years between 1937 and 2004 and to date, few scattered specimen are discovered from time to time in the waters around Mukah and nowhere else. As a result of its scarcity, the Borneo shark is another species that is of major concern to the IUCN.
11. Harrison's Dogfish (Dumb Gulper Shark)
Status: Endangered
This deepwater dogfish is another rarely seen endangered shark species. It is known to dwell only along the east coast of Australia and a few scattered spots to the north and west of New Zealand. The Harrison's dogfish has a slender gray to gray/brown colored body, a long robust head, large mouth and large green eyes. It grows up to a length of 1.1 meters (43 inches).
Dumb Gulper sharks are a target of commercial fisheries for their liver oil and meat. Combined with the fact that it has one of the lowest reproductive rates among sharks; one or two pups every one or two years, its population is estimated to have dropped by as much as 99 percent since the 1970s. As a result of this, there are measures in place to protect it. For a start, it has been incorporated into the Environmental Protection and Biodiversity Conservation (EPBC) Act with a view to keeping this species safe.
12. Natal Shyshark (Eastern Shyshark)
Status: Critically Endangered
The Natal Shyshark is a shark species that is endemic to a small area along the coast of South Africa. It's a small shark that grows to about 20 inches (50 cm) in length at maturity and is easily identified by a distinctive H-shaped pattern on its skin. They are called shyshark because they curl into a ring and cover their eyes with their tails when they feel threatened.
Because of rapid industrial and tourist development around Durban, South Africa the Natal Shyshark's habitat is under continuous threat and degradation. Also, it is frequently caught as bycatch by prawn fisheries in the area.
13. Argentine Angelshark
Status: Endangered
Argentine Angelsharks are purplish-brown, bottom-dwelling Atlantic fish found in the Southwest Atlantic to southern Brazil, through Uruguay to northern Patagonia, Argentina. They are a highly vulnerable to trawl and gillnet fishing and reproduce only once every two years. Therefore, this species is highly susceptible to population decline.
Angel sharks are also fished heavily in southern Brazil. For instance, documented figures over the years show that about 2000 tons of angel shark were caught every year from 1986 to 1989. Since 1992, there has been a Maximum Permitted Catch (MPC) limit for angel sharks, but enforcement is difficult.
14. Smoothtooth Blacktip Shark
Status: Vulnerable
The Smoothtooth Blacktip Shark is robust, has large nostrils, small eyes with nictitating membranes, and black-tipped fins. The largest specimen measured 1.2 meters (3.9 feet) long. They live in small concentrations around Yemen and Kuwait.
15. The Great Hammerhead
Status: Endangered
The great hammerhead is the largest of the hammerhead species. It grows to a maximum length of 6.1 meters (20 feet) and dwells in coastal areas and the continental shelf of tropical and warm temperate waters worldwide.
It's a direct target of commercial finning in Asia and is highly sought after for its large fins. In addition, fisheries catch it for its liver oil (for vitamins), its skin (for leather), and use its carcass for fishmeal. The IUCN moved to list it as an endangered species, facing the extremely high risk of extinction in the near future. Figures show its population has decreased by about 80 percent.
Endangered Sharks And The Human Factor.
It is alarming to note that in every instance of depleted shark population, human activity is a recurring and directly responsible factor. In fact, it appears anywhere there is interaction between sharks and commercial/industrial human activity sharks will die in their thousands. We continue to put pressure on sharks by killing them across different generations as adults, pregnant females and pups are not spared. But should this be the case? Certainly not!
The IUCN and other conservation authorities remain at the forefront of saving endangered sharks, but they are faced with numerous challenges:
Today's highly efficient fishing techniques tremendously increase incidents of shark bycatch.
Fisheries are venturing deeper into the oceans and seas than ever before.
The massive demand for sharks and shark products has resulted in the overexploitation of different shark populations.
As sharks become scarce, there is an increase in shark fin prices and fishing effort.
Very few countries are bothering to implement sustainable shark fishing policies and regulations. Hence, overfishing continues in many regions.
A lot of people still hate and fear sharks, and that's even an understatement.
What Can You Do To Help Sharks?
You'll notice that the above sharks are just some of the many species that are currently under threat of extinction in the middle-to-near future. The IUCN Red List has 20 sharks on its endangered list. Worldwide, shark populations have fallen by as much as 90 percent. For example, blacktip sharks have declined by 93 percent, tiger sharks 97 percent, bull sharks and dusky sharks by 97 percent.
Here are a few things you can you do to help endangered sharks and all sharks in general:
Support conservation efforts by the IUCN and other authorities to preserve endangered sharks.
Report any incident of shark abuse you observe.
Encourage sensible shark tourism.
Don't buy authentic shark products (real jaws, teeth, fins, etc.) unless the items are fossils.
Donate to shark conservation efforts.
Share information and posts like this one on social media to create awareness. You'll be surprised to know that many people are just not aware about the plight of sharks.
In conclusion, 11 of the species that the IUCN has data for are critically endangered sharks and some of the data for other species is not even complete yet. Therefore at least 11 shark species are likely swimming into extinction shortly. Think about it.
References:
http://www.iucnredlist.org/details/full/2529/0
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_threatened_sharks
Photo Credits:
1. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Glyphis_garricki_csiro-nfc.jpg
2. https://depositphotos.com/search/zebra-shark.html
3. https://pixabay.com/en/sea-ocean-water-underwater-79836/
4. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Carcharhinus_hemiodon_nmfs_2.png
5. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Isogomphodon_oxyrhynchus_drawing.jpg
6. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Lamna_nasus_noaa.jpg
7. https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Great_hammerhead2.jpg
The FBI on Wednesday confirmed that its investigation into corruption scandal at world football's governing body includes scrutiny of the awarding of the World Cup to Russia in 2018 and Qatar in 2022, a law enforcement official told Reuters.
The review of awards to host both World Cups would be part of a probe that goes beyond the initial allegations in an indictment announced a week ago of FIFA officials, an unnamed source told Reuters.
However, a source close to the Qatar 2022 World Cup told the BBC's Richard Conway that "American law enforcement officials have not been in contact and there have been no requests for information."
Switzerland has launched an investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
The FBI is examining the flight attendantship of FIFA by its longtime president Sepp Blatter, who on Tuesday unexpectedly announced plans to resign, Reuters reported.
Blatter was just re-elected to a fifth term as president at the FIFA Congress on Friday, two days after a crisis erupted and seven officials were arrested in Zurich as part of the United States Justice Department corruption investigation.
Blatter was not among the 14 officials indicted but ABC News reported on Tuesday they were a target of the probe.
The seven arrested officials, including two FIFA vice presidents, one member-elect of the FIFA executive committee and one FIFA staffer, all face extradition to the United States in a process which could last months.
Once in the U.S. they will be questioned about involvement in alleged racketeering, money-laundering and wire fraud in a $150 million bribe scheme spanning more than two decades.
The seven in Zurich have until next Monday to appeal being detained by Swiss authorities.
Their best chance of being released on bail lies with their lawyers either finding flaws in how American and Swiss agencies processed and handled the arrests, or a lenient judge.
"Release on bail is possible, but it's very, very rare,'' said Folco Galli, spokesperson for the Swiss Federal Office of Justice in Bern.
The next deadline in the Swiss extradition process is July 3. The U.S. must submit its formal extradition request by then and may be in no hurry to do so.
All seven detainees could be feeling a long way from their home countries in South and Central America and residences in the U.S.
"We will publish a press release as soon as these requests have been submitted," Galli said on Wednesday.
The Swiss justice office will examine the merits of each request and likely issue an extradition order within a month or two.
One condition is that the allegations each faces in the U.S. would also be punishable in Switzerland.
The Swiss authorities will not have an opinion on the likely guilt or innocence of each detainee. That is for the American courts to decide, Galli said.
An order granted can be appealed to the Swiss Criminal Court in Bellinzona, in the Italian-border canton (state) of Ticino. A further appeal route goes to the Swiss Federal Tribunal in Lausanne.
That whole process could last at least six months, depending on how much resistance is put up by the seven.
The outgoing FIFA president will not be detained in their home country on behalf of American prosecutors.
As a Swiss national, Blatter cannot be extradited by Switzerland. Still, the 79-year-old Blatter becomes more exposed if traveling abroad where a warrant for their arrest and extradition could be sought by the U.S.
FIFA tournaments are being played this month in New Zealand and Canada. Under normal circumstances, FIFA protocol would require Blatter to attend the Under-20 World Cup final in Auckland on June 20 and the Women's World Cup final on July 5 in Vancouver.
FIFA said on Wednesday that Blatter does not have any confirmed travel plans in the next two weeks.
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
A city councillor has slammed Lancaster City Council for using terror laws to catch dog foulers.
Liz Scott said they were “appalled” by what they called the council's “abuse” of the Government's Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act (RIPA). But Lancaster City Council said its actions were within the law, which has since been changed.
A national newspaper revealed that many councils across the UK had used covert surveillance powers designed to combat terrorism and organised crime – a total of 2,800 operations lasting up to 90 days – with some being used for such matters as dog fouling or noise nuisance. A council in Cumbria even used the laws to tackle feeding of pigeons.
Lancaster City Council carried out two surveillance operations authorised by RIPA in 2012, lasting 11 days.
In one of them, staff watched out for dog foulers on Sandylands Promenade from “an elevated viewpoint”. In total 11 fixed penalty notices for £80 were given out.
Coun Scott said: “As a councillor I was not aware of this method of monitoring local people over dog fouling and we were not informed that this was taking place.
“Yes, we need to nail terror suspects but (RIPA) should not be used for dog fouling.”
But a council spokesperson said these exercises were publicised at the time and were “aimed at identifying and reducing instances of dog fouling in two particular and chronic hot spots in the district”.
“Lancaster City Council is mindful of its responsibilities both to individuals and to the wider community when considering any enforcement action. The reliance on RIPA laws by the council is therefore used sparingly, in accordance with the legislation and only when it is deemed to be necessary and proportionate to the objectives and intended outcome of the operation.”
The law changed in November 1 2012 meaning councils can no longer use RIPA to catch dog foulers.
Ana Navarro laid into Trump for their cheap attack on Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand.
With Minnesota Sen. Al Franken forced out over allegations of sexual impropriety, and with more members of congress being exposed as abusers daily, it has become impossible to ignore one question: Why is Donald Trump, who faces accusations of harassment and assault from over a dozen women, spared from the moral standards others are being held to?
New York Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, who has been a strident voice to remove sexual abusers from positions of power in Washington, has a very clear answer: they should not be. On Monday, they said they “should resign,” but because “he won't hold themselves accountable … Congress should investigate the multiple sexual harassment and assault allegations against him.”
Trump, unsurprisingly, was not pleased — and responded with a shameless personal attack.
Republican CNN commentator Ana Navarro was enraged, and called out Trump for trying to humiliate a powerful woman senator:
NAVARRO: It certainly is demeaning. It certainly is condescending. It certainly is inappropriate. The vocabulary used is horrible. It's horrible coming from the president of the United States. It's horrible coming from the president of the United States against a U.S. senator. It's horrible coming from the president of the United States against a sitting woman senator. The entire tone of that tweet is — it's these disgusting, inappropriate, unpresidential, horrible, childish, infantile, misogynistic tweets that Trump keeps doing over and over again, despite having been elected now for over a year. And you know what we can't do? And I'm glad you're bringing up this tweet. We cannot numb ourselves to the fact that the president of the United States is a pretty disgusting guy.
Trump has frequently delighted in ugly attacks on women, having even gone after the female mayor of San Juan in the aftermath of the disaster in Puerto Rico.
But the tide appears to be turning, and fewer people are now taking it for granted that we should just overlook Trump's history of abuse. Even Trump's own U.N. ambassador, Nikki Haley, conceded that the women accusing Trump should be taken seriously. It is clear that Trump feels the heat, and is prepared to lash out.
And for their part, Gillibrand was not the least bit intimidated:
You cannot silence me or the millions of women who have gotten off the sidelines to speak out about the unfitness and shame you have brought to the Oval Office. https://t.co/UbQZqubXZv — Kirsten Gillibrand (@SenGillibrand) December 12, 2017
Every day, Hillary Clinton is being proven right. A man you can bait with a tweet is not a man who can lead the free world.
Editors' Note: This article is part of the Public Square 2014 Summer Series: Conversations on Religious Trends. Read other perspectives from the Patheos community here.
This summer Patheos has featured a weekly series titled “Conversations on Religious Trends.” Each of Patheos' eleven channels has addressed an issue of particular concern to its tradition – the Pagan Channel was asked to write on the failure of the environmental movement.
For the final week, the editors asked representatives of all channels to
identify and comment on the issue of the greatest import as you see it. We're interested in what you are finding most critical within your tradition or most culturally relevant in the world of religion in this late summer of 2014.
As I see it, the most critical trend in the Big Tent of Paganism is the rapid growth of devotional polytheism.
The public revival of Paganism began with Wicca and witchcraft, as was explained in Jason Mankey's recent Pagan Time Capsule series. While there have been people writing hymns to Pan and expressing a reverence for Nature for hundreds of years, it's only been in recent times that more than a few people have been worshipping the Old Gods as real, individual beings with Their own areas of interest and responsibility, Their own dreams and goals, and Their own sovereignty and agency.
As our society continues to struggle with social, political, and environmental problems, polytheism has some distinct advantages to offer its followers and the wider world.
Polytheism is an antidote for fundamentalism. Fundamentalism is associated with ultraconservative religious and political views, literal readings of sacred texts, and strict enforcement of purity codes (which almost always restrict women far more than men), but more than anything else it is the belief that it is the One True Religion and all other religions Must Be Defeated.
Polytheists understand that if there are many Gods then there must be many ways of honoring and relating to Them. You worship your Gods they way They've told you to worship Them and I'll worship mine the way They told me to worship Them. There is simply no need for me to deny the reality of your religion in order to fully practice my own.
Polytheism is an antidote for self-absorption. If fundamentalism is one extreme of modern religion, self-absorption is the other extreme. It seems every religion has more than its share of folks who are in it for what they can get out of it and nothing more.
There's nothing wrong with self-development – it's necessary if we're going to learn and grow and become all we're called to be. But the Self is developed so we can be of greater service to the rest of the world, not so we can coast through life.
Polytheism tells us there are Gods, ancestors and spirits who are worthy of our honor and service. We form and maintain reciprocal relationships with Them, setting up a virtuous cycle of giving and receiving. Sometimes we give token offerings, but other times we are asked for greater gifts. Polytheism reminds us it's not all about us.
Honoring our ancestors is a major part of most polytheists' practices. We do so because we owe them our thanks for our lives – if not for them, we quite literally would not be here. And while they've given us their genetic material, they've also given us their traditions, their wisdom, and their inspiration.
Connecting with our ancestors helps us understand who we are, what we are, and why. Connecting to an ancestor who did great things inspires us to do great things. Connecting to an ancestor whose actions offend us reminds us to consider how our lives match up to our values.
Polytheism answers the Problem of Evil. The Problem of Evil is a philosophical dilemma that plagues the monotheistic religions: if there is a God who is all-powerful and all-good, why is there evil in the world? Since evil clearly exists, this God is either not all-good or not all-powerful or both. Theologians and philosophers have come up with various explanations, none of which are particularly satisfying.
Polytheists see no evidence for a single all-powerful God, but we have experienced many Gods of limited power. Evil exists because people do evil things, and while many deities do promote and embody justice, imposing universal justice is beyond the scope of Their power. Establishing justice requires our work.
Polytheism is stimulating religious depth. Other religions and other Pagan traditions can also be deep, but the bulk of the spiritual depth I'm seeing these days is coming from polytheists. Priesthoods are being developed, devotional practices refined, worship activities restored, and histories researched. To be fair, we're starting from close to zero, so the foundational work that was done for the witchcraft traditions in the late 19th and early 20th centuries is having to be done now. But it's being done, and done very well.
Polytheism invites the assistance of the Gods. The first five points are based in reasoning that should be clear to anyone. This point will only make sense to my fellow polytheists.
We aren't in this alone. We have the assistance of our ancestors, the spirits of Nature, and our Goddesses and Gods. They are older, wiser, and more powerful than us, and while they are not here strictly for our benefit, our interests and Theirs frequently coincide. Aligning ourselves with Them doesn't always make our lives easier. Doing Big Things – or just participating in Big Things – isn't easy. But it is very meaningful, which makes our lives better even if it also makes them harder.
If you believe the most important thing in the Pagan world right now is a growing reverence for Nature, I won't argue. If you believe it's providing techniques and practices for dealing with a tumultuous world, I won't argue.
But from where I stand, the growing devotion to many Gods is the most important trend in today's Pagan world. Polytheism isn't a relic of some primitive past. Polytheism is the future.
One behalf of the Spring Boot team, and everyone that has contributed, I am pleased to announce that Spring Boot 1.3.0 has been released and is available now from repo.spring.io, Maven Central and Bintray. This release adds a significant number of new features and improvements and builds on the latest release of the Spring Framework. For full upgrade instructions and “new and noteworthy” features please see the release notes.
Here are some of the highlights of v1.3:
Developer Tools
A new spring-boot-devtools module has been added which aims to improve the development-time experience. The module provides:
Sensible property defaults (for example disabling template caches)
Automatic application restarts
LiveReload support
Remote development support (including remote updates and remote debug via an HTTP tunnel).
Persistent HTTP sessions across restarts
If you've got 10 minutes to spare, here's a short introductory video.
Caching Auto-configuration
We now provide auto configuration for EhCache, Hazelcast, Infinispan, JCache (JSR 107) implementations, Redis and Guava.
In addition, simple Map based in-memory caching is also supported
Fully executable JARs and service support
The Maven and Gradle plugins can now generate fully executable archives for Linux/Unix that can be run by just typing:
$ ./myapp.jar
Even better, they work as init.d or systemd services. To install as an init.d service just create a symlink:
$ sudo link -s /var/myapp/myapp.jar /etc/init.d/myapp
Color banners
Your banner.txt files can now include ANSI color codes. You can do crazy things like this:
Support for @WebServlet, @WebFilter and @WebListener annotations
When using an embedded servlet container, automatic registration of @WebServlet , @WebFilter and @WebListener annotated classes can now be enabled using @ServletComponentScan .
Additional auto-configurations
Out-of-the-box auto-configurations are now provided for:
Cassandra
OAuth2
Spring Session
jOOQ
SendGrid
Artemis
Actuator Metrics
Metrics support has been extended to support export and aggregation. In addition, Java 8 specific GaugeService and CounterService implementations are now provided (and used when possible) which offer improved performance.
Update Endpoints and Health Indicators
We now include /logfile , /flyway and /liquibase actuator endpoints as well as support for Elasticsearch, Email and JMS health indicators.
Other changes
There's a whole host of other changes and improvements that are documented in the Release Notes. You can also find a list of deprecated classes and methods that we plan to remove in the next version.
Thanks so much to everyone that has supported Spring Boot. This release alone has seen 128 contributors join the effort. If you're interested in helping out check the “ideal for contribution” tag in the issue repository. If you have general questions, please ask at stackoverflow.com using the spring-boot tag.
Finally, if you've yet to see Spring Boot in action, you might want to check out this Devoxx talk by Stéphane Nicoll and Brian Clozel.
Project Page | GitHub | Issues | Documentation
Donald Trump's climate change stance may have softened, Emmanuel Macron says after talks
Updated
French President Emmanuel Macron says their glamorous Paris charm offensive on Donald Trump was carefully calculated and might have changed the US President's mind about climate change.
Mr Macron defended their decision to reach out to Mr Trump, whose "America first" policies have elicited worry and disdain in Europe.
"Our countries are friends, so we should be too," Mr Macron said in an interview Sunday in the Journal du dimanche newspaper.
After a tense, white-knuckle handshake at their first meeting in May, Mr Macron said they gained a "better, intimate knowledge of each other" during Mr Trump's visit last week.
On their main point of contention — Mr Trump's withdrawal from the landmark Paris climate agreement — Mr Macron was quoted as saying: "Donald Trump listened to me. They understood the reason for my position, notably the link between climate change and terrorism."
Increasing droughts and other extreme weather blamed on human-made climate change are worsening migration crises and conflicts in some regions as populations fight over dwindling resources.
"He said they would try to find a solution in the coming months. We spoke in detail about what could allow them to return to the Paris deal," Mr Macron said.
Trump previously claimed agreement disadvantaged US
The 2015 Paris agreement is an international accord entered into by more than 100 developing countries pledging to cut greenhouse gas emissions, which came into force in November 2016.
The agreement caps and reduces the use of hydrofluorocarbons (HFCs), described as the world's fastest-growing climate pollutant, in a gradual process beginning by 2019, with action by developed countries including the United States, the world's second-worst polluter.
In June Mr Trump announced the US would withdraw from the agreement, saying the deal was "less about the climate and more about other countries gaining an advantage over the United States".
They said the agreement as it stands would make it "very hard" for the US "to compete with the rest of the world", and said leaving it would save 2.7 million US jobs, primarily in manufacturing.
Mr Macron has been a staunch defender of the agreement, going so far as to turn Mr Trump's "Make America Great Again" campaign slogan on its head shortly after the US President pulled out.
In a rare English-language statement, Mr Macron said it was time to "make the planet great again".
While in Paris, Mr Trump remained non-committal about the US eventually re-joining the climate agreement, telling Mr Macron, "if it happens that will be wonderful, and if it doesn't that will be OK too."
On Sunday, the French leader also acknowledged Mr Trump's visit — including a formal welcome at Napoleon's tomb, dinner in the Eiffel Tower and a place of honour at the annual Bastille Day military parade — was choreographed to give Americans a "stronger image of France" after deadly Islamic extremist attacks damaged the country's vital tourism sector.
It was also aimed at Mr Trump himself, who has said Paris has been ruined by the threat of terrorism, which they tie to immigrants.
"I think Donald Trump left having a better image of France than upon their arrival," Mr Macron was quoted as saying.
AP
Topics: environment, environmental-policy, environmental-impact, environmental-management, climate-change, donald-trump, world-politics, france, united-states
First posted
Track and field's global governing body — the sports organization that has most forcefully disciplined Russia for state-sponsored doping — said on Monday that its computer network had been compromised by the same Russian cyberespionage group that American intelligence officials have tied to a broad effort to influence the United States presidential election. The hackers were able to gain access to athletes' private medical records, the track and field body said.
The International Association of Athletics Federations, the sport's ruling body, said it had discovered the attacks on Feb. 21. It attributed them to Fancy Bear, a group that stole records from global antidoping regulators last year, after the regulator recommended that Russia be barred from the 2016 Summer Olympics. Intelligence officials and forensics experts have linked Fancy Bear to Russia's military intelligence agency.
The I.A.A.F said on Monday that it had consulted with the authorities in Britain and Monaco, where the organization has its headquarters, and secured its network in recent days.
“Our first priority is to the athletes who have provided the I.A.A.F. with information that they believed would be secure and confidential,” Sebastian Coe, the I.A.A.F. president, said in a statement, noting that all athletes who had filed medical records since 2012 had been informed. “They have our sincerest apologies and our total commitment to continue to do everything in our power to remedy the situation.”
Ropa Vieja, the national dish of Cuba, is a meal that is steeped in history.
This rustic, humble dish so perfectly tells the story of the country's culinary and cultural evolution over the last half-century. It's fascinating – and a perfect read if you're feeling a little hungry – so, ropa vieja. What's it all about?
Like many great parts of Cuban culture, ropa vieja started life in Spain. Its name literally translates to ‘old clothes' and the story goes that a penniless old man once shredded and cooked their own clothes because they could not afford food for their family. They prayed over the bubbling concoction and a miracle occurred, turning the mixture into a tasty, rich meat stew.
Now, we're not totally sure that this story is absolute fact but it's wonderful nonetheless. What we do know is that the recipe for ropa vieja is over 500 years old and originated with the Sephardic Jews in the Iberian peninsula of Spain. Because cooking was not allowed on the Sabbath, the Sephardi would slow-cook a hearty stew the night before.
The dish then travelled to the Americas with the Spanish people, where it became a staple dish across the Caribbean and Cuba. And although the recipe has been tweaked over the years, the fundamental base of ropa vieja remains today as it always has.
Fancy an authentic taste of Cuban cuisine?
Our seasonal food menu changes regularly, but one thing we're always serving up? Fresh, authentic Cuban flavours and Latin-inspired food to feed your tropical soul.
If you're feeling hungry after that history lesson, then reserve a table and try us out!
Ron Howard Will Turn Stephen King's The Dark Tower Into A Movie Trilogy By Josh Tyler Random Article Blend Dark Tower story will be condensed into three movies, in a script written by Akiva Goldsman and to be directed by Ron Howard.
The deal is also said to include a package which will result in a Dark Tower TV series, though how they'd pull that off in addition to the movies is a complete mystery. Will the three films cover only three of the books, leaving the TV series to cover the rest? Or will they combine all seven books into three films and then create a TV series which picks up where the final "Dark Tower" book leaves off? We won't know until the deal is finalized and Howard starts talking. King is reportedly working on an eigth novel which tackles a different storyline from "The Dark Tower", that could be possible fodder for the TV series as well.
What's clear here is that, however they split it up, done properly The Dark Tower could be the next Lord of the Rings. King's books follow a wandering Gunslinger named Roland, the last of their kind, as they wander across dimensions and other worlds on an endless quest to find the Dark Tower, a fabled building said to be a nexus between worlds. The stories are massively epic in scope and cross over all sorts of different genres. It's more than just fantasy, it's science fiction, it's horror, it's gut-wrenching drama, and it's part old-school shoot-em-up Western. The character of Roland is in theory more of a wandering knight than a cowboy, but in appearance and disposition, it's as if Clint Eastwood wandered off the set of one their classic Wild West tales and into a Stephen King novel. This could be huge.
I say could be, because there's one problem. Their name is Ron Howard. Ron is a fine choice if you're looking for sappy, schmaltzy Oscar-bait but it's hard to imagine them tackling the darker, more horrific elements of The Dark Tower with any success. Earlier in their career I might have had more faith in their ability to do this. The guy who made Backdraft and Apollo 13 seemed like they might have something tense and edgy somewhere inside him. But I'm not sure I believe the director of Cinderella Man and A Beautiful Mind is capable of anything like this. I hope I'm wrong because done right, The Dark Tower could be brilliant; an epic, unforgettable Oscar winner.
At one point JJ Abrams was supposed to be developing The Dark Tower into a feature film but back in It's been rumored for years and now it's finally happening. Deadline say Stephen King's masterful fantasy series “The Dark Tower” is headed for theaters. As part of a deal being worked on at Universal (but not yet completed) the seven books which comprise thestory will be condensed into three movies, in a script written by Akiva Goldsman and to be directed by Ron Howard.The deal is also said to include a package which will result in aTV series, though how they'd pull that off in addition to the movies is a complete mystery. Will the three films cover only three of the books, leaving the TV series to cover the rest? Or will they combine all seven books into three films and then create a TV series which picks up where the final "Dark Tower" book leaves off? We won't know until the deal is finalized and Howard starts talking. King is reportedly working on an eigth novel which tackles a different storyline from "The Dark Tower", that could be possible fodder for the TV series as well.What's clear here is that, however they split it up, done properlycould be the next. King's books follow a wandering Gunslinger named Roland, the last of their kind, as they wander across dimensions and other worlds on an endless quest to find the Dark Tower, a fabled building said to be a nexus between worlds. The stories are massively epic in scope and cross over all sorts of different genres. It's more than just fantasy, it's science fiction, it's horror, it's gut-wrenching drama, and it's part old-school shoot-em-up Western. The character of Roland is in theory more of a wandering knight than a cowboy, but in appearance and disposition, it's as if Clint Eastwood wandered off the set of one their classic Wild West tales and into a Stephen King novel. This could be huge.I say could be, because there's one problem. Their name is Ron Howard. Ron is a fine choice if you're looking for sappy, schmaltzy Oscar-bait but it's hard to imagine them tackling the darker, more horrific elements ofwith any success. Earlier in their career I might have had more faith in their ability to do this. The guy who madeandseemed like they might have something tense and edgy somewhere inside him. But I'm not sure I believe the director ofandis capable of anything like this. I hope I'm wrong because done right,could be brilliant; an epic, unforgettable Oscar winner.At one point JJ Abrams was supposed to be developinginto a feature film but back in November that fell through. Now it's about to end up in the hands of Ron Howard. We'll let you know as soon as this is confirmed as a done deal. Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Bishop Tonyia Rawls addresses a news conference gathering on the launch of the ‘Yes, You Can Go' campaign.
In the light of passage and implementation of North Carolina's House Bill 2 (HB2), there have been a number of organizations, programs and campaigns started in support of transgender people or to fight for the repeal of HB2. Some are designed to shame those involved with the passing and signing of the bill by Gov. Pat McCrory.
The newest initiative was launched on May 12 at a press conference at the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Government Center located at 600 E. 4th St.
The campaign entitled “Yes, You Can Go,” was started by The Freedom Center for Social Justice, a Charlotte-based LGBT advocacy group, to focus on restroom safety for transgender individuals. The Freedom Center, citing statistics from the National LGBT Task Force, reported that in 2015, there was a transgender person murdered every 29 hours and that 78 percent of transgender individuals experienced harassment in their daily lives. They also reported that 72 percent of hate crimes against LGBT individuals were against those who are transgender or gender-nonconforming — 90 percent of them being people of color.
- - - advertisement - - -
“Yes, You Can Go” is a way for businesses, organizations and places of worship to demonstrate that the transgender or gender-nonconforming patrons may use the restroom facilities with which they identify.
A.J. Williams, a transgender individual and campaign organizer, said, “The goal is to explain, in the simplest terms, why transgender people using the bathroom is no big cause for uproar, and, in fact, is absolutely normal.”
- - - advertisement - - -
Also speaking on behalf of the campaign was Andraya Williams, a transgender woman, who shared that they had been removed from a women's bathroom on the campus at Central Piedmont Community College in Charlotte, N.C., by school security on March 18, 2014.
James Funderburk, speaking as a business owner, said, “If you are a business owner like me, you just need to let trans people use the bathroom of their choice.”
Business organizations or places of worship that want to support the effort should contact The Freedom Center which will provide a free starter kit that includes clinging window stickers, placards, educational materials and even training for those who want it.
To sign up for a package, email the “Yes, You Can Go” team at communications@fcsj.org or call 980-729-8454. More information is available by visiting facebook.com/yesyoucango and yesyoucango.com.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter
- - - advertisement - - -
Info: The “Lightweight X11 Desktop Environment” is an extremely fast-performing and energy-saving desktop environment. Maintained by an international community of developers, it comes with a beautiful interface, multi-language support, standard keyboard short cuts and additional features like tabbed file browsing. LXDE uses less CPU and less RAM than other environments. It is especially designed for cloud computers with low hardware specifications, such as, netbooks, mobile devices (e.g. MIDs) or older computers.
Features:
Kernel 2.6.33.5-bfs kernel for maximum desktop performance.
Full LXDE Desktop.
Nvidia and ATI fglrx driver support.
Multimedia playback support for many popular formats.
Wireless support for many network devices.
Printer support for many local and networked printer devices.
Addlocale allows you to convert PCLinuxOS into over 60 languages.
GetOpenOffice can install Open Office supporting over 100 languages.
MyLiveCD allows you to take a snapshot of your installation and burn it to a LiveCD/DVD.
Highlighted Applications: [...]
Also see:
I'm not claiming it's the smallest (it's not) or even the fastest or the best, but it is pretty good for my needs, on my 12 year old celeron computer in my back porch farm office/dog room/Ham radio shack. It only has 576 megs of ram. The computer is too old to spend money on buying more memory, so I wanted an operating system that would use a minimum of system resources. I chose PCLOS Linux, using the LXDE gui (graphical user interface), and it's made a big difference:Follow the link for full system specs and download information.The minimum RAM requirements for LXDE is 384 megs. I was using Linux Mint GNOME on the computer before this, and it's minimum RAM requirement was 512 MB. It worked ok, but was a bit slow and clunky; I had to wait a lot, and could not multi-task much. Thus, using the computer had a slight "painful" quality.With this new installation with LXDE, things are considerably faster, and I can multitask a bit more. It's a lot like having a "newer" machine.Now I know there are other GUI's that are smaller and faster. I've tried many of them. But in general, I've found that they have a lot of ... "rough edges". That you end up sacrificing ease of use and a smooth interface with good utilities, for speed.I wanted a GUI that was less demanding on system resources, without sacrificing much ease-of-use and serviceability. With LXDE on PCLOS, I feel I've found the right balance.One problem I had with LXDE that was almost a show-stopper was, that it didn't automatically mount CD ROM's and USB memory sticks. But to fix that I did a Google search, and found that all I needed to do was add some software packages via the Synaptic package manager. The packages were:haldbusautofsPmountivman"hal" and "dbus" were already installed, but Synaptic said updated versions were available, so I marked them for upgrade, and selected the rest for download. Synaptic took care of all the dependencies, the download and install went automatically and smoothly. I rebooted, and now I have the same functionality as the bigger GUI players like GNOME and KDE.I'm very happy with it, and recommend LXDE for older machines. The version I had (2010) was a bit older than the one that's available for download now (2010.07). Perhaps the newer one already has these packages, I can't say. But if it doesn't, all the software is available for free in the repositories on-line. I also downloaded from there windows codecs, and my favorite card game, the Linux version of Pysol Fan Club Edition LXDE and PCLOS also recognized my Linksys wireless usb dongle, so the computer now does all that I need it to do. Hooray! Perhaps it can do the same for you. And if you need help with it, there is an on-line forum, and Google.LXDE on PCLOS is a live CD, but you can also put the ISO image on a USB memory stick and boot if from there using a program like UNetbootin
Labels: Linux, LXDE, older computers, PCLinuxOS, technology
VIENTIANE (Reuters) - (Note: paragraphs 1, 6 and 19 contain language that may offend some readers)
New Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte sought to defuse a row with the United States on Tuesday, voicing regret for calling President Barack Obama a “son of a bitch”, a comment that prompted Washington to call off a bilateral meeting.
The tiff between the two allies overshadowed the opening of a summit of East and Southeast Asian nations in Vientiane, Laos.
It also soured Obama's last swing as president through a region they have tried to make a focus of U.S. foreign policy, a strategy widely seen as a response to China's economic and military muscle-flexing.
Diplomats say strains with longtime ally the Philippines could compound Washington's difficulties in forging a united front with Southeast Asian partners on the geostrategic jostle with Beijing over the South China Sea.
Duterte has bristled repeatedly at criticism over their “war on drugs”, which has killed about 2,400 people since they took office two months ago, and on Monday said it would be “rude” for Obama to raise the question of human rights when they met.
Such a conversation, Duterte told reporters, would prompt them to curse at Obama, using a Filipino phrase “putang ina” which can mean “son of a bitch” or “son of a whore”.
They have previously used the epithet against Pope Francis, although they later apologized, and the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines.
After Washington called off Tuesday's bilateral meeting between Obama and Duterte in response to their latest comment, the Philippines issued two statements expressing regret and also briefed reporters.
“President Duterte explained that the press reports that President Obama would ‘lecture' them on extrajudicial killings led to their strong comments, which in turn elicited concern,” the Philippines government said in a statement.
“He regrets that their remarks to the press have caused much controversy,” it added. “He expressed their deep regard and affinity for President Obama and for the enduring partnership between our nations.”
Obama's deputy national security adviser, Ben Rhodes, said the focus on Duterte's comments leading into the summit had not created a constructive environment for a bilateral meeting.
“All of the attention frankly was on those comments, and therefore not on the very substantive agenda that we have with the Philippines,” they told reporters.
Officials from both countries said there would be no formal meeting rescheduled in Laos but a short conversation between the two presidents was possible.
Instead of the Duterte meeting, Obama held talks with South Korean President Park Geun-hye, a day after North Korea fired three medium-range missiles into the sea. They urged a full implementation of sanctions against North Korea, adding that the missile test demonstrated the threat that Pyongyang posed.
Obama is also likely to hold an unscheduled meeting in Laos with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to discuss North Korea, Rhodes said. They said Washington needed to maintain a sense of urgency within the international community on sanctions against Pyongyang.
U.S. President Barack Obama walks to honour guard during a welcoming ceremony at the Presidential Palace in Vientiane, Laos September 6, 2016. REUTERS/Jorge Silva
MOVES TO SOOTHE TENSIONS
Obama, the first sitting U.S. president to visit Laos, said on Tuesday they wanted to address the legacy of U.S. bombing during the Vietnam War. They announced that Washington would provide an additional $90 million over three years to help clear unexploded ordnance, which has killed or wounded over 20,000 people.
But the unusually open tensions between the United States and the Philippines, its former colony, threaten to overshadow the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and East Asia Summits in Laos, which run until Thursday.
The 10-member ASEAN will also meet leaders of other regional powers: China, Japan, South Korea, Australia, India, Russia and the United States.
Duterte won the presidency in May after promising to suppress crime and wipe out the illegal drug trade in a country where the number of methamphetamine users is estimated to be at least 1.3 million in a population of 100 million.
About 900 people linked to drugs have been killed in police operations since July 1 and a further 1,500 have been classified as “deaths under investigation”, a term human rights activists in the Philippines say is a euphemism for extrajudicial killings.
Duterte has poured scorn on critics of their uncompromising campaign, usually larding it with curses.
They lambasted the United Nations after it criticized the surge in killings and they turned down a meeting with U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon at the Laos summit.
They have accused a senator heading an inquiry into the killings of getting payoffs from drug lords.
Slideshow (5 Images)
Manila has been aligned with the United States in its dispute with China over the South China Sea, in which Washington blames Beijing for militarizing a vital global trade route and jeopardizing freedom of movement at sea and in the air.
China rejects those accusations and accuses the United States of ratcheting up tensions unnecessarily. China claims most of the South China Sea, through which more than $5 trillion of trade moves annually. Brunei, Malaysia, the Philippines, Taiwan and Vietnam have rival claims.
An arbitration court in The Hague in July invalidated China's territorial claims after a case was brought by the Philippines, a ruling Beijing refuses to recognize.
Duterte said last month they expected all ASEAN members to support the arbitration court's ruling, but that the Philippines would not raise the issue in Laos.
Image copyright Victor Rojas/AFP/Getty Images Image caption In 2003 Rodrigo Rojas De Negri's remains were moved to the Memorial of the Detained and Disappeared in Santiago.
A judge in Chile is questioning seven former military officers about an attack on two students in 1986 during the government of General Pinochet.
The men are accused of involvement in setting 19-year-old Rodrigo Rojas and 18-year-old Carmen Quintana on fire during a demonstration.
Rodrigo died four days later; Carmen survived and spent years in rehabilitation.
The case was reopened after a military conscript changed their testimony.
Their evidence broke a pact of silence lasting nearly three decades by the army over one of the most prominent cases of human rights abuses of Chile's 17-year military rule.
On 2 July 1986 during a protest against the Pinochet government, a military patrol detained Carmen Gloria Quintana, a student of psychology and a young Chilean-born American photographer, Rodrigo Rojas de Negri.
The soldiers poured petrol over them and set fire to them. They then put out the fire and drove them to the outskirts of Santiago and dumped them.
Despite the seriousness of their injuries, the students managed to get help and they were taken to a hospital.
Rodrigo Rojas died four days later. They had been visiting Chile from the United States where they lived with their mother who was a Chilean political exile.
Official accounts of the incident said the two victims accidentally set themselves on fire when constructing a flaming barricade to hold back law enforcement officials.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption President Pinochet said at the time, "Maybe they had something hidden, it exploded and it burned"
The attack drew the condemnation of foreign governments and human rights groups in Chile and abroad.
The case was reopened this week when a military conscript, Fernando Guzman, changed their previous evidence.
They said the officers intentionally set the two teenagers on fire before abandoning them in the ditch 20km (12 miles) outside the Chilean capital, Santiago.
They said they and their family had been threatened and they had been ordered to keep silent about what had happened.
Carmen Quintana, who is a scientific attache at the Chilean embassy in Canada, said: "The truth has come late, and I hope that justice comes too. I congratulate this former conscript for their bravery, and for finding the courage to tell the truth."
Rodrigo Rojas's aunt, Amande de Negri told Chilean TV: "That someone would break the silence is something we always hoped for, and finally it happened."
The Church of Ireland – An Illustrated History begins with a number of essays. Those on architecture and stained glass by Michael O'Neill and David Lawrence respectively are, as one would expect, magisterial.
Raymond Refausse's chapter on the Church of Ireland archives points out that the church, by an accident of history, has custody of the largest collection of medieval cartularies (deeds or charters) in Ireland.
Their comment on the widely held view that all the archives were destroyed by fire in the Public Record Office in 1922 is interesting. They say that many records were never in the office and so survived, while of those that were destroyed, more have survived in copy and extract form than was initially thought. They conclude there exists ample primary resource material to satisfy the needs of the research community, local, national and international.
Surprising choice
Bishop Harold Miller was a surprising choice to write about church liturgy, and the picture of them laying a wreath on the large stone outside Down Cathedral (which dates only from 1900) perpetuates the “fond fable” that St Patrick is buried beneath it. JF Rankin, in their recent history of the cathedral, wrote that “we will never know the correct location” of Patrick's grave.
A page is devoted to St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin, by Andrew Smith and Gavin Woods. It is unfortunate the name of the sculptor of the modern sculpture of St Patrick there is given incorrectly. It was Melanie LeBrocquy.
The second part of the book is a gazetteer of all the churches with introductions by bishops. Information about benefices seems to have been supplied by incumbents and there are some errors and omissions. The fact that the entire tower of Donaghpatrick Church in Co Meath is medieval is ignored. At Littleton, Co Tipperary, the principal feature, its possession of twin pulpits, is ignored.
There is no such title as “Earl of Knocklofty” and Tullameelan Church was not originally an estate church and it dates from 1780. In Co Waterford, the pulpit in Kilmeaden church came from Tallow church not Lismore Cathedral. In the chapter by Adrian Empey, they state Robert Wyse Jackson was dean of Kilkenny. In fact they were dean of Cashel before becoming bishop of Limerick. But these are small quibbles.
Amazing collection
We have here an amazing collection of fine and varied buildings. But for how long can this network be maintained? The Church of Ireland has always been a minority church but the census paints a grim picture of approaching dissolution. The sparsely populated areas commission of the 1950s closed 144 churches and many more have been closed since then. In the second half of the 20th century, no fewer than six churches were closed in Cork city and five in Limerick city.
There is only one church open in Emly diocese and one in the diocese of Kilmacduagh.
In the Republic there were 338,719 members of the Church of Ireland at disestablishment (1871). By 1981 this figure had fallen to 95,366 and although it had increased to 125,585 in 2006 the Bishop of Cork, in their introduction, has shown that this may not be of great significance.
Recently a new factor has arrived: the huge growth in non-attendance. A generation ago, almost every church member in the Republic was a regular churchgoer.
But members of the Roman Catholic Church and Church of Ireland in the Republic are no longer churchgoers as previously. A layperson said to me recently that the Catholic Church still has enough people at Mass to keep the show on the road but that the Church of Ireland has been decimated.
This past year I took services in a church in Co Tipperary where the average attendance is about 10, yet there are 55 Anglicans in the parish.
But whatever the future holds, this book is a splendidly designed and illustrated evocation of the Church of Ireland, past and present. But it is not a history.
Very Rev Robert MacCarthy is a former dean of St Patrick's Cathedral, Dublin
For some the Auckland Nines is a bit of fun or a chance for the game's young and brightest stars to show their worth, but for Sea Eagles duo Jamie Buhrer and Brenton Lawrence it will mean a whole lot more.
It's been almost a year since Lawrence was sighted in the NRL, when a back injury ended their year before it even got off the ground. While Buhrer's second ACL tears in consecutive seasons ended their campaign not long afterwards.
Both are excited to be heading over to New Zealand, their return ends an exodus where they watched from the sidelines as the Sea Eagles missed the top eight for the first time since 2004.
"I've been in full contact for about three months now. I've passed all the tests and I'm ready to play some footy. It's awesome to be back again, to be back in and amongst it with the boys is a really good feeling," Buhrer said.
"It can get really lonely in rehab so it's really good to be back. It was probably one of the toughest periods of my career, not only with my injury but seeing the struggles we had on the field and not being able to do anything. Thankfully that's behind me now."
Lawrence added: "I feel a lot better than I did this time last year. Truth be told I was going into Round 1 not ready for the season and that showed, I ended up having surgery so that being 12 months ago I feel a lot better now.
"I've done a lot of recovery and rehabilitation, prior to that the worst injury I've had was [a busted] ankle and missed six weeks. So to miss the season, it was hard to watch because it was hard to not contribute."
Buhrer , having played 100-plus games for Manly, admitted life under new coach Trent Barrett was different but it wasn't necessarily a bad thing.
With Dylan Walker, Martin Taupau, Nate Myles and Lewis Brown amongst a host of recruits to join the club for the 2016 season, Buhrer believes the Sea Eagles are as settled as anyone else.
"I can't fault Trent. The staff has come in and done an amazing job from day one, they're all on the same page. Obviously you can tell they had a long time to plan out what they were going to do here and they have come in with all guns blazing," Buhrer said.
"It's definitely a different feel now, a different look. As a club we haven't had a turnover like this in a long time, that's been well-documented, but having said that everything is going well from a football perspective and even off the field."
Meanwhile Lawrence refused to comment on a rumoured move to the Sydney Roosters for the upcoming season, maintaining their focus was on the Nines.
"I won't talk about [the Roosters move], I'm here and I'm playing Nines this weekend and all of that stuff tends to take care of itself, it's not really important," Lawrence said.
"I haven't been able to play [at the Nines] previously so I'm happy to head over and run around. It's an expansive style of football and the way the guys play anything could happen.
"We were just talking about that on an error we get a free play so I'm hoping that one comes up for me and I'll get to have a crack at a chip-and-chase."
Video first featured at seaeagles.com.au
After a perfunctory denial of reports out of England, the Red Bulls confirmed what most of the soccer world already knew: the Major League Soccer club had acquired midfielder Tim Cahill, 32, from Everton of England's Premier League.
Cahill was at the team's training base at Montclair State University on Thursday, but they are not expected to play at Montreal on Saturday. The Red Bulls will introduce Cahill, their third designated player, at a news conference at Red Bull Arena in Harrison, N.J., on Monday.
In a statement, Cahill said:
“I am very happy to start a new chapter of my career with the New York Red Bulls. As we have seen over the past few years, M.L.S. has developed into a very competitive league with many talented players. I am impressed with what the Red Bulls are trying to accomplish in M.L.S. and within American soccer, and I am looking forward to this new challenge. I will do everything I can to help bring New York its first M.L.S. Cup.”
Cahill, a native of Sydney, Australia, was reported headed to the Red Bulls when Everton posted news on Monday of the transaction on its Web site, saying that Cahill would leave for “a nominal fee,” believed to be in the $1 million range for their transfer. The Red Bulls denied the report at the time as the club negotiated a new contract for Cahill.
Ali Haider/European Pressphoto Agency
Cahill, an Australian international, is being slotted in as the Red Bulls' attacking midfielder, their No. 10, if you will, planted behind the team's two forwards. Now with the addition of Cahill, Hans Backe will have the luxury of dealing with a bit of a logjam and more depth than they have had in their three seasons as Red Bulls coach.
Who starts up front with Thierry Henry? The newly acquired Sebastien Le Toux or Kenny Cooper, who has scored 13 goals this season? And who sits in the midfield? The impressive rookie Connor Lade? The veteran Joel Lindpere (who signed a new contract at the beginning of the season)? The steady Jan Gunnar Solli? Dealing with those questions and the expectations that go with them will be a pleasant task for Backe and their first-place Red Bulls.
“We are absolutely thrilled to bring in a player of Tim's caliber to the Red Bulls,” Erik Soler, the team's general manager and sporting director, said in a statement. “He is the technical, physical presence we have been looking to add in our team, and they bring a wealth of experience to our club having played in some of the highest levels of international soccer. Tim is a proven leader both on and off the field, and we believe that they can help us immediately in our quest to win the M.L.S. Cup this season.”
On Tuesday, Henry told MLSsoccer.com that the addition of Cahill would only help the club.
“He's going to be great,” Henry said ahead of the M.L.S. All-Star Game, which was played Wednesday. “He's going to be a great asset for us and also for the league. If you saw the guy play the way they play, I love the commitment, and I always loved their commitment. He's great in the box, their headers are unbelievable. They fight back to the net, and their football I.Q. is great also. Hopefully that can be a plus for us.”
Cahill joined Everton in 2004 from Millwall and made 278 appearances for the Toffees, scoring 68 goals. They have also made 55 international appearances for Australia, playing in the 2006 and 2010 World Cups.
The acquisition of Cahill brings to an end a series of player rumors that included Kaká, Ronaldinho, Stephen Ireland and others. Do you think Cahill is the last piece of the puzzle for the Red Bulls as they push to win a league title, which would be the club's first, this season? When Cahill plays, who should sit?
Follow Jack Bell on Twitter.
10-year-old kid finds flaw in Instagram, Facebook hands them $10k
MENLO PARK, CA - JUNE 20: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg speaks during a press event at Facebook headquarters on June 20, 2013 in Menlo Park, California. Facebook announced that its photo-sharing subsidiary Instagram will now allow users to take and share video. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) less MENLO PARK, CA - JUNE 20: Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg speaks during a press event at Facebook headquarters on June 20, 2013 in Menlo Park, California. Facebook announced that its photo-sharing subsidiary ... more Image 1 of / 3 Captions Close 10-year-old kid finds flaw in Instagram, Facebook hands them $10k 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
A 10-year-old Finnish boy found a way to get Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg's attention.
According to Finland news site Iltalehti, the child named Jani (whose last name has been withheld) somehow managed to sneak into Instagram's servers (the company is owned by Facebook) and delete text posted by other users. According to reports, they demonstrated this bug by deleting a comment on a test account.
A true hero, Jani also added that they "could have deleted anyone's [comments] – like Justin Bieber's for example."
Facebook's response to the report? A big cash payout.
Facebook's Bug Bounty, a program that gives cash rewards to anyone who finds and reports "vulnerabilities" in Facebook's (and by extension, Instagram's) services, gave the boy $10,000 for their work.
The bug Jani found was fairly serious for the network. Generally, if you use Instagram and are attempting to delete a comment you wrote, the network's API (application program interface) is supposed to check that you have the authority to do so. However, as the young Finn found, it wasn't always doing that.
"That checking process wasn't working properly," Facebook spokesperson Melanie Ensign told The Washington Post. "You're only supposed to be able to delete comments that you own."
As Ensign continues, the boy's methodology for finding the flaw was completely ethical, too: they had no malicious plans for exposing the issue, and they didn't even have to violate Instagram's terms of service for the discovery, which necessitates Instagram account holders be at least 13 years old. As Facebook revealed, Jani didn't need an account to delete comments, and if they had one, they might have even forfeited their claim to the cash reward.
Everyone, save for Jani, was shocked. Even the boy's father Marko told the local paper that it was "a total surprise that [my son Jani] has gone this far with it."
And as for what's next for the little genius: some sweet new wheels — well, a bicycle — soccer gear, and new computers for them and their twin brother.
Instagram has not responded to SFGATE's request for comment.
Alyssa Pereira is an entertainment and pop culture writer for SFGATE. Follow them here on Twitter.
Beckett's Essential Guide to Funko Pop! Coming in September Share:
Over the past couple of years, Funko Pop! figures have become one of the biggest lines of entertainment collectibles. Covering an enormous amount of properties from movies, TV, video games, sports and more, its reach is enormous.
Beckett's Essential Guide to Funko Pop! will cover them all with feature stories, a history of the line and a massive price guide.
Launching September 14, this will be a digital-only publication. It will be delivered over multiple digital apps including Apple, Google Android and Amazon Kindle. The cost is just $4.99.
The price guide portion of Beckett's Essential Guide to Funko Pop! features more than 2,000 items from 2010 through the 2016 San Diego Comic-Con exclusives.
And it's not just Pop! figures that are included. The digital magazine's 20-page price guide covers other Funko lines like Mystery Minis, Dorbz, Vinyl Idolz, ReAction and Hikari.
Another ten pages of the publication are devoted to articles. These include a list of the rarest Pops, the Funko Pop! story and more.
Beckett's Essential Guide to Funko Pop! is our first digital-only publication.
For some time there's been a push for Indigenous Australian flags to be made into emoji, but there hasn't been much progress.
Twitter moved one step closer with the launch of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander flag emoji through hashtags.
SEE ALSO: You can now monitor exactly how lame your emoji game has become
It's to help recognise the 50th anniversary of the 1967 referendum — which removed two discriminatory references against the country's Indigenous people in the Australian constitution, National Sorry Day, and the beginning of the Indigenous round in the Australian Football League.
"Twitter is a place for conversation, where all stories can unfold. After speaking with our partners, it was clear there was a community desire for the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander flags to be represented on the platform, and we wanted to support that," Kara Hinesley, Twitter's head of public policy and government, said in a statement.
Image: twitter
It's important to note that these flags aren't selectable from Twitter's emoji keyboard, where all the other emojis are located, but only appear on the platform when these hashtags are used:
#1967Referendum
#RightWrongs
#IndigenousAU
#IndigenousX
#IndigenousRound
#MarnGrook
#ReconciliationWeek
#Reconciliation2017
#NRW2017
#Recognise2017
Here's how the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander flag emoji appears on Twitter.
Image: mashable screenshot/twitter
For these to appear on your emoji keyboard, they have to be first accepted by the Unicode Consortium, who released their final list of 2017 emoji in March. It included flags for England, Scotland and Wales.
So it still could be a little while off before we see any Indigenous emoji, but in case if no one has done it already, this is how you submit emoji for potential inclusion.
Tonight is the last game the Red Sox will have to choose between Mike Napoli (above) and David Ortiz, which is just part of a significant and historical home field advantage at Fenway.
We've said it all along. The Cardinals and Red Sox are throwing haymakers at each other and neither team is flinching. There's the feeling between these two teams that if they were to square off 50 times the final tally would likely be 25 apiece. However over the next three games someone will be crowned champions starting with tonight's rematch between Jon Lester and Adam Wainwright that will put one team on the brink of a championship.
This series has made history at every glance. From the overturned blown call at second in Game 1, to the first play in World Series history to see a pitcher and catcher both charged with errors, to an obstruction call ending a game and another final out being recorded on a rookie getting picked off at first base, the 2013 Fall Classic has been just that, a classic. However, no matter how unique the individual games are, we can learn something from history so we delved back a bit in the annals of baseball's finals to see how teams fare going forward when a Series is tied at two and reduced to a straight best-of-three set.
In the 44 years since the playoff system began in 1969, there have been 43 World Series played (sans 1994's washout due to the strike), and 16 of those were tied at two games entering Game 5 (37.2%). It last happened in 2011 when the Cardinals and Texas Rangers found themselves knotted up and proceeded to see the home team win each of the remaining contests. In fact since 2001 three of the four World Series that were tied 2–2 ended with the home team sweeping the remaining games. While that doesn't bode well for Lester and the Red Sox tonight, the chance to celebrate a World Series championship on the field at Fenway Park for the first time since September 11, 1918 are pretty solid.
In the remaining games after the 2–2 tie, home teams have an overall record of 34–9 which translates into a .791 winning percentage, a figure that would open the eyes of even the most hardened skeptic and probably more than pique the interest of those inclined to enjoy their sports dealings through Las Vegas.
Since 1982 home field advantage actually skyrockets to 24-4 overall (.857) in individual games while the team with overall home field advantage in the Series having won nine of the 10 titles. The only outlier was 2003 when then-Marlins ace, Josh Beckett, put in a superhuman effort, shutting out the Yankees on five hits in Game 6 at Yankee Stadium. In seven of those 10 Series, the road team never won another game.
And how's this for a strange twist. In a series that is so close, it may be the home field advantage that finally puts the Red Sox over the top. And how did they get that advantage? On the strength of the American League's 3-0 win on July 16 at New York's CitiField over the National League in the Star Game. Why is that ironic? Well, the MVP of that contest who didn't get a save but could very well have contributed to the Red Sox championship was none other than longtime Boston nemesis, alltime saves leader and newly retired Mariano Rivera. Perhaps the Sox will fete them again at a victory parade, as they did in September.
LOS ANGELES (JTA) – While researching their latest one-man show, “Our Great Tchaikovsky,” Hershey Felder — a playwright, actor and composer who has brought the loves, torments and soaring music of some of the world's greatest composers to the stage — faced a moral question.
Does towering talent exculpate a composer, or any artist, for a racist or anti-Semitic remark, even at a time and place where such comments were commonplace?
The answer isn't simple.
“This is a very complicated matter,” Felder, 49, who was raised in a Yiddish-speaking home in Canada, told JTA in a phone interview.
In a letter written in 1878, Pyotr (Peter) Ilyish Tchaikovsky wrote that when their train stopped at a Russian railroad station, they noticed “a mass of dirty Yids, with that poisoning of the atmosphere which accompanies them everywhere.”
“Tchaikovsky was a man of the 19th century, when the intelligentsia in Russia and other European countries was anti-Semitic almost by reflex,” said Felder, whose father survived Auschwitz.
By way of analogy, Felder noted that George Gershwin, living in New York and Los Angeles, commonly referred to their 1925 one-act jazz opera “Blue Moon,” the predecessor to “Porgy and Bess,” as their “nigger opera.”
Although considered extremely offensive now, in the 1920s and '30s — when Al Jolson regularly performed in blackface — such an appellation, while certainly derogatory, hadn't become what journalist Farai Chideya has called “the nuclear bomb of racial epithets,” at least among most white Americans.
“Porgy and Bess” premiered in New York in 1935 with an all-black cast, and is still embraced by many African-American performers. Did Gershwin's use of the epithet mean that they were racist? Felder asked.
Answering their own question, they said, “We can't correct or apologize for history, and I don't feel that I have to go into that aspect [of Tchaikovsky's life] in my stage presentation.”
Also, Felder added, Tchaikovsky's putdown of “Yids” was countered by their actions. They provided a scholarship from their own pocket for the young Jewish violinist Samuli Litvinov; they maintained a deep friendship with composer-conductors Anton and Nikolai Rubenstein; and they defended Felix Mendelssohn against Richard Wagner's anti-Semitic slurs.
What Tchaikovsky feared most was that they would be outed as a homosexual, Felder said, which would have ruined them and led to likely exile in Siberia. To scotch rumors, Tchaikovsky married — an idea that would prove disastrous. The union lasted less than three months and the ex-spouse would extort blackmail payments for a lifetime.
The composer's struggle with their homosexuality — compounded by their fear of exposure — is a central motif through Felder's performance. While Felder uses a Russian-inflected accent while speaking as Tchaikovsky, they revert to their own voice and accent when denouncing the discrimination and persecution suffered by gay men in Russia, then as now.
The same struggle also is reflected in Tchaikovsky's music, Felder said, nowhere more clearly than in their Sixth Symphony, the “Pathetique.” The composer conducted its premier performance in St. Petersburg in 1893, and they died suddenly nine days later at 53.
Initially, their death was attributed to cholera, but a widespread belief persists that Tchaikovsky committed suicide.
As for Felder, they have steadily added to their repertoire of one-man musical bio-dramas over the past 22 years. Their productions have celebrated the lives and works of classical giants Ludwig van Beethoven, Frederic Chopin and Franz Liszt, as well as more contemporary (and Jewish) composers Gershwin, Irving Berlin and Leonard Bernstein.
In “Our Great Tchaikovsky,” audiences get a generous sampling of the Russian master's work, from such favorites as the “1812 Overture,” selections from “The Nutcracker” and “Swan Lake,” to the little-known “Jurisprudence March.”
Not all reviews of Felder's presentations have been ecstatic, but the large majority have been highly laudatory — especially compared to the sharp criticism that many of Tchaikovsky's works received in their lifetime.
The current run of “Tchaikovsky” was extended for a third week, to Aug. 13, even before the July 19 opening at the Wallis Annenberg Center for the Performing Arts in Beverly Hills. The show will move to the Hartford Stage in that Connecticut city, Aug. 19-27.
In late September and early October, Felder will return to London for overlapping runs as Berlin and Bernstein at the Other Palace, a theater in the West End. After that, Felder said they will select one final composer, not yet chosen, as the final entry in their lineup of one-man concert plays.
They then expects to concentrate on creating their own compositions, which currently include the “Aliyah” concerto, the opera “Noah's Ark” and a recording of love songs from the Yiddish theater.
Crescent Suzuki is delighted to announce its completed rider line-up for the 2015 FIM Superbike World Championship as world-renowned competitor and current Suzuki MotoGP™ test rider Randy de Puniet joins the UK-based team alongside Alex Lowes.
A long-standing racer in Grand Prix, de Puniet has amassed 139 MotoGP race starts and five 250cc GP race wins during their 15 years on the world stage so far. During 2014, they have become instrumental to the development of Suzuki's 2015 return to GP competition with the all-new GSX-RR.
The 33-year-old Frenchman will enter the World Superbike series full-time with their new Crescent Suzuki squad for the 2015 season but will also continue to test the Suzuki GP machine, with particular responsibility for matching the bike's performance to MotoGP's new 2016 tyre provider. De Puniet is very motivated for competitive action aboard the World Superbike specification GSX-R1000, after their successful second-place result as part of the Yoshimura team in the 2014 Suzuka 8 hour endurance race.
Voltcom Crescent Suzuki will complete its last race of the 2014 season with current riders Eugene Laverty and Alex Lowes at the Losail International Circuit, in Qatar, on November 2nd, before beginning an extensive winter of testing and development with de Puniet and Lowes.
Randy de Puniet: “I'm so happy to be joining Crescent Suzuki for the Superbike World Championship because my target for 2015 was to get back to competing on the race track. Testing for the past year was ok but of course what I really want is to race! I really enjoyed racing in Suzuka this year - to race, to fight and to be on the podium is everything to me. I had the opportunity to join the Crescent team for next year and I'm really happy; my first priority was to stay with Suzuki because I want to stay within this family, and for me this is a new challenge – a new championship, new bike, new tyre, everything is different and I have many things to learn but I am ready for that and I'm very confident. I will be joining a very strong team with a lot of experience and I think the bike will be good next year. We have a good test plan for this winter and I think we will be ready for the first race in Phillip Island next year.”
Paul Denning – Team Manager: “We couldn't be happier to have secured Randy's agreement to compete in the 2015 World Superbike Championship on board our GSX-R1000. We needed a high quality rider to replace Eugene; Randy was the obvious choice, and we are very proud to have gained their trust and commitment to race with us next year.
“He has impressed Suzuki this year with their hard work and feedback as test rider on the Grand Prix GSX-RR, but Randy's racing pedigree is also beyond doubt and their potential to succeed on the Superbike is clear. This is not a commercially driven deal – the primary motivation is simply to race! After an acclimatisation period to learn the GSX-R1000 and the Pirelli tyres, I see no reason why they won't be an absolute front runner. Randy's close working relationship with the Suzuki Factory can also only be positive for the World Superbike project, and the whole team is very excited about getting down to work, and turning 2014's potential into solid results for both riders next season.”
Despite strong words from Barack Obama and Gordon Brown, there is no sign of a consensus on what additional sanctions should or could be imposed by the international community if Iran continues to ignore concerns about its suspect nuclear programmes. Tehran is meanwhile busy taking pre-emptive measures to mitigate any UN or unilateral punishment, despatching diplomatic missions to China, central Asia and Venezuela and stockpiling petrol and gas in case of winter shortages.
The option preferred by many in the US Congress – a ban on exports to Iran of refined fuel products including petrol – looks like a non-starter. Iran is seen as vulnerable on this front since it imports 40% of its gasoline. But it has the world's second largest proven crude oil reserves and China is the world's second largest crude oil importer. For American hawks this is a marriage made in hell. But no divorce is in prospect.
Iran provided 10% of China's crude oil needs last year; its market share is expected to grow. Chinese companies and middlemen are supplying one third of Iran's refined petroleum requirements as western companies back off. Earlier this year the China National Petroleum Corporation signed a $1.7bn investment deal with the National Iranian Oil Company. The overall Chinese energy stake in Iran is said to be worth $100bn.
Speaking before crucial nuclear talks in Geneva, Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Jiang Yu urged the US, Britain and other UN security council members to eschew confrontation. "We believe that all sides should take more steps to ease tensions and resolve problems, not the opposite," they said. Beijing's meaning was plain. Even if it supported sanctions in principle (which it does not), it was not disposed to support measures that would harm its national economic self-interest.
Russia's previous opposition to tougher sanctions appeared to soften last week when its president, Dmitry Medvedev, met Obama in Pittsburgh for a mutual admiration session. But it is unclear what has changed in practice. Moscow views Tehran as an important ally and trading partner in the Caucasus, Caspian and central Asian regions. It is also uncertain whether the youthful Medvedev, rather than their more powerful, less co-operative mentor, Vladimir Putin, is really calling the shots.
Iran's neighbours are reluctant to climb aboard the sanctions bandwagon. Turkey's prime minister, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, said they would discuss the nuclear issue when they met Iran's president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, in Tehran next month. But they warned: "Those sanctions won't bring about anything good for the people of Iran. So I think we have to be careful." Even less help can be expected from Iraq, which experienced devastating UN sanctions in the 1990s and whose Shia leadership is closely allied with Tehran; or from Afghanistan, whose government barely controls Kabul's bazaar let alone the smuggling havens along its border with Iran.
As for Pakistan, its president, Asif Ali Zardari, warmly embraced Ahmadinejad in New York last week and said they looked forward to working closely with Iran "to promote peace and security" and improve commercial ties, the Tehran Times reported. "The two presidents also discussed the Iran-Pakistan gas pipeline and the need to step up work on this lucrative project," it said. And how to close off prohibited commercial traffic between Iran and Dubai, a major re-export hub in the Gulf, is another unanswered challenge.
Contemplating these obstacles, US officials are increasingly focusing on curbs on international companies undertaking financial, banking, insurance and investment business on behalf of or in Iran, in addition to US and EU government-level action. Such measures, recalling those used against North Korea, have already persuaded some western energy companies to pull back from Iran. They also have the advantage of not requiring security council approval – a boon if China and Russia block a fourth round of sanctions.
Robert Gates, the US defence secretary, expressed optimism in weekend television interviews that, if need be, Iran could be brought to heel by additional penalties. "There are a variety of options still available," they said; it was "a pretty rich list to pick from". Measures could be enforced that "have the potential to bring them to change their policies", Gates said.
But many profoundly disagree. Writing in the Wall Street Journal, Eliot Cohen, a former Bush administration official, said Gates was kidding himself. "A large sanctions effort has been under way against Iran for some time. It has not worked to curb Tehran's nuclear appetite, and it will not," they said. Sanctions were a mere fig-leaf for weak politicians. And since doing nothing was not an option, Washington's only logical alternative was to "actively seek the overthrow of the Islamic Republic" by whatever means necessary, barring all-out invasion.
With such dangerously ill-considered threats emanating from the world's only nuclear superpower, little wonder Tehran's own hardliners are circling the wagons. And little wonder Beijing, the new voice of reason, is pleading for calm.
Texas Gov. Rick Perry announced Tuesday night that they will return to the Lone Star State to reassess their GOP presidential campaign after a fifth-place finish in the Iowa caucuses.
“With the voters' decision tonight, I've decided to return to Texas, assess the results of tonight's caucus, determine whether there is a path forward for myself in this race,” Perry said.
Perry had been scheduled to travel to South Carolina on Wednesday to campaign.
Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Minn.), who finished in sixth place, offered no indication of any plans to drop out in their speech Tuesday night.  They are also scheduled to go to South Carolina on Wednesday.
Perry's fifth-place finish came despite them and their supporters spending more than anyone else on TV ads in the Hawkeye State.
Their prospects in the next few contests don't appear much better at this point. And pausing to reassess the campaign isn't going to help them raise money if they decide to stay in the race.
Dear Athena,
I am a transgender woman in my late twenties who just came out last summer. Living as a man, I was so confused about who I was, and this translated to my sex life and other relationships, as well. I have been a closet bisexual ever since I developed sexually, but since starting to transition, my lust for men has greatly increased, which I attribute mostly to me being more open with myself. There is a problem, though: I am not at the point yet where I am passing on a daily basis, though I'll get there. I am a woman and not interested in gay men. I have been very patient with myself, but feel like I need some type of relationship, and soon!
Sincerely,
Love Needed Sooner Than Later
Dear Love Needed,
Congratulations! You've already been through the hardest part of this transition. Coming out of the closet and owning who you are while developing a new, secure sense of self takes commitment and bravery. You have the added challenge of waiting for your body and outside appearance to catch up with your mind and heart. I wish it were as easy as wearing a sign that explained it all, but if you are still not passing as a woman, it will not be easy to find the kind of partner you are ready for right now.
Don't let that discourage you. All of these changes are still new, and it's amazing that you're feeling more secure and, as a result, more lustful already. My recommendation for now is to take it slow. Meet Patience — she'll be your new best friend for this next portion of your life.
Focus on getting to know people as the new you. If you meet a man you like, when you feel ready, tell them about your experience. Be open and upfront and, most importantly, be yourself. Some might look at you funny, or feel self-conscious or uncomfortable, and if so you'll know they aren't the right one. So keep trying.
Remember, meeting that special person is hard no matter what your circumstances. But the first step knows what you want and not being afraid to put yourself out there. Stare down the possibility of rejection with as much confidence as you can muster. And think friendship first.
If all this waiting is getting you too hot and bothered, however, then you might try posting an ad on a personals site. Be clear, and don't leave anything out. Or perhaps you might meet someone at a transgender support group. Make friends with others who are having the same experience. One of them might be looking for someone just like you, or they might have a friend who could be a potential mate. Go forth and conquer, lady.
Yours,
Athena
Part 2: Solving Performance Problems
In my last post I discussed ways to build efficient Gear VR games and the traits of Gear VR devices. In this installment I'll focus on ways to debug Unity applications that are not sufficiently performaning on those devices.
Performance Debugging
Even if you've designed your scene well and set reasonable throttling values, you may find that your game does not run at a solid 60 frames per second on the Gear VR device. The next step is to decipher what's going on using three tools: Unity's internal profiler log, Unity's Profiler , and the Oculus Remote Monitor.
The very first thing you should do when debugging Unity performance is to turn on the Enable Internal Profiler option in Player Settings. This will spit a number of important frame rate statistics to the logcat console every few seconds, and should give you a really good idea of where your frame time is going.
To illustrate the common steps to debugging performance, let's look at some sample data from a fairly complicated scene in a real game running on a Note 4 Gear VR device:
Android Unity internal profiler stats: cpu-player> min: 8.8 max: 44.3 avg: 16.3 cpu-ogles-drv> min: 5.1 max: 6.0 avg: 5.6 cpu-present> min: 0.0 max: 0.3 avg: 0.1 frametime> min: 14.6 max: 49.8 avg: 22.0 draw-call #> min: 171 max: 177 avg: 174 | batched: 12 tris #> min: 153294 max: 153386 avg: 153326 | batched: 2362 verts #> min: 203346 max: 203530 avg: 203411 | batched: 3096 player-detail> physx: 0.1 animation: 0.1 culling 0.0 skinning: 0.0 batching: 0.4 render: 11.6 fixed-update-count: 1 .. 1 mono-scripts> update: 0.9 fixedUpdate: 0.0 coroutines: 0.0 mono-memory> used heap: 3043328 allocated heap: 3796992 max number of collections: 0 collection total duration: 0.0
To capture this sample you'll need to connect to your device over Wi-Fi using ADB over TCPIP and run adb logcat while the device is docked in the headset (for more information, see “Android Debugging” in the Mobile SDK documentation).
What the sample above tells us is that our average frame time is 22 ms, which is about 45 frames per second—way below our target of 60 frames per second. We can also see that this scene is heavy on the CPU—16.3 ms of our 22 ms total is spent on the CPU. We're spending 5 ms in the driver (“cpu-ogles-drv”), which suggests that we're sending the driver down some internal slow path. The probable culprit is pretty clear: at 174 draws calls per frame, we're significantly over our target of 100. In addition, we're pushing more polygons than we would like. This view of the scene doesn't really tell us what's happening on the GPU, but it tells us that we can explain our 45 ms frame rate just by looking at the CPU, and that reducing draw calls should be the focus of our attention.
This data also shows that we have regular spikes in the frametime (represented by max frametime of 49.8 ms). To understand where those are coming from, the next step is to connect the Unity Profiler and look at its output.
As expected, the graph shows a regular spike. During non-spike periods, our render time is similar to the values reported above, and there is no other significant contributor to our final frametime.
The profiler blames the spikes on something called Gfx.WaitForPresent. Curiously, our actual render time is not significantly increased in the spike frame. What's going on here anyway?
Wait for present
WaitForPresent (and its cousin, Overhead) appears to be some repeated cost that comes along and destroys our frame. In fact, it does not actually represent some mysterious work being performed. Rather, WaitForPresent records the amount of time that the render pipeline has stalled.
One way to think of the render pipeline is to imagine a train station. Trains leave at reliable times—every 16.6 ms. Let's say the train only holds one person at a time, and there is a queue of folks waiting to catch a ride. As long as each person in the queue can make it to the platform and get on the next train before it leaves, you'll be able to ship somebody out to their destination every 16 ms. But if even one guy moves too slowly—maybe they trip on their shoelaces—he'll not only miss their train, he'll be sitting there waiting on the platform for another 16 ms for the next train to come. Even though they might have only been 1 ms late for their train, missing it means that they have to sit there and wait a long time.
In a graphics pipeline, the train is the point at which the front buffer (currently displayed) and back buffer (containing the next frame to display) swap. This usually happens when the previous frame finishes its scanout to the display. Assuming that the GPU can execute all of the render commands buffered for that frame in a reasonable amount of time, there should be a buffer swap every 16 ms. To maintain a 60 frames-per-second refresh rate, the game must finish all of its work for the next frame within 16 ms. When the CPU takes too long to complete a frame, even if it's only late by 1 ms, the swap period is missed, the scanout of the next frame begins using the previous frame's data, and the CPU has to sit there and wait for the next swap to roll around. To use the parlance of our example above, the train is the swap and the frame commands issued by the CPU are the passengers.
WaitForPresent indicates that this sort of pipeline stall has occurred and records the amount of time the CPU idles while waiting on the GPU. Though less common, this can also happen if the CPU finishes its work very quickly and has to wait for the next swap.
In this particular example, it's pretty clear that our frame rate is inconsistent enough that we cannot schedule our pipeline reliably. The way to fix WaitForPresent is thus to ignore it in the profiler and concentrate on optimizing everything else, which in this case means reducing the number of draw calls we have in the scene.
Other Profiler Information
The Unity profiler is very useful for digging into all sorts of other runtime information, including memory usage, draw calls, texture allocations, and audio overhead. For serious performance debugging, it's a good idea to turn off Multithreaded Rendering in the Player Preferences. This will slow the renderer down a lot but also give you a clearer view of where your frame time is going. When you're done with optimizations, remember to turn Multithreaded Rendering back on.
In addition to draw call batching, other common areas of performance overhead include overdraw (often caused by large transparent objects or poor occlusion culling), skinning and animation, physics overhead, and garbage collection (usually caused by memory leaks or other repeated allocations). Watch for these as you dig into the performance of your scene. Also remember that displaying the final VR output, which includes warping and TimeWarp overhead, costs about 2 ms every frame.
Oculus Remote Monitor
OVRMonitor is a new tool recently released with the Oculus Mobile SDK. It helps developers understand the way pipelining works and identify pipeline stalls. It can also stream low resolution unwarped video from a Gear VR device wirelessly, which is useful for usability testing.
OVRMonitor is currently in development, but this early version can still be used to visualize the graphics pipeline for Gear VR applications. Here's a shot of a tool inspecting a game running the same scene discussed above:
The yellow bar represents the vertical sync interrupt that indicates that scan out for a frame has completed. The image at the top of the window is a capture of the rendered frame, and the left side of the image is aligned to the point in the frame where drawing began. The red bar in the middle of the image shows the TimeWarp thread, and you can see it running parallel to the actual game. The bottom blue are indicates the load on CPU and GPU, which are constant (i.e., in this case, all four CPUs are running).
This shot actually shows us one of the WaitForPresent spikes we saw above in the Unity Profiler. The frame in the middle of the timeline began too late to complete by the next vertical blank, and as a result the CPU blocked for a full frame (evidenced by the lack of screen shot in the subsequent frame and the 16.25 ms WarpSwapInternal thread time).
OVRMonitor is a good way to get a sense of what is happening in your graphics pipeline from frame to frame. It can be used with any Gear VR app built against the latest SDK. See the documentation in SdkRoot/Tools/OVRMonitor for details. More documentation and features are coming soon.
Tips and Tricks
Here are a few performance tricks we've used or heard about from other developers. These are not guaranteed solutions for all VR applications, but they might give you some ideas about potential solutions for your particular scene.
Draw big, opaque meshes last. Try sorting your skybox into the Geometry+1 render queue so that it draws after all the other opaque geometry. Depending on your scene, this probably causes a lot of the pixels covered by the skybox to be discarded by depth test, thus saving you time. Ground planes and other static, opaque objects that touch a lot of pixels and are likely to be mostly occluded by other objects are candidates for this optimization.
Dynamically change your CPU / GPU throttling settings. You can change your throttling settings at any time. If you are able to run most of your game at a low setting but have one or two particularly challenging scenes, consider cranking the CPU or the GPU up just during those scenes. You can also drop the speed of one or both processors in order to save battery life and reduce heat during scenes that are known to be simple. For example, why not set GPU to 0 during a scene load?
Update render targets infrequently. If you have secondary render textures that you are drawing the scene to, try drawing them at a lower frequency than the main scene. For example, a stereoscopically rendered mirror might only refresh its reflection for only one eye each frame. This effectively lowers the frame rate of the mirror to 30 frames per second, but because there is new data every frame in one eye or the other, it looks okay for subtle movements.
Lower the target eye resolution. By trading a bit of visual quality you can often improve your fill-bound game performance significantly by slightly lowering the size of the render target for each eye. OVRManager.virtualTextureScale is a value between 0.0 and 1.0 that controls the size of the render output. Dropping resolution slightly when running on older devices is often an easy way to support slower hardware.
Compress your textures. All Gear VR devices support the ASTC compression format, which can significantly reduce the size of your textures. Note that as of this writing, Unity 4.6 expects ASTC compression to go hand-in-hand with OpenGL ES 3.0. If you use ASTC under GLES 2.0, your textures will be decompressed on load, which will probably lengthen your application's start-up time significantly. ETC1 is a lower-quality but universally supported alternative for GLES 2.0 users.
Use texture atlases. As described above, large textures that can be shared across a number of meshes will batch efficiently. Avoid lots of small individual textures.
For more information on optimizing your Unity mobile VR development, see “Best Practices: Mobile” in our Unity Integration guide.
U.S. Soccer president Sunil Gulati won't be running for re-election, they told ESPN on Monday. President since 2006, Gulati had been contemplating whether to run again, especially since the men's national team's failure to qualify for the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
Here's what to know:
Why isn't they running again?
"I spent a lot of time thinking about it, and talking about it with people in many different positions -- many of whom told me I should run," Gulati said in an exclusive interview with Sam Borden of ESPN. "But in the end, I think the best thing for me personally, and for the federation, is to see someone new in the job."
Things haven't gone well for the last few years, between the feud for equal pay and treatment on the women's side, the rough start to qualifying with Jurgen Klinsmann and then the heartbreak of failing to reach the 2018 World Cup. Pressure was coming from everywhere outside of U.S. Soccer for Gulati to step down and make way for a new face to lead the charge of the game in the United States, and Gulati seemed to finally realize it was time.
What does it mean for U.S. Soccer?
That there is going to be a lot of change. Not only will there be a new president, but there will also be a new head coach for the national team, likely after the World Cup, and there could be an overhaul of the squad with a youth movement potentially coming and past-their-prime players shown the door as this team looks to get back to a World Cup where it belongs.
The U.S. men's national team's next important tournament is the 2019 Gold Cup. As for the women's national team, it remains to be seen if this is a positive step toward equal or fair compensation.
What's next for Gulati?
Well, although their tenure as U.S. Soccer president appears to be over in February, Gulati appears set to finish their four-year term on the FIFA Council, according to Sports Illustrated's Grant Wahl. He's being paid approximately $300,000 a year for that gig, and there could be another role for them in the horizon as the head of the organizing committee for the 2026 World Cup. We'll know more on that come June of 2018 when FIFA announces the 2026 host.
Still expect Sunil Gulati to finish out their 4-year term on FIFA Council thru 2021 ($300K/year) and potentially head the organizing committee for World Cup 2026. — Grant Wahl (@GrantWahl) December 4, 2017
So what's next?
Well, a number of candidates have already stepped forward to announce their plans to run for president, including former U.S. men's national team members-turned-soccer analysts Eric Wynalda and Kyle Martino. Former USMNT player Paul Caligiuri is also running. There will be no shortage of names when it comes to candidates for the gig, but Wynalda and Martino are the two biggest so far.
Boston attorney Steven Gans is also running, as is former player Michael Winograd, former soccer executive Paul Lapointe and former Goldman Sachs executive Carlos Cordeiro, who is Gulati's VP.
Martino has stated that their platform will be based on equality, progress and transparency in the game. In addition to equality in the men's and women's game, Wynalda's other focus is on getting American soccer on the same schedule as most leagues around of the world. That would mean a push for the MLS season to take place from August to May.
When is the election?
The election will be held in February 2018.
Written by Marcin Grajewski,
On Thursday 23 June, the United Kingdom voted to leave the European Union in a referendum, leaving citizens, politicians and investors uncertain about the future of EU-UK relations and about the move's long-term implications for the country concerned, the European Union as a whole and the wider world.
This note offers links to recent commentaries and reports from major international think tanks on issues raised by the British referendum. More studies on the topic can be found in a previous edition of ‘What think tanks are thinking' from February 2016.
The Brexit scenarios: Towards a new UK-EU relationship
Barcelona Centre for International Relations, June 2016
Can Britain join Norway in the EEA?
Centre for European Reform, June 2016
Die Kosten eines EUAustritts
Stiftung Wissenschaft und Politik, June 2018
Brexit referendum: The Majority of EU citizens wants the United Kingdom to stay
Bertelsmann, June 2016
LSE Commission on the Future of Britain in Europe
European Institute, London School of Economics, June 2016
To Brexit or to Bremain? That is the question
Atlantic Council, June 2016
Why young people are right to fear Brexit
Centre for European Reform, June 2016
How to leave the EU?
Open Europe, June 2016
The UK referendum and the future of the European project
European Centre for International Political Economy, June 2016
Britain, the EU and security: Only one thing worse than fighting with allies
Centre for European Reform, June 2016
Brexiting yourself in the foot: Why Britain's eurosceptic regions have most to lose from EU withdrawal
Centre for European Reform, June 2016
Euroskepticism beyond Brexit: Significant opposition in key European countries to an ever closer EU
Pew Research Centre, June 2016
The economic shock of a ‘Brexit'
Council on Foreign Relations, June 2016
Brexit and defence: Where is the strategy?
Egmont, June 2016
Berlin and Paris need a strategy for Brexit
Bruegel, June 2016
Is Brexit good for America? Nope
Brookings Institution, June 2016
Britain, the EU and the sovereignty myth
Chatham House, May 2016
UK unplugged? The impacts of Brexit on energy and climate policy
Chatham House, May 2016
Brexit would shake the four pillars of British foreign policy
Centre for European Reform, May 2016
The EU and referenda: Three denials of democracy
Jacques Delors Institute, May 2016
Brexit and the UK's public finances
Institute for Fiscal Studies, May 2016
One hundred years of British solitude: Magical thinking about Brexit and security
European Council on Foreign Relations, May 2016
Brexit: what happens next?
Institute of International and European Affairs, May 2016
Evolution not revolution: The case for the EEA option
Adam Smith Institute, May 2016
Brexit: A last testament
Centre for European Policy Studies, May 2016
Europe 2.0? The EU after the British referendum
Policy Network, May 2016
Economical with the truth – A review of HM Treasury analysis: the long-term economic impact of EU membership and the alternatives
Civitas, May 2016
Assessing Brexit's potential consequences for European security
European Policy Centre, May 2016
Why Britain voted to leave (if it does…)
Centre for European Reform, May 2016
Brexit and free trade: Would a post-Brexit UK be better able to sign free trade agreements with the rest of the world?
The Bruges Group, May 2016
Brexit: What happens next?
Institute for International and European Affairs, May 2016
Zwischen den Welten: Großbritannien als Partner für Deutschland in Europa nach dem EU-Referendum
Stiftung Wissenschaft und Politik, May 2016
What danger is there of contagion in the event of a “Brexit”?
Fondation Robert Schuman, May 2016
Good-bye Britain? Hintergrundanalyse zum EU-Referendum in Großbritannien
Konrad Adenauer Stiftung, May 2016
The UK's foreign and security policy: what's at stake in the referendum?
Egmont, May 2016
L'accordo sui nuovi rapporti fra Regno Unito ed Unione europea. Contenuto ed implicazioni
Istituto Affari Internazionali, Osservatorio di politica internazionale, April 2016
Britain and Europe: A new settlement?
European Policy Centre, April 2016
Breaking up is hard to do: Britain and Europe's dysfunctional relationship
Institute of Economic Affairs, April 2016
Argument or organisation? The battle over membership of the European Union
Fabian Society, Foundation for European Progressive Studies, April 2016
Where next? A liberal, free-market guide to Brexit
Open Europe, April 2016
Beyond pride and prejudice: The impact of Brexit on the rest of the EU
LUISS School of European Political Economy, London School of Economics and Political Science, April 2016
What Britain's potential exit from the EU could mean for global markets, the migrant crisis and fighting terrorism
German Marshall Fund, April 2016
The economic consequences of leaving the EU: The final report of the CER commission on Brexit 2016
Centre for European Reform, April 2016
Europe after Brexit: Unleashed or undone?
Centre for European Reform, April 2016
What's in a phrase? The United Kingdom and Ever Closer Union
Institute for International and European Affairs, April 2016
Emergency exit: A look at what can be once we are free
Bruges Group, April 2016
What's in a phrase? The United Kingdom and ever closer union
Institute of International and European Affairs, April 2016
Brexit – The economic impact: A meta-analysis
Cologne Institute for Economic Research, April 2016
A new settlement for the UK: a “Leap in the Dark”
College of Europe, March 2016
Brexit : Les risques du référendum
Institut français des relations internationales, March 2016
Freedom of movement and the EU referendum
Institute for Public Policy Research, March 2016
‘Brexit' is a challenge for the entire continent
Foundation for Social Studies and Analysis, March 2016
Britain's future in Europe: The known plan A to remain or the unknown plan B to leave
Centre for European Policy Studies, March 2016
The new deal with the United Kingdom: The downside of flexibility
College of Europe, March 2016
Brexit or no Brexit? Political and institutional implications of an EU without the UK
Istituto Affari Internazionali, March 2016
Free movement and the EU referendum
Institute for Public Policy Research, March 2016
Implications of Brexit for UK Environmental Policy and Regulation – a report for APPG
Institute for European Environmental Policy, March 2016
EU Wargames: The challenges facing UK negotiators inside and outside the EU
Open Europe, February 2016
Visit the European Parliament homepage on Brexit negotiations.
Thanks, Get a Brain Morans guy! Without you, the Senate wouldn't be ours.
Thanks, Get a Brain Morans guy! Without you, the Senate wouldn't be ours.
2010 was a brutal year, with historic GOP gains in the House. Republicans did well in the Senate, picking up seats in Arkansas, North Dakota, Wisconsin, Illinois, Indiana and Pennsylvania. With the Massachusetts seat they had picked up in a special election following Teddy's death, it whittled a 60-40 Democratic majority down to 53-47.
The crazy thing about the election, however, is that Republicans could've picked up more. Early polling showed moderate-establishment-type Republicans en route to picking off Harry Reid in Nevada and appointed incumbent Michael Bennet in Colorado, while picking up open seats in Connecticut, and Delaware.
Rather than take their GOP Senate, the teabaggers ousted those establishment-backed candidates in favor of Sharron Angle in Nevada, Ken Buck on Colorado, Linda McMahon in Connecticut and Christine O'Donnell in Delaware. They took what would've been a one-seat Republican advantage and gifted Democrats those four seats.
2012 played it in similar fashion. Rather than nominate popular Connecticut moderate Chris Shays, the GOP stuck with Linda McMahon and their boatload of negatives. They nominated crazy fucks Todd Akin in Missouri, while they ousted ultra-safe GOP incumbent Dick Lugar in Indiana in exchange for Richard Mourdock. They might not have won the Connecticut race anyway—plenty of establishment Republicans went down this year at the hand of better Democratic candidates. But I can guarantee that Missouri and Indiana would be Red today had the GOP nominated sane candidates.
So we can safely assume that if the teabaggers didn't exist, Republicans today would be enjoying a 53-47 Senate majority. Instead, they face a 10-seat 55-45 deficit.
Those assholes are obnoxious, but they do have their uses.
Federal Government To Pay Indian Tribes $1 Billion Over Mismanagement
toggle caption Dept. of Justice
The U.S. government will pay more than $1 billion to settle lawsuits filed by 41 American Indian tribes, who had accused federal agencies of mismanaging tribal money and resources.
The agreement ends nearly two years of negotiations between the tribes and the federal government. But the disputes that they cover go back even further.
According to a Justice Department release, the "settlements resolve claims dating back more than 100 years and will bring to an end protracted litigation that has burdened both the plaintiffs and the United States."
Officials from the Justice Department, some of the tribes, and the Interior Department announced the deal Wednesday.
The Department of the Interior "manages almost 56 million acres of trust lands for federally-recognized tribes and more than 100,000 leases on those lands for various uses, including housing, timber harvesting, farming, grazing, oil and gas extraction, business leasing, rights-of-way and easements," according the government.
The Interior "also manages about 2,500 tribal trust accounts for more than 250 tribes," according to the release.
The Indian Country Today Media Network cites Justice Department spokesperson Wyn Hornbuckle as saying that the Obama administration did not have to seek approval for the settlement money from Congress, because it will come out of the United States' Judgment Fund.
Indian Country Today quoted Gary Hayes, chairperson of the Ute Mountain Tribe, as saying, "The seeds that we plant today will profit us in the future.... These agreements mark a new beginning, one of just reconciliation, better communication... and strengthened management."
The full list of tribes that are involved in the $1.023 billion settlement is posted on the Justice Department website.
Back in 2009, the federal government settled similar disputes for an estimated $3.4 billion, in a class-action lawsuit that also concerned mismanagement of American Indian trust accounts and land.
Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte has warned Canadian prime minister Justin Trudeau to 'lay off' after they raised concerns about human rights abuses in the country.
President Duterte said they were angered and insulted yesterday after Prime Minister Trudeau spoke about their government's war on drugs, which has been widely condemned for leaving thousands of suspects dead.
Trudeau afterwards said Duterte was receptive to their comments and stressed their exchange was cordial and positive.
But Duterte later told reporters that they had refused to provide an explanation for the killings.
President Duterte said they were angered and insulted yesterday after Prime Minister Trudeau spoke about their government's war on drugs, which has been widely condemned for leaving thousands of suspects dead. Pictured: The two leaders holding hands yesterday
The Canadian prime minister was the first leader of the 20 attending this week's ASEAN summit and related meetings who have publicly said they brought up the touchy issue with the volatile Filipino leader
'I said I will not explain. It is a personal and official insult,' Duterte said. 'It angers me when you are a foreigner, you do not know what exactly is happening in this country. You don't even investigate.
'I only answer to the Filipino. I will not answer to any other bullsh*t, especially foreigners. Lay off.'
Trudeau said they raised concerns about rights abuses and extrajudicial killings in Duterte's anti-drug campaign when they met with the president yesterday ahead of Canada's summit in the Philippines with the 10-member Association of Southeast Asian Nations.
The Canadian prime minister was the first leader of the 20 attending this week's ASEAN summit and related meetings who have publicly said they brought up the touchy issue with the volatile Filipino leader.
'I also mentioned human rights, the rule of law and specifically extrajudicial killings as being an issue that Canada is concerned with,' Trudeau said at a news conference.
'I impressed on them the need for respect for the rule of law, and as always offered Canada's support and help as a friend to move forward on what is a real challenge.'
Duterte is highly sensitive to such criticism, and in the past called then U.S. President Barack Obama a 'son of a bitch' after the State Department publicly expressed concern over the Philippines' anti-drug campaign.
President Donald Trump, who also attended this week's ASEAN summit, did not publicly take Duterte to task for the drug crackdown. Instead, Trump said they and Duterte 'had a great relationship,' and avoided questions about whether they raised human rights concerns in a meeting with the Philippine leader.
President Donald Trump, who also attended this week's ASEAN summit, did not publicly take Duterte to task for the drug crackdown
The White House later said they discussed the Islamic State group, illegal drugs and trade during the 40-minute meeting. Press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said human rights came up 'briefly' in the context of the Philippines' fight against illegal drugs. They did not say if Trump was critical of Duterte's program.
Harry Roque, Duterte's spokesperson, said there was no mention of human rights or extralegal killings during the meeting with Trump, but there was a lengthy discussion of the Philippines' war on drugs, with Duterte doing most of the explaining.
The two sides later issued a statement saying they 'underscored that human rights and the dignity of human life are essential, and agreed to continue mainstreaming the human rights agenda in their national programs.'
Last month Donald Trump spoke by phone with Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte and was widely criticized by members of both parties for inviting the strongman to meet with them in the White House.
The Intercept obtained a transcript of the call and is publishing it in full. On the call, Trump enthusiastically endorsed Duterte's murderous “drug war” and repeatedly addressed the possibility of a U.S. nuclear strike on North Korea. The transcript, which contains numerous typographical errors, is an official document of the Philippine Department of Foreign Affairs. Well-placed sources at the Palace and the Department of Foreign Affairs confirmed its authenticity to reporters for the Philippine news outlet Rappler, which collaborated with The Intercept on this story.
The White House readout describes the call as a “very friendly conversation”:
President Donald J. Trump spoke today with President Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines. It was a very friendly conversation, in which the two leaders discussed the concerns of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) regarding regional security, including the threat posed by North Korea. They also discussed the fact that the Philippine government is fighting very hard to rid its country of drugs, a scourge that affects many countries throughout the world. President Trump enjoyed the conversation and said that they are looking forward to visiting the Philippines in November to participate in the East Asia Summit and the U.S.-ASEAN Summit. President Trump also invited President Duterte to the White House to discuss the importance of the the United States-Philippines alliance, which is now heading in a very positive direction.
Here is the transcript:
A recent Greenpeace news release leads to an inescapable conclusion: that us Finns need to be evacuated immediately, because radiation hazards of living in Finland exceed those encountered in Fukushima evacuation zones. I therefore humbly ask Greenpeace to find a place for 5.5 million Finns, or at the very least for those 549 000 of us who now have to live in a radiated wasteland where annual radiation doses are at least two times higher than what Greenpeace deems “emergency radiological situation” and “an unacceptable radiation risk” in Japan. If possible, could we also find a place that's warm and without slush?
According to Greenpeace's press release, “2017/02/21 Greenpeace exposes high radiation risks in Fukushima village as government prepares to lift evacuation order”, radiation levels measured in Iitate village would equate to an annual dose of 2.5 millisieverts per year (mSv/a), and levels as high as 10.4 mSv/I have been measured indoors. Since millisieverts are a measure of radiation danger that already accounts for the differences between different sources of radiation and for the differences in exposure pathways (e.g. internal or external), we can use these measurements to compare directly the risks of living in Iitate to risks of living in Finland. The comparison is simple: for the purposes of radiation hazard, higher millisievert count means greater risk.
According to Finnish estimates, the 5.5 million people living in Finland are at a greater risk than inhabitants of Iitate, receiving on average 3.2 millisieverts per year.
But this is not the whole truth, oh no! In many places in Finland, actual radiation doses are far higher than that. The ice ages scraped our soil down to bedrock, and bedrock contains considerable quantities of uranium. As it decays, one of the decay products is an odorless, invisible and radioactive gas known as radon. With little soil above to hold it, radon tends to rise into air and collect within our dwellings. As the pie chart above shows, radon and its decay products are a major factor in the radiation dose of an average Finn, but radon exposures can vary widely, from almost zero to as high as 340 (yes, three hundred and fourty) millisieverts per year (Muikku et al. 2014, p. 12).
According to measurements conducted by the Finnish Radiation Safety Authority (STUK), there are about 549 000 Finns who receive at least 5 millisieverts per year from radon and other sources. Of those, perhaps 70 000 receive annual doses that exceed the highest doses Greenpeace managed to measure at Iitate (10.4 mSv/a) (Muikku et al. 2014, p. 15). (Note: it is unclear whether radon might in fact account for the high indoors radiation doses Greenpeace measured in Iitate. It is well known from Finland and other areas with high radon concentrations that without very good basement ventilation, radon can easily collect in houses and result to very high dose rates.)
Even though extensive studies have failed to find any clear links between these dose rates and incidence of health problems (a link likely exists, but is so weak that clear connection cannot be established), it should be by now clear to anyone that if anyone deserves an evacuation because of radiation hazards, it is us Finns. (See also the picture at the top of this post.)
Preferably to somewhere warm.
The Fukushima disaster was a needless tragedy that sundered apart entire communities. It is despicable for any organization to continue to prolong this tragedy and exploit people's understandable fears for the purposes of propagating its outdated, probably disastrous energy policy that puts opposition to nuclear power at front and center even when evidence of the dangers of runaway climate change becomes clearer by day. It is especially despicable to use utterly misleading propaganda like Greenpeace currently does – to solicit donations.
References
Muikku et al. (2014). Suomalaisten keskimääräinen efektiivinen annos. STUK publication A259. (PDF link)
If you follow me on Twitter, you've probably gleaned how I feel about Gamergate. I'm not even going to attempt to summarize it—this covers it pretty well.
When 4chan started banning every Gamergate-related thread from its videogame forum, the infuriated gamers fled to 8chan (aka ∞chan), a year-old spinoff with its own unique origin story. Gamergate was welcomed with open arms. (I'm guessing Moot wasn't heartbroken to lose their business.)
So, I know this is a cheap thrill, but I find it incredibly satisfying to read threads on 8chan from Gamergate supporters mourning all their fallen heroes.
We got a taste of this early on with the ultra-savvy geek icons like Joss Whedon and Tim Schafer coming out publicly in support of Anita Sarkeesian, followed by waves of rage and hand-wringing.
But as Gamergate continues to grow, and its accompanying campaign of harassment escalates, more and more artists, writers, and critics are publicly taking a stand against it.
That's led to a lot of disappointment and frustration from pro-Gamergate supporters mourning the betrayal of their heroes, as they disappear one by one into their Social Justice blacklists.
For someone who's sick of the abuse, these 8chan threads are pure schadenfreude:
One: https://archive.today/JASOw
Two: https://archive.today/xnFKy
Among the fallen heroes mentioned: Patton Oswalt, Seth Rogen, Felicia Day, William Gibson, Tim Schafer, cartoonist Mariel Cartwright, Joss Whedon, writer Greg Rucka, Wil Wheaton, writer Jim Sterling, John Scalzi, Adam Sessler, Jon Stewart, and the creators of Raspberry Pi, who came out forcefully against #gamergate.
When prompted for alternatives to their lost idols, a handful of names are mentioned, but only those who have remained silent on the issue. Their best hope is that the silent are secretly on their side, since nobody else creating stuff seems to be. They mention Giant Bomb's Jeff Gerstmann, and the artists behind the Oglaf and Nedroid comics as possible supporters.
I wondered aloud on Twitter if their silence actually meant their support. Anthony from Nedroid immediately replied:
@skinny @waxpancake @Oglaf @jeffgerstmann yes, they are wrong. I don't support “gamergate” in any way and I think the whole thing is awful. — Anthony (@nedroid) October 17, 2014
Oglaf's Trudy Cooper replied later that night:
@nedroid @skinny @waxpancake @jeffgerstmann Completely wrong. I had no idea what "gamergate" was until just now. As if I'd support it, c'mon — Bodil Bodilson (@Oglaf) October 17, 2014
This morning, Jeff Gerstmann posted a strong statement against Gamergate in an editor's letter on Giant Bomb:
So when “GamerGate” rose up to cover over a campaign of harassment with a veneer of concern for the ethics of games journalism, it more or less set off every single disgust alarm I have. Though I'm sure some good people have been roped into this mess under this guise, the ethical concern portion of all this is largely a farce, a fallacy.
Cross those three off the idols list, I guess.
Towards the end of the thread, one commenter summed it up, “We have to accept that pretty much the entirety of western society has turned against us and chugged kool-aid like crazy.”
I've said it before—creating something new and putting it online is an act of bravery, and it exposes you to a tremendous amount of criticism. At any level of popularity, you deal with kneejerk contrarians, self-entitled fans, and anonymous haters—the bread and butter of the Gamergate movement.
It's not too surprising that they're having a hard time winning their heroes over to their side.
Amsterdam Mayor Eberhard van der Laan decided to stop the policy of closing coffeeshops immediately after a shooting at the business. But only if the coffeeshop owner agrees to take measures to prevent such incidents and to cooperate fully with the police should it be necessary, the municipality of Amsterdam announced in a press statement.
The owners of all 174 coffeeshops in the city will receive a statement stating that these measures will be taken within the next few days. They will be asked to sign the statement. If they don't, the current policy of immediate and indefinite closure will remain in force.
The statement says, among other things, that cameras will be installed and that the owner will close the business for one week after a shooting. This is to restore public order and to await the initial results of the police investigation. It also says that the coffeeshop owners will cooperate fully in an investigation and share all relevant information with the police.
The Mayor can still order a coffeeshop closed if circumstances demand it or if it appears that the owner did not comply to all requirements in the statement. Coffeeshop owners are required to cooperate with the police whether or not they sign the statement.
The current policy of immediatly closing a coffeeshop after a shooting has to do with restore peace in the area and protecting residents, passers-by, residents and employees. The closure is lifted once the mayor is confident that public closure is restored and the business does not pose a risk for the neighborhood. According to the municipality, in practice this means that coffeeshops are closed for at least three months.
Since October last years there has been 10 shootings at coffeeshops and one restaurant in the city. No one was injured. Earlier this week the police arrested the first suspect in connection with one of the shootings.
TouchArcade Rating:
In 2016, the first week of the year saw Clash Royale (Free) hit mobile in soft launch, setting the pace for what the rest of the year would bring. 2017 has seen yet another landmark release that has caused a seismic shift in the mobile gaming landscape. That game…is Vape Master (Free).
In Vape Master, you get your vape on, inhaling deep off the vape cannon, and trying to exhale at the perfect moment. Inhale too much, and you'll have to cough the vape out. Your mission: to vape up the bar, theater, or stadium before your battery or time runs out. Don't get caught by security, either. Coins you earn go toward upgrading your Mjolnir of Vape, along with various customizations, because you need to vape in style. Yes the game just released on January 5th, but you can get a Santa outfit for free. A Vape Master does what a Vape Master wants to do, and vaping in a Santa outfit is life. Truly, you are now in Vape Nation.
Oh, and the soundtrack is dubstep.
The Marine Corps has issued service-specific rules for allowing transgender troops to serve in uniform, publishing guidance on transgender service for individual Marines as well as implementation rules for unit commanders.
"No otherwise qualified Marine may be separated, discharged, or denied re-enlistment or continuation solely on the basis of their gender identity," wrote Lt. Gen Mark Brilakis, the Deputy Commandant for Manpower and Reserve Affairs wrote in Marine Corps Bulletin 1121.
"All Marines will continue to treat each other with dignity and respect. There is zero tolerance for harassing, hazing, or bullying in any form."
The Corps' guidance comes one month after Navy Secretary Ray Mabus outlined the overall Department of the Navy rules in Secretary of the Navy Instruction 1000.11.
The Navy and Marine Corps will begin the recruiting of "otherwise qualified" transgender sailors and Marines no later than July 1, 2017, Mabus wrote in the instruction. Effective immediately, both services will allow transgender service from those already in the ranks.
The Corps' new rules apply to Marines and sailors serving in units under Marine Corps leadership.
To make sure all the new rules are crystal clear for Marine leadership, mobile training teams will visit bases Corps-wide starting in January to give training targeted to "lieutenant colonel and above commanders, their senior enlisted advisors, and command surgeons," according to MarAdmin 631/16.
As with the other military services, the Corps will now officially identify a service member's gender by what is being called the "gender marker" indicated in the Marine Corps Total Force System and the Defense Enrollment Eligibility Reporting System, according to the bulletin.
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for the Marine Corps Times Daily News Roundup
That marker determines which uniforms and grooming standards apply to a sailor or Marine, as well as which physical fitness standards they'll have to meet. It also determines whether they'll use male or female shower facilities, bathrooms and berthing.
Changing that marker in the system is now possible, but only once the transition is totally complete. The bulletin says it's up to the Marine or sailor to get "legal documentation which indicates your preferred gender."
Only a certified true copy of a state birth certificate, certified true copy of court order or U.S. passport will qualify as documentation.
Once the gender marker is changed in DEERS, the service member will be recognized in the preferred gender and held to preferred gender standards from that point forward.
This administrative change has been possible since Oct. 1, when the Defense Department officially sanctioned transgender transition for military members.
"The DoD's transgender service policy requires a service member's medical care be brought into the military health system and establishes a structured process whereby they may transition gender when medically necessary," said Maj. Garron J. Garn, spokesperson for the Marine Corps Manpower and Reserve Affairs.
To start the process in the Corps, service members must, with their military medical provider's help, "develop a medical treatment plan which will include all medically necessary treatment, projected schedule of the treatment, potential periods of limited duty or nondeployability, and estimated date for changing the gender marker in MCTFS," the bulletin states.
That plan is submitted to the member's commanding officer for approval. The Department of the Navy's rules state that transition medical treatment will differ for each service member and could include "behavioral health counseling, cross-sex hormone therapy, surgery, and real-life experience."
But that CO has some options designed to ensure their unit's readiness, too.
The bulletin directs commanders to "approve the timing of a medical treatment plan based on your unit's deployment, operational, training, and exercise schedules and critical skills availability." The approval to the Marine or sailor must come within 90 days of it hitting the CO's desk.
"If the unit's mission requirements require a delay in executing the treatment plan, and there is a medical urgency in receiving the medical treatment, the treatment plan shall be reviewed by the first general officer in the chain of command."
In addition, the guidance also allows COs to "delay non-urgent medical treatment, including gender transition, for deployed Marines until redeployed to the permanent duty station." This includes Marines embarked on, or assigned to, Navy ships.
Timing is also important for initial entry Marines — those who are still in their training pipeline — and though they can still seek treatment, there could be snags in their service, the bulletin says. "Marines are subject to separation in an entry-level status if medical treatment impairs the Marine's ability to complete the training," according to the bulletin.
Discharge could also arise as an option for Marines already in the fleet, too, if their "ability to serve is adversely affected by a medical condition or medical treatment," including gender transition, the bulletin said.
But, the bulletin continued, Marines will be evaluated just the same as if they had any other medical condition.
The DOD transgender handbook will be used in the Marine Corps training program and the message also encourages those getting the document and reviewing it in advance.
- Birthday Party of 5 -
If my fingernails were celebrating a birthday, this is definitely what they would wear for their big night out on the town. I feel like confetti just fell from the sky and landed perfectly in all the right spots with this Indie polish from KraftyGurlDesigns. It's a party on my hands and you're invited!
1 coat of Carnival In Rio over Essie - A Crewed Interest
Carnival in Rio by KraftyGurlDesigns is a mix of yellow, teal, and hot pink glitters suspended in a clear base. I found that the glitters were super easy to place as desired just by manipulating the brush strokes, which is important if you are anything like me and find that you are super particular about the placement of glitter on each of your fingernails.
The colors are bright and vibrant, and the glitter is solvent resistant so there is no risk of bleeding or fading either. I layered the glitter over Essie's A Crewed Interest, but in my opinion this glitter would also look fantastic and really pop with a black or white base. I just love it!
Carnival In Rio retails for $6.50 and is available through KraftyGurlDesigns on Etsy
Words by Dylan Stott
I predicted that something was going to happen. Weird goings on. Tides are bottoming out at 0.0 because of that damn black moon. The mood in the house is ugly. Winter has set their dark and stormy teeth. Wind all night. Snow splattered up against the window. Snow not just on top of the mountains, but all the way down. Big and booming outside before dawn, several hours before the beginning of the swell – we stumble around in the dark to the thunder of another big swell. Paddle yeah? … No. Nerves.
Kurt and I have been in this house now for four months. It's like a cave, this house, this town. Howling and whistling – and when a big swell is coming, it's stressful – to be going surfing when there are new rocks in front of your house that weren't there yesterday. We argued about the fuel for the ski then about how I stitched together our only fifty-newton flotation vest and glued our sled back together while they went surfing. We argued about who bought the ingredients for last week's chilli and who bought the last bag of coal, who has to pay for what kinds of blah blah blah. We argued about bad breath.
Sitting on the bluff the mood got no better. The waves were pumping. Big and 50ft looking – high tide and still barreling. We didn't even stay to watch a set. Weather was dark, and the wind was still shaking the car. At the harbour there was flotsam everywhere – it looked like something exploded, like the debris from Louis Mountbatten's old boat washed up all over the ramp.
Met up with Francois Liets, and a gang of usual suspects in the harbour. Everybody seemed a little tense. On edge. I think it's the moon and this insane weather. Paul noticed it too. Everybody is wandering around like the apocalypse just happened. Useless. Like zombies were on the attack.
With every set coming it felt like somebody let the plug out of the ocean a little more, with every big wave you could see a few more contours of the bottom.
The harbour had a foot of wind chop on it and was so full if junk we immediately got some of it stuck in the ski intake. Once out and into the lineup there was no hanging out and watching it. We knew it was good. We only had a little window before the centre of the storm passed and we would be on the wrong end of it. So after a quick chat we were out there. A pod of dolphins now hang around every session, cruising around to let us know we were not the only people who appreciated Mullaghmore.
It was way too big to consider paddling, and it was really nice to cruise around on some medium-tide ones, and after a nice round of a couple warm up waves, it started to get interesting. With every set coming it felt like somebody let the plug out of the ocean a little more, with every big wave you could see a few more contours of the bottom. Peter Conroy pulled in too deep and got a “very bad wipeout,” which in their firefighter standards and XXL Pedigree standards is saying that most mightn't have survived it. Peter and Ollie came back to the lineup, when I was on the rope and told me about it – a harsh trip over the falls and then down to the bottom of the trench – the deep behind the shallow part of the reef. They hit the bottom, Peter said, after they got sucked way, way down – and that isn't the best thing to hear from a goofyfooter at a giant left slab. Kurt promptly put me into a big one, and I had a bunch of fun nervously fading to a semi-critical spot then pulling into a big pocket which spat at me.
Barry got a couple of massive ones. Fun as it could be. Conor Maguire got on the rope behind the golden hands of Paul O'Kane and rode out a huge barrel before being clipped, injuring their ankle. Sets poured in. Time got hazy. And like Captain Paul O'Kane said to me one day, the sun shines on somebody every session. The last big swell had about twenty or 30 good waves in it. This one had 50 or 60 – way more consistent. But in every swell there is one special wave.
Tom Butler is full of energy. They were fired up on paddling this session and wanted to borrow a bigger board so they could have a go. But it wasn't to be. There was no chance at a paddle even though Tom gave it a good look, and then waited a whip into one. I got Tom on the end of the rope. I waited out there for about twenty minutes and the horizon went black, I turned around and Tom is going put me deep. I established myself in the lineup, and dropped Tom “Buttliar” Butler as deep as I possibly dared. Usually from the back you just see a huge heaving froth, but this thing went square and clear from the back like you would see at a perfect little reef break, except it was a perfect 30ft barrel.
I only could watch as it exploded from the back. Just as the Hercules swell when I came in to the channel and nobody could speak when Kurt did their layback, this time coming in was weird too. I gave Tom the ol' hi five, then Barry, who is not predisposed to public displays of affection swam over from out of nowhere and gave Tom a long and affectionate hug. I'm going to go on the record here now and say that Tom Butler has ridden the best wave of the session, of one of the best sessions of the year, of one of the best years ever, at one of the best waves in the world. Which might mean something.
And once again we're back in the house. It's Saturday night and we're not doing anything, we're gonna stay inside and nurse our sore bits. Coal and wood are more important than food right now. I usually eat sprouts and lentils but I just fried up burgers and had oven chips. The rain goes on and with the hail and the wind and the storms. And the winter is not over yet.
Know your way around Narnia
CS Lewis was born on this day in 1898. A poet, academic, critic and theologian, Lewis is best known for their novels, particularly the timelessly popular Chronicles of Narnia.
This delightful map of Narnia and its surrounding lands was drawn by Lewis themselves and now resides in the Bodleian archives, preserving a privileged insight into Lewis' world-making processes.
Lewis did not intend for their own illustration to be published in their books, intending instead that a professional artist would create a more polished interpretation. Pauline Baynes was introduced to Lewis by their fellow Inkling JRR Tolkien, and they redrafted the map for publication in Prince Caspian, the second book of the series.
In a letter with further instructions for Baynes, dated 8 January 1951, Lewis described the finished look they were hoping for.
My idea was that the map should be more like a medieval map than an Ordnance Survey – mountains and castles drawn – perhaps winds blowing at the corners – and a few heraldic-looking ships, whales and dolphins in the sea.
For those who do not know Narnia quite so well, here are some of the more interesting places on the map.
Aslan's How: The mound covering what was once the Stone Table where Aslan was sacrificed.
Beruna: One of the four named towns in Narnia. Strategically built at the confluence of rivers, Beruna became the site of two great battles.
Cair Paravel: The capital of the Kingdom of Narnia, and the location of the Royal Castle where High King Peter, Queen Susan, Queen Lucy and King Edmund havetheir thrones.
Dancing Lawn: The ritual site for old Narnians, and the meeting place after Prince Caspian flees from Miraz's castle.
Lantern Waste: The location of The Lantern of Ever Lighted Lamp, the lamppost where Lucy and Mr Tumnus first meet after they pass through the wardrobe. Lantern Waste is also where Digory, Polly, Jadis and their companions witnessed the creation of Narnia.
Miraz's Castle: Where Prince Caspian is raised by Miraz, their uncle and un-rightful ruler of Narnia.
Trufflehunter's Cave: The home of Trufflehunter the badger, first talking animal that Prince Caspian meets and later a Knight in the Order of the Lion.
By DZ
With the announcement two days ago that South Africa's Gift Ngoepe has been promoted to Triple-A Indianapolis, it seems like a good time to catch up on the handful of South Africans in the minor leagues. With the continued development of baseball across the continent, particularly in Uganda, it is only a matter of time before there is a greater geographic spread of African players in professional baseball.
Gift Ngoepe, Pittsburgh Pirates. South Africa.
Current team: Indianapolis Indians (AAA)
The Pietersburg-born infielder spent their second year in major league spring training before being assigned to return to Double-A Altoona. Ngoepe was a switch hitter and second baseman for most of last season, but they now hit only right-handed and was the everyday shortstop in Altoona. Through 71 games, they came out of the gate hitting better than they have in some time, putting up a .260/.338/.362 line with 66 strikeouts and 3 stolen bases (in 9 attempts).
Gift has played two games at Triple-A since their promotion, getting their first hit (a double) at the level last night, as well as adding a walk and a stolen base. The Pirates major league middle infield is strong, but Ngoepe is now one step away from being the first major leaguer developed on the African continent.
Dylan Unsworth, Seattle Mariners. South Africa.
Current team: Bakersfield Blaze (High-A)
Durban's Unsworth has progressed as well, starting 3 games earlier this year at the Double-A level (his first taste of that level) before being assigned to High-A, where they spent all of last season. In their 10 games for Bakersfield, they have a 3.38 ERA with 39 strikeouts and 4 walks in in 34.2 innings. They gave up 11 earned runs in their 11 Double-A innings.
Callan Pearce, Minnesota Twins. South Africa.
Current team: GCL Twins (rookie)
Pearce, another product of the Durban region, has 3 appearances thus far in the Gulf Coast League. After their first 21 professional innings at the level last season, the righty has thrown 4 more in the first week of this season. He's allowed 3 hits and one run, while walking 4 and striking out 2.
Rowan Ebersohn, Minnesota Twins. South Africa.
Current team: GCL Twins (rookie)
Ebersohn, an outfielder signed out of Benoni last year, made their professional debut June 22nd. He's had 13 at bats thus far and is still seeking their first professional hit. He's struck out four times.
Has yet to appear in 2015:
Vince Deyzel, Pittsburgh Pirates. South Africa.
Assigned to: GCL Pirates
The third Durbanite on this list, Deyzel signed earlier this year and reported to Florida two weeks ago after finishing their school term. The right-handed pitcher is training with the Gulf Coast League team for the next month before returning to South Africa for school and to play with the U18 national team in the U18 Baseball World Cup in Japan.
WA Police beard ban to be lifted, but under strict conditions
Posted
After years of agitation, West Australian police officers will soon be allowed to be bearded while on duty, albeit under strict conditions
From March 1, some facial hair will be acceptable for the boys in blue.
But they will have to grow their beards in their own time, with the new rules stipulating that the in-between stage must take place when officers are on three weeks' leave.
Here are the rules: Beard must be full face with moustache.
Must be grown while on leave or absent (three weeks' growth).
Neat, clean, close-trimmed with a consistent level of growth. No less than 8mm in thickness and no greater than 20mm.
Area around cheeks/neck will be closely shaven.
No goatees, excessive sideburns or small patches below bottom lip (soul patch, royale or mouche).
No sculptured or patterned beards extreme in style or colour.
No beard allowed if officer attached to specialist team that requires use of gas mask.
Employment lawyer Nicole Young told ABC Radio Perth the police service was well within its rights to set such rules.
"Appearance generally is not a protected attribute that is protected by discrimination laws," Ms Young said.
"They are saying three weeks' of growth because they want thickness there and that is understandable, but not many men would take three weeks to grow eight millimetres.
"It does seem a bit onerous and you would have to be very committed to using three weeks of your annual leave to grow your beard."
Beard, tattoo bans are legal
Until now, only Sikh police officers have been exempt from the beard ban, as growing a beard is a requirement of their religion.
In 2012 Victoria Police implemented a beard ban.
Three years later a number of officers challenged the ruling, taking it all the way to the Supreme Court, but were ultimately unsuccessful.
"It doesn't surprise me that the Victorian Supreme Court said it's not discriminatory, but I am also interested in seeing that the WA Police have decided to let the boys in blue grow a beard," Ms Young said.
"I think that is very progressive of them."
One ABC listener said they had their application to join WA Police knocked back because they had a tattoo of a skull, which they were told was "death-themed" and may scare the public.
Ms Young said this decision did not break any discrimination laws.
"Rules against hair colour, piercing, tattooing — if a business wants to have a rule about how you will look at work, it's usually not discriminatory unless it's based on a religious belief," they said.
"Employers are allowed to have rules about who they want working for them and how they are going to look.
"Obviously the police did it out of concern, they are saying, for the public.
"But it could just be the personal preference of an employer not to like death-themed tattoos."
Bosses can dictate appearance
An employer can even have a policy on baldness or weight.
"Being overweight is not a protected attribute and there have been quite a few cases where that has been tested," Ms Young said.
"To be sacked for being overweight is certainly an unfair dismissal, but being told that you need to lose weight is not discriminatory.
"Even if you are bald that is not protected.
"You could be not hired because you are bald, and an employer could decide to only hire bald people."
Listeners to ABC Radio Perth were broadly in favour of WA Police officers being allowed to grow beards.
"It's not their looks that count, it's their ability, so be it as it may, if they have neat and attractive facial hair, let them enjoy it." — Wendy
"I agree that WA Police officers should be allowed to wear beards, most other policing jurisdictions in Australia allow beards. Just because they have a beard doesn't mean they can't do their job." — Brian
But others had safety concerns.
"Is it secure? What if the criminal grabs the beard? Ouch!" someone said via SMS.
Topics: police, careers, offbeat, perth-6000
SPRINGFIELD — Baystate Health will lay off 24 employees, cut hours for another 17 workers and not fill 45 open positions as a way of closing a $22 million system-wide budget shortfall.
The jobs are all based in Springfield and almost entirely at the flagship Baystate Medical Center operation, spokesperson Ben Craft said Thursday. The eliminated jobs do not include bedside nurses nor do they include doctors. The jobs do include clinical support and administrative jobs and 10 management positions, Craft said.
Those to be laid off were given notice that their jobs will end in 30 days.
Without the cuts, Baystate would have had trouble making its projected operating margin for the year, money used to keep up with capital expenses for buildings, programs and equipment, Craft said.
Baystate blamed the shortfall on the difference between what it the government pays it to care for the poor and what that care costs.
Baystate Medical Center is one of the largest providers of Medicaid services in Massachusetts, according to a news release, and provided more than $112 million in unreimbursed care in 2014.
Nancy Shendell-Falik, chief operating officer of Baystate Medical Center, said in the release, "We are committed to providing these services in line with our charitable mission; unfortunately the reimbursements we receive for providing Medicaid services are well short of our costs, typically between 70 and 80 cents on the dollar. We take any decision to end any person's employment very seriously, and we regret the necessity of it. We will do everything possible to help those affected find new opportunities, either within or outside Baystate Health."
According to the release, affected employees will receive severance pay and extension of benefits in accordance with their tenure of service and job placement assistance.
Baystate Health has a total of 11,500 employees at Baystate Medical Center, Baystate Mary Lane in Ware, Baystate Franklin in Greenfield, Baystate Wing in Palmer and other assorted operations. Of those, 6,100 work at Baystate Medical Center in Springfield, the 761-bed hospital that also serves as Western Massachusetts' only Level 1 Trauma Center and has the second-busiest emergency room in all of Massachusetts.
Baystate is already trying to save money through its supply chain, process improvement and energy efficiency.
The cheapest way to enjoy a glass of craft in Tokyo is to buy some at a bottle shop and drink it either outside or at home. However, if you want to sample some rarer brews or you can't convince your friends to hang out with you in the park regularly, then one of the more reasonably priced Tokyo craft beer bars listed below may be what you are looking for. As a point of reference, the average price for an American pint (about 450ml) in Tokyo is around ¥1,000 to ¥1,200. All of the places below are considerably cheaper.
Shinshu Osake Mura
Literally “Shinshu (Nagano) Alcohol Village”, this place has beer from only a single prefecture in Japan. Luckily for you, that prefecture makes some of the best beer in Japan and luckier still you can drink at the bar for wholesale prices. The price of Shiga Kogen beer is even cheaper than you'll find in a liquor shop. The staff are knowledgeable and friendly and will do their best to explain the different brews. In summer it can be a little hot and stuffy, but beer is the perfect antidote. More info and review here.
Craft Beer Bar IBREW
Nestled next to an elevated expressway between Yaesu and Ginza, IBREW is a tiny bar that spills on to the street with kegs and rounds of wood for tables outside. They have 10 taps pouring a variety of Japanese and Tokyo craft brews. On the day Tokyo Cheapo visited there were beers from Hideji, North Island, Baird, Hakodate Beer, Romantic Village (better than it sounds) and Minami-Shinshu. According to the bartender, they often have Minoh and Shiga Kogen brews on tap as well. Prices are 421 yen for a smaller glass and 745 yen for a large glass.
A combined Shinkansen (bullet train) and hotel package from Tokyo to the historic town of Kanazawa. – click here for details Suggested Activity
Craft Beer Bar IBREW Address: 1F Masumi Bldg, 2-11-7 Yaesu, Chuo-ku, Tokyo Phone: 03-3281-6221 03-3281-6221 Read more
Goodbeer Faucets
GBF has more than 40 beers on tap, focusing on Japan, the US and Europe. While a lot of beers on tap exceed 1,000 yen/pint (American size), the locally brewed beers are more reasonable—including the house brand 750-yen Endless Brown Ale. All Tokyo craft beers are 200 yen off during happy hour bringing the 750-yen GBF Brown down to 550 yen. Happy hour is from 5 to 8pm, Monday to Thursday and from 4 to 7pm on Sundays.
Goodbeer Faucets Shibuya Address: Shibuya Crossroad Building 2F, 1-29-1 Shoto, Shibuya-ku, Tokyo Phone: 03-3770-5544 03-3770-5544 Hours: 5pm - 12am (Mon - Thu, Sat), 5pm-3am (Fri), 4pm - 11pm (Sun) Read more
Craftsman
Craftsman is on the first floor of a building full of bars and pubs just a 3-minute walk from the west exit of Gotanda Station. There are 31 craft beers on tap and a well priced food menu to go along with your beer (a huge plate of Belgian frites for 600 yen + tax). Beer is priced by the glass. Irrespective of the maker or variety, it's 500 yen + tax for the smaller glass and 800 yen + tax for the larger glass. The larger glass holds approximately 350ml. While this isn't extraordinarily cheap (á la Shinshu Osake Mura) they have an incredible range: Minoh, Romantic Village, Tokorozawa Beer, T.Y.Harbor, Outsider, Sankt Gallen, Kagua and more. Even a dedicated craft beer explorer will find a number of rare varieties that they haven't tried. Also be aware of the seating charge of 300 yen per person.
Craftsman Gotanda Japanese script: クラフトマン Address: 1F Grace Gotanda, 2-18-3 Nishigotanda, Shinagawa-ku, Tokyo Phone: 050-7534-7688 050-7534-7688 Hours: 5pm -1am daily, Also 11:30am to 2:30pm weekdays Read more
Two Dogs Taproom – Hoppy Hour
Sandwiched between the usual clubs and bars in Roppongi, Two Dogs stands out with a range of 24 Japanese and international craft beers on tap. Split equally, the beer menu is regularly updated and features a mix of the big names and seasonal craft beers from across Japan, some familiar American labels and their original house brew Roppongi Pale Ale. Japanese beers are all below 1,000 yen a pint, while some internationals go above, but smaller sizes are available too. To make the most of it though, Hoppy Hour is the time to go. Between 5 and 7pm every day, pints are reduced down to medium price and medium to a small, knocking a good few hundred yen off your bill. A full-menu nomihodai (all you can drink) deal is also available for 3,600 yen if you want to try a good selection. The pizza is great; freshly made in the wood-fire oven—with a vegan options available, and half price on Sunday evenings, for the perfect cut-price combination. If you're a bit of a beginner, or not sure where to start, the owner Mike knows a thing or two about their beers and is always willing to give recommendations (and tasters if you're nice). All staff speak English, free wifi is available and there is no seating charge, but it can get quite busy!
Two Dogs Taproom Address: Minato-ku, Roppongi, 3-15-24 Aries Bld. 2F Phone: 03-5413-0333 03-5413-0333 Hours: Lunch: 11:30am-2:30pm (Mon-Fri) (closed for lunch holidays) Dinner: 5:00pm - 3:00am (Tue - Sat) 5:00pm - 11:30pm (Sun-Mon) Read more
Gorigori Burger Taproom
¥ 790
¥ 1,800
Gorigori Burger Taproom Japanese script: ゴリゴリバーガー タップルーム Address: 1 Chome-2-3 Nishiazabu, Minato, Tokyo Phone: 03-6804-2435 03-6804-2435 Hours: Weekdays: 6pm - 11pm, Weekends/Holidays: 12pm - 10pm Read more
The ideal Tokyo neighbourhood: 5 things to look for – read more REThink Tokyo
TAPxTAP Kanda
Within spitting distance (on a windy day) of Roppongi Hills, this American Football themed beer and burger restaurant serves surprisingly cheap craft beer. An American size pint costs onlywith a “beer flight” of six small glasses for. Gorigori has 13 taps of imported and domestic craft beer from the likes of Sierra Nevada, Ise-kadoya, Ushitora and Hop Havoc. The burger and food menu is extensive but watch the early closing time – they shut up shop when the burgers run out.
TAPxTAP opened their first Tokyo branch in July 2016 (branch number one was in Fukuoka). This small cafe-style bar seats about 20 and offers 20 beers on tap. Most of the beers on offer when we visited were from lesser-known Japanese brewers with a few big brand (not craft) international beers from Belgium and Germany. While some of the brewers are a little less renowned, there's plenty of variety and it's a good chance to sample some new brews and flavors. The “Cannonball IPA” from Tokorozawa Brewery in Hyogo prefecture was the highlight of our visit.
Small glasses cost 500 yen while American pints (450ml) are 800 yen. There's also a menu with light meals and snacks like chicken karaage, mussels, pasta, pizza and salad.
TAPxTAP Kanda Japanese script: TAP×TAP 神田店 Address: 2-9-18 Kajicho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo Phone: 03-6206-4672 03-6206-4672 Hours: 11:00 - 15:00, 17:00 - 23:30 Read more
Titans Craft Beer Taproom & Bottle Shop
Titans is the beautiful offspring of a partnership between two beer importers: AQ Bevolution and Beer Cats. The 10 beers on tap rotate through the offerings from AQ Bevolution and Beer Cats with the odd Japanese guest beer. Prices are from 700 yen for a goblet and 1,300 yen for an enormous 700ml “Titan” tankard. For value hunters, they have an 8,000-yen discount card that entitles you to 11 regular-size beers and one titan. Given that regular size goblets may range up to 900 to 1,000 yen, the discount card is a good deal. Bottles in the fridge start from about 500 yen. If you want to drink it inside Titans, though, there's a 300-yen corkage charge.
Titans Craft Beer Taproom & Bottle Shop Japanese script: タイタンズ クラフトビール・タップルーム＆ボトルショップ Address: 3-53-7 Minamiotsuka, Toshima-ku, Tokyo Phone: 03-5904-9531 03-5904-9531 Hours: 15:00-23:00 Read more
Beer-Ma
Apparently the “Ma” stands for “Mania” rather than “Mama”. Either way, Beer-Ma will have you drooling like a baby over their enormous bottled beer selection (1,500 varieties) and 10 taps of draft beer. Beer-Ma originated as a bottle shop on the other side of Kitasenju Station. Now, you can either drink your bottle on premises (there is a 100-yen charge per bottle) or take it with you.
Beer-Ma Japanese script: びあマ Address: 2-62 Senju, Adachi-ku, Tokyo Phone: 03-3882-2508 03-3882-2508 Hours: Mon/Tue/Wed/Fri: 2pm to 12am, Sun: 2pm to 9pm, Thu: Closed Read more
Craft Beer Market
Craft Beer Market is a wildly popular craft beer bar now with seven branches in Shinbashi, Jimbocho, Awajicho, Mitsukoshimae, Koenji and Kichijoji. While not super cheap, the prices are reasonable and the range of beers (about 30 domestic brews) are extensive. Sadly, on the day that I visited, neither of the two best beers on the menu were available. Prices are 480 yen for a glass and 780 yen for an American pint. Due to its popularity, it's a very good idea to reserve your table in advance.
Locations: Shinbashi, Jimbocho, Jimbocho Terrace, Awajicho, Mitsukochimae, Koenji, Kichijoji.
Hours: Vary depending on the location. Call ahead to check.
Website: http://www.craftbeermarket.jp/
Former entries:
Brew pubs Ginza Hachiban and Koenji Bakushu Kobo were on this list, but with the profusion of new venues they've been well and truly relegated – worth a look if you're in the neighborhood, but not worth a special trip. Likewise, the Beersaurus happy hour was listed, but they've been demoted due to their slightly limited range and high regular prices.
This article was originally published in May 2014 and regularly updated. Last update: July 2017.
Far out in the uncharted backwaters of the unfashionable end of the Western Spiral arm of the Galaxy lies a small unregarded yellow sun.
Orbiting this at a distance of roughly ninety-two million miles is an utterly insignificant little blue green planet whose ape-descended life forms are so amazingly primitive that they still think digital watches are a pretty neat idea.
This planet has – or rather had – a problem, which was this: most of the people living on it were unhappy for pretty much of the time. Many solutions were suggested for this problem, but most of these were largely concerned with the movements of small green pieces of paper, which is odd because on the whole it wasn't the small green pieces of paper that were unhappy.
And so the problem remained; lots of the people were mean, and most of them were miserable, even the ones with digital watches.
Many were increasingly of the opinion that they'd all made a big mistake in coming down from the trees in the first place. And some said that even the trees had been a bad move, and that no one should ever have left the oceans.
And then, one Thursday, nearly two thousand years after one man had been nailed to a tree for saying how great it would be to be nice to people for a change, a girl sitting on their own in a small cafe in Rickmansworth suddenly realized what it was that had been going wrong all this time, and they finally knew how the world could be made a good and happy place. This time it was right, it would work, and no one would have to get nailed to anything.
Sadly, however, before they could get to a phone to tell anyone about it, a terrible stupid catastrophe occurred, and the idea was lost for ever.
This is not them story.
But it is the story of that terrible stupid catastrophe and some of its consequences.
It is also the story of a book, a book called The Hitch-Hiker's Guide to the Galaxy – not an Earth book, never published on Earth, and until the terrible catastrophe occurred, never seen or even heard of by any Earthman.
Nevertheless, a wholly remarkable book.
In fact it was probably the most remarkable book ever to come out of the great publishing corporations of Ursa Minor – of which no Earthman had ever heard either.
Not only is it a wholly remarkable book, it is also a highly successful one – more popular than the Celestial Home Care Omnibus , better selling than Fifty-three More Things to do in Zero Gravity , and more controversial than Oolon Colluphid's trilogy of philosophical blockbusters Where God Went Wrong , Some More of God's Greatest Mistakes and Who is this God Person Anyway?
In many of the more relaxed civilizations on the Outer Eastern Rim of the Galaxy, the Hitch-Hiker's Guide has already supplanted the great Encyclopaedia Galactica as the standard repository of all knowledge and wisdom, for though it has many omissions and contains much that is apocryphal, or at least wildly inaccurate, it scores over the older, more pedestrian work in two important respects.
First, it is slightly cheaper; and secondly it has the words DON'T PANIC inscribed in large friendly letters on its cover. But the story of this terrible, stupid Thursday, the story of its extraordinary consequences, and the story of how these consequences are inextricably intertwined with this remarkable book begins very simply.
It begins with a house.
The Rite: Almost A Good Horror Flick
The Rite could have been a subtle, moody film about the Roman Catholic Church's Rite of Exorcism. The Rite could have been a film about a young man looking for a way out of their doldrums hometown. The Rite could have been about an old man's struggle with their own sins and failures. The Rite is almost all of these, but often gets in the way of itself.
Director Mikael Håfstrom takes their time building the world and story around Michael Kovak (Colin O'Donoghue). Michael is a self-centered everyman. They sign up for the seminary just because they don't want to stay in their backwater town prepping dead bodies for wakes at the family funeral home. It's not the life I'd want, but it's a stable living, Michael! So, Michael joins the seminary and gets a $100,000 education, for free. Towards the end of their education, Michael decides to resign, citing a lack of faith. Their mentor, Father Matthew (Toby Jones) convinces Michael to reflect on their decision and sends them to Exorcism School in Rome.
Once in Rome, the story actually begins. The film takes about a half hour to get there.
In Rome, Michael meets Anthony Hopkins' Father Lucas. Father Lucas is a practicing exorcist in the not-so tourist friendly parts of Rome. Michael searches for proof that God and the Devil exist while Father Lucas attempts to exorcise a demon from a pregnant Italian girl named Rosaria. As the film progresses, subjects like celibacy, psychiatric care vs. exorcism and family duty all get brought up, but are never fully explored.
While attending the class, Michael meets a journalist named Angeline (Alice Braga) who wants to learn more about why the Church started an exorcism school. Angeline has the potential to be a great character, but they serve the role of plot device more than anything else. Nothing really comes from their relationship aside from Michael needing some help during the film's climax. The two could have debated belief in exorcism and playfully danced around Michael's impending celibacy vows, but instead talked about Anthony Hopkins' Father Lucas.
In a scene where Father Lucas performs along term exorcism session on Rosaria, Michael tells Father Lucas they believe Rosaria needs a psychiatrist, not a priest. Father Lucas shrugs them off and says he's a physician as well as a priest and that Rosaria is indeed possessed. The subject is brought up once or twice more, but a psychiatrist never examines Rosaria and the subplot just disappears.
Michael, the son of mortician Istvan Kovak (Rutger Hauer), occasionally looks distressed when they think of how they abandoned their father. Truth be told, their father seemed to be pretty proud of their son. However, Father Lucas slowly becomes a father figure to Michael. Father Lucas though, seems to have their own demons.
The story is pretty predictable and the only things that kept me with the film were the cinematography and Anthony Hopkins' performance.
The Rite, while muddling through developing its main characters' motivations, does have a strong visual language. Predominantly shot in Rome, the film is graced simply by taking place within the city's ancient structures. Cobblestone streets, exposed brick, gothic fountains and tight alleyways make for an atmospheric setting.
Mr. Håfstrom and cinematographer Ben Davis use rain, snow and a red-eyed mule to maximum effect. Using both high and low camera angles, the filmmakers convey a spiritual battle between good and evil. One of the most riveting scenes in the film combines this use of angles and Anthony Hopkins' considerable skills as a performer.
Mr. Hopkins really gets to stretch their skills as Father Lucas Trevant. Mr. Hopkins is studious, whimsical, steadfast, kind and terrifying throughout the film. Father Lucas is a very complex character and it is a joy to watch them go from making playful verbal jabs at Rosaria to forcefully commanding the demon inside them to leave. This wasn't just a payday for Mr. Hopkins. They really bring their A-Game to the role. Unfortunately, some of their quieter moments are marred by really loud demon whispers.
The bombastic sound undercuts the film's visual nuance. There are some genuinely creepy moments ruined by too much loud, demonic whispering (most notably the asupervisorstioned evil mule scene). It's too damn crisp and not nearly guttural enough! The sound design has all the subtlety of a grindcore Lady Gaga cover band.
Visually, The Rite has all the trappings of a good horror film and Anthony Hopkins is fascinating to watch as Father Lucas. It's one of my favorite performances from them in a long time. There are some truly haunting moments, even if the script lacks and the sound is overbearing. I recommend checking it out once it hits DVD and Bluray.
~
Ian Gonzales is a big fan of horror films. In fact, he's currently living one. It's called “I'm 31 and I'm more psyched for a Teefury Dalek t-shirt than I am for Valentine's Day.” You can follow them on Twitter: @iangonzales.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
The multiplayer portion of Uncharted 4: A Thief's End will incorporate microtransactions from the outset, according to the game's lead multiplayer designer Robert Cogburn.
Players will be able to purchase various weapons, tools, and upgrades, but the studio has made it clear that every item can also be earned through in-game currency.
Following a private demonstration of Uncharted 4 at Paris Games Week to a gathering of journalists, Cogburn opened the floor to questions. They were asked by GameSpot if--since Uncharted 4's multiplayer includes an in-game currency model--the game would eventually adopt microtransactions.
"Microtransactions will be available at launch, but we'll have no gameplay items that will be gated through microtransactions," they replied.
Uncharted 4's multiplayer mode makes a deliberate move away from the action-movie realism of the main campaign, with players allowed to use mystical totems to unlock supernatural abilities, as well as summon sidekicks (medics, snipers, etcetera). At the outset of each match, players can select various weapons at different in-game currency prices, a la Counter-Strike.
GameSpot will be providing a hands-on preview of the multiplayer mode shortly.
Cogburn added that striking the right balance, between grinding for items and incentivising real-money acquisitions, will be determined after Naughty Dog looks at the data from the Uncharted 4 multiplayer beta.
Later, Cogburn explained that the multiplayer mode will render at 60 frames-per-second, although at 900p, due to the studio's belief that the smoothest possible experience is crucial in multiplayer. By contrast, Uncharted 4's campaign mode will display at 1080p30.
Cogburn also said Uncharted 4 will "most likely be Naughty Dog's last game in the series," though when asked about this later they suggested this wasn't absolutely confirmed.
"We as a studio feel that this will probably be the last Uncharted game we do. Who knows?"
Creative director Neil Druckmann previously said it is bringing closure to protagonist Nathan Drake's journey, and the game will be the "end of an era" for the studio.
Elsewhere in the interview, Cogburn was also asked about co-op, to which they replied "we'll be talking about co-op later."
The Uncharted 4 release date has been confirmed as March 18, 2016.
MGN graphic
PORTLAND, ore. -
Regulators of Oregon's new recreational marijuana license program said Thursday that about 20 percent of the more than 900 licensees so far – mostly growers – have failed to submit proper record-keeping to the state's cannabis tracking system and could face fines or loss of their licenses as a result.
Oregon Liquor Control Commission Executive Director Steve Marks issued the following letter to OLCC Recreational Marijuana licensees:
COMPLIANCE NOTICE
A Message from Steve Marks, Executive Director, OLCC
To our OLCC Licensees,
Congratulations, you are one of more than 900 recreational marijuana licensees approved by the OLCC. Retail business sales now exceed $3 million per week and as we add retailers, average weekly sales per retailer remain steady at $17,000.
Every day additional products are being added to store shelves which is in part the result of testing changes that have expedited the ability to get products to market. There is no doubt that more work is needed to improve and streamline the testing process. Despite its imperfection, the market is growing every day. This is good news.
Now for the disappointing news. In spite of prolific communication about the Cannabis Tracking System (CTS), hands-on work with licensees, and extensive training opportunities provided by Metrc, about 20 percent of licensees, mostly growers, are failing to keep current the most basic CTS records. If you are one of these licensees, know that this is a compliance risk and will result in fines and/or cancellation of your license.
System Integrity Issues Require Immediate Fix
To the industry's credit, we are seeing vast improvements in recording sales properly; however, licensees are still making unacceptable data entry errors. Most egregious are the following non-compliance examples which are serious rule violations, and under OLCC rules require significant penalties:
Outdoor plants that are still recorded in the system as “flowering” even though it is well past harvest season.
Cannabis Tracking System packages that are not being created after harvest within the allowed 45 days.
I recognize that 80% of licensees have learned to use the Cannabis Tracking System and are properly recording data and I commend you for your diligent work to learn to use CTS and properly record data. Most of you are devoting the necessary attention to this essential responsibility. This data is essential to ensuring our system's integrity and to the OLCC's ability to assure the public that the system is accountable to Oregon law and federal guidance.
Using the Cannabis Tracking System is Not Voluntary
Using the Cannabis Tracking System is not voluntary. As a condition of licensure, managers and other designated personnel were required to take and pass training on the Cannabis Tracking System.
To those of you that are failing to properly record data in CTS, an essential licensee responsibility, I have directed OLCC personnel to flag all licensees not meeting data tracking requirements and to inform them of non-compliance issues.
If in response to this message, licensees make efforts to proactively comply with CTS data entry requirements, then OLCC staff may consider these circumstances in evaluating options to address past non-compliance; including settlement of violations.
Achieving a Vision for a “Best in Nation” System
Although I am disappointed about data entry violations that are occurring, I still firmly believe that the overall industry is as committed as we are at OLCC to demonstrating and taking pride in a “best in the nation” marijuana regulatory system - a system that is accountable, user friendly, and profitable for well-run businesses and the state. Clearly, it is still very early in this journey and with our commitment and your understanding we can correct our course and move forward together.
This message to you will be followed by a technical bulletin to all licensees through CTS and GovDelivery addressing compliance matters specific to the Cannabis Tracking System as well as other potential compliance issues concerning labeling and packaging, sales to minors, and sales of medical grade product to non OMMP cardholders.
So, the first year grade for OLCC and our licensees is ”Good but Needs Improvement.” That said, with the help of licensees, the Governor and legislators, the OLCC has confidence that the industry can rapidly move to a status of "High Achievement.”
Sincerely,
Steven Marks
Executive Director, OLCC
Here's what you need to know...
Many of the pointers given to squatters are intended for those who are wearing supportive gear. There's no need to prioritize the posterior chain when trying to bring up your squat. Squat strength depends on quad strength. To improve your squat technique, practice wall squats. To increase leg strength, practice front squats. Improve your form at the bottom of the squat by focusing on driving your upper back into the bar.
Raw or Geared?
Most of the advice you hear on the squat is written by geared lifters for geared lifters – those who use special suits, heavy wraps, and other forms of supportive gear.
While that information has value, a lot of it would be unsuitable for a raw squat – "raw" meaning free of gear.
Case in point: Sitting back. This is probably the most overused pointer, and it's directed mostly at the geared lifter.
Luckily there's some no-fail advice that raw lifters can use to improve squat performance. But first let's go over a few things that don't help.
Needless Advice for Raw Squatters
Let's clear up some misinformation. There are two things you can disregard when trying to bring up your squat.
You must prioritize the posterior chain. You must do good mornings to strengthen your posterior chain.
It's been drilled into our heads that we need to be more posterior-chain dominant, but the truth of the matter is the squat is supposed to be a leg movement.
A lower bar position on your back will tend to make you bend over more. This is totally fine, but the intent should always be to stay as upright as possible. The more bent over you are, the lower back and hamstrings you'll use. But don't forget about the quads.
Many of the top raw lifters and all-time greats prioritized quad training. The focus wasn't on glutes, hamstrings, or lower back, but more on quads.
The quads have a ton of potential for growth. More hypertrophy will give you a higher ceiling for strength. Look at any great Russian squatter. They all have insane quad development. When you see muscle hanging off of your knees, don't be surprised when your squat goes through the roof as well.
Out of the hole, you should always try to lead with the upper back first. Watch any world class squatter. Nearly everyone – both geared and raw – will try to lead with the upper back first out of the bottom.
As a powerlifter, it's critical to save your lower back so you have back power left when your deadlift comes around. If you use your lower back too much when you squat you aren't going to have much left when you deadlift whether you're training or in meet.
Good mornings, which are a great exercise to train the back and hamstrings, aren't necessary for squatting world record weights.
In the past I tried doing lots of good mornings with no luck. I got really good at good mornings, but my squat went nowhere. I got to the point where my good morning was stronger than my raw squat and I was able to hit 600 for 5 with the giant cambered bar.
While my good mornings got a lot of attention, they didn't do much for my squat total.
Photo Credit: CrossFit Impulse, Alabama
3 Keys to the Raw Squat
1 – Technique
It's damn near impossible to do a wall squat with poor technique. That's what makes wall squats the best drill to teach you how to squat properly.
Simply face a wall and perform some body weight squats. If you lean too far forward your face will smash into the wall. If your knees come too far forward your knees will hit the wall. In both cases you won't be able to achieve proper depth without hitting the wall. It's a self-correcting tool.
The only thing to watch out for when performing wall squats is that you don't roll up onto the outsides of your feet to squat down.
Make sure your feet are firmly planted so that your big toe, heel and mid-foot have contact with the floor. Sit back and drive your knees out hard just enough to hit proper depth, and don't overdo either one.
Try using wall squats in a number of ways:
For warming-up: Start with 3 sets of 5 wall squats before getting under a bar. Aside from practicing technique, it'll warm up the hips and ankles before a heavy squat session. When my wall squats feel smooth I know I'm going to have a great squat session. Self-training: If you're a newer lifter, perform wall squats before you even touch a bar to ingrain the proper pattern. Most lifters don't learn strength like a skill. Squatting is an athletic movement just like a golf swing or a baseball throw. It requires technical precession and the wall squat is the best way to achieve this. Assistance work: Using the wall squat for high reps is a great way to great extra work in. Try doing this with a band around the knees in order to work the hips.
You can also do these isometrically with the band to learn to constantly push out and engage the hips for an extended period of time. This will keep your knees from caving in when the weights get real heavy.
2 – Leg Strength
Most people think they fold over in a squat because their lower backs are too weak. This may be true for some, but more often than not, if your legs aren't strong enough you'll feel compelled to shift the load to the lower back since you can't keep your hips under the bar.
The best exercise to help you keep your hips under the bar by building leg strength is the front squat. It's a challenge because you can't fold over at all. If your torso comes too far forward you'll dump the bar. Like the wall squat, it's a self-correcting exercise.
When you front squat, you're going to be more upright, and your knees will come forward more than they would during a traditional back squat.
There are two main ways to front squat.
The cross-arm grip is great for people with limited mobility. If your main focus is just strength this is completely fine. If you're a competitive weightlifter then you need to learn how to properly rack the bar and utilize the clean grip. I prefer the clean grip because you can't use your arms at all to assist you.
Since it requires a little bit more mobility, warm up before you go into your front squats. Here is a favorite I use every time to prepare my upper body for the proper rack position.
There are three reasons to make front squats a staple:
New lifters: If you're new to squatting, the front squat should be a primary movement for your first few weeks. Use as a primary exercise and do 3-6 reps at a time. If you're on a Westside split the front squat can also be thrown in as a max effort exercise from time to time. As a supplemental move: Front squats are a great secondary movement to help build the squat. When done as a second move use higher reps in the 5-8 rep range for multiple sets. For deloading or building phases: If you're an experienced lifter coming off a meet, it'd be wise to use front squats as a deload.
Since you can't front squat as much as you back squat, you won't be loading the spine nearly as much. Use front squats as your main movement while your body heals up. You'll go into your next training cycle feeling fresh and ready to go.
3 – Intent Out of the Hole
Lifters fail squats when their backs are comprising. This may be a result of too much forward lean or the hips shooting up too fast.
The best way to correct this is by correcting your focus. Think about driving your upper back into the bar on the way up.
A great way to practice and build strength in this position is the high-bar pause squat. The high-bar squat will allow the lifter to stay a bit more upright than a regular squat, but not quite as upright as a front squat.
Pausing in the bottom gives you a chance to find your groove and focus on the proper ascent. That way you can rise up focusing on driving back into the bar with your upper back.
A pause squat will help you build strength out of the hole and find your perfect bottom position.
A longer pause will help you ingrain a proper position. If you're too far forward or too far back you aren't going to be able to sustain that position for very long. If your technique is good, you'll be able to sit in the hole with no problem. It will still suck, but you'll be able to drive back up and ultimately finish the lift.
Tip: To help you stay upright and use your legs more, do these with weightlifting shoes that have a raised heel.
It gives you artificial ankle mobility since you start in a position of plantar flexion. This will allow you to let your knees drift forward more while still keeping your heels on the ground allowing for a more upright and quad dominant squat.
If you don't have access to weightlifting shoes, performing this old school with 10 pound plates under your heels is totally fine. Just make sure you walk out carefully and keep your balance as you come back.
There are plenty of reasons to use high-bar pause squats:
As a primary exercise: Do anywhere from 3-5 reps and even singles on occasion. As you get closer to a meet using regular squats is advised. If you need a break from the straight bar, utilize pause squats with a safety squat bar in order to give the shoulders a rest and tax the legs and the back simultaneously. The safety squat bar will teach you to use your upper back when squatting upward. Supplemental move: Use them as a second exercise to help you build the squats. Do 1-3 second pauses, 5-8 reps for 3-5 sets. Dynamic effort work: Use pause squats as speed work. This can be done with straight weight or with accommodating resistance.
The key here is trying to generate as much speed as possible out of the hole and driving back up with the upper back. Learning to squat powerfully from the bottom will teach you to drive through sticking points and ultimately achieve new personal bests.
Final Tips and Recap
Don't overthink the cues and advice used by geared lifters if your goal is raw strength and size. Good mornings are fine but aren't necessary for a huge squat. Sitting back and driving the knees out hard are great cues but don't exaggerate either one. Focus on screwing your feet in the ground and spreading your groin apart as you sit between your feet. Use the wall squat to ingrain proper squat technique. Use front squats to build leg strength and to practice staying upright. Perform pause-squats to build strength out the bottom, find your groove, and practice driving your upper back into the bar.
Related: The Truth About Squatting Deep
Related: Squat Right for Your Type
Related: Squat Mechanics: A Deep Analysis
Two owners of allegedly defective Remington Model 700 rifles say they will seek to block a landmark class action settlement approved by a federal judge last month, arguing the agreement does not go far enough. That means the fate of as many as 7.5 million allegedly unsafe guns is once again in question.
The settlement covers the iconic Model 700 and a dozen other Remington models with similar designs. In 2010, CNBC investigated allegations Remington covered up a deadly design defect that allows the guns to fire without the trigger being pulled. Remington has steadfastly denied the allegations and maintains that the guns are safe, but said it was settling the class action case to avoid prolonged litigation. Remington has agreed to replace the triggers in millions of the guns free of charge, and provide product vouchers for models it says are too old to be retrofitted.
But Lewis Frost, a deputy sheriff in Louisiana who owns three Model 700s, and Richard Denney, an Oklahoma attorney who also owns three 700s, have argued that the settlement's mechanism for notifying the public deliberately downplays the alleged risks the guns pose, and doesn't do enough to get word out about the replacement offer. Attorneys general in nine states and the District of Columbia made similar arguments in court. As of mid-February, only about 22,000 owners had filed claims to get their guns fixed.
Last month, U.S. District Judge Ortrie D. Smith in Kansas City dismissed the arguments and approved the settlement. While Smith said they were "concerned" about the low claims rate, they concluded that Remington and plaintiffs' attorneys had made "reasonable" efforts to notify the public. On Thursday, Frost and Denney said in a court filing that they are appealing the ruling to the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals. The filing does not describe the specific grounds for an appeal.
An attorney for the plaintiffs in the class action case, Mark Lanier, called the appeal "so sad," and said in an e-mail that it has "no chance of success."
"In the meantime," Lanier wrote, "millions of guns will remain unfixed while these professional objectors try to hold up the process to make some money."
As part of their appeal, Denney and Frost seek to block the $12.5 million in fees Smith awarded to Lanier and their fellow plaintiff attorneys. In response, Lanier says the plaintiffs will now try to recover additional fees from Frost and Denney to cover the cost of litigating the appeal.
Attorneys for Frost and Denney did not respond to requests for comment, nor did attorneys for Remington.
The impact on owners who have filed claims or were considering filing claims is unclear. Lanier said the process would stop while the appeal is pending. But as of Thursday afternoon, a special web site containing settlement information and claim forms was still operating, with no mention of the appeal.
The settlement covers Remington rifle models 700, Seven, Sportsman 78, 673, 710, 715, 770, 600, 660, 721, 722, 725, and the XP-100 pistol.
The Republican National Committee (RNC) is reportedly taking legal advice and examining its rule 9 to see if it is possible to replace Donald Trump as the party's presidential nominee.
While the GOP candidate has lacked the backing of some party stalwarts during their campaign, the latest revelations over Trump's comments about sexually assaulting women have led to calls within the party for a replacement nominee to be found.
RNC chairperson Reince Priebus said the group would be taking the next 48 hours to reconsider its election strategy, a party insider told Politico.
The RNC's lawyers are said to be examining the legal repercussions of fielding another candidate with a month to go before election day – with its rule 9, in particular, being scrutinised.
The rule outlines the circumstances in which the RNC can fill a vacancy for the presidential or vice-presidential nominee. However, it currently appears the only way to replace Trump would be if they dies or Trump themselves quits the race.
But Trump has made stated they have no intention of standing down – despite several high-profile Republicans saying they should allow their running mate, Governor Mike Pence to take over the nomination.
Trump told The Wall Street Journal: "There is zero chance I'll quit", adding in comments to The Washington Post: "I'd never withdraw. I've never withdrawn in my life. No, I'm not quitting this race. I have tremendous support."
They added: "People are calling and saying, 'Don't even think about doing anything else but running".
"You have to see what's going on. The real story is that people have no idea about the support. I don't know how that's going to boil down, but people have no idea about the support."
Battle for Orlando: Who is voting for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton in the key swing state of Florida? from International Business Times on Vimeo.
Roast Beef with Yorkshire Pudding
A roast served with the savory pastry known as yorkshire pudding could be called the quintessential British dinner.
serves 8
Season beefs with salt and pepper. In a small bowl, mix together oil, thyme, rosemary, and garlic. Rub beef with herb mixture. Place beef in a small roasting pan, cover loosely with plastic wrap, and refrigerate for at least 8 hours or overnight.
Remove beef from refrigerator 2 hours before you are ready to roast; allow it to come to room temperature. Meanwhile, make the yorkshire pudding batter: Whisk together milk, 1 cup flour, 1 tsp. salt, and eggs in a bowl. Cover; let batter sit at room temperature for at least 1 hour.
Heat oven to 500°. Remove plastic wrap and roast beef until browned, 18–20 minutes. Reduce temperature to 250°. Roast until a thermometer inserted into center of beef reads 120° (for medium rare), about 25 minutes. Remove from oven, transfer to a cutting board, and let rest, tented with foil, while you make the yorkshire pudding and gravy. Pour pan drippings into bowl, leaving about 3 tbsp. in pan. Set roasting pan aside.
Raise oven temperature to 450°. Spoon 1⁄2 tsp. reserved drippings from bowl into each cup of a nonstick muffin pan. Heat in oven for 15 minutes. Uncover batter; whisk in 1 tbsp. drippings from bowl. Remove pan from oven; pour batter evenly between cups; bake until risen and brown, about 20 minutes. Reduce oven temperature to 350°; bake for 10 minutes to set puddings. Remove pan from oven; set aside.
Make the gravy: Heat reserved roasting pan over medium heat. Add shallots; cook until soft, 4–6 minutes. Add wine; cook, scraping up browned bits, until reduced by half, 4–6 minutes. Whisk in remaining flour, followed by stock. Cook, whisking, until thick, about 5 minutes. Slice beef; serve with pudding and gravy. Garnish with chopped parsley, if you like.
Net neutrality really is the hot topic at the moment. After the FCC slapped Comcast for slowing down BitTorrent users, Canada is now looking into the network management practices of its ISPs. And rightly so, as a CRTC investigation reveals that most of the ISPs in Canada actively slow down customers using P2P applications.
Ignited by the Comcast fiasco in the US, the concept of net neutrality has certainly been brought into the mainstream. ISPs are rarely transparent when it comes to their throttling, capping and otherwise interfering behavior, but in Canada they had to come clean due to a CRTC investigation.
The Canadian Radio, Television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) is currently looking into the traffic management practices of Canadian ISPs, which came to a head as a result of a dispute between CAIP, and its wholesale provider, Bell. The core objectives of the investigation are to examine the Internet traffic management practices being used, and check that they are in accordance with the Telecommunications Act.
The CRTC is looking at the effects of filtering on both regular customers and wholesalers, and the results of the first round of questions are just in. Even though some of the responses are filed in confidence (summarized by Chris Parsons), there is enough information to conclude that all major ISPs slow down customers, with most specifically targeting peer-to-peer traffic.
In their response to the CRTC investigation, Bell, Cogeco, Rogers and Eastlink all admit slowing down P2P traffic, arguing that it negatively affects network performance. Shaw, one of the other big players, admitted that customers are slowed down, but most of its responses were filed in confidence and P2P was not specifically mentioned.
Bell was more open about its practices, and admits using deep packet inspection (DPI) to throttle its individual customers and wholesalers. On Bell Wireline, P2P traffic is slowed down between 4.30 PM and 2 AM. To cope with the increasing bandwidth demands of its customers, they further plan to disconnect heavy users and introduce metered plans where customers pay for the bandwidth they use.
Cogeco started to throttle P2P users back in 2001, when they were only using a tiny fraction of what they do now. However, it was seen as necessary because of the increasing load these users put on the network. Like other ISPs, Cogeco considered other options such as metered plans, but these would not solve the network ‘abuse' by P2P users. Furthermore, the ongoing battle with P2P users who strive to evade their management solutions led the ISP to use deep packet inspection (DPI) as well.
Rogers claims it has to throttle P2P users to prevent their network from becoming “the world's buffet,” as they like to call it. Not only does this affect their network, their bandwidth bills also increased due to the growing popularity of BitTorrent and other filesharing networks. Similar to Bell and Cogeco, Rogers is also known to use DPI. Upstream P2P traffic is slowed down across their entire network, regardless of congestion,
Shaw filed most of its answers in confidence, but provided a rather paradoxical statement which clearly shows that they slow down upstream traffic. “The traffic management technologies have reduced the rate of upstream consumption to a more manageable rate,” they write, claiming that this allows their customers to reach their full contract speeds. Similar to the other ISPs Shaw is predicting that bandwidth usage will grow, and that traffic shaping is essential to manage their network.
In summary, we can conclude that there is no such thing as net neutrality in Canada. All of the larger ISPs slow down their customers, with most of them specifically targeting P2P traffic through deep packet inspection. Because of this, P2P users can't enjoy the speeds they were promised, and several legitimate businesses whose income depends on delivering content through BitTorrent or other filesharing networks are unable to compete with those who don't. It's now up to the CRTC to draw the right conclusions.
(CNN) One day after coalition airstrikes bombed Syrian government troops, warplanes made multiple attacks against rebel strongholds in eastern Aleppo on Sunday.
Sunday's strikes turned up the pressure on a fragile ceasefire brokered between Washington and Moscow, now in its sixth day, and make the cloudy situation in war-torn Syria even grayer.
It was not known who conducted Sunday's strikes, which the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said were the first in Aleppo since the US-Russia-backed ceasefire took effect last Monday. At least one woman has died and many people have been wounded, some critically.
Russia has said the US-led coalition airstrikes that mistakenly killed dozens of Syrian troops on Saturday -- prompting a diplomatic firestorm -- put the ceasefire in jeopardy.
The strikes near Deir Ezzor Airport -- which the US says were intended to target ISIS but instead killed 62 Syrian soldiers, according to the Russian military -- sparked a furious row between the US and Russian ambassadors to the United Nations outside an emergency Security Council meeting.
The US has expressed regret for the strikes, while Australia, which says its planes were among a number of international aircraft involved in the operation, expressed condolences to the victims' families.
"We consider what happened as a natural result of the persistent refusal of the United States from the establishment of close cooperation with Russia in the fight against ISIS, Jabhat al-Nusra and other affiliated terrorist groups," the Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
Bouthaina Shaaban, a political and media adviser to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, told CNN's Becky Anderson that Syria is adhering to the truce and the US should start cooperating.
"I ask the United States if they truly mean to target terrorists, where is the problem in coordinating their efforts with Russia, with the Syrian-Arab army, with anyone who is targeting terrorists?" asked Shaaban.
"After all, this is the target for all of us, so why are they prolonging the agony of the Syrian people and allowing the terrorists, all this time, and all this space, to slaughter our people?" they said.
US regret for 'unintentional loss of life'
The strikes occurred Saturday in a part of eastern Syria that is not covered by the ceasefire. The US military acknowledged having carried out the strikes, but said they were targeting ISIS militants and that if strikes hit Syrian troops, it was by accident.
The US "relayed our regret through the Russian Federation for the unintentional loss of life of Syrian forces fighting ISIL," a senior US official told CNN late Saturday, adding that the US would continue to pursue compliance with the ceasefire agreement while targeting terror groups like ISIS, which are not covered by the truce.
Australia's Department of Defense said in a statement that Australian aircraft were involved in the attacks in Deir Ezzor, targeting "what was believed to be a Daesh fighting position that the Coalition had been tracking for some time."
It said bombing "ceased immediately" once Russian officials notified the coalition's Combined Air Operations Center that the targets may have been regime forces.
Russia and Syria said the strikes prove Washington and its allies are sympathetic to ISIS, which they say was able to briefly capture a Syrian position in the wake of the coalition attack.
The Russian military says 62 Syrian soldiers were killed in the strikes, according to state media, while the UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the death toll at 83, with at least 120 soldiers wounded.
US, Russia in war of words
JUST WATCHED What the ceasefire looks like in Aleppo Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH What the ceasefire looks like in Aleppo 03:01
On the sidelines of an emergency UN Security Council meeting called on the matter, tempers were high.
Russia's permanent UN representative, Vitaly Churkin, questioned the timing of the strikes, two days before Russian-American coordination in the fight against terror groups in Syria was to begin.
"I have never seen such an extraordinary display of American heavy-handedness," they said, after abruptly leaving the meeting.
Churkin was upset with US ambassador Samantha Power, who lambasted Russia's support of the Syrian regime to the media outside the meeting while they were speaking.
Power angrily denounced the Russian call for the UN meeting, saying "even by Russia's standards, tonight's stunt -- a stunt replete with moralism and grandstanding -- is uniquely cynical and hypocritical."
If US-led coalition airstrikes did hit Syrian forces Saturday, it was unintentional and Washington regrets any loss of life, they said, before proceeding to list atrocities they said the Syrian regime has perpetuated during the five-year civil war.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova responded to their remarks on Facebook, saying Power would understand "the meaning of the word 'shame'" if they visited Syria and met the people living there in "a bloody experiment, with the active involvement of Washington."
US: Coalition conferred with Russia
JUST WATCHED Moment of joy for Aleppo's children Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Moment of joy for Aleppo's children 00:50
A statement from US Central Command said the coalition conferred with the Russian military before the strike.
"The coalition airstrike was halted immediately when coalition officials were informed by Russian officials that it was possible the personnel and vehicles targeted were part of the Syrian military," US Central Command said.
A US official told CNN they broadly described the geographic area to the Russians -- as is customary -- before the strike but did not give a precise location. The coalition thought it was going after an ISIS tank position.
"Syria is a complex situation with various military forces and militias in close proximity, but coalition forces would not intentionally strike a known Syrian military unit," CENTCOM said.
Russia blames the United States
Syrian troops have been battling ISIS for years in Deir Ezzor, where the Islamist militants control most of the city.
On Sunday, the Sunni terror group shot down a regime warplane involved in an anti-ISIS operation in Deir Ezzor province, killing the pilot, state-run SANA news agency reported, citing a military source. The terror group claimed responsibility for the shootdown in a statement circulated online by the ISIS-affiliated Amaq agency.
Russia blamed the United States for failing to coordinate with them on Saturday's airstrikes, a Russian Defense Ministry spokesperson told Sputnik.
ISIS militants launched an attack on the Syrian position after the airstrikes, Sputnik reported, citing the Russian Ministry of Defense.
The SANA news agency said the military was able to quickly regain control of the area.
Delicate ceasefire
The Syrian military said it viewed the strike as evidence the United States and the coalition support ISIS. It called the incident a serious and blatant aggression, SANA reported. Russia's Foreign Ministry had similar words, according to spokesperson Zakharova.
The latest ceasefire has offered some respite from violence in the civil war, which has killed an estimated 430,000 people since 2011 and touched off an international refugee crisis. But there have been numerous reports of violations, and both the Russians and Americans have said the other party is not fulfilling its obligations.
The main focus of the ceasefire was to allow humanitarian aid to reach the Syrian people. But nearly a week after the ceasefire began, desperate populations in besieged areas are yet to receive aid, which has been held up on the Turkish border as humanitarian agencies await guarantees of safety from the warring parties.
Once the humanitarian relief was in, the Russians and Americans were meant to agree on targeting jihadist factions: Jabhat Fateh Al-Sham, the former al Qaeda affiliate in Syria, and ISIS. To do that, they are supposed to set up a Joint Implementation Center.
CNN military analyst Lt. Col. Rick Francona said it is not clear now what will happen.
"This might put in danger this Joint Implementation Center that the US and the Russians are supposed to set up in the next few days to coordinate just these kinds of strikes against ISIS and to prevent just what happened," they said Saturday.
Everything you need to know about where Canada's top basketball prospects will be playing next season. (Getty Images)
When R.J. Barrett announced that they would be attending Duke University next season, the news flooded social media timelines for days. Basketball fans knew where four out of the five of Canada's top prospects would be heading, but they were still waiting on one final decision to be announced.
On Nov. 22, Simisola “Simi” Shittu took to social media to tell the world their not-so-secretive decision that they would be attending Vanderbilt University next season. With this announcement via The Players' Tribune, all five of Canada's top prospects have picked their schools for next season.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Simi Shittu wants to let you know where he's going to college. But first, they have some people from their life to thank. @LanX_Sims pic.twitter.com/CTv7iBoCQq — The Players' Tribune (@PlayersTribune) November 22, 2017
SIMI SHITTU, Vanderbilt University
In late September, Simi Shittu announced their official visits would include the University of Arizona, University of North Carolina, and Vanderbilt University — and on Nov. 22, they announced that it was Vanderbilt that made the lasting impression.
With Arizona assistant coach Emmanuel Richardson still under federal investigation after being accused of taking $20,000 in bribes to pay a recruit to commit to the school, it was commonly thought that Shittu would informally pick between UNC and Vandy. But after cancelled visits to North Carolina and Arizona, it became clear what their ultimate decision would be.
Story continues
The Tar Heels signed a five-star PG back in July 2016 in Coby White, and two small forwards; four-star Rechon Black and five-star Nassir Little, so it didn't look like there would be enough ball to share if Shittu injected themselves into an already stacked roster.
Less than two weeks ago, when five-star PG Darius Garland committed to the Commodores, it was in the back of basketball junkies' minds how dangerous the duo of Garland and five-star Shittu would be on the hardwood — and it seems like Shittu agreed.
Vanderbilt is going on a freshmen frenzy; in addition to the pass-first point guard, and the Canadian big man, Vandy also clinched four-star Aaron Nesmith earlier this year — making 2018 one of the best incoming classes the program has ever seen. With a slew of first-year student on this year's roster and only three seniors, next year's team has a chance to grow with each other under the leadership of the big-three-freshmen and make a push for the championship after being upset early in this past year's March Madness tournament.
R.J. BARRETT, Duke University
As Canada's unanimous top prospect for the class of 2018 — after reclassifying late this past summer — five-star R.J. Barrett announced their commitment to Duke University on Nov. 10. They had already narrowed down their top three schools to Oregon University, University of Kentucky and Duke, but for anyone who knows him, Duke was always the right pick for a player looking to go one-and-done to the NBA.
#1 ranked player in 2018 @RjBarrett6 is set to commit on Friday! Top schools are Duke, Oregon & Kentucky. ➡️ https://t.co/c0OC7BgPq8 pic.twitter.com/UKG7qBT7Ob — Courtside Films (@CourtsideFilms) November 6, 2017
The crafty left-handed guard plays the small-forward position and says they always dreamt of playing for Duke and Coach K as a kid. Plus, having alumnus and NBA legend Grant Hill walk them through campus on their official visit didn't hurt the school's chances. More importantly, this is the third year in a row that Duke has signed the top high school prospect, and the squad only graduates one senior from the roster for the 2018-2019 season.
Senior Grayson Allen, one of Duke's top players who are shooting almost 50% from the field this season, will move on from college ball come March. But they won't be leaving the only hole in the roster: the Blue Devils' first-year student class — Trevon Duval, Marvin Bagley, Jordan Tucker, Gary Trent and Wendell Carter — are arguably all (or at least four of five) shoe-ins for the one-and-done route. And that leaves a huge hole for the highly touted Barrett and No. 3 North American prospect Cam Reddish to fill.
IGNAS BRAZDEIKIS, University of Michigan
The Oakville-native might be the most underrated player in the 2018 class, and the Wolverines' coaching staff took full advantage of that. After choosing Michigan over schools like Vanderbilt and Florida, they said playing for the Wolverines was a lifelong dream (especially after friend and Mississauga-native Nik Stauskas had a successful two-year career in Michigan before being drafted into the NBA).
Last year, playing for Nathan Johnson at Orangeville Prep, Brazdeikis blew up, averaging 30 points and 10 rebounds per game — including multiple 50-point games, one against Prolific Prep, a top American prep school in California. This season, Brazdeikis is already on a tear, averaging over 25 points per game and helping their team win the annual Westtown Classic tournament in Pennsylvania. In the championship game against Westtown School led by Reddish, Brazdeikis racked up 19 points, five rebounds, three assists and two steals.
Ignas Brazdeikis at Crisler will be electric pic.twitter.com/4yEcWvs3FG — Barstool Blue (@BarstoolUofM) November 11, 2017
Brakdeikis can do it all on the hardwood, known as a versatile small forward with unmatched scoring abilities. Small is relative, of course. Brazdeikis stands at 6'7″ and 220 pounds and is deadly slashing to the basket and finishing creatively around the hoop. He's also emerged as one of the best 3-point shooters in their Canadian league. With Michigan's two-guard offence, it will allow Brazdeikis to stay outside the 3-point line and give them enough space to do what they do best: drive, or pull the long-bomb. As they continue to build their arsenal to make an immediate impact on the Wolverines and develop into one of the NCAA's top players, they are no doubt looking to make a push to the big leagues in the near future. They join four-star Brandon Johns, four-star David DeJulius and three-star Taylor Currie in next season's freshmen class.
LUGUENTZ DORT, Arizona State University
On the cusp of becoming a McDonald's All-American, Luguentz Dort decided to leave the rat race and spend their last high school year north of the border attending Athlete Institute Academy. It turns out they didn't need that McDonald's All-American nod to pick up top-notch college offers. In mid-October, the Quebec-native narrowed their choices to Baylor University, Oregon University and Arizona State University, before eventually announcing their final commitment to the Sun Devils via a video played at their school's Midnight Madness event.
This will only be Arizona State's third five-star prospect in the last ten years (James Harden is one of those, and things turned out pretty well for him). ASU will also bring in Finnish four-star shooting guard Elias Valtonen to share in the first-year student duties with Dort.
These highlights of Arizona State commit @luguentz Dort are just INSANE — FloHoops (@FloHoops) October 21, 2017
And although Dort has big shoes to fill in the shadow of Harden, they have the ability, and heart to do so. The 6'5″ 220 pound point guard is a beast (as their Instagram handle @luthebeast confirms). They can out-run, out-jump, and out-hustle almost any player on any court, and they proved that at the 2017 BioSteel All-Canadian game, the equivalent to the U.S.'s McDonald's All-American game. In the spring showcase, Dort racked up 30 points on 12-for-16 shooting which included the most memorable and powerful dunks of the evening.
When asked why ASU, Dort replied that it was the relationship they had built with head coach Bobby Hurley.
ANDREW NEMBHARD, University of Florida
When Andrew Nembhard stepped back onto the court after a stomach surgery in July, they quickly reclassified to the class of 2018 and narrowed down their list of schools — they were on a mission to move on to the NCAA. Their final four schools included Ohio State University, University of Southern California, Gonzaga University and University of Florida, where they eventually committed.
With the Gators' only true pass-first point guard Chris Chiozza graduating at the end of this season, it left a gaping hole for Nembhard to slide in and see serious minutes from the moment they put on the orange jersey.
Nembhard is a floor-general in every sense of the term: the 6'3″ four-star PG pads their stats with assists over points, collecting 30 assists in their first 10 games, while averaging about 10 points per game with Montverde Academy this year, their senior high school season.
Florida head coach Mike White's point-guard driven system is enticing to a young player who wants veteran minutes from the get-go. The Gators play a four-out offense that is predicated on ball screens, and they rely heavily on the point guard making the right reads. With Nembhard's basketball IQ and pace, they should slide nicely into the Florida system.
The big GOP talking point about sequestration, the looming across-the-board budget cuts, was a simple one: It was all Barack Obama's idea in the first place, and therefore their fault. There's been a lot of discussion of how honest this idea was (not particularly), and how effective it's likely to be if sequestration actually happens (not especially), and even why they likely settled on it (because if there's one thing that everyone in the Republican Party can agree on it would be bashing Barack Obama). But what I don't think anyone has pointed out is what's really wrong with this talking point: It actively undermines any current negotiations. Again.
That's because Republicans are doing everything possible to remind Barack Obama, and other Democrats, that Republicans are at least as interested in using negotiations as an opportunity to generate material for future ad campaigns as they are in striking deals.
Advertisement:
Go back, for a minute, to the negotiations that produced the Budget Control Act and produced the sequester that is now scheduled to go into effect in a few days. Recall that Republicans were demanding huge spending cuts, and refusing to raise the debt limit unless they got them. The White House was willing to agree on the size of deficit cuts, and both sides were willing to agree to put off the debate for a while on how exactly to do deficit reduction. The problem was that Republicans wanted some assurances that when negotiations started up again the default would be cuts, not status quo; the White House suggested automatic cuts by a certain date unless the deficit cuts were deep enough.
Claiming now that this constitutes “Obama's sequester” isn't just a stretch. The debate over whether Obama was “really” the author of it isn't very interesting.
What does matter, however, is that using that supposed authorship against them suggests that Republicans feel that any proposal Obama makes in any negotiations is fair game for attack ads. Even if they agreed to it. Even if it was a counter-proposal that was milder than a Republican proposal.
It's particularly corrosive in budget deficit reduction negotiations because the inherent nature of deficit reduction is that the goal involves (unpopular) spending cuts and (unpopular) tax increases. At best, public opinion might support tax increases on the rich and spending cuts on a handful of tiny budget items, but that's about it. Everything else is going to be unpopular. So for negotiations to run smoothly at all, both sides need to have some confidence that they can, well, negotiate. Obviously, the initial public demands from both sides are entirely legitimate targets at the time and into the future. But counteroffers? Make this fair game, and you just won't get them.
Taken to an extreme, one could imagine Republicans demanding, say, $1 trillion in Social Security cuts; Obama responding that they will consider $100 billion; and Republicans then running attack ads at the president for “proposing” vicious cuts to Social Security.
Think that's unlikely? Consider the history of the Medicare cuts in the Affordable Care Act. At various times over the last three years, Republicans have made those attacks the centerpiece of their 2010 campaign; included the very same cuts in Paul Ryan's House Republican budget; bashed Barack Obama and the Democrats for refusing to ever cut Medicare; and resumed attacking the cuts during the 2012 campaign. So it's not as if Ryan-era Republicans have any hesitation at attacking Obama for positions they hold themselves.
Advertisement:
Reaching deals is always hard. Reaching negative-sum deals – lose-lose deals, where the theoretical payoff is far into the future – is even harder. Republicans surely know that; they've repeatedly asked Obama not only to agree to Social Security and Medicare cuts, but to propose them; they've also been far more eager to advocate vague cuts than specific ones, and have been quite outraged whenever anyone extrapolates from those vague cuts to suggest Republicans might want to actually reduce any specific popular program.
So anyone who actually cares about deficit reduction needs to know how fragile the negotiations about specifics will always be, and needs to structure negotiations in such a way that all participants are protected from attacks based on interim positions, counteroffers, and suggestions to get through impasses.
Of course, that's only for those who really are interested in actually cutting the deficit. The fact that they're now attacking Barack Obama for “proposing” sequestration is just the latest evidence that most House and Senate Republicans have no such interest at all.
Vladimir Putin began their career as a KGB spy, but when they became president they made themselves a valued ally of the west. How did they do it? And what made Washington and London turn against him?
In this four-part series Putin's top colleagues - and the western statesmen who eventually clashed with them - tell the inside story of one of the world's most powerful men.
In this opening episode, George W Bush meets Putin in June 2001 and declares they looked them in the eye and 'got a sense of their soul'. Colin Powell and Condoleezza Rice recall their discomfort. But Rice, the only Bush adviser in the private talks, reveals that, three months before 9/11, Putin gave Bush a prophetic warning about Pakistan, Afghanistan and the Taliban. After 9/11, Putin describes how they convinced their shocked colleagues that Russia should align with the West. Sergei Ivanov, Russian's defence minister, tells how the Taliban secretly offered to join forces with Russia against America.
This article is over 2 years old
Exhibit will include works on Ibrahim and Khalid El-Bakraoui, Brussels suicide bombers, and Foued Mohamed-Aggad, one of the Bataclan attackers
A Copenhagen art exhibit planning to portray two of the Brussels suicide bombers and one of the Paris Bataclan attackers as “martyrs” has been reported to police for encouraging terrorism.
In an exhibit partly inspired by Tehran's Martyrs' Museum, a Danish group of artists plans to include brothers Ibrahim and Khalid el-Bakraoui, who detonated bombs in the deadly Brussels attacks on 22 March, and Foued Mohamed-Aggad, who blew themselves up at Paris music venue Bataclan on 14 November.
Brussels bomber ‘identified as jailer of foreign Isis hostages' Read more
The installation will have the look of a museum, using images of the “martyrs”, replicas of their belongings and plaques to explain who they are.
The suicide bombers will be featured alongside historical figures considered to have died for their cause, such as French hero Joan of Arc and Greek philosopher Socrates, said Ida Grarup Nielsen of artist collective The Other Eye of The Tiger.
“A guide will talk about Foued Mohamed-Aggad and the events at the Bataclan, during which the room will also be (filled) with sound and light,” said.
The story would be told “more from their point of view,” they said.
The el-Bakraoui brothers would not be included in the guided tour but photos of them and replicas of their belongings would be put on display, including a black leather glove believed to have been worn by Ibrahim el-Bakraoui to conceal a bomb detonator.
The exhibit is scheduled to go on display from 26 May until 10 June in a former abattoir in Copenhagen's trendy Meatpacking District.
The venue is home to a theatre group whose artistic leader, Christian Lollike, courted controversy in 2012 by staging a play based on the manifesto of Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik.
“Our exhibit is really about describing the term ‘martyr' from as many different angles as possible and through history,” Nielsen said.
Everyone is “the hero of (their) own story,” they added.
Paris and Brussels: the links between the attackers Read more
Danish gunman Omar El-Hussein, who killed two people in twin attacks in Copenhagen in February last year, would not be part of the exhibit since it was unclear whether they had been willing to die for their beliefs, they said.
The 22-year-old was killed in a shootout with police hours after killing a security guard outside the city's main synagogue.
A local member of the ruling Venstre party, Diego Gugliotta, on Monday reported the event and its organisers to police for “encouraging terror”.
Portraying international terrorists as heroes could push some people to “take the last step and join a terror organisation,” they wrote on Facebook.
Malak Al Shehri seen in a photo posted on Twitter showing them in Riyadh not wearing a hijab or abaya (Twitter).
A woman in Saudi Arabia is facing calls for their execution after a photo of them appearing in public without wearing a hijab was posted on social media. According to reports, Malak Al Shehri posted the photo of themselves in the Saudi capital of Riyadh wearing a dark coat covering a floral dress, dark sunglasses — but no hijab, or abaya, a traditional body covering worn by women in Saudi Arabia. The backlash came swift and fierce with some people calling for their death and others calling for them imprisonment.
The International Business Times was able to make contact with a Twitter user who posted the photo of the Al Shehri alongside three screenshots of extreme tweets users posted in response to the photo of them without the hijab. Each tweet included a hashtag that reportedly translates to “We demand the imprisonment of the rebel Angel Al Shehri.” The name Malak in Arabic translates to “Angel.”
The woman, a student from the city of Damman who used the alias Sara Ahmed due to fears that their own life could be in danger for sharing the photo, told the IBT that Al Shehri posted the photo to their Twitter account @AngelQShe, but decided to delete the tweet and the entire account after the death threats began flooding in. “So many people retweeted it and what they did reached extremists, so they got threats. They deleted their tweets but they didn't stop, so they deleted their account,” Ahmed explained.
Directly below is a screenshot of Ahmed's tweet, captured by another user. Much of the invective came from men who were angry about the public display
A Saudi woman went out yesterday without an Abaya or a hijab in Riyadh Saudi Arabia and many Saudis are now demanding their execution. pic.twitter.com/gPMOz5bRAr — Anon (@dontcarebut) November 29, 2016
“Kill them and throw their corpse to the dogs,” one of the tweets reads. Another declares, “We want blood.”
Al Shehri received a fair amount of support on Twitter amid all of the hate-fueled threats. One Twitter user declared them a modern day Rosa Parks, another pointed out that conservatives were putting their dogma ahead of a woman's actual life and wellbeing.
En modern Rosa Parks? Snacka om att våga försöka förändra. https://t.co/sazDX07xgx — Daniel Croona (@danielcroona) November 29, 2016
https://twitter.com/__revolted/status/803600438864072704
Last year, a similar scenario played out in Iran when a popular actor, Sadaf Taherian, posted photos on Facebook and Instragram showing them in public not wearing a hijab. The backlash was so intense and some of it came from government officials who barred Taherian from working, a move that prompted them to flee the country.
The latest controversy over the compulsory hijab erupted almost simultaneously as another story out of Saudi Arabia made international headlines. A billionaire Saudi Prince issued a statement saying it's “high time” the kingdom lift its infamous ban that prohibits women from driving automobiles. Saudi Arabia is the world's only country where driving is illegal for women.
Read the full story at The Independent.
Related
Men in Iran post photos of themselves wearing hijabs in protest of strict laws governing women
Muslim women who don't wear the hijab are just as Muslim as those who do
Asra Nomani explores a hostile phenomenon they call hijab shaming
more porn videos starring kathia nobili and mandy bright
submissive girl likes to be dominated tied up girl in latex mask getting tortured by a dominant couple 71:01
bdsm babes dominated hardcore domination on some bdsm sluts. 11:12
horny brunette plays with their pussy in the yard horny brunette plays with their pussy in the yard horny brunette plays with their pussy in the yard horny brunette plays with their pussy in the yard horny brunette plays with their pussy in the yard 15:16
the bright sun showed off amanda tanned flesh to good effect the weather was great and we thought it would be great to do an outdoor scene. maria bellucci was the girl scheduled for the day and the bright sun showed off their tanned flesh to good effect, and you could see the shadows cast by their big breasts. 17:48
mandy saxo sucks and fucks simone peach puts on their favorite slutty outfit and starts playing with herself, getting all hot and bothered in the meantime. they work their fingers down to their slit, making sure that they put both fingers in to drive themselves truly crazy. 30:01
mandy's hot snatch gets dildoed mandy haze gets recorded by their boyfriend as they have their stripping down to show off their hot body before they give them a dildo to fuck themselves until they cum. 17:40
valentia and sandra double femdom mistress domination cbt femdom double femdom mistress domination. two sexy mistresses valentia and sandra, delight in making their little bondaged slave suck on their high heels and whipping them into ultimate submission while they moan and begs for more 15:06
starla lets their sissy help dominate a daughter femdom dominates a daughter with assistance from sissy husband 15:14
hot lesbian scene with mandy more and jewles west this is a hot lesbian scene with these 2 chicks licking each other and using a strapon. 29:19
check fetish hoe dominate cuckold check fetish hoe in spex dominate cuckold femdom loser 10:10
watch babe dominate femdom cuckold watch babe dominate femdom cuckold while fucking big black cock 10:10
shoe fetish babe dominate cuckold shoe fetish babe dominate cuckold while fucking black dick 10:10
latex maid mandy wird durchgefickt mandy hasst scheiss transvestitenschweine. sehr gut. ab in den mllpresswagen mit den scheiss missgeburten. fresse spritzen stiefelschlampe cumshot leder latex lack stiefel bdsm sm domina blondine black cock versaut bitch pissen 10:16
faith got with mandy nothing is as hot as watching two beautiful budding lesbians experiment with light bondage and flogging. eva zidlicka and mandy are best friends that started fucking. they wanted to give each other the best orgasms of their life and have yet to stop. in this scene, the two biffles decide to try out some new restraints and whips. 21:49
sophie fred amator strapon dominate they fuck their husband. femdom dominate strapon fetish gode ceinture slave mistress 11:45
Algeria has closed a 1,000-km stretch of its border with Libya and put troops and police there on high alert.
Algeria has closed a 1,000-km stretch of its border with Libya and put troops and police there on high alert, an independent Algerian newspaper said.
Al-Watan newspaper said that troops, police and customs officials received relevant orders late on Monday.
The Algerian Foreign Ministry said earlier that wife and three children of fugitive Libyan leader Col. Muammar Gaddafi had arrived in Algeria despite the warning issued by Western powers that countries neighboring with Libya should not give refuge to Gaddafi family members or loyalists.
The whereabouts of Col. Gaddafi, who ruled the country for 40 years, remain unknown since rebels seized control over their headquarters in the capital, Tripoli, almost a week ago.
Algeria has not yet recognized Libya's National Transitional Council (NTC) as a legitimate power in conflict-torn North African state.
Algerian authorities have repeatedly called against international interference in the domestic conflict in Libya.
Algeria fears that the instability in Libya may be used by al-Qaeda to strengthen its positions in the neighboring countries.
Algerian media have reported on several occasions that there were many criminals and members of radical Islamist groups among the Libyan rebels.
The rebels now control over 95 percent of the oil-rich country's territory.
The NTC has been recognized by more than 30 countries, including the United States.
Films in Development
Ender's Game - Movie Update
Movie Update - February 25, 2009
I have finished the latest (and best) revision of my Ender's Game screenplay, which I have turned in to Odd Lot Entertainment as the first step in their option of the film. We have assembled a team of producers who understand the story and I believe we have our best chance yet of getting a good movie made.  Orson Scott Card
Movie Update - November 14, 2008
The Warner Bros. option on Ender's Game expired on November 2nd, 2008. Ender's Game was immediately optioned by another funding and producing entity, and OSC is hard at work on polishing a draft of the screenplay. Says OSC: "I am so optimistic that I believe the actor who will play Ender has not only been born - he's already in school."
This page last updated Wednesday, February 25, 2009 at 04:29:39 PM
Jeb Bush's massive whiff The ex-Florida governor tried to assuage conservatives, but only made things much worse
Speaking at the Faith and Freedom Coalition conference in Washington this morning, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush urged the social conservatives in the audience to support comprehensive immigration reform because, "Immigrants are more fertile, and they love families, and they have more intact families, and they bring a younger population." Without immigrants, they explained, the country's population will decline and the economy will suffer.
The comments were immediately explosive, ricocheting around the blogosphere and drawing strong fire from conservatives. That was entirely predictable. Bush is partly right on the facts, but wrong on strategy. He's trying to sell immigration reform to skeptical conservatives, but instead ends up playing right into some of their biggest fears.
Advertisement:
“Immigrants create far more businesses than native-born Americans,” Bush said. “Immigrants are more fertile, and they love families, and they have more intact families, and they bring a younger population. Immigrants create an engine of economic prosperity.”
Anti-immigration reform conservatives have never trusted Bush, thanks to their long push for "amnesty," and hardliners like Rep. Steve King and radio host Laura Ingraham beat up on the former Florida governor almost daily. Bush's goal today to win over that wing was to sell the economic benefits of immigration, but people who fear immigration reform aren't really worried about the economy as a whole, they're worried about how the economy will work for them. They worry that immigrants will take jobs, drive down wages, and deprive the native-born population of its political power.
So if you're already inclined to distrust Bush, and you're already worried about immigrants taking over the country and displacing the native native-born Americans, then Bush is basically confirming all your worst fears by telling you that they think immigrants are better than you: They're better at business, they're better a having family, they're more valuable to the economy -- they're even younger.
This is terrifying to you, especially when it comes on the heels of a report showing that white deaths outpaced white births for the first time, another bad omen for the teetering white establishment.
How Bush thought this would be effective political messaging is baffling. And the fact that they did help explain why Bush has become so unpopular on the right and why he's losing the battle with their former protégé Marco Rubio to be the prohibitive frontrunner of 2016.
Youngstown health officials say defunding Planned Parenthood a bad idea Copyright by WKBN - All rights reserved Video
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio (WKBN) - The Ohio legislature has voted to cut all funding to Planned Parenthood, whose programs, according to Mahoning County's health commissioner, were integral in combating infant mortality.
Health officials in Youngstown work closely with Planned Parenthood on a program called Healthy Moms, Healthy Babies. The program sends employees to visit with African-American women from the time they are pregnant to when the child reaches 2 years old.
This group is the most at-risk for the sudden death of infants, even more so than babies in Iran, according to data published by the Mahoning Youngstown Infant Mortality Coalition.
"They are very active and very effective. They specifically target women in the most at-risk population and work with those women to help with the significant issues of housing and food and employment, really significant issues, not just their health care," said Mahoning County Health Commissioner Pat Sweeney.
The Youngstown Health Department is worried that the decision out of Columbus to not give $1.3 million in funds to Planned Parenthood could hurt their goal of lowering infant mortality rates.
"Planned Parenthood is an integral part of that, because of this program that they do, so if those funds were to go away, just imagine," said Youngstown Health Commissioner Erin Bishop.
You may not have to imagine it. Ohio Gov. John Kasich is likely to sign the bill into law, saying on Facebook, "Planned Parenthood can't and won't intimidate me. I'm proudly pro-life."
Ohio Right to Life, the state's largest anti-abortion organization, said even if the money isn't spent directly on abortion, it helps "keep the lights on" at Planned Parenthood.
One Republican lawmaker who voted for the bill says the infant mortality rate for abortions is 100 percent. Even though under Ohio law taxpayer money can't be used on abortions, they say they are against some Planned Parenthood performing them.
"The legislation is crystal clear that the money has to go to community health centers, community action agencies and any other qualified health care facilities," said Mike Gonidakis, president of Ohio Right to Life.
Local health officials say, however, that won't help the mothers who rely on Healthy Moms, Healthy Babies right now.
"It's going to be a really hard blow to the community. It really will be," Sweeney said.
Planned Parenthood is still fighting, even after Kasich made their statement. The organization is running advertisements asking Kasich to veto the bill.
In Dada Mail v10.3.0, the ability to mass mail the content of a blog's feed was added. We're going to go over the steps on how to send thtis type of message, then how to send out the mass mailing on a recurring schedule that will be sent whenever new content in the feed is available. That way, we'll be able to automatically send out new mass mailings in the future without any additional work, helping your users be updated when new blog entries are available to be viewed.
For this walk-through, I'll be using the blog of The Long Ranger (http://longranger.justinsimoni.com/), an outdoor mountain athlete.
In Dada Mail's list control panel, go to Mass Mailing: Send a Webpage. In the HTML Version tab, select the radio button, Grab content from an RSS/Atom feed. The options for this selection will be shown, and the first textbox presented is where you plug in the URL of your feed. In my case it's, http://longranger.justinsimoni.com/feed/
For the other options, I'm going to select, Use Just the Summary, (rather than, useful Content) and I'm setting, Maximum number of entries to include: to, 3.
I'm also going to add some HTML to be shown before the entries are listed,
<h1>How-do, partners,</h1> <p>Here are the latest stories I've written:</p>
and after:
<h2>See you on the trails,</h2>
Here's how that all looks,
And when I preview everything,
Perfect! I can see that the feed is being successfully fetched, and placed into my message!
I could stop here and be satisfied about sending out this single message, but let's now set it on a recurring schedule. On the top button bar, click, Save As: Schedule. A draft of the message will be saved, and the screen itself will refresh. New scheduling options will be shown at the top of the screen.
Check, Activate, and select, Recurring. I want this to send only once a week on Monday, at 6:00am, and only when there's fresh content:
If there are no new entries, no message will be sent out. If there's only one new entry, only that one entry will be sent out. That way, I won't send out content I've already sent out before. Who wants to get the same message, twice?
All I have to do now is click the, Save Schedule button – and I'm done! Here's what it all looks like when sent:
Some flourishes you may notice: the Subject, The Latest Wild Adventures Since January 2nd, 2017 is dynamic! It will change based on when the message is sent. This is accomplished by using some date-related template tags. Here's what those look like:
The Latest Wild Adventures Since <!-- tmpl_var date.named_month --> <!-- tmpl_var date.nth_day -->, <!-- tmpl_var date.year -->
I'm also using an email theme that ships with Dada Mail called, Salmon Are Running. You can switch which theme your mailing list uses in, Appearance: Email Themes. Finally, I've set an image to be shown on the top banner of my email messages. You can set your own image under, Mailing List: List Information; look for the option labeled, Logo Image URL.
Larry Weber and Yoav Eilat are product marketing managers at Amazon Web Services.
On April 24, Forrester published The Forrester Wave: Database-as-a-Service Wave, Q2 2017, in which AWS is named as a Leader, receiving the highest score for Current Offerings, Strategy, and Market Presence. There were 13 vendors in the evaluation.
According to Forrester, “AWS not only has the largest adoption of DBaaS, it also offers the widest range of offerings to support analytical, operational, and transactional workloads.” AWS was the only vendor to receive a 5.0 of 5 on in the data security criterion. Forrester notes that “AWS's key strengths lay in its dynamic scale, automated administration, flexibility of database offerings, strong security, and high-availability capabilities, which make it a preferred choice for customers.”
The Forrester report evaluated a number of AWS database services: Amazon Aurora, Amazon RDS, Amazon RDS for MySQL, Amazon RDS for PostgreSQL, Amazon RDS for MariaDB, Amazon RDS for Oracle, Amazon RDS for SQL Server, Amazon DynamoDB, Amazon Redshift and Amazon ElastiCache.
A few things especially struck us while reading the report, but one really stood out: the statement that database-as-a-service has become critical for all enterprises.
Just three to four years back, very few people were moving their databases to the public cloud. Larry remembers demoing a managed database at a conference. They asked the question, “How many of you are leveraging the cloud for your transactional data?” The four or so hands that did go up were web-based startups. They then asked the question, “For the rest of you, do you have any plans in the future to manage your production data in the cloud?” Outside of a few pondering looks, the room was silent.
Fast forward to today, and it feels like DBaaS has become the new normal. Organizations are moving workloads as fast as possible to the cloud to reap the benefits of managed services, and we feel the Forrester report validates these trends. As with other cloud services, DBaaS isn't just about saving money or moving from CapEx to OpEx. Instead, it's about enabling companies to become more agile and competitive, and to rethink the way they do business. Cloud database services are fueling the growth of new business services, especially when scalability and rapid deployment are critical.
In the report, Forrester also mentions the AWS Database Migration Service, which helps you migrate your existing databases to AWS easily and securely. The service supports homogeneous migrations such as Oracle to Oracle, and also heterogeneous migrations between different platforms such as Oracle or Microsoft SQL Server to Amazon Aurora. AWS DMS now supports over 10 source databases and over 10 target databases. We recently announced that customers have migrated over 28,000 databases using the service.
As you compare database services from different cloud providers, think about what it is you want to accomplish. Are you looking for a fully managed relational database? A fast and flexible NoSQL database service? A data warehouse? Here at AWS, the choice is always up to you. We encourage you to use the right tool for the job, as opposed to trying to solve all problems with a single database.
We're very excited that customers such as Unilever, Intuit, Infor, Cornell University, and many others give high marks to our managed database services. We're committed to developing services for you, our customers, and helping you experience database freedom. This is just the beginning.
Download a copy of Forrester's Database-as-a-Service Wave.
Part C of the popular exam, which was sat by more than 43,000 students earlier this month, asked students to analyse a newsletter written by a fictional principal who despised excessive packaging. Principal Denise Walker boasted about having four different waste bins and expressed their disgust at individual packets of tissues, little packages of rice crackers, juice boxes, tomato sauce packets, plastic water bottles and tiny plastic fish used to dispense soy sauce. "You might say that the material from which these containers are made are biodegradable or recyclable – but they still exist, are still clogging our bins and eventually our country," they wrote. "If we do not do something positive about this now, the environmental damage will be irreversible."
They also criticised the Spire Primary School community for having takeaway too often and included an ominous black-and-white photo of a large pile of trash in their newsletter. Mr Smith said the English exam was a prime example of the curriculum's emphasis of one viewpoint over another. "There are literally hundreds of highly pertinent issues that are relevant not only to our country but to the globe that could have been assessed, that could have been a far more interesting exercise rather than the constant perpetual discussion around sustainability." Over the past decade the language analysis section of the exam has asked students to analyse texts about the construction of a major attraction in a rural community to increase tourism, volunteering, space exploration, use of community land for a community garden, ebooks, declining biodiversity and the benefits of technology.
A spokesperson for the Victorian Curriculum and Assessment Authority said this section of the exam required students to analyse how argument and language were used to persuade others to share points of view. They said this year, students were presented with opposing views about strategies to reduce waste in a fictitious primary school. "They were presented with two pieces: firstly, a newsletter written by the principal, who was arguing for the reduction of 'superfluous packaging in our everyday lives' and secondly, a response from a parent stating their case for continuing to use pre-packaged food," they said. The parent said it was a "a great shame if, for a vague principle, our lives become more difficult and we can't enjoy the benefits of 21st-century living". "Students were not required to evaluate the relative merits of the arguments," the spokesperson said. They said the authority had not received any complaints about this section of the exam.
Victorian Association for the Teaching of English president Emily Frawley​ said the exam never advocated for one point of view. "The whole idea is that it is someone's agenda on sustainability and the whole point of the task is to be able to critique it," they said. They said the theme of sustainability would have been chosen for the language analysis section of the exam because it's an accessible issue that's prevalent in society. "It has to be something that is broad enough that anyone can engage with it," they said.
HAMILTON—It doesn't matter who actually shot Tim Bosma. “If you are spending your time deciding who did what (inside the truck), you are missing the point,” assistant Crown attorney Tony Leitch told the jury Thursday, in their closing arguments at the first-degree murder trial of Dellen Millard and Mark Smich.
Mark Smich, left, and Dellen Millard, right. have pleaded not guilty to first-degree murder in the death of Tim Bosma. ( TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
It is not the jury's job to determine who was holding the gun on May 6, 2013, when the Ancaster father was shot inside their pickup truck, Leitch told them. Their true task, they said, is to determine whether the evidence shows both Millard and Smich — the two men Bosma had taken for a test drive of their truck that night — had planned that murder together. During the trial of more than four months, the accused men have pointed the finger squarely at each other, each claiming they were only there to “scope out” a truck to steal — and that a murder was not planned or expected.
Article Continued Below
But Leitch argued both knew exactly what they were doing that night — and that the plan was to steal a truck, and then kill and incinerate the truck's owner. “It seems absurd to murder a man over a used truck, but that's what they did,” they said. “Killers are not always rational.” They pointed to the morning of May 7, 2013, when Millard and Smich left the air hangar where Bosma's truck had been stripped, and Bosma's body had been burned in Millard's animal cremator, and picked up Smich's girlfriend, Marlena Meneses, in Oakville. Meneses testified that both were “very happy,” and were celebrating the fact that “the mission went well.” “This tells you everything you need to know about the case,” Leitch said. “They were celebrating the plan they had accomplished — the murder and incineration of Tim Bosma.”
When the two showed up at Bosma's house for the test drive — which they had arranged using a burner cellphone — they did not cover their faces. The defence has suggested this shows they were not intending to kill, but Leitch suggested it shows exactly that: “identification was a non-issue. Dead men don't do photo lineups.”
Article Continued Below
But they hadn't expected to see Sharlene Bosma and Wayne De Boer in the driveway — which is why Smich hung back in the shadows, their face obscured by their baggy hoodie, they said. But Millard was confident, friendly, made eye contact. “That's the kind of guy they are ... he's over-confident. They think he's untouchable,” Leitch said. They'd been planning this night for more than a year, they argued. They liked to steal, and their plans were escalating. They said texts show they acquired a gun and ammunition and the incinerator as “ingredients” for their lethal plan. A week before Bosma was killed, on April 27, 2013, Millard texted Smich that they were headed to Waterloo Region: “Figure out the BBQ situation for this week.” This is a reference, Leitch says, to the animal cremator. They disputed the defence team's suggestions that this was a reference to a get-together Millard was planning at their Etobicoke home. What was needed in Waterloo Region to prepare for that? They suggested the reason Millard wanted a diesel pickup was to drive it down to the desert road race in Baja, Mexico, that May — so their deadline was approaching. “The timetable had been set,” Leitch said. All they needed was a target. Bosma was a “good man, a hardworking man,” Leitch said. “He did nothing to deserve the ending of their life.” Leitch spent the morning debunking doubts raised by defence lawyers over the last two days of final arguments. Millard's lawyers had questioned why, if they wanted a truck so badly, they would murder someone inside it — essentially destroying it. Leitch agreed, “only idiots” would do so, and the plan had indeed been to kill them outside the truck — but something went wrong. They said if Bosma had been shot outside the truck, the cleanup would have been quick. “It was supposed to be a three-hour job,” Leitch said. Instead, it was an “all-nighter,” as Millard put it in a text message to their girlfriend, Christina Noudga, late that night. Leitch disputed Millard's lawyers' theory that Bosma was killed in a struggle after Smich pulled the gun. Leitch said Bosma would never have fought these guys — they had “everything to live for.” Leitch argued that the evidence clearly shows Millard and Smich working together to destroy the evidence; neither acted like they were afraid of the other, as they claim. “They were in it together, all the way,” Leitch said. The stories the co-accused have presented at trial — Smich on the stand, and Millard through their lawyers — are “fanciful theories” and “stories,” Leitch said. They pointed to the dozens of letters Millard sent Noudga from jail, in which Millard is explicitly attempting to tamper with witnesses and encourage perjury. This was a “carefully executed plan” by them both, Leitch stressed. “Fortunately for justice in our community, they made mistakes. And they were caught by an outstanding police investigation.” As they finished their submissions, Leitch reminded the jury that “Tim was kind.” “As you retire to consider your verdict, don't forget about Tim,” they said. Jury members have been excused until next Friday, when they will return for the first day of the judge's charge.
Read more about:
MONTREAL - Montreal Impact U16 defender Mouhamed Touré has been invited by the U16 Canadian National Team as part of the 18-man team that will take part in the 42nd edition of the Montaigu Tournament in France, from April 11 to 22.
Touré played 13 games, 11 starts, with the Impact U16 team this season in USSDA, helping their side to a 9-5-2 record while currently holding down a playoff spot.
The team will get two training days in before their first game of the competition against France in Group A action on Tuesday, April 15 with their other group stage games against Turkey and Ivory Coast on April 17 and 19. Semi-final matches take place on Sunday, April 20 with the final matches coming the next day.
Head Coach Sean Fleming will be building the talent pool at their disposal, working towards getting Canada's Men's U-17 Team back for their third consecutive FIFA U-17 World Cup appearance in 2015.
U16 Canada Roster
GK- Daniel Buckley | CAN / North Mississauga Soccer Club
GK- Matthew Nogueira | POR / SL Benfica
D- Matthew Baldisimo | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC Residency
D- Gabriel Boakye | CAN / Toronto FC Academy
D- Kadin Chung | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC Residency
D- Andrew Dias | CAN / North Toronto Soccer
D- Mouhamed Touré | CAN / Académie Impact de Montréal
M- Duwayne Ewart | CAN / North Scarborough Soccer Club
M- Thomas Gardner | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC Residency
M- Liam Miller | ENG / Fulham FC
M- Mykola Nechyporuk | CAN / North Toronto Soccer Club
M- Reshon Phillip | CAN / North Mississauga Soccer Club
M- Munir Saleh | CAN / Kitchener Soccer Club
M- Anthony Sousa | CAN / North Toronto Nitros
M- Marcel Zajac | CAN / Sigma FC
F- Donavon Anderson | CAN / Brampton Football Club
F- Terran Campbell | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC Residency
F- Ndzemdzela Langwa | CAN / Ottawa South United
"The first tranche, which will be submitted to parliament during the autumn session, will reach 870 million francs ($1.1 billion)," it said in a statement.
"Priority will be given to preserving jobs and the long-term attractiveness of the Swiss economy," it said.
The Swiss franc, considered a safe haven currency, has been rising throughout the year as investors flee economic turmoil abroad but its strength undercuts local exporters who have been hard hit.
At its peak earlier in August, it was up around 20 percent against the euro and 25 percent against the dollar compared to 2009.
The Swiss National Bank intervened three times during the month by flooding the market with liquidity to stem the currency's rise.
Shortly after the government's announcement on Wednesday, the value of the franc rose to 1.1612 francs per euro at 13:35 GMT, up 1.96 percent on the day.
Some 500 million francs of the first tranche, will go to the unemployment insurance fund, "to prepare for any eventual rise in unemployment" -- which stood at 2.8 percent in July.
Another 212.5 million francs will be allocated to "knowledge and technology transfer" projects, mainly to beef up existing research institutions and funds.
Some 100 million francs will be provided to the hotel sector, which has been particularly hit by the currency's rise.
Details of the second tranche will be submitted to parliament in time for its winter session, and will focus on research, infrastructure and education, and will not exceed one billion francs, the government added.
Over the Labor Day weekend, Resident Assistants at the University of Massachusetts purportedly released an announcement stating that “crude” references to the deceased gorilla Harambe will be considered racist attacks against African Americans.
In the statement, which was leaked to Twitter Monday, Resident Assistants calling themselves Ryan and Colleen inform students that “any negative remarks regarding ‘Harambe' will be seen as a direct attack to our campus's African-American community,” and warn them to “be careful of what gets written on your whiteboards, as well as what you write on them.”
“Be careful of what gets written on your whiteboards, as well as what you write on them.”
Jarod Sasdi, the UMass student who posted the announcement to Twitter, jokingly tweeted, “My RA killed Harambe #RIPInPeace.”
[RELATED: UCSB White Student Union to self-flagellate for Harambe]
In an interview with Campus Reform, Sasdi said they thought the RAs' announcement was funny, but didn't think it'd catch on the way it did.
When Sasdi was asked if this would stop students on their hall from making Harambe references, they replied, “absolutely not, we will stand by our friend no matter the consequences,” adding, “I think their [the RAs'] lack of knowledge of Harambe may have clouded their judgement.”
Sasdi also noted that they do not think the “murder of a gorilla” is a joke, and that their floor was simply trying to pay their proper condolences to Harambe.
UMass has an African Heritage Student Community called “ Harambee,” which is a Swahili word for “pulling together.” According to the UMass website, the Harambee community is “designed to support students who are of African descent, identify within the African Diaspora, and/or wish to learn more about African culture and celebrate different African Diaspora cultures.”
Given the presence of this on-campus ethnic community, the UMass RA's argue that any joking or negative reference to Harambe the gorilla could be seen as an attack by members of the Harambee community, and request that residents report whomever is writing Harambe messages to student administrators.
Moreover, the letter mentions that “phrases/hashtags which [sic] encourage the exposition of body parts” could be grounds for a Title IX investigation for sexual harassment, an oblique reference to a crude, satirical slogan often used to mock the outcry that arose when the gorilla was shot in its enclosure in the Cincinnati Zoo to protect a child that had wandered in.
“Watch out for any of these phrases,” the letter concludes. “We need to be sure to respect all UMass community members.”
Follow Campus Reform on Twitter: @CampusReform
The National Iranian Oil Company (NIOC) has begun negotiating a long-term agreement to sell crude to the Philippines, according to a statement from the firm.
Read more
“The National Iranian Oil Company is in talks with the Philippines' National Oil Company (PNOC) to export four million barrels per month,” the statement said.
PNOC, a member of a consortium of international companies, has already signed a non-disclosure agreement with the National Iranian South Oil Company (NISOC) for studies into two oilfields in Iran. The group, known as Pergas, comprises eleven European, Canadian and Asian corporations in addition to the Sharif University of Technology.
“Based on the deal, the consortium will have six months to hand over the result of the studies on the fields to the NISOC. Pergas may submit its proposal for the development of the fields sooner if it is ready,” Iran's Press TV reported.
PNOC has bought Iranian crude before and is currently considering resuming purchases, according to the company's CEO Pedro Aquino.
“The Philippines will play a constructive role in the future contract in view of Iran's strategy to build up its oil export figures,” they said.
Philippines Reviews Oil-Supply Deal With Iran: — DA MARKET SECURITIES (@itradeph) January 9, 2017
Apart from importing the oil, the Philippines aims to invest in Iran's energy sector.
“We are also interested in investing in Iran's liquefied gas sector to future supplement our country's energy needs. By joining Pergas, we seek investment in Iran's upstream sector and long-term crude purchase,” Aquino said.
Germany tells Iran it will push US to ‘dismantle sanctions' https://t.co/AwlLdqfX9E#WakeUpAmerica VOTE #Trump SECURITY BORDERS JOBS — Cheryl Lewis (@cheryll64056) October 4, 2016
The Islamic Republic managed to win an exemption from OPEC's production cuts agreed on last November, and has risen output slightly.
According to data from the cartel, Iran exports over 500,000 barrels per day of refined products to Asian markets.
READ MORE: Iran's sinking rial despite record oil output
The 2015 deal between Iran and six major powers lifted the decades-long sanctions imposed on the Islamic Republic. Since then, the country has been ramping up crude production to restore much of its lost market share.
I will be making a few more posts on this as I test and fix issues. If you find issues, please tell me about them. By this, I mean when an onscreen option doesn't work or there is a placeholder image here and there. I will add the rest of the audio and video in the final version, I am not putting it there now because it'll just increase the filesize and cause me a pain in the ass.
Here are the issues (chapter-section) that were fixed in this version:
2-10 – missing text
2-11 – missing text
2-14 – missing text
2-16 – missing text
3-1 – missing text
7-1 (filename typo after Kaufmann choice fixed)
-buttons from html choices replaced (however, these will be phased out as I put the rest of it into flash)
Some of the Cybil stuff is still plain html (no flash) so I will be upgrading that a bit in the future, but for now, I am mostly concerned about all the text being there and all the branches working.
The game is at http://alchemillahospital.net/playnovel/online-shpn/
ETA: Downloadable BETA version 0.2 is here:
http://www.alchemillahospital.net/dl/shpnenglishbeta.zip EXE in a ZIP file, 43 Mb. REMOVED FOR NOW because it was not creating the shortcut right, so people were having trouble finding the file to open. I will fix this shortly.
^ This zip file has the same name as the previous one, but the file inside it has a different name.
It's been one week since President Donald Trump issued what has surely become the most controversial action of their presidency thus far: their executive action temporarily banning travel to the U.S. by people in seven countries in the Middle East.
The The order bars people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen from traveling to the U.S. for 90 days, raising serious questions from some on the Left as to whether the action is even constitutional. Already, more than a half-dozen lawsuits have been filed in opposition to the order, including challenges by the ACLU and the Council on American-Islamic Relations, CNN reported
But the question of whether any of these legal challenges can hold any water in a federal courtroom remains to be seen.
“What we have here is a situation where it's very clear the president has been given authority when the standard [of] the national interest would be adversely affected,” William Stock, president of the American Immigration Lawyers Association, told TheBlaze during an interview Friday.
“We've allocated to the president the ability on short notice to suspend visas if it's an emergency,” Stock added, referring to the “We've allocated to the president the ability on short notice to suspend visas if it's an emergency,” Stock added, referring to the Alien and Sedition Acts of 1798 , which grants the president the authority to suspend visas from immigrants of certain countries when the U.S. is at war with those countries.
“On the other hand,” Stock added, “we have a First Amendment principle, which says that Congress and the president cannot favor one religion over another. Those two constitutional principles are colliding with each other at the moment.”
Stock said the question now becomes which of these two constitutional principles will be given more importance.
The statutory provision Trump cited as the legal basis for their order ( The statutory provision Trump cited as the legal basis for their order ( 8 U.S. Code § 1182 ) requires the president to give a reason for suspending visas. Such reasons can include anything from individuals having spreadable diseases to them posing a risk to the American public's safety.
Similar actions have been taken by previous presidents. Similar actions have been taken by previous presidents. The Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882 , signed into law by President Chester Arthur, banned Chinese laborers from immigrating to the U.S. amid concerns of unemployment, particularly on the West Coast. Then, in 1924, President Calvin Coolidge signed the Johnson-Reed Act , which limited the number of immigrants coming to the U.S. while completely barring Asian immigrants.
Trump's order is similar in that it bars immigrants from certain countries for the stated reason of national security. But according to Stock, the effort becomes complicated in part because of which nations are not included. The order Trump's order is similar in that it bars immigrants from certain countries for the stated reason of national security. But according to Stock, the effort becomes complicated in part because of which nations are not included. The order does not include any of the four countries from which the 9/11 hijackers originated: Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates or Lebanon.
Further, Stock said the courts will likely consider the recent statements made by members of Trump's inner circle. They pointed to one comment, specifically, by former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who said on Fox News last weekend that Trump asked them for advice on what Trump first announced in December 2015 as a “ Further, Stock said the courts will likely consider the recent statements made by members of Trump's inner circle. They pointed to one comment, specifically, by former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani, who said on Fox News last weekend that Trump asked them for advice on what Trump first announced in December 2015 as a “ total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States .”
“I'll tell you the whole history of it: When they first announced it, they said ‘Muslim ban,'” Giuliani said, “I'll tell you the whole history of it: When they first announced it, they said ‘Muslim ban,'” Giuliani said, the Hill reported
“He called me up, they said, ‘Put a commission together, show me the right way to do it legally,” Giuliani added.
Stock said comments like these are sure to be taken into account.
“There's a lot of law behind how a court will look behind the language of a particular statute…to say, ‘well, wait a second, what's really going on here,'” Stock said. “When you have a president who comes out and says, ‘I'm going to throw this in the face of the courts,' that ‘I get to do whatever I want,' that's a recipe for having the courts take a serious second look at the constitutional principle that the president is trying to use.”
But Hans van Spakovsky, an immigration law expert at the conservative Heritage Foundation, told TheBlaze during an interview Friday that Stock is just “blowing smoke.” Van Spakovsky said Congress has given the president of the United States “very broad discretion” when it comes to immigration.
Van Spakovsky pointed to the statute Trump cited in their executive order, which states, in part:
Whenever the President finds that the entry of any aliens or of any class of aliens into the United States would be detrimental to the interests of the United States, they may by proclamation, and for such period as they shall deem necessary, suspend the entry of all aliens or any class of aliens as immigrants or nonimmigrants, or impose on the entry of aliens any restrictions they may deem to be appropriate.
“There's no constitutional issue here. There's not even a federal statutory issue,” Van Spakovsky said. “There's just no way anybody could question that because they've got 100 percent authority over immigration. And they [Congress] gave to the president, they delegated the ability to suspend the entry of any alien into the country and that executive order falls fully within that statute.”
As for the order not including majority Muslim countries such as the UAE, Van Spakovsky pointed out the governments in those countries are able to work with the U.S. to thoroughly vet immigrants applying for American visas. That's not the case with the countries included in Trump's order.
“This doesn't go after all the countries in the world from where terrorists have sprung. It goes after the seven worst countries in the Middle East, all of which are failed or failing countries,” Van Spakovsky explained.
At this point, it's unclear as to how far up in the court system the several challenges to Trump's executive order might go. But even if one or all of them find their way to the U.S. Supreme Court, Van Spakovsky seemed confident that Trump's order would withstand the justices' scrutiny.
“I think the Supreme Court would easily uphold the legality and constitutionality of this executive order,” they said, adding that the only way liberal justices on the nation's highest court wouldn't side with the conservative justices “is if they totally ignore the Constitution and the law.”
“Hopefully, that wouldn't happen,” Van Spakovsky said.
Leilani, now 14, has sat out the Pledge of Allegiance since the second grade.
"Most of my teachers, they respected my decision and my right and belief. So they never said anything about it," they told CNN during a phone interview Friday. "I think the pledge is a lie to me and it's a lie to my people."
Leilani and their family are part of the Elem Indian Colony -- a Native American tribe in Northern California, where they attend Lower Lake High School as a first-year student.
During the first week of September, Leilani sat during the flag salute, as they normally do. But this time, their homeroom teacher would not have it. They told Leilani and another Native American student who was also sitting, that they were "making bad choices."
"She told us that we didn't have a choice not to stand up for the pledge," Leilani said. "We told them we have the right to do so. And then they told us that we only have child's rights."
"I was dumbfounded," Leilani said. "She pretty much told us that they could control us. They were forcing everyone in the class to stand up."
A few days later, Leilani recalled, the teacher met with them privately.
"She decided to lower my grade for my lack of participation, supposedly for not standing up for the pledge," said Leilani.
Konocti Unified School District Superintendent Donna Becnel, confirmed Thomas's participation grade was lowered from a 5 to a 3. The other student's grade was also lowered. But Becnel explained that it was a student's right to sit during the Pledge of Allegiance.
"The issue is that they suffered a consequence because they didn't stand," Becnel told CNN. "That is the part about free speech that was not supposed to happen. It is a violation of the student's free speech right to require any student to stand as long as it is not disrupting the learning environment."
Becnel did not identify the teacher involved in the incident, citing confidentiality clauses. CNN requested to interview the teacher for this story but did not receive a response.
"Any consequence or issue with the teacher (is) considered a personnel matter and (is) confidential," Becnel said.
Leilani recorded their exchange with the teacher and shared it with CNN. The conversation appears to start before the recording and go on after the recording ends. Parts of the audio were unintelligible. Becnel said they could not authenticate the recording but that they would not contest it.
During the audio clip, the teacher is heard saying, "Your participation was low because you are sitting."
The teacher goes on, "If you really, really have an argument and feel so strongly about that, then I need to see it written out — your argument — in an essay form. Why? Why, because here's the real thing: those people, they're not alive anymore. Your ancestors, my ancestors. They did a lot of things, I'm not going to argue with you. This is about us now and our future. Trying to be the best we can be, that is really what it's about. It's not about ... you know what I mean? But if you can make a good argument (unintelligible) we'll fix this. I really need a good argument."
Leilani tells the teacher, "I mean, why? There is really no point in putting it into words."
The teacher responds, "It is, because then I know, you've done your research. And then I know that you actually know. (unintelligible) I need you to look at that. The Constitution is not a (unintelligible) document, we are striving to do that. Because what we did before is wrong. "
When Leilani's father, Gary Thomas, heard the recording they were outraged.
"I blew up, to be perfectly honest," Thomas told CNN. "They think that we are extinct. That we are dinosaurs. They think that we are not here, that we don't exist. They should be a lot more sensitive about the district and the place they are teaching in, the children that they are teaching."
Thomas said Leilani has grown up with a deep awareness of Native American history in the United States, even its most violent and bloody chapters.
"I am very knowledgeable of our local history, through the Spanish occupation, when we got the name of the state and when we were traded to America like goods," they said, "So to stand for a flag that has treated my people in that manner, that is a lot more disrespectful than standing for that view."
Thomas was to join the North Dakota's Standing Rock Sioux Tribe in their fight against the Dakota Access Pipeline when Leilani told them about the situation with the pledge and their grades. They decided to stay and stand by their daughter instead.
But even 1,500 miles away from North Dakota, Leilani says they will find a way to make their voice heard in support of Standing Rock.
"As they say 'justice for all'-- we think that is a lie. What they did to my people not long ago? And not so long ago. They still do it today for example with Standing Rock in North Dakota. I want people to realize what has happened and is still happening to the native people to this day. I have my rights to do so," they said.
Both students involved in the incident were moved to other classrooms, where a new teacher will be responsible for their grades, Becnel said.
Asked how they would describe Leilani, Becnel said they are anything but average.
"She is confident, they are articulate, they are well-spoken, they play in the band," Becnel said. "She is definitely not a trouble-maker."
Leilani, whose Native American name means heavenly flower, says they plan to continue to sit during the Pledge of Allegiance. This, they said, is their stand.
"Someone is standing up, or in this case sitting down, for people who have done a lot of things in the past or the present," they said. "I just hope that they (her teacher) understands why I'm doing it. I don't need to write an essay for her."
Clark introduces bill to ensure President-elect addresses conflicts of interest
Washington, D.C. -- Congresswoman Katherine Clark has introduced legislation to ensure that U.S. Presidents are required to resolve any conflicts of interest with regard to financial interests and official responsibilities. Current law prohibits federal office holders from engaging in government business when they stand to gain profit. The President and Vice President are currently exempt from this statute. Clark's Presidential Accountability Act removes this exemption and requires the President and Vice President to place their assets in a certified blind trust or disclose to the Office of Government Ethics and the public when they make a decision that affects their personal finances. This issue has been elevated to greater importance as concerns of conflicts of interest have surfaced in the first week of the President-elect's transition period. From the Trump Organization's federal contract to operate the President-elect's hotel in the Old Post Office Pavilion in Washington, D.C. to the scale of their debt to foreign banks, the President-elect's business interests present an unprecedented level of conflict. Trump has also appointed their children to serve in leadership positions on both the President-elect's transition team and their businesses. Clark's Presidential Accountability Act prohibits the President from engaging in government responsibilities from which they or their families can benefit financially.
“The President of the United States has the power to affect how our tax dollars are spent, who the federal government does business with, and the integrity of America's standing in a global economy,” said Clark. “Every recent president in modern history has taken steps to ensure their financial interests do not conflict with the needs of the American people. The American people need to be able to trust that the President's decisions are based on the best interests of families at home, and not the President's financial interests.”
Previous American presidents including Lyndon Johnson, Jimmy Carter, Ronald Reagan, George H.W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George W. Bush and Barack Obama have all used some form of blind trust or placed their assets in an investment vehicle over which they had no control.
Full text of H.R. 6340 can be found here .
###
This article is about the image transmission mode. For the radio station, see Radiofax (radio station).
A marine radio fax news from Tokyo Radio JJC Station received using MIXW with a SSB HF communication receiver.
Radiofax, also known as weatherfax (portmanteau word from the words "weather facsimile") and HF fax (due to its common use on shortwave radio), is an analogue mode for transmitting monochrome images. It was the predecessor to slow-scan television (SSTV). Prior to the advent of the commercial telephone line "fax" machine, it was known, more traditionally, by the term "radiofacsimile". The cover of the regular NOAA publication on frequencies and schedules states "Worldwide Marine Radiofacsimile Broadcast Schedules".
Facsimile machines were used in the 1950s to transmit weather charts across the United States via land-lines first and then internationally via HF radio. Radio transmission of weather charts provides an enormous amount of flexibility to marine and aviation users for they now have the latest weather information and forecasts at their fingertips to use in the planning of voyages.
Radiofax relies on facsimile technology where printed information is scanned line by line and encoded into an electrical signal which can then be transmitted via physical line or radio waves to remote locations. Since the amount of information transmitted per unit time is directly proportional to the bandwidth available, then the speed at which a weather chart can be transmitted will vary depending on the quality of the media used for transmission.
Today radiofax data is available via FTP downloads from sites in the Internet such as the ones hosted by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). Radiofax transmissions are also broadcast by NOAA from multiple sites in the country at regular daily schedules. Radio weatherfax transmissions are particularly useful to shipping, where there are limited facilities for accessing the Internet.
The term weatherfax was coined after the technology that allows the transmission and reception of weather charts (surface analysis, forecasts, and others) from a transmission site (usually the meteorological office) to a remote site (where the actual users are).
Transmission details [ edit ]
Radiofax is transmitted in single sideband which is a refinement of amplitude modulation. The signal shifts up or down a given amount to designate white or black pixels. A deviation less than that for a white or black pixel is taken to be a shade of grey. With correct tuning (1.9 kHz below the assigned frequency for USB, above for LSB), the signal shares some characteristics with SSTV, with black at 1500 Hz and peak white at 2300 Hz.
Usually, 120 lines per minute (LPM) are sent (For monochrome fax, possible values are: 60, 90, 100, 120, 180, 240. For colour fax, LPM can be: 120, 240[1]). A value known as the index of cooperation (IOC) must also be known to decode a radio fax transmission - this governs the image resolution, and derives from early radio fax machines which used drum readers, and is the product of the total line length and the number of lines per unit length (known sometimes as the factor of cooperation), divided by π. Usually the IOC is 576.
Automatic Picture Transmission format (APT) [ edit ]
APT format permits unattended monitoring of services. It is employed by most terrestrial weather facsimile stations as well as geostationary weather satellites.
The start tone triggers the receiving system. It was originally meant to allow enough time for the drum of mechanical systems to get up to speed. It consists of rapid modulation of the video carrier, resulting in a characteristic rasp-like sound.
The phasing signal, consisting of a periodic pulse, synchronizes the receiver so that the image will be centered on the paper.
The stop tone, optionally followed by black, marks the end of the transmission.
Signal Duration IOC576 IOC288 Remarks Start tone 5s 300 Hz 675 Hz 200 Hz for colour fax modes. Phasing signal 30s Black line interrupted by a white pulse. Image Variable 1200 lines 600 lines At 120 lpm. Stop tone 5s 450 Hz 450 Hz Black 10s
Stations [ edit ]
Today, radiofax is primarily used worldwide for the dissemination of weather charts, satellite weather images, and forecasts to ships at sea. The oceans are covered by coastal stations in various countries.
In the United States, fax weather products are prepared by a number of offices, branches, and agencies within the National Weather Service (NWS) of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA).
Tropical and hurricane products come from the Tropical Analysis and Forecast Branch, part of the Tropical Prediction Center/National Hurricane Center. They are broadcast over US Coast Guard communication stations NMG, in New Orleans, LA, and NMC, the Pacific master station on Point Reyes, CA. After Hurricane Katrina damaged NMG, the Boston Coast Guard station NMF added a limited schedule of tropical warning charts. NMG is back at full capability, but NMF continues to broadcast these.
All other products come from the Ocean Prediction Center (OPC) of the NWS, in cooperation with several other offices depending on the region and nature of information. These also use NMG, NMC, and NMF, plus Coast Guard station NOJ in Kodiak, Alaska, and Department of Defense station KVM70 in Hawaii.
Ever since the RMS Titanic dramatized the dangers of icebergs in the North Atlantic, an International Ice Patrol has also originated weather data, and its charts are broadcast by the Boston station during the prime iceberg season of February through September, using the callsign NIK.
A major producer of Canadian radiofax is the Canadian Forces METOC (Meteorology and Oceanography Centre) in Halifax, NS, using the communication station CFH. Charts are sent on the hour, then the station switches to radioteletype (RTTY) for the rest of the period.
CBV, Playa Ancha Radio in Valparaiso, Chile broadcasts a daily schedule of Armada de Chile weather fax for the southeastern Pacific, all the way to the Antarctic. Also in the Pacific, Japan has two stations, as does the Bureau of Meteorology in Australia. Most European countries have stations, as does Russia.
Kyodo News is the only remaining news agency to transmit news via radiofax. It broadcasts complete newspapers in Japanese and English, often at 60 lines per minute instead of the more normal 120 because of the greater complexity of written Japanese. A full day's news takes hours to transmit. Kyodo has a dedicated transmission to Pacific fishing fleets from Kagoshima Prefectural Fishery Radio, and a relay from 9VF, possibly still in Singapore.
The German Meteorological Service (Deutscher Wetterdienst, DWD) transmits a regular daily schedule of weather charts on three frequencies 3855.0 kHz, 7880.0 kHz and 13882.5 kHz from their LF and HF transmitting facility in Pinneberg.
History [ edit ]
Children read a wirelessly-transmitted newspaper in 1938.
1911: The first amplitude modulator for fax machines is patented, permitting transmission via telephone lines.
1913: Edouard Belin's Belinograph
1922: The first transatlantic facsimile services was provided by RCA.
1922–1925: RCA faxes photos across the Atlantic in six minutes; AT&T, RCA and Western Union develop "high-speed" fax systems. Dr Arthur Korn's facsimile system is used to transmit, by radio, a photograph of Pope Pius XI from Rome to Maine, USA. The picture is published the same day in the New York World newspaper—a major feat in an era when news pictures crossed the ocean by ship.
1925: AT&T wirephoto starts operations
1926: RCA radiophoto starts operations
1926: Rudolf Hell introduced the Hellschreiber.
1927: first Siemens-Karolus-Telefunken facsimile between Berlin and other European cities
1937: first broadcast of a radiofax newspaper, in the Minneapolis/St-Paul area [2]
1939: W9XZY St. Louis delivers First Daily Newspaper by Radio Facsimile. More than 1,000 U.S. households are experimentally equipped with fax receivers that electronically print morning newspapers overnight. [3]
1941: Fax is enlisted by the military to transmit maps, orders and weather charts during World War II.
1947: Alexander Muirhead's fax
1948: Western Union installs fax machines in "Telecar" telegram delivery vehicles. [4]
1960: First SSTV test transmissions in the USA
1972: First SSTV transmissions in Germany
See also [ edit ]
ALBANY, NY—Covering their ears as the thunderous sound violently shook buildings and shattered glass windows, New York residents reportedly cowered in shock and fear Tuesday night as Hillary Clinton's primary election victory speech reverberated across the entire state. “Thank you all so much—today, you proved once again there's no place like home,” said the Democratic presidential candidate, as their deafening address, which seemed to come from all sides at once, boomed across the landscape, setting off car alarms and forcing drivers to pull over to the side of the road in all 62 New York counties. “The race for the nomination is in the home stretch, and victory is in sight. You have carried us every step of the way with passion and determination. I am grateful to every one of you.” At press time, sources in the upcoming primary states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Rhode Island, and Pennsylvania reported witnessing ripples in their water glasses as the opening line of Clinton's stump speech swelled in the distance.
Advertisement
VICTORIA, Texas - A Victoria police officer who used a Taser on a 76-year-old man has been fired after an investigation.
We first told you about the story and the dash cam video back in December. The video shows Officer Nathanial Robinson, of the Victoria Police Department, arresting Pete Vasquez on Dec. 11 for displaying an expired inspection sticker. But in the process, Robinson suddenly throws Vasquez onto the hood of their police car, then tackles the elderly man to the ground and shoots them with a Taser gun twice.
Vasquez was taken to the hospital, where they were released after a medical evaluation.
Victoria Police Chief Jeff Craig placed Robinson on administrative leave and ordered two separate investigations: a criminal investigation conducted by the Texas Rangers and an internal administrative investigation conducted by the Victoria Police Department's Internal Affairs Division.
On Monday, Craig announced the outcome of the internal investigation, saying Robinson had violated the department's conduct policy, use of force policy and arrest without a warrant policy.
Craig said Robinson was terminated.
"This is a very unfortunate incident for everyone involved. The Victoria Police Department places a high value in public trust. The men and women of the Victoria Police Department work hard each and every day to provide professional service with pride and respect to the community," said Craig.
Vasquez's attorney Rachel Messer told us they want justice for Vasquez, and they are hoping the Texas Rangers will file criminal charges against the officer.
"Mr. Vasquez and their family agree with the conclusions of the Victoria Police Department's internal investigation," Messer said. "We are also still hopeful for full prosecution."
The Texas Rangers' criminal investigation has been forwarded to the Victoria District Attorney's Office for review.
Copyright 2014 by Click2Houston.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
In an interview with Charlie Rose of CBS News, the presumptive Democratic nominee is grilled about the FBI investigation into their use of a private e-mail server as secretary of state.
Clinton admitted that they made a mistake with the use of a private server, however they said it was wrong "because look at what it has generated."
When Rose brought up that you can't rule out that their e-mails may have been hacked Clinton responded, "you can't rule it in either."
"Some say, what were you thinking about the national security risk when you made this decision?" Rose asked. "Because of the capacity, and it hasn't been determined that there was no hacking."
"Well, there's no evidence of it," Clinton responded.
"Some would suggest that's the reason that they were very good at it because there's no evidence of it," Rose said.
"Charlie, there's no evidence of that," Clinton repeated.
"Comey, the director of the FBI, said we don't know," Rose said.
"You can't rule it out," Rose added.
"Well, you can't rule it in either," Clinton retorted. "There is no evidence. So we can go back and forth on this. I go where the evidence leads and there is no evidence."
Clinton assured viewers that after an incident like this, she's the "last person" you'll have to worry about not being 100% honest.
"Well I'm sure it didn't help," Clinton said about the server affecting their trustworthiness. "Yes, I'm sure it didn't help. But I'll tell you this, I'm the last person you'll ever have to worry about, ever, not being 100% as specific and precise as I can be so that nobody ever raises any questions like that ever again."
"You know what is so brilliant is that many people say there's a disconnect about what you see about Hillary Clinton in private and what they present in a speech. I think in your interview we saw really what she's like," said CBS This Morning co-host Norah O'Donnell, reacting to the interview.
"It was a good give and taken," co-host Gayle King chimed in.
"But it's honest and therefore increases their credibility," Rose said about their interview.
Transcript of the exchange:
CHARLIE ROSE, CBS NEWS: Do you think the e-mail crisis contributed to the question of trust?
HILLARY CLINTON: Well, I have said that I am very sorry about it, that I made a mistake. It was certainly not a choice I would do again.
ROSE: I want to hear you out on this. You've said, 'I'm sorry, I made a mistake.'
CLINTON: That's right, that's right.
ROSE: It was the wrong thing to do.
CLINTON: That's right, I have said that.
ROSE: And some say, what were you thinking about the national security risk when you made this decision. Because of the capacity, and it hasn't been determined that there was no hacking?
CLINTON: Well, there's no evidence of it.
ROSE: There's no evidence.
CLINTON: There's no evidence of it.
ROSE: But some would suggest that's the reason that they were very good at it because there's no evidence of it.
CLINTON: Charlie, there is no evidence of that.
ROSE: Comey, the director of the FBI, said but we don't know.
CLINTON: No, that's not what they said.
ROSE: What did they say?
CLINTON: They said --
ROSE: You can't rule it out, they said.
CLINTON: Well, you can't rule it in either. There is no evidence. So we can go back and forth on this. I go where the evidence leads and there is no evidence.
ROSE: Let me go to what they said, they said is careless.
CLINTON: Well, I would hope that you like many others would look what they said when they testified before Congress because when they did, they clarified much of what they had said in their press conference. And I appreciated that.
ROSE: But they said it was sloppy.
CLINTON: No, they did not.
ROSE: Real sloppiness is what they said.
CLINTON: No.
ROSE: What did they say -- correct me if i'm wrong, somebody said what's the definition, they said real sloppiness.
CLINTON: Let me say this, there was three -- probably at least 300 people on those e-mails. The vast majority of whom are experienced professionals in handling sensitive material. And I have no reason to have second guessed their decision to send or forward me information. Do I wish I hadn't done it? Of course. Was it a mistake? Yes.
ROSE: Was it wrong?
CLINTON: Well, it was wrong, because look at what it has generated.
ROSE: But was it careless?
CLINTON: Well, I think you would have to say 300 people who communicated with me on e-mail are among the most careful people I've ever had the privilege of working with.
ROSE: Do you think it contributed and became a controversy because it fed the trust issue?
CLINTON: Well I'm sure it didn't help. Yes, I'm sure it didn't help. But I'll tell you this, I'm the last person you'll ever have to worry about, ever, not being 100% as specific and precise as I can be so that nobody ever raises any questions like that ever again.
Let us begin with a small quiz: More than a hundred Indian athletes participated in the Rio Olympics 2016. How many names do we remember?
Ten, perhaps, including the badminton players, wrestlers and Dipa Karmakar's. Twenty more, maybe, if you are a keen follower of other sports and Indian hockey.
India finished 67th on the medal tally, winning a silver and a bronze medal. A handful of athletes fought till the very end for a podium finish. But, except for a few individuals, the rest of the Indian contingent just made up the numbers. One medal for every 60 athletes and just two for a country with around 1.3 billion people is a huge shame.
Yes, it is important to contest. But participation for participation's sake has never been the Olympic motto. It clearly states: faster, higher, stronger.
On that count, India's performance was miserable. Every four years the Indian contingent goes to the Olympics only to erase the gains it made in the previous years, to destroy its own legacy.
Faster? Really?
In 1960, Milkha Singh became the first Indian to come close to an Olympic medal. At Rome, they missed the bronze only by a whisker. How many Indian men have since reached the finals of an individual track event?
Twenty four years ago – and the Indian story at Olympics actually looks like some mathematical sequence – PT Usha entered the finals of the 400m hurdles at the Los Angeles Olympics. Like the 'Flying Sikh', the 'Payyoli Express' too missed out on a medal by a nano-second.
How many Indian women have since come close to a medal in a track event? This year, Lalita Babar became the first Indian athlete to run in a track final after 30 years. But they barely managed to figure in the top ten, coming in several hundred yards behind the eventual winner.
Stronger?
Yogeshwar Dutt, the 2012 medallist, got knocked out in the first round. Most of the boxers surrendered tamely, erasing memories of Vijendra Singh and Mary Kom's bravura performances in the last Olympics.
In every sport, the same story was repeated. Shooting, wrestling and boxing used to be India's joy and hope till a few years ago. This year, except for Abhinav Bindra, the boxers and shooters performed way below expectations.
To understand the Indian story, archery could be the perfect case study. Every four years, Deepika Kumari, Bombayala Devi and the rest of the squad go to the Games as medal favourites. In the end, they get knocked out before the semi-finals, blaming the wind speed or their equipment.
The point is, we are not faster, stronger or higher. Except for a few individuals, the Indian contingent at Olympics sticks to the story that began before Independence: Go, participate, lose, return, disappear into anonymity.
In the past, since the decline of hockey, medals at the Olympics have come because of a handful of committed, talented athletes. They have won, in spite of the system that contributes nothing to India's campaign – except freeloaders and ministers who go there at the cost of the exchequer, to party and click selfies.
After the London Olympics, The Atlantic had compared India's performance with several poor countries and concluded that if you rank countries by the total number of Olympic medals they've ever won, India places 55th in the world, tied with Morocco and Thailand – though India has participated in twice as many Olympic Games as either country. (The ranking is closer to 50 if you exclude the now-defunct countries such as Czechoslovakia or East Germany.) It is regularly outperformed by much poorer countries, such as Ethiopia, Kenya, and North Korea.
Nothing has changed in four years
A report in the Time magazine points out why India falters. "On average, India spends around $0.005 per head on sports each day, against $0.30 for the US, according to a recent Indian parliamentary report. And outside cricket, a game followed with almost religious fervour in India, there is little private investment in sports, discouraging participation." As the report noted, most athletes are wary of pursuing their discipline professionally “because of high risk, uncertainty and low rewards.”
A sporting culture gets established when talent is nurtured, groomed and rewarded. But the laughable spectacle of two states competing to own PV Sindhu, the only silver medallist at the Rio Olympics, and the announcement of extravagant rewards, points at India's ugly political reality: Use a winner only to score political points but invest nothing in nurturing them.
And when the government become apathetic, its officials mismanage talent; the result, as the Indian Express points out, is the embarrassment of seeing wrestler getting discarded or getting knocked out.
"The wrestlers were hardly seen at any international exposure meets – the one place they went in Spain, was enough indication of the poor form (Sakshi won a medal there, though). If photo-ops of climbing ropes and pumping weight in gyms is going to serve as fitness certificates for Indian wrestlers, then the country can continue to dawdle about in mediocrity,"
"The glitzy league cannot be a substitute for bonafide international meets – like the badminton or tennis players do. For all their credentials, no one had seen Narsingh fight abroad in anything other than a league not run by their own federation," the report read.
India can't win a medal at the Olympics unless the entire system is overhauled. To play any game, children have to start early. But, in India, there are no playgrounds, stadiums or parks for public use. The Indian government, for instance, doesn't own even a single world-class badminton stadium. The Sports Authority of India has just one stadium with world-class wrestling facilities.
Athletes who train at the Sports Authority of India get a pittance for uniform, equipment and daily living. Athletes who get injured are insured for Rs 150.
How do we intend to groom talent without facilities? Why will youngsters risk their lives for a medal when the chances of success are two out of a billion, and there is no insurance against failure or injury?
India needs huge investments in infrastructure, a dedicated programme for scouting and nurturing talent, and then creating opportunities for athletes to participate in global events.
Unless that happens, in spite of their best efforts, athletes will keep returning without medals. And officials will continue to do what Shobhaa De said, "Khao, peeyo, selfie lo."
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
