Yesterday's repeal of net neutrality rules isn't the only good news Comcast is getting these days. In January 2018, the conditions imposed by the US government on Comcast's 2011 purchase of NBCUniversal will begin to expire.
Smaller cable companies that compete against Comcast are worried that Comcast will raise the price for carrying "must-have" programming such as regional sports networks, NBC's local TV stations, and NBC's national programming. The merger conditions require Comcast to submit to arbitration when there are disputes over prices, terms, and conditions of programming agreements with other pay-TV companies.
The FCC should impose new rules to essentially replace the arbitration conditions that expire in January, cable company RCN told the Federal Communications Commission in a filing this week. RCN is an "over-builder" that competes against Comcast by building its own infrastructure in areas already served by Comcast, such as Boston and Philadelphia.
"Because the rationale supporting harm to competition and consumers in the Comcast-NBCU Order continues, an 'unleashed' Comcast-NBCU is certain to wreak havoc in the market, undermining rival distributors and harming consumers throughout the country," RCN wrote. RCN also discussed its concerns in meetings with FCC Chairman Ajit Pai and other FCC commissioners and staffers.
Senator wants Comcast/NBC breakup explored
In a similar matter, Sen. Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) urged the Department of Justice to investigate the possibility of breaking up Comcast and NBC after the merger conditions expire.
"If your investigation determines that the Comcast–NBCU acquisition will produce anticompetitive effects, even if the merger conditions are retained, you may need to consider separating Comcast and NBCU in order to fully restore competition," Blumenthal wrote in a letter Wednesday to DOJ antitrust chief Makan Delrahim.
The DOJ last month filed a lawsuit to block AT&T's proposed acquisition of Time Warner Inc. The DOJ's concerns that AT&T and Time Warner will raise prices on rivals that want access to Time Warner programming should also apply to Comcast's ownership of NBC, RCN argues.
When contacted by Ars, Comcast pointed out that the NBC merger's arbitration conditions have been invoked only once in seven years. (The identity of who invoked it is confidential.)
But the threat of arbitration may have been useful for companies negotiating with Comcast. Some TV providers have threatened to file for arbitration without ultimately doing so, such as Dish in 2016.
Comcast: “No credible basis”
Comcast didn't provide Ars with any further response to RCN's claims, but it offered a statement on Blumenthal's letter.
"There is no credible basis to pursue an extension or modification of the consent decree or conditions," Comcast said. "For nearly seven years, Comcast has met or exceeded all of the commitments and obligations under the NBCUniversal transaction. We have filed six annual compliance reports with the FCC setting forth in detail our exemplary compliance track record, none of which has been challenged or objected to by the Commission or any third parties, including by any member of Congress. The DOJ, which has received substantial information about our compliance with the consent decree, has never pursued any enforcement action against us."
Since the merger, video competition has expanded greatly with the rise of online video distribution, Comcast also said. "We have reached dozens of content deals with MVPDs without loss of programming to consumers," the company said.
While some of the Comcast/NBC merger conditions expire on January 20, 2018, others last until September 2018, Blumenthal's letter noted. Blumenthal wants the DOJ to extend the conditions beyond September 2018 "pending further investigation."
The conditions that expire in January include net neutrality provisions similar to the ones repealed by the FCC yesterday. The conditions also require Comcast to offer programming at fair rates to online video distributors.
“Anti-competitive conduct”
Even with the arbitration conditions in place, RCN says Comcast has been anti-competitive:
RCN, along with other mid-sized and smaller MVPDs [multichannel video programming distributors], have faced and continue to face anti-competitive conduct from the combined company. Perhaps the most egregious example is the use of extraordinarily stringent "minimum penetration requirements" for carriage of Comcast-NBCU programming that prevent rivals' attempts to broadly sell a broadcast basic tier of service at a low price. This unusual Comcast-NBCU carriage requirement gives it a competitive advantage over mid-sized and smaller MVPDs and undermines over-the-top competition.
The American Cable Association (ACA), which represents nearly 800 small and medium-sized cable operators, recently asked the FCC to investigate this practice and prohibit it under its program access rules. Comcast is increasingly making these demands in TV programming contract negotiations and the practice could force its smaller rivals to raise their minimum cable TV prices, the ACA said.
In addition to creating a new arbitration process, the FCC should allow a consortium that represents small pay-TV companies to bring program access complaints, RCN said:
[I]t is important to understand that these merger conditions were adopted because of fundamental shortcomings in the Commission's program access rules. For instance, NCTC [National Cable Television Cooperative], the bargaining agent for video programming on behalf of RCN and some 800 mid-sized and smaller MVPDs, is not eligible to bring a program access complaint. Other flaws include the fact that the program access rules include a "uniform price increases" loophole and do not guarantee interim carriage during the pendancy of a complaint.
The ACA made similar arguments in another filing last week.
AT&T and Time Warner
RCN's filing draws parallels between Comcast/NBC and the DOJ's concerns about AT&T's proposed acquisition of Time Warner.
The DOJ's court complaint against AT&T says, "the merger would result in higher prices for consumers for traditional subscription television because it would give the merged company the power to raise the prices that competing video distributors pay to it for Time Warner's popular TV networks for no reason other than that those networks would now be owned by AT&T/DirecTV."
AT&T offered to agree to similar arbitration provisions as the ones required in the Comcast/NBC merger. This offer should be seen as "an admission that vertically integrated MVPDs threaten competition, [that] existing program access rules are insufficient, and [that] additional protections need to be adopted to address them," RCN wrote.
In April, the FCC helped clear the way for AT&T to buy Time Warner, but the DOJ lawsuit is holding up the merger. We asked the FCC if it has any response to RCN's letter and will update this story if we get an answer.
NEW DELHI: Foreign direct investment (FDI) in India more than doubled to $4.48 billion in January, the highest inflow in last 29 months.In January, the country had received $2.18 billion in FDI. It was in September 2012 that India had attracted FDI that was worth $4.67 billion.During the April-January period of the current fiscal, the foreign inflows have grown by 36 per cent, year-on-year, to $25.52 billion, according to data from Department of Industrial Policy and Promotion (DIPP).The inflows were at $18.74 billion during the same period a year ago.Among the top 10 sectors, telecom received the maximum FDI of $2.83 billion in the 10-month period, followed by services ($2.64 billion), automobiles ($2.04 billion), computer software and hardware ($1.30 billion) and pharmaceuticals ($1.25 billion).During the period (April-January), India received the maximum FDI from Mauritius at $7.66 billion, followed by Singapore ($5.26 billion), the Netherlands ($3.13 billion), Japan ($1.61 billion) and the US ($1.58 billion).In 2013-14, FDI stood at $24.29 billion as against $22.42 billion a year earlier.Healthy inflow of foreign investments into the country helped India's balance of payments (BoP) situation and stabilised the value of rupee. India is estimated to require around $1 trillion over five years to overhaul its infrastructure sector, including ports, airports and highways to boost growth.Government is taking steps to boost FDI in the country.It has relaxed FDI norms in sectors including insurance , railways and medical devices.
They're Invisible In China: Portraits Of The Mentally Ill
Enlarge this image toggle caption Liu Yuyang/At Home With Mental Illness Liu Yuyang/At Home With Mental Illness
In one photo, 23-year-old photographer Liu Yuyang captured a special moment between Mei Lin and their two granddaughters. The 83-year-old woman is smiling as one granddaughter leans down to give them a kiss and the other poses for the camera.
But Mei Lin's eyes give away how tired they are. Them hair has completely grayed, and their face is deeply lined. At their age, Mei Lin is supposed to live relatively carefree. Instead, they have to support their family of four: their daughter, son and two granddaughters — all of whom are mentally ill.
"Can you imagine an 83-year-old lady having to take care of four mentally ill patients?" asks Liu. "She usually picks up medicine for their [family], goes shopping for food and makes dinner." And when they relieve themselves on the house floor, they do the cleaning.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Liu Yuyang/At Home With Mental Illness Liu Yuyang/At Home With Mental Illness
The photo is part of Liu's latest project, called At Home With Mental Illness, which in July won them an Ian Parry scholarship recognizing young photographers. They went to two cities in the Guangdong province and documented the daily lives of six families struggling with mental health patients — a group, Liu says, that is too often ignored by the Chinese government and stigmatized by the public.
China has a staggering 173 million people with some sort of diagnosable mental disorder, according to a 2012 study in the journal Lancet. Of those, 158 million have never received any treatment. And China averages one psychiatrist for every 83,000 people. So many patients depend on their families for help.
"We can't see the mental illness patients in society. You won't have a friend or a classmate who is mentally ill so I think they are kind of invisible in our lives," Liu says. "They don't walk on the streets or go to the [places] you go to."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Liu Yuyang/At Home With Mental Illness Liu Yuyang/At Home With Mental Illness
The project started with a newsletter they received earlier this year while working as a photographer for Tencent, one of China's largest media companies. It was from the Chronicle Disease Prevention Center in a small Guangdong town highlighting its efforts to help families dealing with mental illness. "Once I read the newsletter, I found that [the patients] and their families live a real life, so I wanted to find their real life and record what they do every day and what their relationships are like," they say.
Liu wanted to capture both the good and the bad: photos of children struggling with mentally ill parents, young adults trapped at home and an incredible sense of familial love and support. "I don't think people realize the efforts that family members try to [put in] to take care the patient. I know [Mei Lin] loves their daughter and granddaughters, but it's so hard," Liu tells NPR. "She could have enjoyed their life. So I think of it as kind of tragedy."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Liu Yuyang/At Home With Mental Illness Liu Yuyang/At Home With Mental Illness
During our interview, Liu directs me to a 2002 photo book called The Chain, by Taiwanese photographer Chang Chien-Chi. It displays portraits taken in the late 1990s of 700 psychiatric patients. Each person wore stark clothing; the subjects were chained in pairs. That bleak imagery is how the public often thinks of the mentally ill, Liu says.
Even Liu themselves was guilty of thinking that way.
"I actually thought before taking this photo essay that the mentally ill patients were like monsters," they admit. For him, the project brought back memories of one of their first encounters with a mentally ill person. It's a memory he's not proud of.
Liu was in primary school at the time. They often walked past a man who looked as if they were about 50. "He was very thin with no hair," Liu recalls. "He would throw rubbish at the kids [passing by]. I saw them attack a kid from the primary school."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Liu Yuyang/At Home With Mental Illness Liu Yuyang/At Home With Mental Illness
"This is why I thought of them as monsters," they say. Most people just ignored the man. Liu admits to making fun of him. "Now I feel sorry about that," they say. "Now I realize that they are normal people, just with a disease that they [don't have a choice over]."
Related NPR Stories Breaking The Chains That Bind The Mentally Ill
Liu plans to continue covering mental health in China and hopes that the exposure will lead to some sort of change — even for just one family. People who've seen Liu's photos have donated $600 to help one of the families. They hope to raise more money as they continue the project with the $5,400 scholarship they just won.
"This is not finished yet," they say.
The EPA has not revised key hazard standards that protect children from lead poisoning since 2001, despite science showing harms at far lower levels of exposure than previously believed.
Contaminated soil and house dust are significant sources of lead poisoning for children, who ingest lead particles when they put dust-covered fingers and toys in their mouths. A recent USA TODAY investigation of soil around old lead factory sites found potentially dangerous levels of lead in nearby yards, including in the soil beneath this tricycle in Minneapolis. (Photo11: Alison Young, USA TODAY) Story Highlights Lead particles in house dust and soil are significant sources of childhood lead poisoning.
Last May, CDC cut by half the amount of lead in a child's body that should trigger action.
EPA hasn't revised its hazard standards for dust and soil since 2001
The Environmental Protection Agency has no current plans to revise key hazard standards that protect children from lead poisoning, despite calls for action from the agency's scientific advisers.
The result is that children will continue to be exposed to lead particles in house dust and yards at levels that can cause reduced intelligence, attention disorders and other health problems because the EPA's standards — set in 2001 — give a false sense of safety, scientists and child health advocates said.
"It's outrageous we aren't acting on what we know," said Howard Mielke, a soil contamination expert at Tulane University's medical school. Mielke served on an EPA lead advisory panel that gave input on revising the agency's house dust standard for lead more than two years ago. They said the soil standard also is too high to protect kids from harm.
A year ago this month, the EPA's Children's Health Protection Advisory Committee sent a letter to then-administrator Lisa Jackson calling for the agency's "immediate and urgent attention" to several recommendations to address lead poisoning issues, including revising the lead dust standards.
Yet any change in the EPA's lead standard for house dust, which is under review, appears to be years away and would likely face opposition from the home renovation and real estate industries, agency records indicate. The EPA told USA TODAY last week that no action is currently being taken to revise the federal hazard standard for soil – which allows five times more lead in play areas than what health modeling by the state of California shows is needed to protect children from losing 1 I.Q. point.
The EPA's standards for dust and soil are widely used as safety benchmarks when older homes are inspected for lead paint residues and when yards and playgrounds have their soil tested for contamination from paint, industrial sources or particles spewed decades ago from vehicles burning leaded gasoline. Any changes could result in more homes or yards requiring cleanup actions.
"We have thousands of risk assessors around the country determining whether you have risks and using clearance standards that are outdated," said Rebecca Morley, executive director of the National Center for Healthy Housing, a lead-poisoning prevention group. "They matter to consumers as a right-to-know issue: If you're told your home is safe and in fact it's not."
EPA officials declined requests for interviews but said in a statement: "EPA has a longstanding commitment to reducing childhood lead poisoning." The agency said it believes its existing soil standards are effective and that it is reviewing the dust standard and other agency policies in consultation with federal health officials "to see what changes may be needed in the future."
The EPA announced its standards for how much lead is dangerous in dust and soil in 2000. Since then, a growing body of research has shown children are significantly harmed when exposed to far lower levels of lead than previously realized.
Last May, for the first time since 1991, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention revised its standard for lead in a child's blood, cutting by half the amount that should trigger public health actions. About 500,000 U.S. children are estimated to have a blood-lead level of at least 5, the CDC's new standard, though the agency and its scientific advisers emphasized that research has not found any safe exposure level.
Records show the EPA has been reviewing the lead-standard for house dust since it received a formal petition in 2009 from a group of environmental and children's health advocates, including Morley's group. EPA's website says the agency doesn't anticipate announcing any potential changes until September 2014.
The petition said the EPA's 2001 house-dust standard, even at that time, was too high to protect children. That standard says EPA considers lead a hazard if there is greater than 40 micrograms of lead in dust per square foot on floors, and 250 micrograms of lead in dust per square foot on interior windowsills. The petition called for the floor standard to be reduced to 10 micrograms or fewer, and the windowsill standard to be dropped to 100 or less.
Even at a floor-dust-lead level of 12, a study cited by the petitioning groups found that 27% of children living in homes constructed before 1978 would be predicted to have blood-lead levels above what is now the CDC's new lead poisoning standard.
The EPA says it has been in the process of reviewing the science and seeking input to determine whether the standard needs to be changed and if it is technically possible to achieve lower levels of lead in house dust when homes with lead-based paint are renovated. "Before EPA can revise the current dust-lead hazard standards, there are important steps that need to be taken beforehand," the agency said in its statement.
Realtors and home builders told the EPA in 2009 that there was no need to revise the dust standard and had urged the agency to deny the petition.
The National Association of Realtors, in comments filed with EPA, said that a lower dust standard "dramatically" increase costs, paperwork and liability exposures for their members, as well as costs to consumers and homeowners. The National Association of Home Builders filed comments saying, among other things, that lowering the dust standard could drive up renovation costs and result in consumers hiring uncertified contractors or doing work themselves without proper safeguards.
The Realtors' association said Friday its position remains the same. "We believe that increased consumer education and the current law have been very successful at reducing incidents of childhood lead poisoning," said spokesperson Sara Wiskerchen.
"We support eliminating the risk of lead poisoning in children," said Tabby Waqar, the builder's association environmental advocacy program manager. "Our only concern really with the rules is their applicability and where they're focused," they said.
Meanwhile the soil standards, which have not been the subject of a citizen petition, are not being revised. The EPA's hazard standard for bare soil where children play is 400 parts per million (ppm) of lead — and an average 1,200 ppm for the rest of the yard. Yet California — using computer modeling based on current science — has set a much lower standard for residential soil that state environmental health officials say is more protective of children: 80 ppm.
The reason: It takes just a tiny amount of lead dust ingested daily to poison a child. Picture a packet of artificial sweetener, which contains 1 gram of powder. A microgram is one-millionth of what's in that packet. Swallowing just 6 micrograms of lead particles a day over about three months can raise a child's blood-lead level by up to 1 point – which in turn can result in the loss of up to 1 IQ point, according to California's Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment.
That's why the state says it set its residential lead-soil standard at 80 ppm. "California is usually a pretty good bellwether of where we ought to be," said Ruth Ann Norton, executive director of the Coalition to End Childhood Lead Poisoning.
USA TODAY's recent "Ghost Factories" investigation, which tested soil in around forgotten lead factory sites across the country, found contaminated soil in several neighborhoods above both the California and EPA standards.
Contaminated house dust and soil — which children ingest when they put dirty hands and toys in their mouths — are among the most important sources for children being poisoned, said Bruce Lanphear, a leading medical researcher who has studied sources of lead in children's bodies and has served on EPA advisory panels. Lanphear said the current EPA standards aren't protective enough. "In every instance, the standards are based less on science and more on what the feds though was feasible," they said.
Kim Dietrich, an environmental health professor at the University of Cincinnati, who has served as a scientific adviser on CDC and EPA panels, said they think the standards should be revised. But they said he's skeptical there would be resources available to enforce any updates. They noted that Congress has eliminated nearly all of CDC's funding for federal lead poisoning prevention programs nationwide – yet the lead hazards remain.
"If we were terrorists, we could not have found a better way to distribute this poison. First, we put it in leaded gasoline so children were breathing it. Then we put it in paint to ensure it would be in homes for decades," they said.
And the exposures have real consequences for children, said Michael Weitzman, another scientist who has served as an EPA and CDC adviser. "We know at the lowest measurable levels, you get damage," said Weitzman, a professor of pediatrics and environmental medicine at New York University. "For the many things that hurt our children, lead is a thing that we know how to prevent the kids from being hurt."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/Y6nzWJ
SIG Sauer hints at possible legal action over the opinion of federal regulators about “intended use” of the company's stabilizing brace for AR pistols.
Last week, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives clarified that shouldering an AR pistol equipped with a stabilizing brace redefines the intent use of the accessory and would require federal regulation. The agency also reaffirmed its original ruling that the device is still legal when used appropriately.
“We question ATF's reversal in position that the classification of the brace may be altered by its use. We are reviewing the legal precedents and justification for this position, and will address our concerns with ATF in the near future,” the New Hampshire-based company said in a statement on Jan. 22.
“We will vigorously defend the classification of all of our products and our consumers' right to use them in accordance with the law. If we find that the open letter opinion is outside the scope of the law, we will seek further review.”
SIG has challenged the ATF over other rulings of its products. The company filed suit against the agency in February 2014 for classifying a SIG muzzle device as a silencer instead of a muzzle brake.
The city has settled a lawsuit brought by three Occupy Wall Street protestors who accused the NYPD of arresting them without cause, detaining them for almost 24 hours, and forcing them through a humiliating strip search. On November 17th 2011, 20-year-old Kira Moyer-Sims was buying coffee on the Lower East Side while three friends waited in a nearby car. Suddenly 30 police officers swooped in and arrested them, and later drilled them on their relationship with the movement while they were in custody. “I felt like I had been arrested for a thought crime,” Moyer-Sims said at the time. Taxpayers will now give them $15,000 to make up for it.
According to the settlement, the city will pay $50,000 total to Moyer-Sims, Angela Richino, and Matthew Vrvilo. (It's unclear what happened to the fourth person arrested.) All the plaintiffs in the civil lawsuit had been charged with obstructing governmental administration—charges that were later dropped by the DA's office.
"They were arrested on the belief that they were about to go to a protest," their attorney Vijayant Pawar tells us. "But they were not going to a protest. So either the NYPD was following them for quite some time or the NYPD just thought they looked like protestors. But they were far away from the protest when they were picked up by the NYPD Intelligence Division and arrested and held for 24 hours."
Pawar says their clients are satisfied with the settlement, but that it doesn't make up for the NYPD's actions. Asked to confirm that they were in fact Occupy Wall Street protesters, Pawar argued that such classifications missed the point. "Were they with OWS?" Pawar asked. "I don't know that you can paint someone with that brush. They had not been arrested before and have not been arrested since then. They were not going to protest that day. Were they part of the OWS movement? It's hard to say who is."
Artist's concept of DARPA's Experimental Spaceplane (XS-1), a proposed unmanned, hypersonic vehicle that the agency hopes will lower satellite launch costs substantially. Officials are targeting Mach 10 for the suborbital vehicle.
WASHINGTON — The U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency expects to spend some $800 million on space programs from 2015 through 2018, an increase of $130 million over what was projected at this time last year, Defense Department budget documents show.
Nearly all of the targeted increase for DARPA's Space Programs and Technology Office is backloaded into the outyears, the documents show. For 2015, the office is seeking nearly $180 million, only $7.5 million more than this year's funding level.
DARPA's budget books break out funding on a program-by-program basis for the upcoming fiscal year only; outyear projections are provided only at the department level. [NASA Space Tech, Science & Exploration Goals in 2015 (Gallery)]
DARPA's mission, generally speaking, is to pursue high-risk, high-payoff technology development projects that could someday benefit the military. These projects are taken on with the understanding that many, if not most, will fail. Defense Department officials often talk about "DARPA-hard" programs to describe their degree of difficulty.
For example, the 2015 request includes $27 million for XS-1, a concept for a reusable space plane that could ultimately fly 10 times in 10 days and boost payloads into low-Earth orbit for less than $5 million per launch. The program received $10 million in 2014.
"Technologies derived from the XS-1 program will enable routine space launch capabilities with aircraft-like cost, operability and reliability," a DARPA announcement from November 2013 reads. "The long-term intent is for XS-1 technologies to be transitioned to support not only next-generation launch for Government and commercial customers, but also global reach hypersonic and space access aircraft."
The agency hopes to select a single vendor next year for the final design and development of the vehicle, which could make its initial test flight in 2018.
DARPA sees the program potentially transitioning to the Air Force, the Navy or a commercial operator, the budget documents said.
The budget request also includes $55 million for the Airborne Launch Assist Space Access (ALASA) program, which is intended to field a system to launch satellites weighing up to 100 lbs (45 kilograms) for $1 million each. The agency requested $42 million for the program in fiscal year 2014.
DARPA awarded ALASA system concept studies contracts last year to Boeing, Lockheed Martin and Virgin Galactic, and technology-development contracts to three other companies.
The program is aiming for a demonstration launch in fiscal year 2015.
DARPA is requesting $65 million for the Phoenix program next year, compared with $60 million this year, according to the agency budget documents. Phoenix is an on-orbit robotics technologies program originally intended, in part, to salvage components from aging satellites.
DARPA plans to test a core element of the program known as satlets — small modules that perform critical satellite functions including power, pointing and communications — by launching them into a low-inclination orbit as soon as 2015.
The budget request also includes $5 million for what appears to be a new program dubbed the Optical Aperture Self-Assembly in Space, which is intended to demonstrate the "feasibility of constructing large optical apertures in orbit from a number of smaller modular components that self-organize in space."
The request discontinues funding for two programs: an experimental solar electric propulsion vehicle and system F6, a planned formation-flying satellite demonstration that was canceled last year.
This story was provided by Space News, dedicated to covering all aspects of the space industry. Follow Mike Gruss on Twitter: @Gruss_SN.
Author: Marshall Schott
About 3 years ago, I designed an American-style Red Ale with a simple grist, bittered to 30 BU with Magnum, and finished with a moderate amount of Centennial and Cascade. When it came time to brew this beer, I realized my Magnum stock was depleted and reached for the most similar AA% hops I had available, which happened to be Chinook (Shh-nook). Despite recently learning Chinook possessed relatively high cohumulone (CoH) levels, purported to produce a harsher bitterness, my skepticism prevailed and I tossed a charge in at 60 minutes. The finished beer was good, but I'll be damned if I didn't experience it has possessed an unpleasantly sharp bitterness.
I'm certainly no chemist and claim no expertise on the matter, hence my deference to those much smarter than me. In For The Love of Hops: The Practical Guide to Aroma, Bitterness and the Culture of Hops, Stan Hieronymus discusses how research in the 1950's (Rigby et al.) suggesting higher CoH levels produce harsher bitterness drastically influenced the brewing world by increasing demand for low CoH varieties, which ultimately impacted research and breeding. However, as Stan points out, later studies performed by our friends at Oregon State University demonstrated experienced tasters were unable to distinguish between beers containing differing CoH levels to a significant degree. Some have gone as far as to conclude CoH's erroneously bad reputation is leading to some not-so-positive repercussions given findings from newer studies.
And yet, many remain concerned. Whether in the form of anecdote like my own or advice given by industry authorities, the belief that higher CoH hops produce harsher bitterness persists. As does my curiosity.
| PURPOSE |
To evaluate the differences between 2 beers of the same exact recipe bittered to the same expected level (IBU) using hops of similar AA% with either high levels of CoH or low levels of CoH.
| METHOD |
DISCLAIMER: Designing an xBmt isolating only CoH levels posed a bit of an issue– without securing pure CoH, which I couldn't find anyway, there really was no good way of going about it that didn't involve introducing some other variable. When testing stuff like this on the homebrew scale where access to certain shit is limited, we're forced to make some concessions, which isn't scientifically ideal though can still produce results applicable to the typical homebrewer. In this particular case, such a concession had to be made and I opted to compare two hop varieties similar in AA% and oil content while differing quite drastically in CoH levels. Despite efforts to reduce as much flavor and aroma impact as possible, it's true any differences could be a function of hop characteristics other than CoH. I fully get this and have no intention of misleading anyone– if you're concerned, view this xBmt not as a comparison of CoH levels but different bittering hops. Moving on…
I consulted with more folks than usual when designing this xBmt, all who offered great feedback. One of these people was John Palmer who suggested I replace the ESB I was planning to brew with something lighter and cleaner with a single bittering hop addition. So, I dropped the specialty malts and all but a lonely 60 minute hop charge. Exciting, eh?
British Golden Ale
Recipe Details Batch Size Boil Time IBU SRM Est. OG Est. FG ABV 5.5 gal 60 min 40.0 IBUs 5.5 SRM 1.054 1.014 5.3 % Actuals 1.054 1.014 5.3 % Fermentables Name Amount % Pale Malt, Maris Otter 10 lbs 90.91 Caramel/Crystal Malt - 15L 1 lbs 9.09 Hops Name Amount Time Use Form Alpha % Simcoe (13.8%) | Chinook (14%) 20 g 60 min Boil Pellet 13.8 Yeast Name Lab Attenuation Temperature London Ale III (1318) Wyeast Labs 73% 64°F - 74°F
Unimpressed after my first use of Wyeast 1318 London Ale III, I figured I'd give it another go and built up a start a couple days before brewing.
The evening before my planned batch sparge brew day, I collected both volumes of liquor and milled the grain while making sure my kids didn't get run over.
Early the following morning, my tiny bottom'd assistant accompanied me to the garage where the first order of business was heating the strike water.
To reduce the introduction of extraneous variables, I opted to perform a single mash and hit my target temperature dead on.
About 10 minutes in, I pulled a small sample to confirm the mash pH was where I wanted it.
Once the mash was complete, I collected both runnings or sweet wort in a single kettle, gently stirred until well homogenized, then transferred an equal portion to a second kettle. To allow for consecutive chilling, I staggered the boil step by 15 minutes.
As the first batch was coming up to a boil, I measured out the single bittering addition of hops that would be tossed into either batch, it differed by literally 2 pellets given the closeness in AA% between them.
My decision to use Chinook and Simcoe came not without research and consultation. In fact, I wasn't even aware Simcoe was a low CoH variety until I started designing this xBmt. My primary goal was to compare two hops with drastically different CoH levels, though I secondarily wanted to them to be similar in as many other respects as possible. My first stop on this quest was the USA Hops Variety Manual, which is where I discovered Chinook and Simcoe were at either end of the CoH spectrum. With the help of my friend Matt Chrispen from the Accidentalis blog, and utilizing Scott Janish's awesome Hop Oils Calculator, we determined that Chinook and Simcoe share many similarities, the exceptions being CoH (woo!) and myrcene (boo!).
Myrcene is known for imparting a “green” character that's sometimes described as mangoe-like, earthy, and to some, reminiscent of it's danky cousin (it's the most common terpene in weed). It's also highly volatile, particularly in warmer environments, meaning it dissipates rapidly when used pretty much anywhere other than the dry hop. While less than ideal, Chinook and Simcoe seemed the best fit for an xBmt of this nature. To be clear, both were from the 2014 harvest season.
Each boil proceeded as normal, the first finishing 15 minutes before the second, and both were quickly chilled to my target fermentation temperature of 66°F/19°C. A refractometer measurement of both worts at this point revealed my process was consistent between the batches.
I proceeded to transfer the wort to separate 6 gallon PET carboys that were placed in my temperature controlled fermentation chamber.
The single large yeast starter was then split evenly between two clean and sanitized flasks.
Each carboy was hit with 500 mL of viable yeast slurry with signs of active fermentation showing up just 8 hours later.
Fermentation appeared the same between the batches the entire time. I began ramping the temperature to 72°F/22°C after 4 days of fermentation and at 10 days post-pitch both were seemingly done, which two hydrometer measurements taken 3 days apart supported.
Following a 2 day cold crash and fining with gelatin, I transferred the beers to kegs.
After about a week of conditioning on gas, the beers were carbonated and ready to serve! The clarity difference was rather interesting to me and remained the entire 3 weeks these beers were on tap.
| RESULTS |
A total of 23 people contributed data to this xBmt including numerous BJCP judges, experienced homebrewers, craft beer enthusiasts, and my neighbor. Each taster was blindly served 1 sample of the Simcoe/low CoH beer and 2 samples of the Chinook/CoH beer in opaque cups then asked to identify the one that was different. At this sample size, 12 accurate selections (p<0.05) would be required to imply statistical significance, and in the end exactly 12 (p=0.048) identified the unique sample, suggesting participants were able to reliably distinguish between a beer bittered with high CoH Chinook from the same beer bittered with low CoH Simcoe.
A brief comparative evaluation of only the two different beers was then completed by the 12 tasters who were correct on the triangle test. Regarding preference, five tasters chose the Chinook/high CoH beer and five selected the Simcoe/low CoH beer, the remaining two indicating they preferred neither over the other. Even more evidence to support the notion that preference is a subjective matter. The variable being investigated was then revealed to these participants and a brief explanation regarding the purported impact of CoH on bitterness perception was provided. Still blind to which beer was in which cup, tasters were instructed to select the one they believed was made with the Simcoe/low CoH hop, which resulted in seven correct and five incorrect selections.
In follow-up discussions following completion of the survey, a point at which tasters were aware of the nature of the xBmt yet still unaware of their performance, the most commonly cited factor contributing to their ability to distinguish the beers was, you guessed it, the perceived bitterness.
LAB ANALYSIS
While collecting data for this xBmt, I was contacted by Dana Garves, founder of Oregon Brew Lab, which offers brewers all sorts of rad and affordable options for beer analysis. They kindly volunteered to run lab tests for xBmts that might benefit from more objective measures. While I didn't expect there to be much of a difference in IBU, I thought it'd be interesting to have this data available, as similar bitterness levels would provide even more support for CoH as being the most likely contributing factor to the perceived differences. Unfortunately, I impatiently packaged and shipped off samples without reading through the instructions Dana sent me, which led to the accidental combining of the Chinook/high CoH and Simcoe/low CoH samples prior to being analyzed. Fuck. Regardless, I found the results of the test rather interesting, as it showed the combined sample was at a measured 29 IBU, 11 shy of the level predicted by BeerSmith using the Tinseth calculation for both batches. Did one sample pull the other down or was the predicted IBU that far off for both? Hmm.
My Impressions: First off, my bias– I was wholly convinced these beers would be indistinguishable based not only on stuff I've read and heard from trusted sources, but personal experiences following my presumption formed after the Red Ale story I told above. Man, was I wrong. In all of my 5 attempts, which I completed on different days with different people serving me and various levels of inebriation, I got it right. And I mean it when I say they smelled and tasted exactly the same, the only difference I picked up was in the harshness of the bitterness. Go fucking figure. I feel like a schmuck even saying it. While pretty subtle, I found the Simcoe/low CoH beer to be characterized by a smoothness from start to finish while the Chinook/high CoH beer had more of a sharp, snappy bitter character that lingered on my palate a bit longer. It wasn't a crazy difference, but I have no problems classifying it as noticeable.
As if that wasn't enough, when comparing them in a “blind” side-by-side, I consistently preferred the Chinook/high CoH beer! For years, I've been using hops said to impart a smooth bitterness, chasing the preferences of those whose opinions I read and listened to, all the while ignoring my own desires.
| DISCUSSION |
I've no doubt these results will be used by some to confirm CoH levels do in fact impact the harshness of bitterness, while others will point to the “obvious fact” the differences were due the use of different hop varieties, and still some will write the xBmt off completely when they notice a p-value of 0.048 isn't “very significant.” To be honest, I find myself waffling between all of these…
The statistics indicate a distinguishable difference… but the hops were different… but they were also really similar in so many respects… but if only 1 person's guess was wrong instead of right… but p-values suck… but… but… but…
Ultimately, I'm left to make a decision based neither solely on the data nor my personal experience, but on a combination of both. I was able to tell a difference beyond that which might be expected if I were randomly guessing, and from this I developed a preference for the beer made with the Chinook/high CoH hop. But that doesn't mean I'm going to recommend others adopt my perspective, what good would that do other than contribute to growth of my ego? Rather, I encourage anyone interested in this stuff to mess around with it in their own brewing, it's a fun and relatively risk-free way to learn something new on an experiential level, which I view as being of utmost value. This xBmt certainly forced me to rethink things and you better believe it was only the first of many focusing on the impact bittering hops have on beer.
If you have any thoughts about this xBmt, please do not hesitate to share in the comments section below!
Brülosophy Merch Available Now!
Follow Brülosophy on:
If you enjoy this stuff and feel compelled to support Brulosophy.com, please check out the Support page for details on how you can very easily do so. Thanks!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Tumblr
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
In an interview this week with the BBC, the Dalai Lama reiterated a curious point they have made in the past: Their successor, the 15th in the holy line of their Tibetan monastery, could be female. "The female biologically has more potential to show affection... and compassion," they said.
But there was a caveat. Them "face must be very, very attractive," the Dalai Lama said in discussion with the BBC's Clive Myrie, and later added: "Otherwise not of much use."
The BBC journalist appears a bit startled and eventually asks the Dalai Lama whether he's joking. It's not totally clear whether they are, but the 80-year-old spiritual leader goes on to make a quip about their own handsomeness. On that front, they have a point, judging by these pictures from their youth:
I say #Dalai, you say #Lama. The photo journey of the 14th reincarnation of their holiness the Dalai Lama. http://t.co/NritO3MPxs — Mogil (@emogil) July 8, 2015
Love this photo of the Dalai Lama as a cute young hipster in 1959. [Getty Images] http://t.co/aoEmCaFrKe pic.twitter.com/BTYoXBPnT7 — Steve Silberman (@stevesilberman) July 8, 2015
The question of succession is particularly vexing for the Dalai Lama, who has lived in exile in India after fleeing Chinese authorities in 1959. Despite their many overtures, Beijing has remained vehemently opposed to him. There are suspicions that, after the Dalai Lama's death, Tibetan monks closer to the government will pick a successor more amenable to the Chinese leadership.
The wider context of the Dalai Lama's interview with the BBC had little to do with their own future and that of the Tibetan cause. They were asked about the refugee crisis facing Europe, which is struggling to cope with a massive influx of desperate people fleeing conflict in the Middle East and North Africa. The holy man spoke out against European leaders and politicians who demonize the refugees because of their faith. "Islam is like any other religion," the Dalai Lama said.
PORTLAND, Maine — As rent bills kept coming, paychecks from a now shuttered Old Port sandwich shop did not. The apparent wage theft left more than a dozen of the store's employees short-handed and, in some cases, homeless, according to past employees and an attorney and activist helping them.
Pockets opened in July as the city's only 24/7 sandwich spot in a busy section of downtown. After signs of financial trouble for its owner, former employees said various promises went unfulfilled, from amenities never installed to wages never paid.
Pockets abruptly closed early this month, and the space at 363 Fore St. that previously housed a Dunkin' Donuts is up for lease.
“It's a particularly egregious situation,” said DrewChristopher Joy, executive director of the Southern Maine Workers' Center. “Some of them have given up on the idea that they'll see that money.”
Pushed over the edge
Most of the former employees are young, with little savings to cushion the blow of lost wages. Among them is 20-year-old Alexandra Rodriguez.
“I'm kind of going through a situation where I'm homeless,” Rodriguez said.
She's not the only one.
Rodriguez said they were looking for a stable place for them and a 1-year-old child to live and hoped income from Pockets would make that happen.
“I could have been working other places, and I was really disappointed,” Rodriguez said.
Some of the former employees said they were paid at times straight from the cash register after questioning owner Dennis Caris about when their paychecks would arrive.
Shannon O'Brien, 20, who eventually took on managerial roles at the restaurant, said there's about $12,000 owed to former employees in unpaid wages. Individual employees reported they are owed between $500 and $1,700.
“[Caris] would tell me how the payroll was working,” O'Brien said.
Eventually, the former workers said Caris faded into the background of the business as they took over more and more functions to keep the shop open. Some quit early, but some hung on.
Caris did not respond to a phone message Friday morning or emails responding to a job posting for Pockets that remained on Craigslist as of Monday.
Broker Steve Baumann of Compass Commercial Brokers, which has listed the building for lease, did not respond to calls Monday seeking comment on Caris' tenure in the building. The building is owned by Eleven Exchange LLC, which is controlled by commercial property owner Joseph Soley.
The promise of higher wages
On Craigslist, Pockets advertised wages between $9 and $11 per hour. O'Brien said that and the promise of better hours caused them to quit their previous job, where they were earning less.
Jeremiah Baker, 18, who worked frequent overnight shifts at the restaurant starting in July, said they did the same.
“I quit my other job to go there, and I thought it was going to work out,” Baker said in a telephone interview.
By mid-August, they said, they had received about $200 for 155 hours of work and was without money to pay for basic necessities. They estimate he's owed another $1,500, before taxes.
“I couldn't even get anything to eat for the day, and I couldn't buy clothes or socks or underwear or anything,” Baker said.
He's staying at a shelter now and looking for other work.
Joy, with the Southern Maine Workers' Center, said many of the employees were in situations that made them vulnerable to wage theft.
“It was mostly folks who were using this job to try and improve their living situations, and that's why it's tragic that they didn't get this money, because they really needed it,” Joy said.
What can be done?
Andrew Schmidt, a labor lawyer working with some of the unpaid former Pockets employees, said prospects of a wage and hour lawsuit are slim.
“To pursue the lawsuit would take many many hours, and if they file for bankruptcy or we just can't find him, then there's just no money,” Schmidt said. “I potentially would have done the case pro bono if the workers would get paid in the end, but I didn't think that was going to happen.”
They and staff at the Southern Maine Workers' Center said they spoke to the Bangor Daily News in hopes that it would tell the story of one unusual case of wage theft in the city and maybe put pressure on Caris to pay.
Joy said the case is unusual for the amounts owed to former employees and for the fact that the employees are willing to speak about it publicly, without the typical concerns in wage cases about maintaining a job or souring a relationship with an employer.
“We see a lot of underreporting of violations of wage and hour laws and that's because it's not worth the time and the effort for no outcome,” Joy said. “If you report the employer, then you may lose your job or get worse hours or lose shifts, even though that kind of thing is illegal.”
They and past employees said they have little hope of seeing payments, but they are lobbying Maine Department of Labor officials for help, using a fund that can compensate workers for up to two weeks of unpaid wages.
Julie Rabinowitz, a spokesperson for the Maine Department of Labor, said they cannot confirm or deny a wage investigation at Pockets. Rabinowitz said payments from the state's Wage Assurance Fund require a state investigation that determines the business has closed and that it has no assets.
On Monday afternoon, a moving crew from Pepsico Inc. subsidiary New Bern Transport Corp. removed three large Pepsi display refrigerators from 363 Fore St. and hauled them off in a truck.
A long ordeal
Employees said they for weeks held out hope that they would get paid, bolstered by Caris' promises for growing the business and making investments.
There also were threats. Multiple employees said Caris told them they would file for bankruptcy in response to continued demands for payments, implying the workers would not see their money.
Schmidt said they didn't know how the business was organized, and records with the Maine secretary of state's office do not show a business operating either as Pockets or the name Pockets Sandwich Shops, identified as a trademarked name on the store's website.
Employees described other complaints and indignities in their time working at the restaurant, including verbal abuse and periods of time where they believed Caris would head to a nearby establishment for drinks.
Rodriguez said Caris returned during one of their shifts to rest on a couch in an area planned for the restaurant's pizza kitchen.
“He was not making a very good impression on people and that's why I was like, I can't be working here anymore,” Rodriguez said.
Rodriguez said they recorded a final meeting with Caris about their payment.
Madeline Gillespie, 18, said another employee had recorded a meeting between Caris and multiple workers to discuss the status of the business and their owed wages.
That came after a long series of promises that didn't come to pass and other discouraging signs. Gillespie said they started at Pockets on June 28, helping to prepare for its opening. More than a month into operation, Gillespie said contractors came to take the restaurant's coffee machines. That's when they had a hunch she'd have to fight to get paid.
And then, Gillespie said, there were more discouraging scenes.
“I left when I saw their car get booted in front of the store and they didn't have the money to get the boot off,” Gillespie said.
In one case, persistence paid off
On Sept. 1, after hobbling on crutches to plead with Caris that they needed payment to cover surgery for a foot injury, Gillespie got a check for about $720.
It came after weeks of pleading, penning a demand letter, having their mother contact Caris and writing on the store's Facebook page, which has since been deleted.
Gillespie said a co-worker was “shocked” to hear that they had been paid. And, as far as they know, she's the only one.
“He did a lot of damage,” they said.
• China 'arm-twisting' to persuade diplomats to stay away • But 44 countries will be at event to honour Liu Xiaobo
The following correction was printed in the Guardian's Corrections and clarifications column, Saturday 11 December 2010
A report of the boycott of this year's Nobel peace prize ceremony erroneously referred to 'Martti Ahtisaari, the former Finnish prime minister'. Mr Ahtisaari was never prime minister, but they were the president of Finland between 1994 and 2000
China and 18 other countries have declined invitations to Friday's Nobel peace prize ceremony, organisers said today, as Beijing launched a fresh attack on the decision to honour jailed dissident Liu Xiaobo.
Norway's Nobel committee dismissed the Chinese foreign ministry's claim that the international community did not support the award.
Beijing has urged diplomats in Oslo to stay away from the event, warning of "consequences" if they go.
Several of those who have turned down invitations are long-term allies or trade partners. The full list comprises Pakistan, Iran, Sudan, Russia, Kazakhstan, Colombia, Tunisia, Saudi Arabia, Serbia, Iraq, Vietnam, Afghanistan, Venezuela, the Philippines, Egypt, Ukraine, Cuba and Morocco.
Another 44 are attending, while Algeria and Sri Lanka have not replied to their invitations.
Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Jiang Yu said: "As far as I know, at present, more than 100 countries and organisations have expressed explicit support for China opposing the Nobel peace prize, which fully shows that the international community does not accept the decision of the Nobel committee."
They declined to list those who would not attend, but added: "After the ceremony, you can see that the vast majority of the international community will not attend."
Geir Lundestad, the committee's executive secretary, said that was "a very curious way of stating things", because only the 65 countries with embassies in Norway were invited.
But they acknowledged: "One of the reasons [for states not attending] is undoubtedly China."
A spokesperson for the US state department said: "Our ambassador will be there. Our actions speak for themselves."
Li Datong, a Beijing-based writer who recently signed a petition calling for Liu's release, said it was "absolute rubbish" to say the international community opposed the award. "The foreign ministry has no shame. It's a lie, pure and simple, told without the slightest hint of embarrassment," they said.
Sam Zarifi, Amnesty International's director for the Asia-Pacific region, said: "There are a couple of disappointments, but it's effectively a club of countries with relatively bad human rights records."
They said China had persuaded only a small minority to snub the event despite "arm-twisting ... using a combination of political pressure and economic blackmail". In one case, it is understood that an ambassador decided to attend in person – instead of sending another diplomat as they had planned – after receiving China's warning.
According to the Norwegian newspaper Aftenposten, all invited countries sent representatives last year, when Barack Obama won. The previous year, about 10 countries did not attend the ceremony for Martti Ahtisaari, the former Finnish prime minister.
The Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson described supporters of the award as clowns orchestrating a farce. Jiang said they were fundamentally opposed to China's development and wanted to interfere in the country's politics and legal system.
They added: "All policies in China are for the interests of the majority of the Chinese people. We will not change ... because of the interference of some clowns who are anti-China."
Beijing was furious at the decision to recognise Liu, who is serving an 11-year sentence for incitement to subvert state power after co-authoring Charter 08, a call for democratic reforms.
The authorities have placed their wife, Liu Xia, and other supporters under house arrest and have barred other activists from leaving the country, apparently for fear they will attend the event.
"It is normal that some countries and organisations will not approve of and not attend the Nobel ceremony," said Pu Zhiqiang, a Beijing-based human rights lawyer. "But this has no logical relationship to the real issue, which is whether or not those who want to attend are permitted to attend."
The event would normally see the handover of the Nobel gold medal, a diploma and prize money of 10m kronor (£1m), but organisers say that will not happen this year because only close family can collect on a winner's behalf. China is unlikely to let Liu's relatives attend.
It will be the first time the prize has not been handed over since Nazi Germany barred the pacifist Carl von Ossietzky from attending in 1935.
Enjoy the free plans and how-to info below, and be sure to check out the ever-growing Cigar Box Guitar How-To Knowledgebase: CigarBoxguitar.com!
From the simple 3-string cigar box guitar instructional that started the Cigar Box Guitar Revolution to historical plans dating back to the 1800's...we've collected them all. Scroll down and discover something new today. Keep checking back for new plans.
Three-String Cigar Box Guitar (Easy) Eight-page set of plans walks you through building a simple but fully playable 3-string cigar box guitar from scratch. Well-illustrated in an easy-to-understand method to build your first cigar box guitar with minimal effort. Written by Ben "Gitty" Baker. >> Read more...
$20 Cigar Box Ukulele (Easy/Moderate) These cigar box ukulele plans by Shelley Rickey of the Mourning Glories offer some of the easiest methods for constructing your own playable uke. The design requires no fretting tools (the frets are black zip ties!) and utilize a simple stick-through-box construction. Features demo video. >> Read more...
Piccolo Cigar Box Guitar - (Moderate) A short scale modification to the 3-String Pro Plans that will bring your sounds into the mandolin and ukulele range. Features demo video. >> Read more...
Cigar Box Dulcimer (Moderate/Advanced) Build a timeless sounding Appalachian dulcimer with this guide. Experienced cigar box mountain dulcimer builder, 'Diane from Chicago' shares photos and discusses some of their methods for creating these beautiful instruments.. >> Read more...
Hacks, Parts & Essential Building Tips (coming soon)
Richey Kay Advanced Cigar Box Guitar Building Lessons (coming soon)
1884 "Uncle Enos" Cigar Box Banjo The oldest known plans for a cigar box instrument, the Uncle Enos Banjo plans were written by Boy Scouts founder Daniel Carter Beard for a childrens magazine. The finished product is a very playable 5-string banjo. Includes photos of a completed banjo made from the plans. >> Read more...
1886 Cigar Box Banjo Plans Originally published in 1886, these cigar box banjo plans are some of the earliest ever discovered. They bear a striking resemblance to the Daniel Carter Beard plans originally published two years prior. This instrument utilizes the same broomstick neck with a separate one-piece fretboard/headstock. >> Read more...
1917 Hawaiian Cigar Box Ukulele From the June, 1917 edition of Popular Mechanics. S. H. Samuels walks the reader through the basics of constructing a uke, which in 1917 “was made at a cost of 30 cents, by careful selection of materials from the shop scrap stock.”. >> Read more...
1920 Cigar Box Ukulele Another great set of plans with beautiful diagrams. Originally published in 1920 by Charles A. King, these have been archived straight from the scan so you can see them exactly as they ran almost 100 years ago. >> Read more...
1920 Cigar Box Jazzolin (Diddley Bow/Fiddle) From Popular Science Monthly, July, 1920. Author Frank W. Vroom gives fairly brief instructions for constructing a “Jazzolin” using a cigar box. This is another take on the classic one-string Vaudeville fiddle >> Read more...
1922 Five-String Cigar Box Mandolin A solid 5-string mandolin made from a wooden cigar box. From the lost files of cigar box guitar history, we present these plans which were rediscovered by John "Reddog" McNair. >> Read more...
1936 Pitchfork Fiddle (aka Viking Fiddle) A patent (with full diagrams) for a musical instrument formed from a pitchfork, tightened string, resonator drum and an interesting slide/resonator box. Similar to the "Viking Fiddle" used by Ida Rindlisbacher of the Wisconsin Lumberjacks band in the 1930's. >> Read more...
1940 Cigar Box Violin "Anyone who loves music and is handy with tools can make a cigar box violin that is capable of producing really good tones. The violin may be designed for either two strings or four, depending on the maker's ability as a craftsman and aspirations as a player." >> Read more...
1949 One-String Cigar Box Violin (aka Vaudeville Fiddle) The one-string fiddle was a staple of the Vaudeville circuit in the late 1800's and early 1900's. In fact, Larry Fine of the Three Stooges was a master of the Vaudeville fiddle. >> Read more...
1955 European Rebak Fiddle The rebak is the father of the violin and was introduced to Europe by the Persians. We have archived these set of plans -- including making the bow -- in a downloadable pdf. >> Read more...
1959 The Historic Electric Guitar Plans The Strat and Les Paul were only several years old when Mechanix Illustrated magazine published these plans, penned by Captain America creator and artist, C. C. Beck in their September 1959 issue. >> Read more...
1961 2x4 Bass Guitar God bless the writers of science magazines back in the 1960's. Everyone wanted to be a rock star, so they found innovative ways to make the instruments! Archived plans in a downloadable PDF file >> Read more...
1965 Lap Steel Guitar A comprehensive set of plans to make a classic lap steel guitar. Includes pickup construction along with a full discussion group for lap steel guitars. >> Read more...
1976 Two-String Cigar Box Guitar The article that inspired the modern Cigar Box Guitar Renaissance. These are the plans that Shane Speal used to build their first cigar box guitar… and from that first cigar box guitar, they went on to jump-start the entire modern cigar box guitar revival. >> Read more...
2x4 Lap Steel Guitar This lap steel was made from an extra 2x4 I had in my shed, with just a few saw cuts to the wood. I even used a pre-wired acoustic sound hole pickup, so there was no wiring needed. Anybody can build this lap steel guitar! >> Read more...
Mailbox Dobro Guitar "This guitar was never built to be a gimmick. I made it simply because I wanted a steel bodied Dobro guitar, but couldn't afford one. " See how this poor man's dobro was made, including a demo video. >> Read more...
Seasick Steve "3 String Trance Wonder" Guitar Get all the set-up secrets, specs and string choices to convert an old electric guitar into a Seasick Steve "3 String Trance Wonder." Features info culled from Steve's closest friends. >> Read more...
Traditional Appalachian Banjo Figuring out how these things fit together was a right old game, but I've managed to do it. It's got a few neat bits...double action trussrod, and a method of adjusting the tension on the head...but the internal pot is a simple 6" cake tin, and the skin is a drum head, as they... >> Read more...
One-String Electric Shovel Guitar Video lesson on how to build a heavy metal one-string shovel guitar, as played by Youtube sensation, Rob Scallon. >> Read more...
Les Claypool Style "Whamola" Bass (Primus instrument) Les Claypool's one-string Whamola is the mutated and high voltage bastard-son of the washtub bass. Using a lever tuning/playing system, the instrument delivers globular, freak-out sounds. Just watch this video to get an idea... >> Read more...
Wood Snare Drum (Cajon Style) Johnny Brooke of Crafted Workshop has created a great step-by-step lesson on building your own snare cajon drum. The project was made with mostly scrap material and common snares from a snare drum. We have a parts list and a link to detailed photos. >> Read more...
Blue Man Group "Tubulum" (Tuned PVC Pipe Instrument) If you've ever seen the Blue Man Group, then you know all about the Tubulum. This instrument is built from a series of PVC tubes that are whacked at the end with flat rubber slappers, similar to cheap flip flops. >> Read more...
Musical Washboard Design & Setup Washboard virtuoso, Ronn Benway shows how to set up your own musical washboard. This episode of Cigar Box Nation TV includes design, layout and percussion choices. >> Read more...
Cardboard Rocky Mountain Dulcimer Great cardboard-topped 3-string dulcimer plans! Link contains an entire downloadable booklet with photos and more plus demo video. >> Read more...
Russian Balaika These free plans are for a traditional 3-string, triangle-body Russian instrument known as the Balalaika. They were written by James H. Flynn, Jr. >> Read more...
Nail Violin The nail violin is a musical instrument was invented by German violinist Johann Wilde in 1740. It consists of a semicircular wooden soundboard with iron or brass nails of different lengths arranged to produce a chromatic scale when bowed with a violin bow. >> Read more...
Traditional 5-String Gourd Banjo Traditional style gourd banjo featuring a special features such as a double action trussrod and a method of adjusting the tension on the head The internal pot is a simple 6" cake tin, and the skin is a drum head, as they... >> Read more...
Fretless Bass These plans are archived as a downloadable PDF file, perfect for printing. In them, author "Bill" shows their schematic for making a primitive homemade bass guitar >> Read more...
Styrofoam Cooler Ukulele This has got to be the most alien-looking uke you'll ever see... BUT IT SOUNDS INCREDIBLE! Simply put, the Styrofoam Cooler Ukulele is nothing but a neck without a body and a huge cooler screwed to the butt end. >> Read more...
Funky Electric PVC Bass Guitar Make Magazine originally published these plans for a great working "Strung Out" PVC bass in 2009. We recently discovered that they archived the plans and info so that everyone could build their own. >> Read more...
This blog shares some column store database benchmark results, and compares the query performance of MariaDB ColumnStore v. 1.0.7 (based on InfiniDB), Clickhouse and Apache Spark.
I've already written about ClickHouse (Column Store database).
The purpose of the benchmark is to see how these three solutions work on a single big server, with many CPU cores and large amounts of RAM. Both systems are massively parallel (MPP) database systems, so they should use many cores for SELECT queries.
For the benchmarks, I chose three datasets:
Wikipedia page Counts, loaded full with the year 2008, ~26 billion rows Query analytics data from Percona Monitoring and Management Online shop orders
This blog post shares the results for the Wikipedia page counts (same queries as for the Clickhouse benchmark). In the following posts I will use other datasets to compare the performance.
Databases, Versions and Storage Engines Tested
MariaDB ColumnStore v. 1.0.7, ColumnStore storage engine
Yandex ClickHouse v. 1.1.54164, MergeTree storage engine
Apache Spark v. 2.1.0, Parquet files and ORC files
Although all of the above solutions can run in a “cluster” mode (with multiple nodes), I've only used one server.
Hardware
This time I'm using newer and faster hardware:
CPU: physical = 2, cores = 32, virtual = 64, hyperthreading = yes
RAM: 256Gb
Disk: Samsung SSD 960 PRO 1TB, NVMe card
Data Sizes
I've loaded the above data into Clickhouse, ColumnStore and MySQL (for MySQL the data included a primary key; Wikistat was not loaded to MySQL due to the size). MySQL tables are InnoDB with a primary key.
Dataset Size (GB) Column Store Clickhouse MySQL Spark / Parquet Spark / ORC file Wikistat 374.24 Gb 211.3 Gb n/a (> 2 Tb) 395 Gb 273 Gb Query metrics 61.23 Gb 28.35 Gb 520 Gb Store Orders 9.3 Gb 4.01 Gb 46.55 Gb
Query Performance
Wikipedia page counts queries
Test type (warm) Spark Clickhouse ColumnStore Query 1: count(*) 5.37 2.14 30.77 Query 2: group by month 205.75 16.36 259.09 Query 3: top 100 wiki pages by hits (group by path) 750.35 171.22 1640.7
Test type (cold) Spark Clickhouse ColumnStore Query 1: count(*) 21.93 8.01 139.01 Query 2: group by month 217.88 16.65 420.77 Query 3: top 100 wiki pages by hits (group by path) 887.434 182.56 1703.19
Partitioning and Primary Keys
All of the solutions have the ability to take advantage of data “partitioning,” and only scan needed rows.
Clickhouse has “primary keys” (for the MergeTree storage engine) and scans only the needed chunks of data (similar to partition “pruning” in MySQL). No changes to SQL or table definitions is needed when working with Clickhouse.
Clickhouse example:
:) select count(*), toMonth(date) as mon :-] from wikistat where toYear(date)=2008 :-] and toMonth(date) = 1 :-] group by mon :-] order by mon; SELECT count(*), toMonth(date) AS mon FROM wikistat WHERE (toYear(date) = 2008) AND (toMonth(date) = 1) GROUP BY mon ORDER BY mon ASC ┌────count()─┬─mon─┐ │ 2077594099 │ 1 │ └────────────┴─────┘ 1 rows in set. Elapsed: 0.787 sec. Processed 2.08 billion rows, 4.16 GB (2.64 billion rows/s., 5.28 GB/s.) :) select count(*), toMonth(date) as mon from wikistat where toYear(date)=2008 and toMonth(date) between 1 and 10 groups by mon order by mon; SELECT count(*), toMonth(date) AS mon FROM wikistat WHERE (toYear(date) = 2008) AND ((toMonth(date) >= 1) AND (toMonth(date) <= 10)) GROUP BY mon ORDER BY mon ASC ┌────count()─┬─mon─┐ │ 2077594099 │ 1 │ │ 1969757069 │ 2 │ │ 2081371530 │ 3 │ │ 2156878512 │ 4 │ │ 2476890621 │ 5 │ │ 2526662896 │ 6 │ │ 2460873213 │ 7 │ │ 2480356358 │ 8 │ │ 2522746544 │ 9 │ │ 2614372352 │ 10 │ └────────────┴─────┘ 10 rows in set. Elapsed: 13.426 sec. Processed 23.37 billion rows, 46.74 GB (1.74 billion rows/s., 3.48 GB/s.) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36 37 38 39 40 41 42 43 44 :) select count (*), toMonth( date ) as mon :-] from wikistat where toYear( date )=2008 :-] and toMonth( date ) = 1 :-] group by mon :-] order by mon; SELECT count (*), toMonth( date ) AS mon FROM wikistat WHERE (toYear( date ) = 2008) AND (toMonth( date ) = 1) GROUP BY mon ORDER BY mon ASC ┌──── count ()─┬─mon─┐ │ 2077594099 │ 1 │ └────────────┴─────┘ 1 rows in set . Elapsed: 0.787 sec. Processed 2.08 billion rows , 4.16 GB (2.64 billion rows / s., 5.28 GB / s.) :) select count (*), toMonth( date ) as mon from wikistat where toYear( date )=2008 and toMonth( date ) between 1 and 10 groups by mon order by mon; SELECT count (*), toMonth( date ) AS mon FROM wikistat WHERE (toYear( date ) = 2008) AND ((toMonth( date ) > = 1) AND (toMonth( date ) < = 10)) GROUP BY mon ORDER BY mon ASC ┌──── count ()─┬─mon─┐ │ 2077594099 │ 1 │ │ 1969757069 │ 2 │ │ 2081371530 │ 3 │ │ 2156878512 │ 4 │ │ 2476890621 │ 5 │ │ 2526662896 │ 6 │ │ 2460873213 │ 7 │ │ 2480356358 │ 8 │ │ 2522746544 │ 9 │ │ 2614372352 │ 10 │ └────────────┴─────┘ 10 rows in set . Elapsed: 13.426 sec. Processed 23.37 billion rows , 46.74 GB (1.74 billion rows / s., 3.48 GB / s.)
As we can see here, ClickHouse has processed ~two billion rows for one month of data, and ~23 billion rows for ten months of data. Queries that only select one month of data are much faster.
For ColumnStore we need to re-write the SQL query and use “between ‘2008-01-01' and 2008-01-10′” so it can take advantage of partition elimination (as long as the data is loaded in approximate time order). When using functions (i.e., year(dt) or month(dt)), the current implementation does not use this optimization. (This is similar to MySQL, in that if the WHERE clause has month(dt) or any other functions, MySQL can't use an index on the dt field.)
ColumnStore example:
MariaDB [wikistat]> select count(*), month(date) as mon -> from wikistat where year(date)=2008 -> and month(date) = 1 -> group by mon -> order by mon; +------------+------+ | count(*) | mon | +------------+------+ | 2077594099 | 1 | +------------+------+ 1 row in set (2 min 12.34 sec) MariaDB [wikistat]> select count(*), month(date) as mon from wikistat where date between '2008-01-01' and '2008-01-31' group by mon order by mon; +------------+------+ | count(*) | mon | +------------+------+ | 2077594099 | 1 | +------------+------+ 1 row in set (12.46 sec) 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 MariaDB [ wikistat ] > select count ( * ) , month ( date ) as mon -> from wikistat where year ( date ) = 2008 -> and month ( date ) = 1 -> group by mon -> order by mon ; + -- -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- + | count ( * ) | mon | + -- -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- + | 2077594099 | 1 | + -- -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- + 1 row in set ( 2 min 12.34 sec ) MariaDB [ wikistat ] > select count ( * ) , month ( date ) as mon from wikistat where date between '2008-01-01' and '2008-01-31' group by mon order by mon ; + -- -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- + | count ( * ) | mon | + -- -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- + | 2077594099 | 1 | + -- -- -- -- -- -- + -- -- -- + 1 row in set ( 12.46 sec )
Apache Spark does have partitioning however. It requires the use of partitioning with parquet format in the table definition. Without declaring partitions, even the modified query (“select count(*), month(date) as mon from wikistat where date between ‘2008-01-01' and ‘2008-01-31' group by mon order by mon”) will have to scan all the data.
The following table and graph shows the performance of the updated query:
Test type / updated query Spark Clickhouse ColumnStore group by month, one month, updated syntax 205.75 0.93 12.46 group by month, ten months, updated syntax 205.75 8.84 170.81
Working with Large Datasets
With 1Tb uncompressed data, doing a “GROUP BY” requires lots of memory to store the intermediate results (unlike MySQL, ColumnStore, Clickhouse and Apache Spark use hash tables to store groups by “buckets”). For example, this query requires a very large hash table:
SELECT path, count(*), sum(hits) AS sum_hits, round(sum(hits) / count(*), 2) AS hit_ratio FROM wikistat WHERE project = 'en' GROUP BY path ORDER BY sum_hits DESC LIMIT 100 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 SELECT path, count (*), sum (hits) AS sum_hits, round ( sum (hits) / count (*), 2) AS hit_ratio FROM wikistat WHERE project = 'en' GROUP BY path ORDER BY sum_hits DESC LIMIT 100
As “path” is actually a URL (without the hostname), it takes a lot of memory to store the intermediate results (hash table) for GROUP BY.
MariaDB ColumnStore does not allow us to “spill” data on disk for now (only disk-based joins are implemented). If you need to GROUP BY on a large text field, you can decrease the disk block cache setting in Columnstore.xml (i.e., set disk cache to 10% of RAM) to make room for an intermediate GROUP BY:
<DBBC> <!-- The percentage of RAM to use for the disk block cache. Defaults to 86% --> <NumBlocksPct>10</NumBlocksPct> 1 2 3 < DBBC > < ! -- The percentage of RAM to use for the disk block cache . Defaults to 86 % -- > < NumBlocksPct > 10 < / NumBlocksPct >
In addition, as the query has an ORDER BY, we need to increase max_length_for_sort_data in MySQL:
ERROR 1815 (HY000): Internal error: IDB-2015: Sorting length exceeded. Session variable max_length_for_sort_data needs to be set higher. mysql> set global max_length_for_sort_data=8*1024*1024; 1 2 ERROR 1815 (HY000): Internal error: IDB - 2015: Sorting length exceeded. Session variable max_length_for_sort_data needs to be set higher. mysql > set global max_length_for_sort_data = 8 * 1024 * 1024;
SQL Support
SQL Spark* Clickhouse ColumnStore INSERT … VALUES ✅ yes ✅ yes ✅ yes INSERT SELECT / BULK INSERT ✅ yes ✅ yes ✅ yes UPDATE ❌ no ❌ no ✅ yes DELETE ❌ no ❌ no ✅ yes ALTER … ADD/DROP/MODIFY COLUMN ❌ no ✅ yes ✅ yes ALTER … change paritions ✅ yes ✅ yes ✅ yes SELECT with WINDOW functions ✅ yes ❌ no ✅ yes
*Spark does not support UPDATE/DELETE. However, Hive supports ACID transactions with UPDATE and DELETE statements. BEGIN, COMMIT, and ROLLBACK are not yet supported (only the ORC file format is supported).
ColumnStore is the only database out of the three that supports a full set of DML and DDL (almost all of the MySQL's implementation of SQL is supported).
Comparing ColumnStore to Clickhouse and Apache Spark
Solution Advantages Disadvantages MariaDB ColumnStore MySQL frontend (make it easy to migrate from MySQL)
UPDATE and DELETE are supported
Window functions support Select queries are slower
No replication from normal MySQL server (planned for the future versions)
No support for GROUP BY on disk Yandex ClickHouse The Fastest performance
Better compression
Primary keys
Disk-based GROUP BY, etc. No MySQL protocol support Apache Spark Flexible storage options
Machine learning integration (i.e., pyspark ML libraries run inside spark nodes) No MySQL protocol support
Slower select queries (compared to ClickHouse)
Conclusion
Yandex ClickHouse is an absolute winner in this benchmark: it shows both better performance (>10x) and better compression than
MariaDB ColumnStore and Apache Spark. If you are looking for the best performance and compression, ClickHouse looks very good.
At the same time, ColumnStore provides a MySQL endpoint (MySQL protocol and syntax), so it is a good option if you are migrating from MySQL. Right now, it can't replicate directly from MySQL but if this option is available in the future we can attach a ColumnStore replication slave to any MySQL master and use the slave for reporting queries (i.e., BI or data science teams can use a ColumnStore database, which is updated very close to realtime).
Table Structure and List of Queries
Table structure (MySQL / Columnstore version):
CREATE TABLE `wikistat` ( `date` date DEFAULT NULL, `time` datetime DEFAULT NULL, `project` varchar(20) DEFAULT NULL, `subproject` varchar(2) DEFAULT NULL, `path` varchar(1024) DEFAULT NULL, `hits` bigint(20) DEFAULT NULL, `size` bigint(20) DEFAULT NULL ) ENGINE=Columnstore DEFAULT CHARSET=utf8 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 CREATE TABLE `wikistat` ( ` date ` date DEFAULT NULL , ` time ` datetime DEFAULT NULL , `project` varchar (20) DEFAULT NULL , `subproject` varchar (2) DEFAULT NULL , `path` varchar (1024) DEFAULT NULL , `hits` bigint (20) DEFAULT NULL , `size` bigint (20) DEFAULT NULL ) ENGINE = Columnstore DEFAULT CHARSET = utf8
Query 1:
select count(*) from wikistat 1 select count (*) from wikistat
Query 2a (full scan):
select count(*), month(dt) as mon from wikistat where year(dt)=2008 and month(dt) between 1 and 10 groups by month(dt) order by month(dt) 1 2 3 4 5 select count (*), month (dt) as mon from wikistat where year (dt)=2008 and month (dt) between 1 and 10 groups by month (dt) order by month (dt)
Query 2b (for partitioning test)
select count(*), month(date) as mon from wikistat where date between '2008-01-01' and '2008-10-31' group by mon order by mon; 1 2 3 4 5 select count (*), month ( date ) as mon from wikistat where date between '2008-01-01' and '2008-10-31' group by mon order by mon;
Query 3:
SELECT path, count(*), sum(hits) AS sum_hits, round(sum(hits) / count(*), 2) AS hit_ratio FROM wikistat WHERE project = 'en' GROUP BY path ORDER BY sum_hits DESC LIMIT 100; 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 SELECT path, count (*), sum (hits) AS sum_hits, round ( sum (hits) / count (*), 2) AS hit_ratio FROM wikistat WHERE project = 'en' GROUP BY path ORDER BY sum_hits DESC LIMIT 100;
Rep. Trent Franks, R-Ariz., is calling for the resignation of Robert Mueller, the special counsel for the Russia investigation, and says Mueller has a conflict of interest because he's close friends with former FBI Director James Comey.
Franks, a member of the House Freedom Caucus who sits on the Judiciary Committee, said another major problem is that members of Mueller's team donated to Hillary Clinton's campaign last year.
"Bob Mueller is in clear violation of federal code and must resign to maintain the integrity of the investigation into alleged Russian ties," Franks said. "Those who worked under them have attested they and Jim Comey possess a close friendship, and they have delivered on-the-record statements effusing praise of one another."
"No one knows Mr. Mueller's true intentions, but neither can anyone dispute that they now clearly appears to be a partisan arbiter of justice. Accordingly, the law is also explicitly clear: they must step down based on this conflict of interest," Franks said.
"Already, this investigation has become suspect – reports have revealed at least four members of Mueller's team on the Russia probe donated to support Hillary Clinton for President, as President Trump pointed out. These obviously deliberate partisan hirings do not help convey impartiality," Franks said. "Until Mueller resigns, they will be in clear violation of the law, a reality that fundamentally undermines their role as Special Counsel and attending ability to execute the law."
In recent weeks, the drumbeat from Trump supporters against Mueller has intensified. Some have speculated that Trump may fire Attorney General Jeff Sessions after a series of disparaging statements due in large part to their recusal from the investigation, and push for Mueller's ouster from the investigation.
Trump has repeatedly labeled the investigation a "witch hunt" and has maintained that they committed no wrongdoing.
I have more than once in my time woken up feeling like death. But nothing prepared me for the early morning last June when I came to consciousness feeling as if I were actually shackled to my own corpse. The whole cave of my chest and thorax seemed to have been hollowed out and then refilled with slow-drying cement. I could faintly hear myself breathe but could not manage to inflate my lungs. My heart was beating either much too much or much too little. Any movement, however slight, required forethought and planning. It took strenuous effort for me to cross the room of my New York hotel and summon the emergency services. They arrived with great dispatch and behaved with immense courtesy and professionalism. I had the time to wonder why they needed so many boots and helmets and so much heavy backup equipment, but now that I view the scene in retrospect I see it as a very gentle and firm deportation, taking me from the country of the well across the stark frontier that marks off the land of malady. Within a few hours, having had to do quite a lot of emergency work on my heart and my lungs, the physicians at this sad border post had shown me a few other postcards from the interior and told me that my immediate next stop would have to be with an oncologist. Some kind of shadow was throwing itself across the negatives. The previous evening, I had been launching my latest book at a successful event in New Haven. The night of the terrible morning, I was supposed to go on The Daily Show with Jon Stewart and then appear at a sold-out event at the 92nd Street Y, on the Upper East Side, in conversation with Salman Rushdie. My very short-lived campaign of denial took this form: I would not cancel these appearances or let down my friends or miss the chance of selling a stack of books. I managed to pull off both gigs without anyone noticing anything amiss, though I did vomit two times, with an extraordinary combination of accuracy, neatness, violence, and profusion, just before each show. This is what citizens of the sick country do while they are still hopelessly clinging to their old domicile. The new land is quite welcoming in its way. Everybody smiles encouragingly and there appears to be absolutely no racism. A generally egalitarian spirit prevails, and those who run the place have obviously got where they are on merit and hard work. As against that, the humor is a touch feeble and repetitive, there seems to be almost no talk of sex, and the cuisine is the worst of any destination I have ever visited. The country has a language of its own—a lingua franca that manages to be both dull and difficult and that contains names like ondansetron, for anti-nausea medication—as well as some unsettling gestures that require a bit of getting used to. For example, an official met for the first time may abruptly sink their fingers into your neck. That's how I discovered that my cancer had spread to my lymph nodes, and that one of these deformed beauties—located on my right clavicle, or collarbone—was big enough to be seen and felt. It's not at all good when your cancer is “palpable” from the outside. Especially when, as at this stage, they didn't even know where the primary source was. Carcinoma works cunningly from the inside out. Detection and treatment often work more slowly and gropingly, from the outside in. Many needles were sunk into my clavicle area—“Tissue is the issue” being a hot slogan in the local Tumorville tongue—and I was told the biopsy results might take a week. Working back from the cancer-ridden squamous cells that these first results disclosed, it took rather longer than that to discover the disagreeable truth. The word “metastasized” was the one in the report that first caught my eye, and ear. The alien had colonized a bit of my lung as well as quite a bit of my lymph node. And its original base of operations was located—had been located for quite some time—in my esophagus. My father had died, and very swiftly, too, of cancer of the esophagus. They were 79. I am 61. In whatever kind of “race” life may be, I have very abruptly become a finalist. In whatever kind of “race” life may be, I have very abruptly become a finalist.
The notorious stage theory of Elisabeth Kübler-Ross, whereby one progresses from denial to rage through bargaining to depression and the eventual bliss of “acceptance,” hasn't so far had much application in my case. In one way, I suppose, I have been “in denial” for some time, knowingly burning the candle at both ends and finding that it often gives a lovely light. But for precisely that reason, I can't see myself smiting my brow with shock or hear myself whining about how it's all so unfair: I have been taunting the Reaper into taking a free scythe in my direction and have now succumbed to something so predictable and banal that it bores even me. Rage would be beside the point for the same reason. Instead, I am badly oppressed by a gnawing sense of waste. I had real plans for my next decade and felt I'd worked hard enough to earn it. Will I really not live to see my children married? To watch the World Trade Center rise again? To read—if not indeed write—the obituaries of elderly villains like Henry Kissinger and Joseph Ratzinger? But I understand this sort of non-thinking for what it is: sentimentality and self-pity. Of course my book hit the best-seller list on the day that I received the grimmest of news bulletins, and for that matter the last flight I took as a healthy-feeling person (to a fine, big audience at the Chicago Book Fair) was the one that made me a million-miler on United Airlines, with a lifetime of free upgrades to look forward to. But irony is my business and I just can't see any ironies here: would it be less poignant to get cancer on the day that my memoirs were remaindered as a box-office turkey, or that I was bounced from a coach-class flight and left on the tarmac? To the dumb question “Why me?” the cosmos barely bothers to return the reply: Why not? The bargaining stage, though. Maybe there's a loophole here. The oncology bargain is that, in return for at least the chance of a few more useful years, you agree to submit to chemotherapy and then, if you are lucky with that, to radiation or even surgery. So here's the wager: you stick around for a bit, but in return we are going to need some things from you. These things may include your taste buds, your ability to concentrate, your ability to digest, and the hair on your head. This certainly appears to be a reasonable trade. Unfortunately, it also involves confronting one of the most appealing clichés in our language. You've heard it all right. People don't have cancer: they are reported to be battling cancer. No well-wisher omits the combative image: You can beat this. It's even in obituaries for cancer losers, as if one might reasonably say of someone that they died after a long and brave struggle with mortality. You don't hear it about long-term sufferers from heart disease or kidney failure. Myself, I love the imagery of struggle. I sometimes wish I were suffering in a good cause, or risking my life for the good of others, instead of just being a gravely endangered patient. Allow me to inform you, though, that when you sit in a room with a set of other finalists, and kindly people bring a huge transparent bag of poison and plug it into your arm, and you either read or don't read a book while the venom sack gradually empties itself into your system, the image of the ardent soldier or revolutionary is the very last one that will occur to you. You feel swamped with passivity and impotence: dissolving in powerlessness like a sugar lump in water.
The Stone is a forum for contemporary philosophers and other thinkers on issues both timely and timeless.
Photo
What would you say if you found out that our public schools were teaching children that it is not true that it's wrong to kill people for fun or cheat on tests? Would you be surprised?
I was. As a philosopher, I already knew that many college-aged students don't believe in moral facts. While there are no national surveys quantifying this phenomenon, philosophy professors with whom I have spoken suggest that the overwhelming majority of college freshmen in their classrooms view moral claims as mere opinions that are not true or are true only relative to a culture.
A misleading distinction between fact and opinion is embedded in the Common Core.
What I didn't know was where this attitude came from. Given the presence of moral relativism in some academic circles, some people might naturally assume that philosophers themselves are to blame. But they aren't. There are historical examples of philosophers who endorse a kind of moral relativism, dating back at least to Protagoras who declared that “man is the measure of all things,” and several who deny that there are any moral facts whatsoever. But such creatures are rare. Besides, if students are already showing up to college with this view of morality, it's very unlikely that it's the result of what professional philosophers are teaching. So where is the view coming from?
A few weeks ago, I learned that students are exposed to this sort of thinking well before crossing the threshold of higher education. When I went to visit my son's second grade open house, I found a troubling pair of signs hanging over the bulletin board. They read:
Fact: Something that is true about a subject and can be tested or proven.
Opinion: What someone thinks, feels, or believes.
Hoping that this set of definitions was a one-off mistake, I went home and Googled “fact vs. opinion.” The definitions I found online were substantially the same as the one in my son's classroom. As it turns out, the Common Core standards used by a majority of K-12 programs in the country require that students be able to “distinguish among fact, opinion, and reasoned judgment in a text.” And the Common Core institute provides a helpful page full of links to definitions, lesson plans and quizzes to ensure that students can tell the difference between facts and opinions.
So what's wrong with this distinction and how does it undermine the view that there are objective moral facts?
First, the definition of a fact waffles between truth and proof — two obviously different features. Things can be true even if no one can prove them. For example, it could be true that there is life elsewhere in the universe even though no one can prove it. Conversely, many of the things we once “proved” turned out to be false. For example, many people once thought that the earth was flat. It's a mistake to confuse truth (a feature of the world) with proof (a feature of our mental lives). Furthermore, if proof is required for facts, then facts become person-relative. Something might be a fact for me if I can prove it but not a fact for you if you can't. In that case, E=MC2 is a fact for a physicist but not for me.
But second, and worse, students are taught that claims are either facts or opinions. They are given quizzes in which they must sort claims into one camp or the other but not both. But if a fact is something that is true and an opinion is something that is believed, then many claims will obviously be both. For example, I asked my son about this distinction after their open house. They confidently explained that facts were things that were true whereas opinions are things that are believed. We then had this conversation:
Me: “I believe that George Washington was the first president. Is that a fact or an opinion?”
Him: “It's a fact.”
Me: “But I believe it, and you said that what someone believes is an opinion.”
Him: “Yeah, but it's true.”
Me: “So it's both a fact and an opinion?”
The blank stare on their face said it all.
Related More From The Stone Read previous contributions to this series.
How does the dichotomy between fact and opinion relate to morality? I learned the answer to this question only after I investigated my son's homework (and other examples of assignments online). Kids are asked to sort facts from opinions and, without fail, every value claim is labeled as an opinion. Here's a little test devised from questions available on fact vs. opinion worksheets online: are the following facts or opinions?
— Copying homework assignments is wrong.
— Cursing in school is inappropriate behavior.
— All men are created equal.
— It is worth sacrificing some personal liberties to protect our country from terrorism.
— It is wrong for people under the age of 21 to drink alcohol.
— Vegetarians are healthier than people who eat meat.
— Drug dealers belong in prison.
The answer? In each case, the worksheets categorize these claims as opinions. The explanation on offer is that each of these claims is a value claim and value claims are not facts. This is repeated ad nauseum: any claim with good, right, wrong, etc. is not a fact.
In summary, our public schools teach students that all claims are either facts or opinions and that all value and moral claims fall into the latter camp. The punchline: there are no moral facts. And if there are no moral facts, then there are no moral truths.
The inconsistency in this curriculum is obvious. For example, at the outset of the school year, my son brought home a list of student rights and responsibilities. Had they already read the lesson on fact vs. opinion, they might have noted that the supposed rights of other students were based on no more than opinions. According to the school's curriculum, it certainly wasn't true that their classmates deserved to be treated a particular way — that would make it a fact. Similarly, it wasn't really true that they had any responsibilities — that would be to make a value claim a truth. It should not be a surprise that there is rampant cheating on college campuses: If we've taught our students for 12 years that there is no fact of the matter as to whether cheating is wrong, we can't very well blame them for doing so later on.
Indeed, in the world beyond grade school, where adults must exercise their moral knowledge and reasoning to conduct themselves in the society, the stakes are greater. There, consistency demands that we acknowledge the existence of moral facts. If it's not true that it's wrong to murder a cartoonist with whom one disagrees, then how can we be outraged? If there are no truths about what is good or valuable or right, how can we prosecute people for crimes against humanity? If it's not true that all humans are created equal, then why vote for any political system that doesn't benefit you over others?
Our schools do amazing things with our children. And they are, in a way, teaching moral standards when they ask students to treat one another humanely and to do their schoolwork with academic integrity. But at the same time, the curriculum sets our children up for doublethink. They are told that there are no moral facts in one breath even as the next tells them how they ought to behave.
We can do better. Our children deserve a consistent intellectual foundation. Facts are things that are true. Opinions are things we believe. Some of our beliefs are true. Others are not. Some of our beliefs are backed by evidence. Others are not. Value claims are like any other claims: either true or false, evidenced or not. The hard work lies not in recognizing that at least some moral claims are true but in carefully thinking through our evidence for which of the many competing moral claims is correct. That's a hard thing to do. But we can't sidestep the responsibilities that come with being human just because it's hard.
That would be wrong.
Justin P. McBrayer is an associate professor of philosophy at Fort Lewis College in Durango, Colo. They work in ethics and philosophy of religion.
By Grabthar's Hammer...tomorrow we'll have two incredibly fun posters for one of our favorite Sigourney Weaver sci-fi movies: GALAXY QUEST. If somehow you've never seen this movie, we recommend correcting that situation fairly quickly. The film is full of memorable characters and Andrew Kolb had the idea to design the posters featuring the crew and various alien species in the style of vintage toy packaging.
"When the guys approached me with GALAXY QUEST, I knew my only option was to figure out a way to respect both the film and the properties that inspired it. I had this huge list of character beats that I wanted to highlight and then it all came together: just like other franchises, this was perfect for an action figure line." - Andrew Kolb
These posters will go on sale at a random time tomorrow, June 2nd.
Galaxy Quest (Version 1) by Andrew Kolb
18"x24" Screen Print, Edition of 150
Printed by D&L Screenprinting
$40
Galaxy Quest (Version 1) by Andrew Kolb
18"x24" Screen Print, Edition of 150
Printed by D&L Screenprinting
$40
Please follow us on Twitter for the on sale announcement. These posters will be available online at a random time on Thursday, June 2nd.
Phil Jay
World Boxing News have been reliably informed that a fight between Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko is likely to take place on December 10.
Talks have been ongoing between the heavyweight juggernauts since Tyson Fury pulled out of a rematch with Klitschko on September 22, with promoter Eddie Hearn revealing a 70% chance of the fight going ahead to Sky Sports News HQ on Wednesday,
WBN have been told, and on good authority, that both sides are close to an agreement regarding a heavyweight title clash two weeks before Christmas. The venue was touted as London or Manchester but the former seems unlikely as there is a Madness concert that night, whilst Manchester Arena is open on the date.
Joshua, 26, is hoping to lay their version of the title on the line against the best top division operator of the past decade in a bid to further enhance their already soaring reputation at 200 pounds plus.
Klitschko, on the other hand, has been out of action for almost a year due to the Fury debacle, and the 40 year-old wants to get straight back in the mix for a recognised belt as time is not on theirs side.
An original date of November 26 was set for Joshua in Manchester to face one of three probably unworkable opponents, although the scale of a contest against a fighter of Klitschko's stature had bigger pulling power.
An announcement is expected to be made by Hearn and KMG over the next week or so, once Ricky Burns has completed their mandatory duties at super-lightweight against Kiryl Relikh this Friday, but as it stands Joshua v Klitschko is ‘close to being done' for the date in question unless something out of the ordinary drastically happens.
Chloe Koura
The Secret Caves Of Blackheath
Mention the Blackheath caves and most people won't know what you're talking about. Locals may remember the mysterious crater of April 2002, but there are proper caves in Blackheath, and have been since at least 1677.
In 1780, a local builder discovered an entrance to the three caverns, and seeing an opportunity, built a cottage around it to claim the land. They built 40 steps down, and began to charge sixpence for curious Georgians to enter Jack Cade's Caverns — named in honour of a man who assembled a small army on Blackheath in 1450 to revolt against the corrupt power of King Henry VI.
Toxic fumes were a hazard in the caverns and 19-year-old Lucy Talbot fainted and later died because of this. The proprietors installed a ventilation system, consisting of a shaft and a pair of bellows, and the underground curiosity soon became a hotspot for parties and debauchery.
A bar was installed, and a chandelier apparently hung from the roof, making the caverns the go-to place for balls, alcohol and, by some accounts, naked women. The raucousness came to the attention of the authorities who closed up the caverns in 1853 (newspaper reports vary between 1852 and 1854).
Several unsuccessful attempts were later made by the local council to reopen the caverns, and at the start of the second world war, they were considered as an option for an air raid shelter. When the council went to assess their suitability, they found Victorian graffiti, wine bottles, and other remnants of its hedonistic history. The caverns had the potential to house hundreds of people, but were deemed structurally unsound, and were closed again.
Lincolnshire Echo, Tuesday 31 October 1939 (c) British Newspaper Archive
The most likely explanation for the appearance of the caves is chalk mining. In 1677, William Steers was fined £40 for mining underneath Blackheath Hill and causing wagons to overturn. Blackheath is rich in chalk and there are accounts of other chalk mines in the area. It has been suggested (for instance in Jo Swinnerton's London Pocket Companion) that the caverns were created as early as the 5th century, as a safe space to hide from the Saxons, and later Danish invaders, following the withdrawal of the Romans.
The cavern is north west of the Heath and south west of Greenwich Park. Different accounts locate it in different places; the extreme end of the back garden of No.69 Maidenstone Hill; the end of Cavern Cottages; Hollymount Close; and the back of Trinity Church, which was demolished in 1951. The row of Cavern Cottages ended at Trinity Church (where Cade Tyler House now stands), a site less than 0.2 miles from Hollymount Close. Both are on Blackheath Hill, metres from the 2002 sinkhole.
One man claims to have found the entrance in the garden of a terraced house on Blackheath Hill — 40ft deep, sealed with sand and covered with railway sleepers. Several reports give its location as 77 Maidenstone Hill, which is between the lawn of Hollymount Close and Cade Tyler House, and after some research, we reckon that this is most likely location.
Sheffield Independent, 19 November 1906 (c) British Newspaper Archive
As far as we know, it's impossible to get into the Blackheath Caverns, but if you know differently, let us know in the comments below. In the meantime, why not satisfy your subterranean curiosity with a trip to Chislehurst Caves?
Newspaper cuttings courtesy of British Newspaper Archive.
George Zimmerman, left, arrives in Seminole circuit court, with their wife Shellie, on the 11th day of their trial, in Sanford, Fla., Monday, June 24, 2013. Joe Burbank
(CBS/AP) --A Florida court is set to take up whether prosecutors may introduce evidence and testimony about suspected murderer George Zimmerman's college coursework in criminal justice, their job application to a police agency in Virginia and an application for a ride-along with Sanford police officers.
PICTURES: George Zimmerman on trial in death of Fla. teen
PICTURES: George Zimmerman crime scene photos
READ: Trayvon Martin Shooting: A timeline of events
Prosecutors argued the evidence could speak to Zimmerman's knowledge of law enforcement and of Florida's self-defense laws. Prosecutors are attempting to prove Zimmerman was a "wannabe cop" who killed Florida teen Trayvon Martin "because they wanted to," not in self-defense as they claim.
On Tuesday afternoon, the defense objected to the jury viewing the possible evidence, calling it "irrelevant." The objection prompted a half-hour recess as both sides prepared to argue the issue before Circuit Judge Debra Nelson, but Nelson opted to take up the matter Wednesday morning.
Zimmerman is standing trial in the shooting death of Martin during an altercation last year in Zimmerman's Sanford, Fla. gated community, where Zimmerman had launched a neighborhood watch program. Tuesday marked the seventh day of testimony in the trial.
VIDEO: Zimmerman trial: Prosecutor opens with profanity
On Tuesday, prosecutors showed the jury Zimmerman's interview last year with Fox News television host Sean Hannity. In the interview, Zimmerman said that they had no knowledge of Florida's controversial "stand your ground" statute prior to the altercation.
O'Mara said it was "unfair" and "inappropriate" that prosecutors should introduce the interview only in an apparent attempt to refute Zimmerman's statements later.
"It's not like they're trying to introduce that they took a humanities case or sixth grade geography class, it's specific," Nelson said before the recess. "....They're allowed to present evidence on their theory of the case just as the defense is allowed to cross-examine the witness based on your theory of the case."
The court was scheduled to take up the issue again at 8:30 a.m. Wednesday.
Have too many photos hogging space on your Android device? Google can help.
The Web giant on Tuesday started rolling out some handy new features for Android users of its Google Photos service, including a tool designed to help you free up some storage space on your device.
On the Settings screen, you'll now see an option labeled "Free Up Space," which will let you bulk delete copies of photos that have already been backed up from your phone or tablet. To prevent copies from being deleted by mistake, Google Photos will ask you to double confirm your intent before wiping them from your device, according to Google Project Engineer John Elstone.
Another new feature will let you downgrade previously uploaded photos from Original quality (full resolution) to High quality (a smaller, compressed file). Keep in mind that high-quality images don't count against your storage quota while original-quality snaps do.
The downgrade option will be rolling out on the Web on Wednesday. To downgrade to High quality, visit the Google Photos Settings page from your computer and click Recover Storage.
"If a user joined Google Photos and selected the 'Original quality' setting for their photos, but changed their mind, they could have future media backed up in 'High quality,'" Elstone explained in a Google+ post. "However, for media already backed up in 'Original quality' before then, users were in an awkward state: they had no way to downgrade that media to 'High quality.'"
Meanwhile, if you do back up your photos in High quality, you also may now receive a message asking if you want to bulk delete the copies from your device when your phone or tablet is reaching its storage limit. Until now, this feature has only been available for those backing up images in Original quality.
Finally, Google is also rolling out a fix that should prevent photos from popping up over and over, even after being deleted. Turns out, you'll need to delete the images from your device's SD card to get rid of them completely, and now you can.
Only someone as brazenly arrogant as Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz could claim their own irresponsible behavior as a civic virtue.
The former Democratic Party chair insists they “did the right thing” by not firing an IT aide after being warned they were under criminal investigation, “and I would do it again.”
Not only did they stand by Imran Awan, they tried to stonewall Capitol Hill investigators and even threatened them with “consequences” if they didn't back off.
Awan is now charged with bank fraud — but that's the least of the story, which they chalk up entirely to anti-Muslim bias.
They allegedly arranged a fraudulent credit-union loan that was then wrapped in a $283,000 wire transfer to Pakistan just weeks after they learned they were under investigation for stolen computer equipment.
Awan had worked for dozens of top Democrats since 2004, starting with Queens' own Rep. Gregory Meeks. In February, they all fired them after learning they were suspected of secretly accessing members' computers and transferring files to remote servers.
All but Wasserman Schultz, that is.
They kept them on the payroll, even after smashed hard drives were found at their home and after Awan's wife — also on Congress' payroll, with four other relatives — fled the country with their three young daughters, whom she'd suddenly pulled out of school.
Court documents also accuse the Awan family cabal of bankruptcy fraud, life insurance fraud, tax fraud and extortion.
And they likely had access to the accounts of members of the House Intelligence and Foreign Affairs committees, and so to classified information.
Awan themselves was arrested while trying to leave for Pakistan, via Qatar. But Wasserman Schultz still pooh-poohs any suggestion they were trying to flee the country.
It's bad enough that they willingly turned a blind eye to a potential national-security scandal. They shouldn't pretend they did so to protect the Constitution.
A leading international watchdog on Thursday accused an al-Qaeda-linked rebel group that controls large parts of northern Syria of running secret prisons in which torture and summary killings are common.
The allegations by Amnesty International came just hours after the UN General Assembly approved a resolution condemning "widespread" violations by Syrian government forces.
In an 18-page report, the Britain-based watchdog said one of the most powerful armed groups on Syria's opposition side, known as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, has "ruthlessly flouted the rights of local people" in territory that the group, along with moderate rebel factions, seized over the past two years from President Bashar al-Assad's forces.
Flogging anyone, let alone children, is cruel and inhuman, and a gross abuse of human rights . - Philip Luther, Amnesty's director for the Middle East and North Africa
Children as young as eight are held along with adults in seven ISIL-run detention facilities in Syria's Aleppo and Raqqa provinces, Amnesty said. Many are often held for challenging ISIL's rule, petty crimes like theft or for committing purported "crimes against Islam" such as smoking cigarettes.
Human rights groups have said both sides in Syria's nearly three-year-old conflict have violated the rules of war.
They've long claimed that Assad's government has arbitrarily detained tens of thousands of Syrians on suspicion they were opposition supporters. Abuses on the rebel side are growing, but have not reached the scale and intensity of those by the government, activists say.
Amnesty's findings were based on interviews with former detainees who detailed abuses they themselves experienced or provided accounts about what others held with them endured at the hands of the Islamic group, including flogging with rubber belts or generator cables, electric shocks and forced stress positions.
Secret prisons
Former detainees told Amnesty that they were abducted by masked gunmen, who took them to undisclosed locations, where they were held for up to 55 days. Some never learned where they had been held, but Amnesty said that based on their testimonies the watchdog identified ISIL prisons at three locations in the city of Raqqa that earlier this year became the first urban centre to have fallen entirely under opposition's control.
Amnesty also identified two other prisons in an oil facility in Raqqa province, and two detention facilities run by the Islamic group in the neighbouring Aleppo province.
Several children were among detainees who received severe floggings, according to testimonies obtained by Amnesty.
Two detainees told Amnesty they saw a teenager of about 14 flogged with more than 90 lashes during an interrogation by ISIL captors in one of the detention facilities in Raqqa. Another youth, also about 14, whom the al-Qaeda-linked group accused of stealing a motorbike, was repeatedly flogged over several days, Amnesty's report says.
"Flogging anyone, let alone children, is cruel and inhuman, and a gross abuse of human rights," said Philip Luther, Amnesty's director for the Middle East and North Africa.
In New York on Wednesday, the General Assembly approved a resolution expressing outrage at "widespread and systematic gross violations" by Syrian authorities. The resolution was initiated by Saudi Arabia on behalf of dozens of countries, including the United States.
And while General Assembly resolutions are not legally binding, they offer a strong expression of world opinion — in this case, the civil war in Syria, where nearly three years of fighting between the Syrian troops and opposition forces has killed more than 120,000 people.
The Gear VR powered coasters include complex gameplay and use of the passthrough camera.
When Six Flags first joined forces with Samsung last Spring to include Gear VR headsets on rides at theme parks across the country, it was unclear how first-time VR users would react. But based on some of the reactions we've seen from riders, adding VR to roller coasters kinda made sense, refreshing existing coasters and taking the entire ride experience to a new level of interactivity.
Now the two companies are doubling down once again on VR roller coasters, renewing their collaboration with the unveiling of The New Revolution Galactic Attack ride at Six Flags Magic Mountain near Los Angeles and Six Flags Discovery Kingdom, near San Francisco.
A new innovative twist on the VR roller coaster, the new ride experience will include complex gameplay, where riders make key decisions during the course of the ride that can affect their scoring at the end. And for the first-time, riders donning Gear VR headsets will be introduced to the device's passthrough camera functionality, instantly making riders aware of their surroundings, by allowing them to see the “real world,” including the person seated next to them — along with virtual content.
Although varying levels of game interactivity have been present at Six Flags VR roller coasters in the past, marrying that with the use of mixed reality technology in this new ride is quite groundbreaking.
According to Samsung, as you get settled into the ride, a heads-up display overlay on the passthrough camera view will show you data like current status of weaponry, time codes, fuel cells, and a countdown clock. As you begin to crest the massive lift hill, a swirling wormhole comes into view. As you drop at high speeds, the mixed reality view changes to a completely immersive VR environment and a fighter spaceship cockpit materializes and envelops you into a tunnel of light. At the bottom of the first hill, you are launched into the middle of a space battle, coming under attack from flying drones firing lasers and missiles. After swinging through tight channels, narrowly dodging drones and artillery fire, you are brought into one of three drone bays, each of which offer a completely different gaming experience and three different endings.
To commemorate the opening weekend of The New Revolution Galactic Attack on February 18-20, both parks are “attacking” hunger by hosting a food drive. Every paid guest or season pass holder who brings a full bag of non-perishable food items to support local regional food banks will be given an exclusive opportunity to enjoy the VR ride experience before it opens to the public the following weekend, February 25-26 at Six Flags Magic Mountain and February 20 at Six Flags Discovery Kingdom.
If you stop by Six Flags Magic Mountain you can experience Galactic Attack on The New Revolution. If you make your way to Six Flags Discovery Kingdom, The New Revolution Galactic Attack VR can be experienced on Kong, the park's floorless looping coaster. Both rides are free with park admission.
If you do end up checking out the ride, we'd love to see your reaction videos, so feel free to hit us up on Twitter or Facebook.
The Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge have reclaimed the title of the best Android smartphone for Samsung, and a big part of their appeal stems from the excellent 16-megapixel camera that they share. It turns out, however, that not every handset has the exact same camera: some phones use a Sony IMX240 imaging sensor while others are equipped with Samsung's own ISOCELL sensor. This appears to be an effort to pad out inadequate supply of whichever sensor is Samsung's first choice, and isn't determined by whether you buy an S6 or Edge variant of the phone.
When contacted by The Verge, Samsung explained that it sets stringent quality standards for the user experience of its phones and only uses components that live up to those expectations. In other words, you'll have an awesome 16-megapixel camera, no matter the particulars of the hardware inside:
"The Galaxy S6 and S6 Edge utilize camera sensors from several different vendors. Like all of the technology used in our products, they meet our strict global quality and performance standards."
Samsung declined to elaborate on how the different Sony and Samsung sensors are distributed geographically, or the specific reason for why a universal part isn't used across the entire range. SamMobile has already managed to perform a side-by-side comparison between the two Galaxy S6 camera versions, and the results seem to agree with Samsung's self-assessment. Image quality in the sample images appears to be a tie between the two sensors, with Samsung's ISOCELL showing a slight advantage with a better white balance than the Sony chip.
I moved out of the house just before my 19th birthday. I'm sure my mother must have thought, at that age, that she'd done everything they could to teach me how to take care of myself and be a good person.
Gawd was I ever lost.
Despite their best efforts, (she taught me how to do laundry, cook a few things, gave me advice on getting good credit, etc.), there were still many things I didn't know, and life during my twenties became a crash course in getting by. But I survived, and I learned all the lessons I needed to in the process, growing and changing to become the fully formed adult that I was meant to be.
I'm teaching my son earlier so he's more prepared than I was. At 10 they got into the habit of keeping their room clean. At 11 they learned how to budget and save. At 12 they basically had the laundry down. At 13 they now cook dinner once a week for the family. Like my mother, I've tried to teach them along the way all of the other important lessons as well, like being kind to others, being fair and just, how to make good decisions, etc. And like my mother, I hope when they move out they will be able to take care of themselves and be a good person.
I'm sure my son will also learn their own lessons, despite everything I've done, because that's an important part of their life and their development.
The same rules apply when you write a novel and send it out on submission.
I'm about to send my manuscript to literary agents. I'm about 20 pages from the end, and have been editing like crazy. I hope my characters stand on their own two feet. I hope the themes carry through the way I've molded them to. I hope everything comes together in the end so that my book baby can have a great and prosperous life beyond my hovering and nitpicking.
Like every parent, I've received well-meaning advice from many people. While I know that they are only trying to help me, and as much as I appreciate it, I intend to send it out when I feel it's ready with the confidence that I've done my absolute best. (Thankfully manuscripts cannot run away.)
I know that my novel is going to go through changes once it gets out into the world, just like everyone who's ever left the nest. I know it will return to me soon after, with many questions, and still need my help growing and evolving, and I'm okay with that. But there always comes a time, as a parent, and an author, when you have to say, “I've done my best, and now it's time to go forward and have your own journey, my precious.”
Published on • 252 views •
The new £1 coin will feature a drawing by a 15-year-old who has won a competition to design the "tails" side.
David Pearce, from Walsall, was told the news by Chancellor George Osborne, who said the image would be "recognised by millions in the years ahead".
It features the four plants associated with the four nations that make up the UK.
The new coin has the same shape as the old 12-sided threepence piece (3d) - not used since 1971.
Find out more about the secrets of the coins in your pockets
More related stories The Queen gets a facelift on coins
"I was really excited to hear that I had won the competition to design the new £1 coin but hugely shocked as well," said David.
"I heard about the competition through my design teacher at school and I thought I had nothing to lose so I decided to enter.
"I spent a lot of time researching what coin designs looked like and what sort of designs would represent all parts of the UK before submitting my idea and I honestly cannot believe I have won."
Their design features the leek, thistle, shamrock and rose, coming out of a royal coronet, or crown.
The Chancellor rang the teenager to tell them the news.
"Designing the new £1 coin was a brilliant opportunity to leave a lasting legacy on what will be the most secure coin in circulation anywhere," they said
"The competition captured the imagination of thousands of people and David Pearce's winning design will be recognised by millions in the years ahead.
"It was fantastic to congratulate them and other young entrants in person in Downing Street."
David beat competition from more than 6,000 entries and will see their design in circulation in 2017.
The £1 is being replaced for the first time in more than 30 years because of fears it is now easier to counterfeit.
It will become the most secure coin in circulation because of its bi-metallic construction and new anti-counterfeiting technology, the Royal Mint says.
Follow @BBCNewsbeat on Twitter, BBCNewsbeat on Instagram and Radio1Newsbeat on YouTube
In the 1930s, a church group commissioned a film "to strike fear in the hearts of young people tempted to smoke marijuana." But it was not until the 1970s that Reefer Madness—billed as “the original classic that was not afraid to make up the truth” due to its grotesque portrayal of the supposed dangers of marijuana—obtained cult status.
After the scare tactics of the 1930s, U.S. marijuana policy varied depending on the political climate, even as scientific research consistently debunked extreme claims that the plant caused uncontrollable violent behavior, physical addiction, and insanity.
Then on June 17, 1971, President Richard Nixon launched their signature “war on drugs.” The new crackdown on illegal drug use shifted the issue from a local health and public safety problem to a series of federal agencies under the direct control of the president. President Ronald Reagan later doubled down on the drug war, ushering in an age of mass incarceration.
The invented threat of reefer madness has been replaced with the real disaster of drug war madness.
The drug war model not only criminalized but also, like teh film before it, demonized illegal drug dealing and use—and the individuals involved—in moralistic and military terms. In many states, selling marijuana carried longer sentences than murder. Although the abuse of legal drugs now kills more people than illegal drugs, the architects of the drug war continues to promote the view that it is some inherent evil of the substance, rather than the way individuals and groups use it, that determines whether a drug is a threat to society or an accepted social custom.
Why Punish Pain?
A hit of compassion could keep drugs from becoming a crime problem.
The Drug Policy Alliance has revealed that U.S. authorities arrest some 800,000 people a year for marijuana use. Two-thirds of those incarcerated in state prisons for drug offenses are black or Hispanic, even though consumption rates for whites are equal. Largely because of drug laws and draconian enforcement, the United States has become the world champion in imprisoning its own people, often destroying the hopes and futures of its youth. The United States spends more than $51 billion a year on the domestic war on drugs alone.
Exporting the War
The export version of the drug war has an even darker side. It makes the implicit racism of the domestic war overt. Foreign drug lords are stereotypically portrayed as the root of an evil enterprise that, in fact, takes place mostly in the United States, where street sales generate the multibillion-dollar profits of the business. Under the guise of the drug war, the U.S. government has sponsored military responses in other countries that the Constitution prohibits domestically—for good reasons.
Attention is diverted from the social roots of drug abuse and addiction at home to a foreign threat to the American way of life—a way of life that, regardless of one's moral beliefs, has always been characterized by the widespread use of mind-altering drugs. The false war model of good vs. evil, ally vs. enemy precludes many community-based solutions that have proven to be far more effective. U.S. taxpayers pay billions of dollars to fumigate foreign lands, pursue drug traffickers, and patrol borders as well as land and sea routes to intercept shipments.
None of this has worked. More than a decade and $8 billion into Plan Colombia, that Andean nation is the number-one cocaine producer in the world. Mexico has exploded into violence as the arrests and killings of cartel leaders spark turf battles that bathe whole regions in blood.
Mexican citizens have also taken to the streets to proclaim the war on drugs directly responsible for the growing bloodshed in their country.
Last month, 52 people lost their lives in an attack on a casino in Monterrey, Mexico. The news shocked Mexico since it represents yet another escalation of violence, but it's become almost routine alongside daily drug-war deaths. For U.S. citizens, it was further proof that Mexico is under an assault by organized crime.
According to some Mexican researchers, the sudden rise in violence in Mexico correlates directly to when President Felipe Calderon launched their crackdown in the war on drugs by sending troops and federal police into the streets in 2006. Meanwhile, Mexican citizens have also taken to the streets to proclaim the war on drugs directly responsible for the growing bloodshed in their country and demand a change in strategy. Calderon has refused to consider alternative models.
Obama's Drug-War Failure
This year the Global Commission on Drug Policy released a report that concludes that “Political leaders and public figures should have the courage to articulate publicly what many of them acknowledge privately: that the evidence overwhelmingly demonstrates that repressive strategies will not solve the drug problem, and that the war on drugs has not, and cannot, be won.”
Instead, the Obama administration has added fist and firepower to the drug wars. Ignoring 40 years of policy failure, Obama has broken campaign promises to seek a more humane and effective drug policy. Their administration has failed to support international harm reduction models, reversed a decision not to go after state medical marijuana regimes voted by popular referendums, reaffirmed marijuana's classification as a schedule 1 controlled substance with no medical value, and expanded drug wars in Mexico and Central America.
The United States has become the world champion in imprisoning its own people.
The government reprehensibly continues to expand the failed drug war in the face of the budget crisis and drastic cutbacks in schools, healthcare, and basic social programs. A good example is the multimillion-dollar boondoggle called the “Merida Initiative.” Under this ill-conceived regional security cooperation measure, the United States sends intelligence and defense equipment and provides military and police training for Mexico and, to a lesser degree, Central American countries. This drug-war strategy has increased violence in Mexico and led to a severe deterioration in public safety, rule of law, and human rights. The resources go to Mexican security forces notorious for corruption and even complicity with organized crime.
Photo by Fronteras Desk
The results of the drug war in Mexico have been nothing short of catastrophic. Since it began, nearly 50,000 Mexicans have lost their lives in drug-war-related violence. Hundreds of thousands of people have been forced to leave their homes, children have been orphaned and traumatized, men, and thousands have been kidnapped and still missing.
The attacks on cartels—including the killing or capture of leaders—spark turf wars that rage throughout Mexico, with the worst concentrated along the northern border. In response, some cartels have reorganized, with splinter groups frequently employing far more violent tactics than their parent organizations. Military operations have pushed the violence around the country in what experts call a “whack-a-mole” strategy that shows no signs of letting up.
The invented threat of reefer madness has been replaced with the real disaster of drug war madness—government perseverance with lethal and ineffective policies. The drug war, with its exaggerated claims and mistaken focus on confronting drug trafficking with police and military force, has cost the United States and its targeted suppliers like Colombia and Mexico millions of dollars and thousands of lives.
In the United States, drug-policy reform turns up at the top of lists of issues for town-hall discussions.
In Mexico, a peace movement has arisen against the drug war. It has opened up dialogue with the government but been met with an absolute refusal to consider other options. In the United States, drug-policy reform turns up at the top of lists of issues for town-hall discussions, but politicians dismiss the issue because it's taboo or too risky for their political aspirations.
Policymakers must come to their senses regarding the madness of the drug-war strategy. If they don't voluntarily propose reforms, then citizens will have to force them to do so.
Interested?
Wells Fargo broadcasted their support for the trans community in Charlotte, North Carolina on Thursday night by lighting up their office building with the colors of the trans flag, proving that the state is not completely filled with horrible bigots.
The Duke Energy Center tower, a 54-story building owned by the company, illuminated the Charlotte night sky in blue, pink, and white in the shape of an upside-down triangle on March 31. The event coincided with Trans Day of Visibility, an internationally-observed day of trans pride and awareness.
In an interview with the Charlotte Observer, a spokesperson for the company explained their decision to publicly showcase their status as trans allies. Both were made in response to members of the state House and Senate's decision to sign House Bill 2 into law, an act that, in the words of NC Senate member Jeff Jackson, now allows “any business in the state [to] refuse service to any LGBT person—even by just posting a sign that says, ‘No Gays Allowed.'”
Here's Wells Fargo told the Observer:
“As a reflection of our company's vision and values, Wells Fargo has a long history of support against discrimination of any kind and for LGBT rights overall. This is fundamental to who we are as a company and what we stand for in terms of equality and basic human rights. [Wells Fargo] opposes laws that would allow people or businesses to discriminate against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender community members or individuals.”
Advertisement
While many companies and corporations like Wells Fargo have spoken out against the measure, North Carolina lawmakers, including GOP governor Pat McCrory, have stood by the decision.
At a press conference on March 28, McCrory went as far as to claim that “[North Carolina lawmakers] have not taken away any rights that have currently existed in any city in North Carolina, from Raleigh to Durham to Chapel Hill to Charlotte,” in relation to discriminatory practices and housing ordinances. (He's wrong.)
“Every city and every corporation has the exact same discrimination policy this week as they had two weeks ago,” McCrory (egregiously) added.
Advertisement
The push-back against the anti-discrimination ordinance has been brewing for some time. Back in May 2015, Charlotte council member Kenny Smith made a statement regarding their (and by virtue of their position, the city's) stance on the choice to deny trans folk access to public restrooms—one of the other unfortunate byproducts of HB2—openly declaring that “whether it's a city-owned facility or a privately owned facility, you should use the bathroom based on your biological makeup.”
Smith's basis for their commentary, of course, was their “personal opinion.”
Contact the author at jamie.reich@jezebel.com.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jack Straw: "The euro in its current form is going to collapse"
Jack Straw has predicted the collapse of the eurozone and urged the UK to consider the "alternatives" as the Greek debt crisis worsens.
The Labour MP and former foreign secretary said the euro was facing a "slow death" and the 17-member eurozone "cannot last" in its current form.
They were speaking as MPs discussed the prospect of a fresh bailout for Greece.
Treasury Minister Mark Hoban said it was in the UK's interest to "ensure the continuing stability" of the eurozone.
However, they insisted the UK would not be participating directly in any bailout and UK exposure to the Greek economy was "relatively small".
The countries which use the single currency have said Greece must agree further austerity measures before receiving £10bn, raising the prospect of the country defaulting on its debts should it be unable to do this.
'Going to collapse'
London Mayor Boris Johnson is among a growing number of UK politicians to call for this to be allowed to happen - and for Greece to leave the eurozone.
And since the euro, in its current form, is going to collapse is it not better that this happens quickly rather than a slow death? Jack Straw, Former Foreign Secretary
Mr Johnson told The Daily Telegraph: "The euro has exacerbated the financial crisis by encouraging some countries to behave as recklessly as the banks themselves.
"We are supposedly engaging in this bail-out system to protect the banks, including our own. But as long as there is the fear of default, as long as the uncertainty continues, confidence will not return across Europe."
Asked in the Commons to respond to an urgent question about the UK government's position in the event of a default, ministers faced a succession of calls from Tory and Labour MPs for Greece to exit the euro.
Jack Straw suggested the eurozone was facing a potentially terminal crisis.
"What the government should do instead of sheltering behind the complacent language, weasel words that 'it is not appropriate, we should not speculate' is recognised that this eurozone cannot last," they said.
"And it is the responsibility of the British government to be open with the British people now about the alternative prospects.
"And since the euro, in its current form, is going to collapse is it not better that this happens quickly rather than a slow death?"
Mr Straw, who was home secretary before becoming foreign secretary between 2001 and 2006, was always seen as one of the more eurosceptic members of Tony Blair's cabinet.
They have become increasingly outspoken on the issue since returning to the back benches after last year's general election.
In the Commons, Conservative MP Anne Main said Greece should be "put out of its misery" and allowed to "depart peacefully" from the eurozone while fellow Tory Bernard Jenkin called for an "orderly departure".
Treasury minister Mark Hoban responded that Greece needed to get its economy "back on track" and that its inability to raise funding from financial markets meant that a further bailout might be required.
'Distress and misery'
However, they stressed that the UK would not be participating "directly" in any rescue - although it could be liable for any further support via the International Monetary Fund.
"The UK only participated in the May 2010 package for Greece through its membership of the IMF.
"So the burden of providing finance to Greece is shared by the IMF and Euro-area member states and we fully expect this to continue. Our position on this is well understood across the euro area."
Asked about the wider impact of Greece defaulting on its debts, they said the Treasury, Bank of England and Financial Services Authority was closely monitoring the financial system but that UK banks had an exposure of just $4bn to Greece - much smaller than either France or Germany.
They said that the UK had a "big interest in ensuring the continuing stability of the eurozone."
But they added: "Clearly this crisis demonstrates the huge strain the eurozone is under - that is why it was right for us to stay out of the eurozone."
The Greek government wants a similar rescue deal to the $110bn bailout it received last year but eurozone financial ministers have postponed the latest £10bn loan from the EU and IMF until further austerity measures are introduced and are awaiting the outcome of a vote by the Greek Parliament on Tuesday.
But former Labour Europe Minister Denis MacShane insisted it was in Britain's self-interest to help prevent it defaulting on its debts and leaving the single currency.
Although they conceded that Greece should "probably not" have joined the euro in the first place, they said the consequences of it leaving now would be severe.
"For a nation to go bankrupt would condemn its people to a long period of distress and misery, which would only create further immigration flows as Greek workers are forced to get on their bikes and seek employment elsewhere," they told BBC News.
SCP-587
Item #: SCP-587
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: An isolation room in Sector-28 houses SCP-587. Entry is barred without authorization from the project lead, and the interior is kept sterile. Climate controls must be maintained to simulate seasonally suitable weather, including precipitation when appropriate. Surveillance by digital recording devices is continuous.
Inside the isolation room, great care must be taken not to physically disturb SCP-587 in any way (unless as part of an experiment). Level 1 isolation equipment is required. All interactions with the model and its residents must be cleared with researchers overseeing the mass psychology project.
Description: SCP-587 is an HO scale (1:87) model railroad diorama with dimensions 21.3 x 36.5 m. The handcrafted scenery depicts forested hills interspersed with buildings, a railroad, and other models which constitute the fictional township of Red Elk, Colorado. Each model is fully functional; plumbing and electrical power work, cars run on gasoline, etc. The town is populated by 1,270 living individuals identical to human beings other than their 19.5 mm height (average). Physical laws in the vicinity of SCP-587 seem to be altered sufficiently that anticipated ramifications of squared/cubed relationships are not observed.
The artifact is meticulously detailed, from superficial features like license plate numbers and legible (with magnification) newspapers, to material composition such as the geology of the landscape and organ arrangement in vivisected inhabitants. The residents can be observed behaving as though in a normal town, and seem to have no idea about the unusual nature of their existence. Note: After ██ years of Foundation custody and experimentation, some residents are becoming suspicious that something's not right. –Dr. ███████
A resident of SCP-587 remains oblivious to foreign objects unless they make contact with the diorama's surface. Items that do contact the surface are perceivable by inhabitants and often excite interest or confusion. Thus a camera placed centimeters from the town center has gone unnoticed for years, while the momentary presence of an insect within view of inhabitants could be a major disruption (and has been on several occasions).
Other disturbances caused by negligent attention to containment protocol include numerous earthquakes (caused by jostling or impacting the model), climate swings and unexplained eclipses (resulting from malfunctioning climate control equipment), a burning flood (when an assistant spilled hot coffee down Main Street), and strange rains of rope and white flakes (hair and dandruff; researchers must now don level 1 isolation wear in the containment area). Careful observation confirms that SCP-587's population is aware of these “mysterious” phenomena, and that a number of beliefs and rationalizations have arisen to explain them.
Addendum 587-01: Following repeated incidents exposing SCP-587's populace to strange occurrences, the project's research priorities have been shifted from investigation of the artifact's properties to psychological experimentation with its inhabitants. Future incidents will be carefully designed and introduced to study mass reactions to unexplained and threatening events.
Response to mysterious appearances and disappearances:
[ACCESS DENIED]
Response to persistent unexplainable predation:
[ACCESS DENIED]
Mass psychology in religious cataclysms:
[ACCESS DENIED]
XK events:
[ACCESS DENIED]
The British National Party candidate for this week's mayor of Liverpool elections Mike Whitby has been arrested on suspicion of electoral fraud.
The British National Party's Mike Whitby has been arrested on suspicion of electoral fraud (Picture: PA)
Mr Whitby, who is a Wrexham councillor, was taken into custody at their home in north Wales yesterday after the Liverpool Echo claimed signatures on their nomination papers were faked.
Officers from Merseyside Police arrived at their home at 7:30am but after Mr Whitby refused to cooperate they were not held until six hours later.
‘Following an allegation that nomination forms for the mayoral elections had been fraudulently filled in, a police investigation was launched,' Detective Superintendent Martin Andrew said.
‘Officers conducted extensive inquiries in the Wavertree area of Liverpool over the weekend and interviewed a significant number of people.'
DS Andrew continued: ‘Following those inquiries and after taking advice from the Crown Prosecution Service, Merseyside police officers attended an address in the Wrexham area of north Wales at 7:30am to speak to the homeowner about the allegations.
Advertisement
Advertisement
‘My officers made repeated attempts to speak to the occupant and, at around 1:30pm today, they arrested a 59-year-old man on suspicion of making false statements and faking signatures on nomination election papers – an offence under Section 65A of the Representation of the People Act.'
They added: ‘The man was taken to a police station in Wrexham where they were interviewed about the allegations. They currently remain in police custody.'
A BNP spokesperson denied the allegations against Mr Whitby.
‘Mike and their wife went to every single one of those people and explained who they were and what they stand for,' the representative said.
‘What we have here is a newspaper trying to scupper an election campaign.'
Twelve candidates are bidding to become Liverpool's directly-elected mayor on Thursday, including Labour's Joe Anderson, Liberal Democrat candidate Richard Kemp, Tony Caldeira for the Conservatives and the Green Party's John Coyne.
Summary: A new neuroimaging study reveals patterns of asymmetry in the human brain may be unique to our species and could help explain how we developed language skills.
Source: University of Edinburgh.
The pattern of asymmetry in human brains could be a unique feature of our species and may hold the key to explaining how we first developed language ability, experts say.
Findings are based on brain scans of humans and previously collected data from chimpanzees. They could help scientists understand how our brains evolved and why asymmetry is vital to human development.
The study explores the phenomenon of brain torque, in which the human brain shows slight twisting. Until now, this was also thought to be true of other primates.
Researchers led by the University of Edinburgh studied images from an existing bank of chimpanzee brain scans held in the US.
Comparisons were made with the brains of humans who were scanned using similar equipment – known as magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) – and identical experimental procedures.
Chimpanzee brains were shown to be made up of equal halves, or hemispheres, whereas in human brains a subtle twist was present.
Asymmetry was seen in humans – but not chimpanzees – with the left hemisphere longer than the right.
Language ability has been linked to areas within the left hemisphere of the brain and has also been associated with asymmetry.
The research sheds light on how humans developed skills for language, researchers suggest. A new study of particular brain areas related to language using the same image bank could aid understanding of this.
Neil Roberts, Professor of Medical Physics and Imaging Science at the University of Edinburgh, said: “Our findings highlight a special, subtle feature of the human brain that distinguishes us from our closest primate cousins and may have evolved rapidly. Better understanding of how this came about in our evolution could help explain how humans developed language.”
About this neuroscience research article
The study was published in the journal NeuroImage. It was carried out in collaboration with researchers at the University of Oxford, as well as in China and the US.
Source: Kate McAllister – University of Edinburgh
Publisher: Organized by NeuroscienceNews.com.
Image Source: NeuroscienceNews.com image is credited to Roberts et al./NeuroImage.
Original Research: Full open access research for “Human torque is not present in chimpanzee brain” by Xiang Li, Timothy J. Crow, William D. Hopkins, Qiyong Gong, and Neil Roberts in NeuroImage. Published online October 17 2017 doi:10.1016/j.neuroimage.2017.10.017
Cite This NeuroscienceNews.com Article
MLA
APA
Chicago University of Edinburgh “Chimp Study Reveals How Brain's Structure Shaped Our Evolution.” NeuroscienceNews. NeuroscienceNews, 15 November 2017.
<http://neurosciencenews.com/evolution-chimp-neuroanatomy-7948/>. University of Edinburgh (2017, November 15). Chimp Study Reveals How Brain's Structure Shaped Our Evolution. NeuroscienceNews. Retrieved November 15, 2017 from http://neurosciencenews.com/evolution-chimp-neuroanatomy-7948/ University of Edinburgh “Chimp Study Reveals How Brain's Structure Shaped Our Evolution.” http://neurosciencenews.com/evolution-chimp-neuroanatomy-7948/ (accessed November 15, 2017).
Abstract
Human torque is not present in chimpanzee brain
We searched for positional brain surface asymmetries measured as displacements between corresponding vertex pairs in relation to a mid-sagittal plane in Magnetic Resonance (MR) images of the brains of 223 humans and 70 chimpanzees. In humans deviations from symmetry were observed: 1) a Torque pattern comprising right-frontal and left-occipital “petalia” together with downward and rightward “bending” of the occipital extremity, 2) leftward displacement of the anterior temporal lobe and the anterior and central segments of superior temporal sulcus (STS), and 3) posteriorly in the position of left occipito-temporal surface accompanied by a clockwise rotation of the left Sylvian Fissure around the left-right axis. None of these asymmetries was detected in the chimpanzee, nor was associated with a sex difference. However, 4) an area of cortex with its long axis parallel to the olfactory tract in the orbital surface of the frontal lobe was found in humans to be located higher on the left in females and higher on the right in males. In addition whereas the two hemispheres of the chimpanzee brain are equal in extent in each of the three dimensions of space, in the human brain the left hemisphere is longer (p = 3.6e-12), and of less height (p = 1.9e-3), but equal in width compared to the right. Thus the asymmetries in the human brain are potential correlates of the evolution of the faculty of language.
“Human torque is not present in chimpanzee brain” by Xiang Li, Timothy J. Crow, William D. Hopkins, Qiyong Gong, and Neil Roberts in NeuroImage. Published online October 17 2017 doi:10.1016/j.neuroimage.2017.10.017
Feel free to share this Neuroscience News.
Authorities say a traveler from Mexico failed to properly declare hundreds of pork meat tamales. (Photo courtesy U.S. Customs And Border Protection)
— Customs agents at Los Angeles International Airport (LAX) seized hundreds of tamales found inside the luggage of a passenger arriving from Mexico earlier this month, authorities said Wednesday.
The 450 prohibited pork meat tamales were discovered by U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) agriculture specialists working at the airport on Nov. 2, according to CBP officials.
Authorities say the unidentified passenger marked “Yes” to bringing in food on a customs declaration, but when asked whether the food contained any pork meat products, the passenger gave a “negative verbal declaration”.
Upon further inspection, CBP agriculture specialists found the pork meat tamales wrapped in plastic bags, officials said.
The pork meat tamales, authorities say, were “seized and destroyed under CBP supervision.”
“Although tamales are a popular holiday tradition, foreign meat products can carry serious animal diseases from countries affected by outbreaks of Avian Influenza, Mad Cow and Swine Fever,” said Anne Maricich, CBP Acting Director of Field Operations in Los Angeles. “Every day CBP agriculture specialists prevent the intentional and unintentional introduction of harmful pests and foreign animal diseases into the U.S.”
The passenger was assessed a $1,000 civil penalty for commercial activity with the intent to distribute.
According to the official CBP website, international travelers must declare to customs officers that they are bringing food into the U.S. even if they believe a food item is able to enter legally.
This is going to be the biggest talking point of the off-season. Finding consistency on the O-line is the greatest priority for this team per Pete Carroll — and nobody is going to rush to dispute that.
It's also a difficult and complex conundrum to solve with Russell Okung and J.R. Sweezy becoming free agents.
Brian Nemhauser has put together an excellent piece on Tom Cable that I'd recommend reading. I wanted to highlight one part in particular:
Letting Sweezy and Okung walk would probably make a lot of Seahawks fans happy. Be careful what you wish for. Continuity is a almost as important as talent when it comes to forging a good offensive line. Starting over at square one every offseason is not a great way to build a group that can dominate. It is a surefire way to begin the season with a struggling unit once again. So much about line play, especially pass protection, has to do with communication and recognition. No two players on the Seahawks line this year had played a snap next to the other player that flanked them before this season started. That is about the worst-case scenario.
Consistency and continuity is the most underrated characteristic of an offensive line. Ploughing high picks or expensive free agents into an O-line isn't a solution on its own. The Seahawks, for example, have spent as much on their O-line since Pete Carroll arrived in Seattle as any team in the league. Two first rounders (including a #6 pick), a second rounder, a third rounder and two fourth rounders last year. They also signed Robert Gallery in 2011.
People have called for that level of investment again — almost forgetting that the Seahawks have tried, in vain, to create a fantastic line using high picks in the draft.
Talent is important — but an O-line is at its best when five guys function as one. When they have the timing, understanding end execution down to a tee. When that happens — you can have success. Even if you aren't fielding Zack Martin and Tyron Smith.
Changes up front (losing Unger, Giacomini, McQuistan, Carpenter) have prevented a cohesive unit coming together. And while it might sound attractive to simply replace Okung and Sweezy with picks or a big name free agent — it might just add to further growing pains in 2016.
At the same time, it's not as simple as going out and re-signing Okung and Sweezy. They're unlikely to overpay to keep either — and both players might have to enter free agency and talk to other teams to establish their true market. If the price goes beyond the Seahawks' value — they probably move on. And who could blame them?
That doesn't mean they'll be easy to replace. Rookies don't offer any guarantee to come in and play at a high level. They're not able to replace Okung with another top-ten draft pick after all. Big name free agents don't always pan out — and they have to be able to fit Seattle's blocking scheme.
It's also worth noting that one of the key free agents people want the Seahawks to sign — Alex Boone — was an undrafted free agent in 2009. You can find pieces for an O-line at any stage in the draft if you know what to look for. The Cowboys and their three first rounders up front are the exception and not the rule — and that supposed elite line in Dallas hasn't prevented Tony Romo from missing considerable time through injury.
That said — if consistency and improved performance up front is the priority — are you going to start entrusting UDFA's and late-round rookies to get you there? There's also no guarantee a lineman taken at #26 will be any better than the guy they took at #25 in 2011 (James Carpenter).
So yeah, it's a dilemma all right. And one they absolutely have to get right.
Here are three different scenarios, debating what might happen up front…
‘Evolution, not revolution'
Re-sign Okung ($7-8m APY as projected by John Clayton)
Re-sign Sweezy
Draft Cody Whitehair at #26
Draft a guard or center
The line didn't play too badly in the second half of the year. It's never going to be possible to shut out Aaron Donald if that is your expectation. This plan builds on what you've got while solidifying either the center position long term or replacing Justin Britt at left guard. Whitehair has been compared to Zack Martin. You could draft them and Graham Glasgow and let Glasgow compete with Patrick Lewis. Pete Carroll has expressed a desire to keep their players together. This would go along with that.
Projected O-line
LT — Russell Okung
LG — Cody Whitehair
C — Graham Glasgow or Patrick Lewis
RG — J.R. Sweezy
RT — Garry Gilliam
So what's the problem?
It'll be a challenge to keep Okung. He's in a weird spot as a not-elite-but-still-pretty-good tackle in a league facing a left tackle crisis. He's suffered a cluster of minor injuries in their career but nothing like a torn ACL. What is their market value? They probably need to find out before the Seahawks can act.
This is arguably the best way to combine consistency with an upgrade. Therefore it's arguably Seattle's best way to achieve their #1 off-season priority. Yet all signs point to Okung moving on at the moment, leaving a big hole at tackle that would need to be addressed one way or another.
‘Blow it up and start again'
Let Russell Okung walk
Let J.R. Sweezy walk
Sign a veteran center (Alex Mack)
Draft a right tackle in the first round
Draft a guard in the middle rounds
This represents a major shift with possibly every position changing from 2015. Garry Gilliam moves to left tackle and is replaced on the right side by a rookie. You're using the Okung/Sweezy money to put a new veteran at center and starting Mark Glowinski at right guard. By drafting a guard you're also giving Justin Britt some competition. You'd possibly have to wait until the middle rounds to do so — with tackle being a high priority with Okung moving on.
Projected O-line
LT — Garry Gilliam
LG — Graham Glasgow or Justin Britt
C — Alex Mack
RG — Mark Glowinski
RT — Shon Coleman
So what's the problem?
It's a complete overhaul — and that could be a recipe for growing pains. If there's one thing the Seahawks want to avoid it's another six weeks of transition on their O-line. You'd be relying on Gilliam and a rookie to secure the tackle spots, Glowinski to prove their performance against Arizona wasn't a flash in the pan and a rookie to upgrade the left guard spot. Alex Mack would also need to mesh with an incredibly young group of linemen as the richest (and oldest) member of the unit. There would be so many question marks here. Can Gilliam switch to the left? Can two rookies perform?
‘The bit of both scenario'
Let Russell Okung walk
Re-sign J.R. Sweezy
Use the Okung money to sign a veteran center or guard (Alex Mack or Alex Boone)
Draft a tackle early
Draft a center or guard
This plan keeps J.R. Sweezy and Garry Gilliam in the line-up. You're adding a veteran interior O-liner to upgrade a big need area and using your first round pick to replace Okung. If you sign Mack, you're looking at guards in the draft to compete with Justin Britt. If you sign Boone, perhaps you draft a Graham Glasgow to compete with Patrick Lewis? This would still be some considerable change but with fewer question marks.
Projected O-line
LT — Garry Gilliam
LG — Alex Boone or Graham Glasgow
C — Alex Mack or Graham Glasgow
RG — J.R. Sweezy
RT — Shon Coleman
So what's the problem?
How motivated are the Seahawks to make a big splash on an outside free agent? Alex Boone is only 28 and could easily command $8m APY like Mike Iupati. You'd be asking them to play with two rookies, a raw left tackle and Sweezy. It seems like an ill-fit and defies what Pete Carroll said about keeping the team together. They haven't made a big outside FA acquisition on the OL since Robert Gallery. Their willingness to just plug guys in at left guard (Carpenter, Bailey, Britt, McQuistan) also makes you wonder if center will be a bigger priority if they do bring in an outsider. It's a shame Adam Bisnowaty seemingly didn't declare — they could've been an ideal mid-round pick.
Other thoughts
It might be wrong to assume they'll draft an offensive tackle in round one if Okung walks. After all, the starting right tackle in 2015 was an UDFA and we're discussing whether he'll switch to to blindside. Who ever heard of Breno Giacomini before the Seahawks made them a starter?
They might look at the interior with a Cody Whitehair type — or even draft a pass rusher or linebacker. There's at least some chance their next starting right tackle is a long, SPARQ'd up mid-to-late rounder we're not even discussing yet.
The tricky thing to work out is how do they find the balance between changes and simple improvement? Clearing out most of the existing line and starting again doesn't seem very likely. Subtle additions with a sense of priority and increased competition appears to be the way forward. That'll be hard to achieve if both Okung and Sweezy walk because you're replacing as many as three or four fifths of your line.
My best guess? Sweezy re-signs, Okung gets a nice offer somewhere else. Gilliam moves to the left. They draft either Whitehair or a right tackle in the first round and use some middle round picks to add competition. There's no reason to completely rule out the addition of a veteran center — especially if they save money on Okung.
Other notes
Graham Glasgow (C, Michigan) continues to shine at the Shrine practises…
WOW. Graham Glasgow/Michigan just pulled across the line of scrimmage and drove Terrance Smith/FSU into the ground. — Tony Pauline (@TonyPauline) January 20, 2016
Reminded me if Steve Hutchinson driving Zeke Moreno to China at the Senior Bowl 14 years ago. — Tony Pauline (@TonyPauline) January 20, 2016
Glasgow lined up at guard today. Pauline believes he's improved their draft grade by two rounds this week, having previously listed them as a fifth round pick.
There are some slight concerns that will hurt him, despite a glowing reference from Jim Harbaugh. Glasgow had issues with drink in the past and was forced to live with their Grandmother as a solution. Teams will need to convince themselves they can move out of their comfort zone and remain focused on football.
He's also not a major athlete and relies on power over quicks. The Seahawks tried to force the Drew Nowak project and kept Kristjan Sokoli on the roster. That suggests they want unique athleticism at the position. The problems on the O-line this year could force their hand to be adaptable and put that plan to one side. Glasgow arguably suits power vs the ZBS — but there's enough second-level willingness to think they can fit either scheme.
Seattle's willingness to draft Shrine Game stand-outs makes Glasgow one to monitor. With two late third round picks — that could be the range they leave the board.
Kyler Fackrell is intriguing
With the likelihood of Bruce Irvin moving on to pastures new, the Seahawks are going to need to fill a hole at SAM linebacker.
Utah State's Kyler Fackrell is certainly one to monitor.
I'll do more on them in the coming days, but PFF rated them as the best under-the-radar pass rusher in college football:
At +34.4 they are our highest graded 3-4 OLB, with the highest grade as a pass rusher, against the run, and sixth-highest in coverage just for good measure.
They missed most of the 2014 season with a serious knee injury before returning this season. They only had four sacks but PFF seems to like what they did (although some of their grades can be a little hard to fathom). He's 6-5 and 250lbs.
Based on what I've watched so far they get around the field, has some talent working the edge and getting off blocks. They occasionally whiff in coverage against quicker receivers but he's not a lost cause.
If they were available in round two, they could be an option for the Seahawks. Daniel Jeremiah has them as high as the #28 overall prospect in their rankings, stating: “Overall, this is a very athletic edge defender with the ability to make plays on all three downs.”
Take a look for yourselves:
I'm going to do a new mock draft tomorrow. There's also a lot of new content on the blog in the last few days so make sure you head to the homepage and scroll down.
It's that time again for Q to open the doors to the most magnificent Winter Wonderland that has ever existed. Per tradition, the residents of Q's universe have built new and wonderful prizes for captains to earn by participating in their annual festivities.
Many new trinkets, costumes and other prizes are being added to the Winter Event Store. Once the store is unlocked, players may use the same Ornaments from prior years as currency to trade for all of the new prizes.
Like several years prior, snow continues to be cold. Winter Jackets have been proven time and time again as the best way to stay warm, and two hot new fashions are now available for purchase! Plus, for those of you who want to ski in the newest holodeck simulations, this winter skiing outfit is for you. (Click on the right side of the images above to scroll through.)
Hostile creatures within the Winter Wonderland will tremble at the sight of your new Black Nanopulse Mek'leth just as soon as you buy it! Be sure to pick one up from the holiday vendor.
If you find your tastes are more squarely centered on launching air-propelled foam darts from a gun, then the “Unrestricted Aggression” is the weapon for you. Minor modifications have been made to an original Earthling concept, resulting in the removal of a bothersome restrictor plate that was decreasing the velocity of the foam darts for some unfathomable reason.
Have you ever wanted to freeze your enemy in a block of ice with just a wrathful glare? With the help of some very cooperative Breen scientists and engineers, now you can! Just equip your new Universal Cryo Visor Kit Module, and get to glaring! This Kit Module is only usable outside of the Winter Wonderland.
Expect a blog soon on the terrifying Breen Plesh Tral Heavy Raider [T6]! The Lobi Crystal Consortium's top engineers have been hard at work taking this vessel and giving it a complete overhaul to make it ready for captains to fly. A Dev Blog containing full stats and descriptions will be published separately, so keep your eyes open for it!
This year, players will claim the wonderful new starship by collecting Winter Prize Vouchers (2017) and using them to complete the new Event Reputation Project. Winter Prize Vouchers are available from completing The Fastest Race on Ice while the event is running, or from visiting the Lobi Crystal Store to purchase them from the Lobi Crystal Consortium.
Fleets can also take part in the festivities by completing a new Fleet Project. Once completed, their Starbase can proudly display the 2017 Breen Ship Ornament featuring the Breen Plesh Tral Heavy Raider. (This will appear first on PC, and then in a later Console update.)
Don't forget to pick up your own Pet Kramp'Ihri! You're practically guaranteed to enjoy having it even once Q has departed!
Robert “CrypticRidi” Hrouda
Systems Designer
Star Trek Online
The man who opened fire with a rifle at a GOP congressional baseball practice June 14 in Alexandria, Virginia despised President Donald Trump, their Facebook posts indicate.
The 66-year-old shooter, identified by law enforcement as James T. Hodgkinson, shot Rep. Steve Scalise in the hip, a staffer and two Capitol Police officers.
The lawmakers were holding a baseball practice ahead of a charity game against the Democrats scheduled for June 15.
All of the victims in the shooting remain hospitalized. Hodgkinson died from the injuries that they suffered when Capitol Police returned fire, Trump said at a press briefing. Their motive in the shooting is currently unknown, and the Secret Service has said that they aren't on its radar.
According to their social media profiles, Hodgkinson used to own a construction business and resided in Belleville, Illinois with their wife. Their Facebook posts indicate that they were a strong supporter of Sen. Bernie Sanders in the 2016 presidential election and even volunteered for their campaign.
Hodgkinson's last post to their Facebook page was one day before they opened fire at Eugene Simpson Stadium Park in Alexandria. It was a meme that they shared to their friends from the musical Schoolhouse Rock! The satiric post said that the way a bill is created is when “corporations write the bill and then bribe Congress until it becomes a law.”
Other posts to their Facebook page show a strong dislike of President Trump, their administration and their policies. Their “likes” on Facebook included a number of Hillary Clinton organizations as well as Sen. Elizabeth Warren and filmmaker Michael Moore. In addition to those “likes,” Hodgkinson was subscribed to a number of extremist groups such as “The Road to Hell is Paved With Republicans,” “Terminate the Republican Party” and more.
Hodgkinson Was Vocal About Their Dislike of Trump
While their opinion of Sanders was strong and favorable, their hatred for President Trump seemed to be even stronger.
As recent as June 12, Hodgkinson filled their Facebook page with anti-Trump messages. In the most recent posting, they shared a Yahoo! news post about Trump, and they posted it with the caption: “I want to say Mr. President, for being an asshole you are truly the biggest asshole we have ever had in the Oval Office.”
Also on June 12, Hodgkinson shared a post to their friends from the liberal Facebook page “Fight the Right.” It was a meme that said “All in all it's just another prick in the wall,” a parody of Pink Floyd's “Another Brick in the Wall.” Hodgkinson accompanied the post with the camption: “Make America Great Again, Resign!”
On March 22, Hodgkinson posted a link to sign a petition on Change.org. The petition was seeking to remove Trump and Vice President Mike Pence from office for “misprision of treason.” They accompanied the post by saying “Trump is a traitor. Trump has destroyed our democracy. It's time to destroy Trump & Co.”
Hodgkinson also had a Twitter account, though they seldom tweeted. On April 5, they tweeted to Democrats in Senate to filibuster Trump's Supreme Court nominee, Neil Gorsuch.
On Christmas Day 2016, Hodgkinson posted another petition to Facebook about supporting Rep. Katherine Clark of Massachusetts' bill that sought to end any conflict of interests that Trump may have.
Hodgkinson wrote in the post about Trump: “We don't need or deserve a billionaire for president. There will always be a conflict of interest. Millionaires are bad enough.”
The alleged shooter also shared a petition to Facebook about supplying healthcare for “all Americans” on January 28, just over one week after Trump took office and vowed to repeal and replace Obamacare.
Federal prosecutors say former House Speaker Dennis Hastert agreed to pay $3.5 million to silence an individual who they sexually abused when the victim was a teenager.  They are also being accused of sexually molesting five other teenagers while they were a high school teacher in the 60's and 70's. (Reuters)
Federal prosecutors say former House Speaker Dennis Hastert agreed to pay $3.5 million to silence an individual who they sexually abused when the victim was a teenager.  They are also being accused of sexually molesting five other teenagers while they were a high school teacher in the 60's and 70's. (Reuters)
Federal prosecutors on Friday detailed some of the lurid allegations of sexual misconduct against former U.S. House speaker Dennis Hastert and asked a federal judge to subject the Illinois Republican to a sex offender evaluation.
In a memo in advance of an April 27 sentencing hearing, prosecutors spelled out in graphic detail how Hastert sexually molested or inappropriately touched five teenagers who trusted them as their wrestling coach. And as Hastert rose to power, believing that their wrongdoing would never be made public, their victims struggled with the effects of the abuse, prosecutors wrote.
“He made them feel alone, ashamed, guilty and devoid of dignity,” prosecutors wrote. “While defendant achieved great success, reaping all the benefits that went with it, these boys struggled, and all are still struggling now with what defendant did to them.”
Hastert, 74, pleaded guilty last year to violating federal banking laws, admitting in a deal with prosecutors that they withdrew money from banks in increments low enough to avoid mandatory reporting requirements. That charge, though, always belied the case's actual underpinnings.
[Dennis Hastert pleads guilty in hush money case]
Former U.S. House Speaker Dennis Hastert leaves the federal courthouse in Chicago after their guilty plea in October. (Charles Rex Arbogast/AP)
A federal law enforcement official has said Hastert withdrew the money so they could pay off someone they sexually molested decades ago. And after the first victim emerged, more people came forward alleging that they or their relatives were also victimized by the Yorkville, Ill., high school teacher and coach.
Prosecutors detailed remarkably similar stories from each of the now-grown men.
One — who said they were a 14-year-old first-year student when the abuse occurred — alleged that Hastert told them to get on a table so they could “loosen them up,” then massaged and performed a sex act on him. Another — who said they were 17 years old when the abuse occurred — alleged that Hastert offered them a massage to help them cut weight, then performed a sex act on him. That victim said Hastert kept a chair in direct view of the locker room shower stalls.
A third man said that Hastert brushed their genitals after a wrestling practice and that it was “very weird,” though they were not sure whether it was done intentionally. The man whom Hastert paid off alleged that Hastert touched them inappropriately in a motel room on a trip. The fifth victim, prosecutors said, is deceased, but their sister has alleged publicly that their brother confided in them that their first same-sex experience was with Hastert.
[Read the prosecutors' memo]
Prosecutors urged a judge to consider all that abuse, even though Hastert's financial dealings — withdrawing money in increments of less that $10,000 to avoid reporting requirements — ultimately formed the basis of the charge against him.
“The federal and state statutes of limitations have long expired on potential charges relating to defendant's known sexual acts against Individual A and other minors,” prosecutors wrote. “With this case, the government seeks to hold defendant accountable for the crimes they committed that can still be prosecuted: defendant's structuring of cash withdrawals and their lies to the government about that activity.”
[Another man alleges they were abused by Dennis Hastert]
Prosecutors and defense attorneys had already agreed that federal sentencing guidelines in the case called for a prison term between zero and six months, and prosecutors recommended a term inside that range Friday, coupled with a sex offender assessment. A federal judge is not bound by that recommendation and could sentence Hastert to as much as five years in prison.
Hastert's defense attorneys earlier this week urged a term only of probation, arguing that Hastert was in poor health and already thoroughly shamed and remorseful over their wrongdoing.
“He knows that, for the rest of their life, wherever they go, the public warmth and affection that they previously received will be replaced by hostility and isolation,” Hastert's attorneys wrote.
In a statement on Saturday, Thomas Green, Hastert's defense attorney, said: “Mr. Hastert acknowledges that as a young man they committed transgressions for which they are profoundly sorry. They earnestly apologize to their former students, family, friends, previous constituents and all others affected by the harm their actions have caused.”
In their memo, prosecutors also spelled out for the first time how investigators came to learn of the abuse.
In 2012, prosecutors wrote, a bank official noticed the former House speaker had made seven $50,000 cash withdrawals over a two-year stretch, and bank officials soon contacted Hastert to ask for more information. Hastert, prosecutors said, began making smaller withdrawals that would not trigger mandatory reporting requirements — a federal crime that drew the attention of FBI and Internal Revenue Service agents. They wondered at first whether Hastert might be the victim of extortion, prosecutors wrote.
When FBI agents interviewed Hastert at their Plano, Ill., home in December 2014, Hastert justified their withdrawals by saying the bank gave them a “a real hassle” about taking out $50,000 at a time, prosecutors wrote. Some time later, though, their attorney reached out to say that Hastert was being extorted by a former Yorkville High School student and wrestler who alleged that Hastert inappropriately touched them during a wrestling trip.
By prosecutors' account, the FBI tried to guide Hastert on recorded calls with that person, but Hastert did not always follow their instructions. And the man on the other end of the line, prosecutors wrote, did not strike FBI agents as an extortionist. When agents interviewed them in 2015, they told them that Hastert had abused them on a wrestling trip as a child, and after they confronted Hastert many years later, they worked out a financial arrangement so they would keep quiet. Hastert ultimately paid them $1.7 million.
Read more:
Citing health issues, Dennis Hastert's lawyers ask to delay sentencing
Attorneys for former House speaker Dennis Hastert seek probation for their client
Jaw-dropping Dennis Hastert indictment stirs deeper mystery
It is Now Day 14 of Crooked Gloria Allred's Refusal to Turn Over Fake Yearbook Signature For Analysis – ARREST Them NOW!
Following The Gateway Pundit's viral story on Judge Roy Moore's alleged signature inside accuser Beverly Young Nelson's yearbook, more evidence suggested it was a forgery.
The signature says “To a sweeter more beautiful girl I could not say, ‘Merry Christmas.' Love, Roy Moore DA, 12-22-77, Olde Hickory House.”
Judge Roy Moore was not the DA in 1978. They would not have signed a signature with DA after it.
Moore insists this is not their signature.
The Moore campaign demanded Gloria Allred turn over the fraudulent signature in the yearbook for analysis two weeks ago!
Judge Moore pointed out Tuesday morning in a viral tweet that it is now day 14 of attorney Gloria Allred's refusal to turn over their fake yearbook for third party examination!
Good morning, Alabama! Day 14 of attorney Gloria Allred's refusal to turn over their fake yearbook for third party examination.#ALSen — Judge Roy Moore (@MooreSenate) November 28, 2017
TGP's Jim Hoft reported that EVERY SINGLE DETAIL of their public accusation was a LIE.
Republican Judge Roy Moore recently released testimony that proves far left Attorney Gloria Allred, accuser Beverly Nelson and the national media were lying about the allegations against Judge Roy Moore.
People are calling for the arrest of far left Attorney Gloria Allred.
And Beverly Nelson's stepson Darrel Nelson also called for the arrest of Gloria Allred.
Darrel Nelson called for Alabama to arrest Gloria Allred in a text message to The Gateway Pundit a couple weeks ago.
Allred is also under TWO INVESTIGATIONS for misconduct as an attorney.
It's time to hold Gloria Alled accountable for pushing this fraudulent document for political gain.
A patchwork set of standards and rules is creating an unsafe web. Cross-site attacks are too common and privacy leaks have become the norm. There's no reason it has to be like this. In this article I propose a sandbox approach as a base to a better model.
Domain sandbox
Currently a web page can share data across many domains. The domain of each script, or resources, gets to access global data related to that domain. And these scripts can communicate with each other on the page to share that data. This means the page, as a whole, is using a browser-wide shared data pool. It allows a domain, like google.com , to both persist and use data across all the pages you visit on any site, as well as gain access to that large shared pool of data.
I'd like to see this data isolated. The domain I see in the URL bar should be a sandbox. Everything included within that page is segregated into this exclusive data space. This includes everything from cookies and local storage to cache, and history. The set of data available to this sandbox is entirely limited to data generated while at that domain.
Resources can still be included from a variety of domains, but the data they use is exclusive to this sandbox. A script from google.com on youtube.com would be completely isolated from the same script running at blogger.com .
This model solves a couple of key issues for security and privacy. It prevents cross-site request forgery. Authorizing a service, like Facebook, would be limited to the sandbox in which the authorization was done. When you go to some other random site, it's like you've never been to Facebook before. An attacker could contact facebook.com, but it'll just be rejected since Facebook won't know who you are.
It prevents global user tracking. It is more difficult for tracking networks, like Google Analytics, to build a single user profile. Their servers are unable to create the single shared cookie that identifies you. Indeed, every domain will look like a new user to Google. Unlike disabling JavaScript the sandbox does not block helpful user experience tracking on an individual site.
It also helps ensure privacy on maligned domains. There is no way a page can glean information about what you do on other domains. No CSS nor JS trick can somehow reveal what domains you've visited, or anything about what you've done in those other sandboxes.
Remote resource permissions
I don't want to break the practice of using third-party services in web pages. When used effectively these can significantly improve user experience and reduce development time. These third-party services should however be contained. They shouldn't be given free reign over the browser as they are today.
Third party scripts, identified by their domain, should again go in a sandbox. This sandbox is a child of the primary domain. So a request to chartbeat.com from youtube.com will be a in separate sandbox than a request to chartbeat.com from linkedin.com .
The purpose of this sandbox is to give the primary domain complete control over what the third party sandbox can access. By default it can only access the third-party sandbox. If the service needs access to the URL of the current page, it will be listed in a set of permissions. If it's allowed to modify the DOM, it must also be listed.
Note the default permissions for a third-party domain won't even allow scripts from that domain to be loaded. The primary domain must explicitly list the domains it uses and which permissions they have. This greatly limits the effectiveness of cross-site scripting since the attack would find itself trapped.
I'm uncertain on exactly how the permissions should be specified. Either in the HTTP headers or as a specific endpoint on the primary domain (using an OPTIONS request).
In no way can a permission ever violate the primary sandbox. These permissions are only for the parent-child sandbox relationship. The primary sandboxes are invariably isolated.
DOM Permissions
For scripts that modify the DOM the security should also control what part of the DOM that can be modified. By default a script cannot modify the DOM at all, but giving full DOM access also isn't safe.
The permissions for DOM should allow restricting to the children of a particular element. If a page says someservice.xx may modify the DOM, by default this is limited to the node where the <script> element appears. Additional nodes can be specified by providing their id in the permissions list.
User Control
In addition to security, the sandboxes and permission lists give the user a greater degree of control and knowledge. The primary domain sandbox can be clearly identified in the browser. An option is also available to list the third-party services in use on a particular page.
A browser can offer options for the persistence of the sandbox. Instead of just holding all data forever, the user could mark a domain as being deleted after a few weeks, or deleted immediately after completion (much like the private browsing modes do). This allows the user to properly discard all sensitive data from their online banking, yet allow long-term storage for their favourite games site.
It also gives a clean way for a user to blacklist services and limit permissions. Like mobile devices ask the user for permission, so could the browser. A user may decide they don't like Google getting any data and thus blacklist Google Analytics from all pages.
Adoption
The primary sandbox can be implemented without any kind of support from major websites. All sites have to support new users and new browser installs already, so they will work fine in a sandbox. Any browser vendor could implement this right now. I imagine this to be a major selling point to many users.
The permission system doesn't strictly require the support of the service providers. This is actually the intent: the security model is not optional. A well behaved service fits fine within this new model; it should be straight-forward to define a simple set of permissions required by such services. Misbehaved services will have troubles in this model, and that is exactly what we want. It's the pressure system used to force service providers to create better services.
Using third-party services actually becomes easier in this model. Instead of fighting with a bunch of ad hoc third-party rules and the nonsensical CORS standard, a web page is now free to use the web as it was intended. A developer can use whatever services they want, they just need to specify the permissions.
I would gladly switch to a browser that offers the sandbox model.
I'm a software developer with experience in many fields, from engineering to media, from finance to games. I believe our users are entitled to high quality software and I strive to deliver it. Please contact me about working on your project, or if you'd like a talk about one of my articles.
Advertisements
Author: James G. Adams, MD (Professor and Chair, Department of Emergency Medicine, Northwestern University) // Editors: Alex Koyfman, MD (@EMHighAK) and Manpreet Singh, MD (@MPrizzleER)
Having had the opportunity to work alongside skilled emergency physicians and contribute to the training of students and residents, I have had the pleasure of observing the way that great emergency physicians think and behave. Described below are the frameworks and habits that appear to be common.
Pattern Recognition and Automaticity
The emergence of expertise in emergency medicine appears to be coincident with the development of strong, automatic recognition and response to identifiable patterns. When a 60 year-old patient complains of chest pain, or a young pregnant woman reports nausea/vomiting, or even when a person passes out, an almost instinctive framework of thought and action is called into action. Each chief complaint and triage note seems to call up a mental model that creates an initial presumption or set of likely diagnostic possibilities and treatment interventions. At the same time that the EP begins action, experienced EP also knows that pattern recognition alone is just a start. Pattern recognition is insufficient, even potentially dangerous since it could lead to a seemingly satisfactory but insufficient or frankly incorrect conclusion. So the EP continues to search for additional information, whether confirmatory or contradictory. Whether a patient presents with a fever and altered mental status, a tearing chest pain of sudden onset, or even major depression/suicidal thoughts, the EP has a core initial frame that may trigger actions but not a conclusion. The patient with fever and body aches might have a viral illness, but they might also have Lyme disease or, even more worrisome, the rare case of Ebola Viral Disease in the United States. The EP is vigilant for both typical diseases and also rare disorders. The experienced EP recognizes the common patterns but has extended fund of knowledge, training, and experience to not rely too heavily on them.
If you are interested in reading the rest of this and other EM Mindset pieces, please see “An Emergency Medicine Mindset,” a collection evaluating the thought process of emergency physicians. This book is available as ebook and print on Amazon.
Since its conception in 1907, the Scouting movement has spread from the United Kingdom to 216 countries and territories around the world. There are over 38 million Scouts and Guides worldwide, with 169 national organisations[1] governed by the World Organization of the Scout Movement and a nearly equal number governed by the World Association of Girl Guides and Girl Scouts.
Table of members [ edit ]
The World Organization of the Scout Movement recognizes at most one Scouting organization per country. Some countries have several organizations combined as a federation, with different component groups divided on the basis of religion (e.g., France and Denmark), ethnic identification (e.g., Israel), or language (e.g., Belgium). Canada is the only country to have two distinct recognized associations, which are divided by language.
a Membership data not available
Non-sovereign territories with independent WOSM member organizations [ edit ]
Countries and territories with Scouting run by overseas branches of WOSM member organizations [ edit ]
Ten of these overseas branches of accredited National Scout Organizations are considered "potential members" by the WOSM (marked by *).[8]
Sovereign countries [ edit ]
Non-sovereign territories [ edit ]
Australia [ edit ]
Denmark [ edit ]
France [ edit ]
New Zealand [ edit ]
United Kingdom [ edit ]
United States [ edit ]
'Potential member countries' listed by WOSM [ edit ]
In 2014, WOSM listed 26 sovereign countries as potential members. 10 of these were served by oversea branches of WOSM member organizations (see #Countries and territories with Scouting run by overseas branches of WOSM member organizations).
Countries with no Scouting organization [ edit ]
In 2008, WOSM listed six sovereign countries as without Scouting; the list omitted Vatican City, which is also without Scouting. The People's Republic of China now has Scouting activity on their territory, hence they have been listed in the next section (see #Other status).
Other status [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Although the number of gay characters is reportedly at an all-time high, it's not good enough for many gay rights advocates, as many of the characters are still white men.
In its annual “Where We Are on TV” report, GLAAD wrote that out of the 901 regular characters featured on broadcast scripted primetime television, 6.4 percent were gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender, and/or queer. According to GLAAD, “This is the highest percentage GLAAD has found in the history of this report.” GLAAD also added, “There were an additional 28 recurring LGBTQ characters” on those shows.
However, in the opinion of the Advocate's Daniel Reynolds, this groundbreaking new number isn't enough.
In their piece, Reynolds writes that while “LGBT Visibility Is All-Time High on TV,” it “Favors White Cisgender Men” (for those who are unaware, “cisgender” refers to anyone who is not trans).
Reynolds claims that a majority of those men—55 percent—are still “male and cisgender”:
However, diversity is still lacking, as 55 percent of LGBT roles on network television are male and cisgender. Moreover, across all platforms, most of these characters are white — 77 percent on streaming, 62 percent on broadcast, and 64 percent on cable.
Teen Vogue's Kara Nesvig also voices similar concerns in their piece on the topic. Nesvig notes:
A new study by GLAAD called Where We Are on TV reveals that while representation of LGBTQ people on TV has definitely improved and become much more inclusive than it was in the past, it's still not perfect.
Perfect, to Nesvig, is including more non-white and transgender characters:
However, the study found that there are only 17 transgender characters on broadcast, streaming, and cable ... and that most of the LGBTQ characters are male and white, proving that TV still has a ways to go with representation.
The concern over the whiteness and maleness of the representation on television is also a problem for GLAAD's president, Sarah Kate Ellis. In their statement in the GLAAD report, they write that the gay white male representation on TV is disproportionate to the real numbers in the LGBTQ community:
At its best, television should reflect the full diversity of our community and therefore our society. The LGBTQ characters who make it to TV screens tend to be white gay men, who outnumber all other parts of our community in representation on screen. In actuality, the population of the U.S. counts more women than men, and bisexual people make up the majority of the LGBTQ community. It's long past time for television to introduce more diverse LGBTQ characters on multiple levels: more queer people of color (who have long been and remain underrepresented), characters living with disabilities, stories of lesbians and bisexual women, trans characters, characters of various religious backgrounds, and characters who are shaped by existing at the intersection of multiple marginalized identities.
Even if the entertainment community is doing its best to put gays at the forefront of television, there is apparently still a problem as long as those characters are white men.
Thank you for supporting MRCTV! As a tax-deductible, charitable organization, we rely on the support of our readers to keep us running! Keep MRCTV going with your gift here!
(Image source: Franco Folini, via Flickr)
The incident took place on Tuesday evening after the suspect's car brushed the victims' motorcycle, sending both the motorcycle rider and their passenger to the ground.
One of the victims, Hanan Zuden, approached the car to complain, but the driver, Sergeant Preecha Intarangsy, 31, got angry, pulled out their gun and fired a shot.
Hanan and their friend, both students at the Prince of Songkla University's (PSU) Pattani Campus, were frightened and ran for their lives. Two more shots were fired and the sergeant shouted after them “do you think it is a toy gun?”
Hanan later told their teacher and the campus chief of security about the incident before filing a complaint with police. The campus's Student Union and its legal team helped the victims
lodge the complaint with police in the early hours yesterday.
“Both victims have now been relocated to a lodging inside the campus for their safety,” the student union's president Bukori Kamase said.
They added that Preecha had been detained at a police station in Pattani.
“We will fight for justice,” Bukori said. “Such a violent incident should have never happened, particularly by an official.”
Pattani Task Force commander Maj-General Jatuporn Klampasutra offered a public apology to the students for the soldier's conduct, saying that they had been upset after a quarrel with their wife.
They added that Preecha had been transferred to a military prison.
Preecha would be punished for violating military discipline and charged by police for frightening people and carrying and discharging a gun in public, they said.
The sergeant had rejected charges of attempted murder, Jatuporn added.
•As organisers unveil nominees at Lagos Meet & Greet party
The maiden edition of Nollywood Travel Film Festival is scheduled to take place from September 12 to 16 in Toronto, during the annual Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) holding in Canada from September 7 to 17, 2017.
The need to situate works of Nigerian motion picture practitioners within the prestigious TIFF was conceived last year, when eight Nollywood films were showcased in the city-to-city focus section of the North American film festival.
Founder of Nollywood Travel Film Festival, Mykel Parish said the unprecedented acceptance of Nigerian films by non-Africans at the 2016 edition of TIFF, was an evidence of breath of fresh air for the movie lovers, hence the need to feed the thirst of other continents with Nollywood contents.
According to Parish who is also President of African Film Consortium (AFC), since TIFF's city-to-city programme has been rested after Nollywood's outing in Toronto last year, the initiative paves the way for a suitable alternative.
As part of the build-up to the TIFF sub-festival this September, organisers of ‘Nollywood Travel Festival' held a Meet & Greet event on June 23, 2017 at The Waterside, Ikoyi, Lagos, where nominees where officially unveiled and celebrated with pomp.
Hosted by veteran Nollywood actor Richard Mofe-Damijo, celebrities at the event include Osas Ighodaro Ajibade, IK Ogbonna, Alexx Ekubo, Tope Oshin, Mykel Parish, Zakky Adze, Pretty Okafor, Andy Boyo, Sound Sultan, Oghenekaro Itene and Kingsley Omoefe among others.
Nominated short films to be screened at the film festival include The Encounter by Tolulope Ajayi; Ireti by Tope Oshin;Meet My Parents by Lonzo Nzekwe; Silence by Tolulope Ajayi and No Good Turn by Udoka Oyeka.
The feature length films are Kada River, 10 Days in Sun City, Catch.er, Lotanna, Lost in London, Excess Luggage,Esohe, Mansoor, Oloibi ri, Unveil, Slow Country, and Alter Ego.
Unveiling the nominees at the glamorous event, Parish said they and their team are excited and proud to showcase Nollywood films to the world.
They said although the festival is making debut in Toronto, other host cities include New York, London, Helsinki, Dubai, Tokyo, and Dublin.
“The Nollywood Travel Film Festival celebrates the best of Nigerian cinema and will be hosted in major cities around the world. It will be a weekend of special indoor and outdoor screenings, inspiring discussions, meeting, parties and awards,” said Parish, adding that “the initiative seeks to promote films by Nigerians living all over the world to new and existing global audiences with the aim of creating new marketplaces for Nigerian cinema.”
Holy water's cleansing properties may be overstated, according to a recent Austrian study that found an overwhelming amount of holy water springs, and all church samples, failed to meet the “microbiological and chemical requirements of national drinking water regulations.”
Given holy water's integral presence in religious ceremonies, its sanitation merits considerable scrutiny. Researchers at Institute of Hygiene and Applied Immunology at the Medical University of Vienna tested samples of holy water springs and water in church fonts, finding that 86 percent of springs contained bacteria commonly found in fecal matter, such as E. coli, Enterococci, and Campylobacter. As holy water is used to baptize and wet congregants' lips, the presence of bacteria can pose serious health risks.
"We need to warn people against drinking from these sources," said Dr. Alexander Kirschner, study researcher and microbiologist at the Medical University of Vienna.
The bacteria found in holy water, if it enters a person's bloodstream, can lead to a raft of health complications, such as diarrhea, vomiting, fever, cramping, and abdominal pain, according to the Mayo Clinic. Water drawn from springs is frequently used in human consumption, although the water is not assessed according to the same standards as regular drinking water — making it particularly susceptible to contaminated consumption.
In addition to bacteria, nitrates were also found in the researchers' samples. Nitrates are commonly used in fertilizer for their high solubility and biodegradability, and above a certain level in water can result in nitrate toxicity — infants under 6 months old being most vulnerable because of the way in which nitrates are metabolized in young bodies. This toxicity could lead to death if untreated, according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.
The researchers tested 21 springs and 18 fonts in total and found their samples contained 62 million bacteria per milliliter of water, rendering all water undrinkable. Even among the 14 percent of springs that met the microbiological and chemical requirements, “considering results from sanitary inspections of the water catchments, no spring was assessed as a reliable drinking water source,” the researchers wrote.
Holy water has such a sweeping presence around the world that the safety of its consumption has the research team alarmed. Awareness is the main challenge, they say. People need to question, as well as analyze, the sources of what they put in and on their bodies. Holy water's mysticism may paint it as an inherently pure substance, but the fact is its sources aren't held to the same standards of regular drinking water.
“We conclude that it is highly necessary to include holy springs in programs for assessment and management of water quality. Public awareness has to be raised to perceive holy springs as potential sources of illness,” the report states. “Holy water can be another source of infection, especially in hospital chapels and frequently visited churches.”
Holy water is identified as any water that has been blessed by a religious figure or member of a clergy. Numerous religions involve holy water in their practices, such as Christianity, Hinduism, and Sikhism — although many others employ the substance in some capacity.
Purifiers have made great leaps in recent decades to disinfect the water, and salt has also been used in certain concentrations to keep it hygienic. But Kirschner cautions that salt is not a reliable way to prevent infection, ABC News reports, instead suggesting priests regularly change the holy water in churches and inform congregants about holy water's risk and the history behind their springs.
“This may represent a problem that has hitherto been underestimated,” Kirschner said, “especially in hospitals, since there are a lot of people with weakened immune systems there.”
Source: Kirschner AK, Atteneder M, Schmidhuber A. Holy springs and holy water: underestimated sources of illness? Journal Of Water And Health. 2013.
A week ago, I wrote about the damning silence of Republicans in Washington when it came to the Trump presidency. In the days since, it's gotten a bit noisier.
Even as I was writing that column, John McCain — the good old plainspoken McCain we've known for most of their public life, not the evil twin who has occasionally tried to sidestep their conscience — issued a crisp rebuttal of Trump's isolationist worldview and contempt for public servants.
Then George W. Bush, the retired and retiring former president, resurfaced to deliver a remarkably eloquent speech in which they slammed “nationalism distorted into nativism” and lamented a “discourse degraded by casual cruelty.” Neither McCain nor Bush mentioned Trump by name, but neither had to.
All that had barely sunk in when Trump set about attacking Republican Sen. Bob Corker again, and Corker — who had already shared their fear that Trump could bumble into World War III — accused Trump of “debasing our country.”
And then came an absolutely stunning rebuke of the president on the Senate floor by Jeff Flake, the Republican senator who recently wrote a book challenging Trump's brand of conservatism, and who announced they would stand down for reelection rather than “be complicit” in the direction of their party.
You should take the time to read Flake's speech for yourself, but here's my favorite passage:
“We were not made great as a country by indulging or even exalting in our worst impulses, turning against ourselves, glorifying in the things that divide us, and calling fake things true and true things fake. And we did not become the beacon of freedom in the darkest corners of the world by flouting our institutions and failing to understand just how hard-won and vulnerable they are.”
Trump and the island of misfit toys that serves as their senior staff probably considered this a pretty good week. That neither Corker nor Flake is willing to risk a primary for their seat demonstrates the abiding passion of Trump's base in conservative states. No doubt they hope to replace them with allies, and they might.
But I'm guessing Trump will look back on this period as the moment when something ominous started to cohere in the Republican ranks. Because this president is headed for a serious, inevitable primary challenge — perhaps more than one. And it could be Trump, sometime in 2019, who ultimately decides to back away.
I know this might sound implausible (or maybe wishful, depending on your politics). We've seen modern presidents challenged in primaries before — Ford, Carter, the first George Bush — without any of them losing, and you'd have to go back a half century to find one (Johnson) who was forced to withdraw. Trump's standing among Republican voters still looks pretty darn strong, at least on the surface.
And Trump already clobbered their party's leading senators and governors in a bunch of contested primaries once, so it seems reasonable to think they would do it again.
Astute observers of politics will point out — as I have many times — that grassroots movements always come from the ideological extremes, rather than from party establishments. There are no centrist revolts in American politics, although there are plenty of sober symposiums attended by budget scolds and newspaper columnists.
But we've never had a president like Trump. And the thing we know from their ascent is that the rules as we once applied them are a pretty poor predictor of what happens next.
Trump isn't Ronald Reagan or even Pat Buchanan; their conflict with the Corkers and Flakes of the world, which is almost certain to expand in coming months, isn't the usual face-off between strident right and mushy center. It's not about any discernible ideology at all.
No, this is about furthering a policy agenda, on one hand, versus an agenda to expand the Trump family brand on the other. It's about Trump's celebrity and their contempt for politics versus the wing of their party that aspires to govern.
Many Arsenal fans have been shouting from the rooftops, ‘Arsenal need a world class striker in January to win the league.' There are two ways of looking at this. Yes because it would help the team put away chances which Olivier Giroud may not be doing currently. However, if Arsenal don't get that new world class striker we all want, it may not be the end of the world. This piece will try and highlight why that's the case.
Arsenal currently have the equal best defensive record, with Everton, in the EPL with 18 goals conceded in 19 matches. The current first choice back 5 of Wojceich Szczesny, Bacary Sagna, Per Mertesacker, Laurent Koscielny and Kieran Gibbs have formed a great partnership- one which Arsenal have needed for a number of seasons. If all 5 players can stay fit for the remaining matches in the season, Arsenal have a much better chance of winning the EPL title, which the club and fans desire so heavily.
An interesting and unknown fact to many Arsenal fans is that Arsenal's back 5 have never lost a Premier League game, in which they've all completed 90 minutes. This dates back to August 2011 when Per Mertesacker was signed by the Arsenal Football Club. This may seem unlikely, but each time Arsenal have lost in the 2013/14 season, 3-1 loss to Aston Villa (Koscielny sent off in the 67th minute), 1-0 Manchester United (Koscielny out, Vermaelen played) and Manchester City (Koscielny went off injured in the 42nd minute), none of the back 5 have played the entire 90 minutes. As mentioned above, the record goes well beyond this current season though.
The importance of the back 5 is further signified by the number of points gained when Arsenal keeps a clean sheet. In the 2013/14 season, excluding the Champions League and domestic cup competitions, Arsenal have picked up 2.75 points when they keep a clean sheet. Arsenal have kept 8 clean sheets for 7 wins and 1 draw. The only blip was the 0-0 draw against Chelsea on the 23rd December, where Arsenal could have scored a late winner with an Olivier Giroud shot from 5 metres being kept out via Petr Cech's outstretched foot.
In the 2012/13 season, Arsenal kept 14 clean sheets in the EPL, which saw Arsenal pick up 10 wins and 4 draws. That means Arsenal picked up 2.429 points when the team kept a clean sheet last season. This means that over the past 2 seasons, 2012/13 and 2013/14, Arsenal have picked up 2.545 points per clean sheet. This just highlights how important keeping a clean sheet is for Arsenal in their desire to win trophies! Whilst scoring goals is extremely important, the defensive display is actually more important when you can pick up 2.545 points on average when you keep a clean sheet. That equates to 97 points a season over the course of a 38 match league season.
Arsenal's disciplinary record from the back 5 has been exceptional this season, for the most part. As articles in recent days have highlighted, Per Mertesacker hasn't received a yellow card in their last 64 matches. This is an amazing statistic and shows how well Mertesacker reads the game in the defensive phase. That stat is consistent with the entire Arsenal back 5, who in 85 combined league appearances in 2013/14, have only received 6 yellows and 1 red card in the league. Whilst many defenders will misread a situation and receive a yellow card, the Arsenal back 5 have been excelling in their tackling and interception statistics, which place them high up in the league.
In conclusion, this piece isn't saying that Arsenal don't need to buy players, particularly a striker, in the January transfer window, as I believe they do. It just points out that it wouldn't be the end of the world if a signing didn't eventuate. If Arsenal can pick up clean sheets, as they have done in 8 of 19 leagues matches in 2013/14, more regularly and continue picking up 2.75 points per clean sheet, Arsenal will win the league!
Update: After Arsenal kept a clean sheet against Cardiff, the team have now kept 2.8 points on average per clean sheet. That's come from 10 matches, which is quite good from 20 matches.
Per Mertesacker also picked up a yellow card against Cardiff. Their first in 65 matches for Arsenal.
Advertisements
ABC: Two of Top Three Highest-Rated Games Across All Networks; Saturday Night Football Continues Prime Time Success
ESPN's Networks: Top Five Highest-Rated Games on Cable; 10 of Top 11
ABC's Saturday Night Football UCLA at USC: Up 16% Year-Over-Year; Los Angeles' Earns The Highest Local Rating of the Season
ABC Up 104% in Noon Game Window for Virginia at Miami
ABC was up 35% year-over-year for college football's week 12 and aired two of the three highest-rated games across all networks, including continuing its season-long prime time success with Saturday Night Football. In addition to being up for the day, the network also increased its ratings year-over year in all three individual game windows, including more than doubling its rating in the noon window. On cable, ESPN's networks aired the top five highest-rated games and 10 of the top 11.
ABC's Saturday Night Football Up 16%; Los Angeles Earns its Best Local Rating on the Season across All Networks
ABC's Saturday Night Football featuring UCLA at USC (8 p.m., ET) earned a 2.9 overnight, one of the highest-rated games of the day across all networks and besting Fox's prime time game by 163%. The rating for the battle of LA was up 16% from last season's week 12 Saturday Night Football game (Oklahoma at West Virginia).
Locally, Los Angeles was the No. 1 market, delivering a 10.5 rating, the market's best for a college football game this season across all networks: The complete top five local markets:
Rank Local Rating Market 1 10.5 Los Angeles 2 9.3 Columbus 3 5.1 San Diego 4 4,3 Dayton 5 3.9 Salt Lake
ABC Up Massive 104% in Noon Window; Miami Continues To Tune In for the Hurricanes
ABC saw its ratings for the noon window increase by a massive 104% year-over-year, as Virginia at Miami (noon, ABC) earned a 2.7 overnight, one of the top 3 highest-rated games of the week across all networks. The local rating for Hurricanes' come-from-behind victory in Miami was a 9.0, the best in the market for a non-primetime game this season.
ABC Late Afternoon Window Up 23%
Illinois at Ohio State (3:30 p.m.) earned a 2.2 rating, up 23% from the comparable window on ABC last season (regional action: Florida State at Syracuse or Texas at Kansas). The viewership for the Buckeyes' dominant win could possibly be the best in that timeslot among all networks when it is reported this week.
ESPN Delivers Second-Highest Rated Prime Time Game of the Week; Continues Season Trend of Airing Highest-Rated Games on Cable
LSU at Tennessee on ESPN (7:15 p.m.) earned a 1.6 overnight, the second highest-rated prime time game across all networks, trailing only the asupervisorstioned Saturday Night Football contest. Additionally, ESPN increased its ratings by 23% from last season's comparable window (Clemson at Wake Forest).
Led by the Tigers-Volunteers, ESPN led the way on cable, as all four Saturday games on ESPN were the highest-rated on cable for the week, while ESPN2's telecast of Ole Miss at Texas A&M (7 p.m.) was the fifth highest-rated game on cable.
-30-
Media contact: Derek Volner at 860-384-9986; [email protected] and @DerekVolner
Errol Mendes is a professor of constitutional and international law at the University of Ottawa and editor-in-chief of the National Journal of Constitutional Law.
In what country does a government take tax revenues and use it to pump out continuous government propaganda that tries to brainwash the citizens with its performance, whether truthful or not? Many would suggest China, Russia or even Zimbabwe. Sadly, it is also true in the Canada governed by the Stephen Harper Conservatives.
The opposition parties have claimed that the Harper government has authorized more than $600-million in disguised partisan ads since coming into office. These include some earlier Economic Action Plan television ads, and the newest ones announcing the yet-to-be implemented family tax benefits package – outrageously partisan.
Story continues below advertisement
When these ads announce that it will fill the pockets of taxpayers with thousands of dollars, it's a less-than-honest exhortation for viewers to vote Conservative in the upcoming 2015 election. There will, no doubt, be far more honest ads paid for by the Conservative Party with the same content once the election campaign starts and its spending will be restricted to far less than the millions that may be spent on it before the campaign actually starts.
Governments are allowed to advertise about services and programs that they are implementing, but when some of them are either untruthful, promote partisan positions or are not even authorised by Parliament, it becomes a vehicle to undermine the foundations of any democracy that values the spirit and letter of the rule of law.
Former Ontario premier Dalton McGuinty realized the democratic immorality of abusing public funds in such a manner and brought in key reforms to stop even their government from betraying the public trust by ensuring taxpayers do not fund disguised partisan ads. The McGuinty government brought in rules that requires all government ads to be reviewed and passed by the auditor-general. The holder of that office has the ability to stop clear partisan ads being funded by the taxpayer. The present national ads for the family benefits tax package would have been stopped dead in their tracks if we had a similar screening process of government ads at the federal level, especially given that they were not even passed by Parliament. Yet, it is reported that the Harper government may spend $100-million for these ads in the hope that it will give them another four years to continue abusing the public purse with similar ads after the 2015 election.
It may not be surprising that Mr. Harper has engaged in this unfair democratic subterfuge. Even back in 2000, while heading up the National Citizens Coalition, they launched court actions against the spending limits of third parties under the Canada Elections Act. With a challenge that seemed to ignore the need for ensuring electoral fairness, their conservative advocacy group used the argument of citizens' freedom of speech to ask the courts to strike down limits on third-party funding beyond a $150,000 limit during the election campaign. They failed when the Supreme Court lectured them and their group that the law was needed for electoral fairness and a level playing field in order to prevent certain groups or individuals from dominating the media and the electoral process.
Now in government – and outside the electoral period – Mr. Harper has found a way for their government to flood the media with partisan propaganda to the tune of hundreds of millions of our dollars. If such democratic subterfuge has the same effect of unfairness before an election, then the Harper government is clearly undermining the spirit of the rule of law critical to fair elections. They have, in effect, made the government a third party that is allowed to spend potentially millions of dollars, making the actual limits in the election period illusory to some extent. This deserves a profound rebuke by Canadians.
Thursday afternoon a report came out that some members of the 49ers were traveling to Miami. Eventually, Jed York tweeted out a picture of themselves with their family going to Miami, but prior to that there was some confusion as to who exactly was traveling to South Florida.
Hey @TDavenport_BSN, pretty sure I'm on a flight to MIA with my family. Keep getting you @49ers info from this guy pic.twitter.com/lXVfY02mjM — Jed York (@JedYork) February 27, 2014
People across Twitter were speculating as to what it meant. Did it mean the 49ers were talking to the Dolphins about trading Jim Harbaugh? Maybe making an effort to speak with Colin Kaepernick about contract negotiations? Or potentially talking to the Dolphins about Jonathan Martin?
As would be expected, there were plenty of rumors flying. We have done our own bit of research, and we have come up with some of the most realistic reasons Jed York could be traveling to Miami.
1. It's the big break for former NN writer (Florida) Danny Tuccitto! Jed is preparing to make them an offer they can't refuse to run the analytics department.
2. Jed York is buying up all the Miami Dolphins hats.
3. At Miami Beach, Jed York can sport their red and gold 49ers speedo.
4. Jed York is dying to rent a speed boat and pretend he's on Miami Vice.
5. After Colin Kaepernick made it on the 10 Best-Dressed Men by GQ Magazine, Jed York wanted to bump up their inner fashionista and plans to do a lot of shopping.
6. Jed York was craving Cuban food.
7. Jed York wanted to take their son, Jaxon, to their first nightclub with scantily clad women.
8. Jed York is exploring the South Beach Diet as the 49ers official team diet.
9. Jed York and their family are flying to Miami to board the Carnival Fun Ship.  They are hoping for one that doesn't catch on fire.
10.  They are low on Cuban victory cigars. #QuestForSix
11. CSI:Miami has asked Jed York to make a guest appearance.
12. Jed desperately wants to join Miami Sound Machine and Gloria Estefan promised them a tryout.
13. Jed is taking Jaxon to the two sites of 49ers Super Bowl victories (Super Bowl XXIX vs. Chargers, Super Bowl XXIII vs. Bengals). He'll give Jaxon another year before the New Orleans experience.
14. (A)  They are checking out Marlins Park and thinking of using whatever this thing is to replace the Candlestick Foghorn when the team scores a touchdown:
14. (B) Jed plans to take Jaxon to bet on the ponies at Hialeah Park.
15. D. Wade wanted to give Jed York some fashion tips.
16. Jed is going to have dinner with LeBron James to lower Donte Whitner's asking price and also put in a good word for the Golden State Warriors.
17. Jed York's wife really wants to see where Enrique Iglesias lives.
18. Jed is taking tennis lessons from Anna Kournikova.
19. Shakira invited their family over for dinner and said, when Jed talked about Harbaugh going to the Browns, their hips don't lie.
20. Jed has always dreamed of an airboat ride on the Everglades.
21. Jed York is seriously investigating if Miami is the smuggling point of drugs for the Seattle Seahawks.
22. They have an unusual interest in alligators.
23. Jed York has a meeting at the Babylon Club with Frank Lopez.
24. Jed York heard Will Smith said they could party in the city where the heat is on. All night on the beach til the break of dawn. Jed likes the girls in the car (one of them is Eva Mendes). They're all "Bienvenido a Miami."
25. It is where much of There's Something About Mary was filmed and Jed York loves that movie.
26. Jed York was going to find the Florida State girl and fix them sign.
Florida State deserves to lose just based on this sign. That 'lose' vs 'loose' struggle is real. pic.twitter.com/Imc74AZVJ7 — Krissy Brierre (@krissybri) November 2, 2013
27. There is a bright boy alert, I repeat, there is a bright boy alert
28. Jed's wife is going to make an appearance on Bravo's Real Housewives of Miami.
29. Jed York really likes one billion percent humidity.
30. Jed flew to Miami to see how fast Grant Cohn would write multiple dumb articles about it.
Now it's your turn! Give us your reasons Jed York is headed to Miami that have nothing to do with the 2014 San Francisco 49ers.
The Israeli military aims to reduce the size of closed-military sites in the West Bank and allow Palestinians who claim ownership over the lands to cultivate the area, a report of the Israeli Haaretz daily said Monday.
The decision to reduce the size of the Israel Defense Forces' closed areas in the Jordan Valley, which comes some 50 years after Israel captured the West Bank from Jordan in the 1967 Six-Day War, was revealed in the Israeli government's response to a court petition filed in the wake of a 2013 Haaretz report.
The fate of some 14 plots of land, allegedly belonging to Palestinians, but being worked by Israeli settlers since the 1980s, is still unclear, according to the report.
Following the capture of the West Bank in 1967, the Israeli military closed off the area, which lies between the security fence near the Jordanian border and the actual border, and barred Palestinians from entering the area for security concerns.
Haaretz reported in January 2013 that 5,000 dunams (over 1,200 acres) of the land were being farmed by settlers on the basis of a military commander's directive dating from the 1980s.
Following the report, a number of Palestinians petitioned the Israeli High Court, which issued a conditional order asking the state to explain why the landowners should not be allowed to farm the land.
The petitioners, represented by Taufiq Jabrin, requested that that the families in question be allowed to return to their land in place of the Israeli settlement of Mehola in the northern Jordan Valley.
Last week, the state issued a statement in response to the court, indicating that the closed military zone to the west of the security fence will be removed.
The 14 plots in the area that are not currently being cultivated will be made available to the Palestinian families claiming ownership.
According to the Haaretz report, the state has yet to announce its plans regarding the settlers in the area. For the past three years, it has been trying to persuade the Palestinians to lease the land to the IDF's Civil Administration in return for financial compensation, which the Palestinians have consistently refused.
Settlement researcher and left-wing activist Dror Etkes, told Haaretz that the IDF's decision provides additional proof of "the harmonious coexistence between what is called ‘security concerns' and the ongoing enterprise of theft and expropriation [of Palestinian lands] by the government which has flourished for the past 50 years."
"We can assume that had they not petitioned the court, the situation would have stayed the same for many more years," they added.
Taufiq Jabrin, the lawyer representing some of the Palestinians, said that "the state pretty much confessed to doing something illegal, but they have yet to decide what they want to do with it."
"They did not say they play to remove the trespassers within six months, but rather they want to hold talks between the sides. There is nothing to talk about, we want our land back."
I'll leave it to theologians and religious leaders to decide whether God cares about the ignorance of worshippers, so long as they remain worshipful, or if knowledge of religious practices and beliefs is necessary to salvation. I'm interested in the political implications of religious ignorance in this very religious country.
It seems obvious that ignorance like this enhances bigotry. The fewer people know about Islam the more likely they'll take on faith the ravings of Islamaphobes like Pam Geller. A little less obvious, and surely less noticed, is the corrosive effect of misinformation about unpopular or demonized religions on civil liberty. Muslims may be most directly effected by post 9/11 abuses, ranging from torture and summary detentions to secret blacklisting, but imbuing the government with unaccountable power to engage in these practices poses clear and present dangers to everyone's liberty.
Religious chauvinism flourishes along with bigotry when ignorance reigns: The less you know about other people's religions, the more blithely you may assert the superiority of your own, especially if you're also unfamiliar with its teachings; unfamiliarity with your own faith will not incline you to criticize its failings. Un-informed religious sanctimony is perhaps most evident in hostility toward atheists and agnostics who are routinely accused of lacking any moral compass (unlike, say, pedophile priests and the bishops and cardinals who covered for them). People are entitled to their prejudices (and, personally, I don't care if religious people assume I lack a conscience). But the bias against non-believers ensures their political under-representation. When large majorities demand that congressional candidates display strong religious beliefs, atheists or agnostic are less likely to seek office. Those who do, are apt to lie low or simply lie about their irreligiosity, like members of the military forced to hide their sexual identities.
It's impossible to quantify the effect of these religious superiority complexes on church/state separationism, but recent increases in government support for sectarian religious groups are undeniable. Some support is direct, pursuant to faith based initiatives popularized by the Bush administration; some is indirect, in the form of exemptions from general laws enjoyed by religious groups even when they engage in secular or commercial activities. Besides, public ignorance of religion is matched by ignorance of constitutional principles governing church/state relations. According to Pew's religious knowledge survey, only a little over a third of Americans understand that public schools may offer courses in comparative religion; a mere 23% know that teachers may "read from the Bible as an example of literature."
Small misunderstandings like this can be highly consequential: They promote unwarranted hostility toward secular government, based on mistaken assumptions about its hostility toward religion. No wonder so many people regard separation of church and state as a burden on religious expression, instead of an instrument of religious freedom (especially essential to minorities). It includes the freedom to learn -- if only majorities would take advantage of it.
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
A bizarre hearing in Municipal Court involving the four people accused Tuesday and charged with illegally squatting in a Bywater home.
Advertisement 'Sub-Zero,' 'Batman' defy judge in squatting case All refuse to use public defenders and are representing themselves Share Copy Link Copy
A bizarre hearing in municipal court involving the four people arrested yesterday and charged with illegally squatting in a Bywater home.The four people claim to be members of a sovereign citizens group called "Washituh Nation" and some of the four used unusual aliases in court like "Sub Zero" and "Batman".One day after they and three others were accused of illegally squatting in a Bywater home, Devon Gardner made their way into Orleans Parish Municipal Court.It was a hearing legal analysts describe as odd.Gardner and the others charged --Dana Thornton, Nickolas Adams and Louis Hendee -- got off to a bad start in the courtroom with Judge Desiree Charbonnet."They refused to stand and acknowledge their role and I think Judge Charbonnet showed patience," legal analyst John Fuller said.Hendee also refused to give their real name, only giving the alias "Sub Zero" - it's how he's listed on court records."I've heard a lot of different aliases in my time, but maybe never one of a video game character," Fuller said.Bond was set at $1,500 for Thornton, $2,500 for Gardner and $5,000 apiece for Nickolas "Batman" Adams and Hendee.Prosecutors say Adams and Hendee are homeless and may flee.The judge also said if they can make bond, all four will have to sign peace orders agreeing to stay away from the home on Rampart Street.All said they would not.Legal analysts say don't be surprised if the charges are upgraded from misdemeanors to felonies."It's serious in that it's a criminal charge but the most they face is six months in jail and knowing out DA, I haven't talked with them -- but knowing our DA, they may soon look at this as a burglary or theft which means they could be looking at years in jail," legal analyst Robert Jenkins said.The NOPD arrested the four after the homeowner, who lives in California and is selling the home, was notified that squatters were living there.In court, Gardner told the judge their name was given to them at birth by a "corporation" and they do not officially use it.All the defendants told the judge they will not use public defenders and will represent themselves.
By Moshe Weisberg
November 9, 2016 Anno Domini
Revealed: Donald Trump's connection to Hasidism in Ian
On the morning after the historic victory of Donald Trump for the U.S. presidency, many parts of the president-elect's relationship with Judaism and the haredi public are revealed to the B'hadrei Haredim. Trump is one of the donors of the Ruzhin-Bayan yeshiva in Jerusalem.
The morning after the historic victory of Donald Trump for the US presidency, many parts of the president-elect's relationship with Judaism and the ultra-Orthodox public are exposed. Bardhei Haredim learned that Trump was one of the donors to the Ruzhin-Bayan Yeshiva in Jerusalem.
As is well known, Trump's clear connection to Judaism lies first and foremost with their daughter Ivanka, who converted to Judaism after marrying their Jewish husband (Jared Kushner). Ivanka appeared during the election campaign at a Chabad synagogue in the United States and even came to the Rebbe of Chabad together with their husband.
As noted above, it turns out that Trump has deep ties with a group of Jews who support the yeshiva of Ruzin Bayan in Jerusalem, who have great admiration and close connection with the Admor of Bayan.
Thus, in the various events held for the Ruzhin Yeshiva in Bayan in the United States by the same group, the President-elect takes part in those events and grants them their support, and occasionally publishes pages of greetings in various journals.
One of the Bahian Hasidim said today to Behadrei Haredim: “It is clear that they are connected to the heart of the Jewish people and there is no doubt that they are one of the righteous gentiles who will only bring good to the people living in Zion”.
Original Article (Hebrew): http://www.bhol.co.il/mobile/article.aspx?id=110677
Opec, the oil cartel, believed it could help production. Instead, it ended up hurting itself as well as the Russian rouble, energy stocks and much more
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec), the largest crude-oil cartel in the world, wanted others to feel its pain as oil prices collapsed.
“Opec wanted … to cut off production … and they wanted other non-Opec [countries], especially in the US and Canada, to feel the pinch they are feeling,” says Abhishek Deshpande, lead oil analyst at Natixis.
But in its rush to influence others, Opec ended up hurting everyone in the process – including itself.
Low oil prices, pushed down further by Opec's meeting last week,have impacted world economies, energy stocks, and several currencies. From the fate of the Russian rouble to Venezuelan deficits to American mutual funds full of Exxon or Chevron stock, Opec's decision was the shot heard round the world for troubled commodities.
So how low could oil go?
Standard Chartered analysts expect a “chaotic” quarter ahead, saying Opec's decision to keep the production target unchanged is “extremely negative for oil prices for 2015”.
The bank slashed its 2015 average price forecast for Brent crude oil by $16 a barrel to $85.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A fisherman sails their boat in front of an oil tower Maracaibo Lake, located in the border state of Zulia, in western Caraca. With their precious oil income slipping away, some Opec members like Venezuela and Ecuador had tried in vain to convince fellow oil producers to slash production and force up prices. Photograph: Juan Barreto/AFP/Getty Images
Other forecasts are lower. Citi Research estimated an average 2015 price of $72 for WTI and $80 for ICE Brent. Natixis's Deshpande said their average 2015 Brent forecast is around $74, with WTI around $69.
These prices have real-world effects on world economies. Everyone in the sector is smarting. Deshpande said because of how Saudi Arabia uses its oil well to support its entire economy, the country's budget calls for $90 a barrel to break even, despite that the cost of production is closer to $30. Other Opec members have even higher budgetary breakevens.
Saudi Arabia is sitting on a “war chest” of money it stockpiled when prices were high, Deshpande said. Citi analysts said Saudi Arabia has about $800bn in cash reserves. Venezuela, on the other hand, is a prime example of a country squandering its riches. Citi said for every $10 drop in oil prices Venezuela loses about $7.5bn in revenues.
“Already weak fiscally, this should call for reducing energy subsidies. But domestic politics including the 2015 election makes this nearly impossible,” they said.
Opec countries as a whole could lose $200bn in revenue if Brent prices stay at $80, which is about $600 per capita annually, Citi said.
How did things get so bad?
Last week, when Opec nixed the idea of cutting its targeted production level of 30m barrels a day, the decision roiled the global crude oil markets. The news sent prices down 10% for the three main oil prices: US benchmark, West Texas Intermediate, and the Brent global benchmark. On Monday prices came off their Friday lows, but much of the damage remains intact.
In the short term, meaning at least for the rest of 2014 and for the first half of 2015, prices are likely to be weaker than production will overshoot the expected demand.
The picture may be clearer in the second half of the year as production growth in the US shale oil fields taper off and output elsewhere slows later in 2015.
It's the longer-term outlook that may really change and can hurt the cartel.
In essence, Opec has declared open season. Opec's decision may cause some of the US shale-oil producers to look for ways to save on costs, and other non-Opec producers may try to find ways to lower their production costs.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Picture released by the Venezuelan presidency's press office showing President Nicolas Maduro during the closing act of the first Congress of Venezuela's Working Class. Photograph: Miguel Angulo/AFP/Getty Images
Here are the consequences: countries like Venezuela and Nigeria, which are already facing social unrest, may see even more domestic trouble. They didn't have the fiscal or investment discipline to invest in their industry or save for a rainy day when they were flush with cash. The Middle East members of Opec may be able to sweat out several months of low crude oil prices.
For the rest of the world economy, low oil prices are a boon. They can help global gross domestic product growth. The International Monetary Fund (IMF) estimates that each $10 a barrel fall in oil prices increases world growth by 0.2%.
In the US, for instance, the lower oil prices may spur growth by boosting discretionary spending by Americans.
Don't tell that to Europe and Japan. Weaker energy prices will be another demon to fight in their attempts to keep away deflation.
As oil supply outstrips demand, some industries will feel the pinch.
These low oil prices will hamper investment in infrastructure development, particularly outside the US. David Pursell, managing director at Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co, an energy investment and merchant banking firm, says international exploration record is “abysmal”.
It's likely that companies that supply shale oil – obtained by fracking – and crude oil will slow down operations.
Already some big producers like Apache announced production cuts even before the Opec meeting, and they said to expect more announcements from others in December and January.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Nigeria's Minister of Petroleum Resources Diezani Alison-Madueke. Alison-Madueke was elected the president Opec in November. Photograph: Dieter Nagl/AFP/Getty Images
In 2014 the US pumped about 11m barrels a day of both crude oil and natural gas combined.
Pursell said an average price of $70 WTI will mean no further expansion of US shale oil.
Their firm still estimates US crude oil production will grow by 500,000 barrels daily next year, but that will come in the beginning of 2015 as firms halt expansion. 2016's output to see now added growth, they said, as firms forgo drilling for new wells.
The low prices mean it will be harder for firms to raise cash either through debt financing or by issuing new shares of stock.
“A lot of companies are sitting down as we speak with board members figure out capex [capital expenditures] next year,” they said.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Security staff pushes journalists back as a meeting of OPEC oil ministers is due to begin at OPEC's headquarters in Vienna. Photograph: Heinz-Peter Bader/Reuters
What happens next?
Don't get used to cheap oil forever, Pursell said.
There might be a supply glut now, but when global growth increases, it will sponge up the excess.
“The only scenario where the US can't grow and oil stays at these levels is if global demand is in tatters for the next two to three years. And we don't believe that will happen,” they said.
Adam Longson, analyst at Morgan Stanley, agreed the lack of investment could push prices much higher in 2017 and 2018. Some international projects that were supposed to be developed are expensive and may be mothballed, meaning that when demand rises, supply might not be able to keep up. That could cause prices to rise sharply.
Consumers get whiplash from big swings in oil prices, they said. That ultimately hurts demand as it gives buyers reasons to “wean [themselves] off oil”, they added. Unlike in the past, there the potential for users to go to alternative energies is greater.
“The potential for substitution at higher oil prices is quite substantial, and permanent once in place,” they said.
The planning application for the overhauled St Michael's scheme has been submitted, and validated, by Manchester City Council, launching a phase of public consultation which will be extended beyond its statutory 21 days until the 31 January.
After facing a widespread backlash when two high-rise black-clad towers were first revealed in 2016, St Michael's director Gary Neville swapped lead architect Make for local favourite Hodder + Partners earlier this year, and consideration of the planning application was paused in March to allow for the overhaul.
A redesign was revealed in August, showing one tower instead of two, and retaining historic elements on the Bootle Street site, rather than demolishing them as previously proposed.
Hodder's proposals are for a lozenge-shaped tower, reaching up to 39 storeys, including a five-storey podium. The building will be clad in bronze anodized aluminium.
St Michael's has previously been given a £200m development value. The St Michael's partnership is made up of directors and ex-footballers Gary Neville and Ryan Giggs, Manchester City Council, developer Brendan Flood, Singaporean funder Rowsley, and Beijing Construction Engineering Group. Zerum is planning advisor.
Overall, the scheme will include residential, hotel, offices, public realm, a new synagogue, and f&b outlets, with the Abercromby pub and the façade of Bootle Street Police Station incorporated.
The St Michael's team is hoping that the application will make it on to the agenda for Manchester City Council's March planning committee. If approved, “in a perfect world” Neville said the scheme would start on site next year.
St Michael's in numbers:
40 floors/140m to the roof
189 apartments
216 hotel bedrooms
Synagogue on first floor
Retail/restaurant units on pretty much every ground floor frontage
Office: 147, 690 sq ft
Hotel from floors 6 to 18
Residential from floors 19 to 39
Conference facilities on the fourth and fifth floors
Spa on second and third
Click any image below to launch gallery
IITATE, Japan—Many residents of Fukushima prefecture are still angry about the nuclear disaster five years ago that contaminated towns, farm fields and forests. But as the cleanup continues, local governments and some business owners here are channeling their frustration into something positive: clean-energy development.
Fukushima prefecture, about 150 miles (240 kilometers) north of Tokyo and roughly the size of Connecticut, was the site of the devastating meltdown of the Daiichi nuclear-power plant following an earthquake and tsunami in March 2011. Since then, most of Japan's 50-plus nuclear plants, which were shut down after the accident for a safety review, have remained off line.
Determined to move away from nuclear energy permanently, local governments in Fukushima, as well as some local entrepreneurs, have taken advantage of national subsidies and embraced solar and wind power. Even as Japan's overall move toward renewables appears to be stalling amid resistance from utilities and cheap fossil-fuel imports, the prefecture has made progress on its goal of generating 100% of the power its residents use from green sources by 2040.
New solar, wind and geothermal power generators, combined with Fukushima's already abundant supply of hydropower, have boosted the share of renewable energy in the prefecture's total power supply to more than one-quarter from one-fifth in 2009. By comparison, renewables made up just 14% of Japan's overall energy production in the year ended in March.
Fukushima wants a “zero nuclear” power supply, says government spokesperson Norihiro Nagao.
Among the business owners who have jumped into the fray is Minoru Kobayashi, 64, who ran a cattle farm about 25 miles inland from the Daiichi plant before the accident. Radioactive contamination forced them and their family to evacuate, along with their cattle, and the government tore down the family's home and everything else within a 20-meter radius of the house.
Left with fields that couldn't be used for farming, Mr. Kobayashi, along with a group of local farmers and investors, built four 50-kilowatt solar arrays on their land and plan to build 12 more by the end of next year. The group is selling power to the local utility at prices set by the government and expects to turn a profit by the end of this year. (The company signed power contracts with the local utility when prices were between 27 and 32 yen (26 to 31 cents) a kilowatt-hour. The current rate is 24 yen a kilowatt-hour.)
Mr. Kobayashi says solar power represents more than just a business opportunity to them and their partners. “We welcome renewable energy as a protest to the nuclear power plant,” says Mr. Kobayashi.
Elsewhere, Yauemon Sato, who ran their family's 226-year-old sake brewery for more than two decades, started the solar-power developer Aizu Electric Power Co. in Fukushima in 2013 with a group of friends and local business associates. The company has built 21 small and medium-size solar arrays and a one-megawatt solar farm in northern Fukushima. They say the new clean-energy businesses will create jobs and boost the economy.
“We started this company as part of a social-justice movement,” Mr. Sato says.
Some business owners are even hoping renewable energy will become a tourist attraction.
In Tsuchiyu Onsen, a resort area known for its natural hot springs and proximity to national parks, local hotel owners joined forces to build a 400-kilowatt geothermal power generator and a small hydroelectric generator.
It has become a new selling point for the resort area, says Katsuichi Kato, 68, president of Genki Up Tsuchiyu Co. “There are many other hot springs towns,” they say. “We had to create a new industry: renewable energy tourism.”
Ms. Sweet is a Wall Street Journal reporter in San Francisco. Email cassandra.sweet@wsj.com.
What happened to the Arab Spring in Syria? Amid a terrible, grinding war now in its fourth year, and a wave of jihadist violence extending from Aleppo and Baghdad to Paris and Brussels, it is sometimes hard to remember that many of the original participants in the uprisings of 2011 aspired to something dramatically different. As with their counterparts in Tunisia and Egypt, the Syrian protesters who took to the streets that spring were neither armed fighters nor militant Islamists; they were university students, civil society activists, and ordinary Syrians who demanded democratic freedoms and an end to the Baathist regime of Bashar al-Assad. And yet, from the outset, Syria—a security state with anti-Western credentials run by the minority Alawite sect—was a complicated case, and many Arab intellectuals, seemingly a natural constituency for the revolutionaries, disagreed about which side to support.
Consider the Syrian-Lebanese poet Adonis, a leading public intellectual in the Middle East and arguably the most influential Arab poet of the twentieth century. Adonis (who was born in Syrian Lattakia but now lives primarily in Paris) greeted the uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt with enthusiasm. For him, “the spark of Bouazizi”—the Tunisian fruit vendor whose self-immolation lit the fuse of the revolts—cast a pitiless light on the region's autocracies and promised a new stage in Arab history, free of the violence and divisions of the past. And yet, when the spark landed in Syria, Adonis' enthusiasm cooled.
Although their criticism of the regime in Damascus was unambiguous—the Baathists were the latest in a long line of despots who had humiliated, imprisoned, and massacred their subjects—he was notably stingy in their support for the protesters. A central theme of Adonis' political writings is the need to separate politics from religion, and what concerned them most about Syria was the opposition's secular bona fides, or lack thereof. “I will never agree to participate in a demonstration that comes out of the mosque,” they wrote. They worried that the protesters were not sufficiently committed to these secular ideas, that “moderate Islam” was a contradiction in terms, and that Syria's minorities might find life after Assad worse than it was under him.
To their critics, Adonis' arguments were suspiciously similar to the rhetoric coming from Damascus. As soon as the revolts erupted, the regime warned Syria's minorities that the only thing standing between them and Sunni revanchism was the Baathist state. Other critics recalled that Adonis had supported the Iranian revolution in 1979—a position they quickly recanted—and accused them of harboring a sectarian agenda (like the ruling family, Adonis hails from a Shia-Alawite background). Four years later, however, Adonis' guardedness toward the protesters may seem justifiable. The civil war has long since divided on sectarian lines, and the most powerful factions of the opposition have turned out to be Sunni extremists. Was Adonis' wariness toward the revolution a matter of evasion or was it prudent realism?
One of the challenges to answering this question is our limited understanding of what actually happened during the first months of the uprising, before the opposition became explicitly sectarian and armed by foreign powers. There is little doubt the insurrection arose chiefly in Sunni neighborhoods and rural areas, and a few of the early demonstrators adopted slogans like “Christians to Beirut and Alawis to the grave.” But this doesn't mean the character and culture of the early opposition was itself sectarian. It may simply reflect the resentment of popular Sunni classes at their exclusion from the Baathist state's largesse. (Eighty percent of Syria's Alawis worked for the state at the time of the uprising.) The regime, hoping to solidify its domestic support as well as to convince the West that it was fighting terrorists, certainly did its best to turn the struggle into a sectarian one. It also did its best to force the opposition to become violent—a sure prelude to internationalizing the conflict, since guns cost money.
For an introduction to the ideas and culture of the original Syrian protesters—about which Adonis has curiously little to say—one can scarcely do better than Syria Speaks, an anthology of visual and literary work, most of it from the early days of the uprising. Published by Saqi Books, an independent London-based publishing house of Arab and English-language books, Syria Speaks includes political posters, stencils, cartoons, photography, rap lyrics, fiction and poetry, along with essays tracing the cultural and political background of this work. Much of the material gathered in the book was made in the ambit of Local Coordinating Committees, a loose network of civil society groups at the forefront of the early revolts (and now increasingly beleaguered), which have their roots in leftist opposition groups of the 1970s and 80s. Insofar as the original protests had any kind of organizational structure or political platform, it was mainly provided by the LCCs.
It is striking how closely these works of art model the sort of civil society that Adonis called for. The culture one finds here is pacifist, anti-sectarian, and feminist. The artists do not shy from slogans (sometimes that is the whole point) and so their political commitments are clear. Their posters, for example, call for civil disobedience and deplore the regime's choice to confront peaceful protesters with guns. Other works depict the results of this policy of repression à l'outrance: martyred children, political prisoners stuffed into cells, a rosary made of human heads. But this is to make the art sound more earnest and less pleasurable than it often is. The best work is blackly humorous, profane, or bluntly insulting—for instance, a stencil by Alaa Ghazal of Bashar al-Assad's face with the caption, “Step here.”
The cheeky humor of Egyptian protesters in Tahrir, often in the form of chanted couplets, was part of what made that revolt so appealing. In Syria, the humor was just as evident, though it was often extremely dark—a kind of mordant satire bordering on hysteria. (Given Syria's history as a police state, it is no surprise that the Western authors most prized by Syrian readers and writers are those with a taste for the ironical and absurd: Kafka, Orwell, Beckett, Ionesco.) Sulafa Hijazi's image of a Ferris-wheel with armed men pointing guns at each other, or another of someone pushing their head through one wall of a cage only for it to reenter through another, are terrible emblems of Syria's predicament, and also undeniably witty. Indeed, it is only the visual wit that makes them bearable to look at.
In other words, the sensibility of these Syrian artists is a mirror image of regime culture. Rather than the slickly monumental imagery of the Baath, the art of the revolutionaries is typically satirical, small-scale, and improvisatorial. In the words of Chad Elias and Zaher Omareen, whose essay on documentary filmmaking in Syria is one of the best in the book, these artists are engaged in “a non-specialized and popular activity.” Whereas government slogans and propaganda fetishize the image of the leader, the revolutionaries often deal with collective or anonymous subjects: women, orphans, dissenters.
The artistic collective, Abounaddara, is a striking example of this tendency. Founded in April 2011, and largely composed of self-taught filmmakers, Abounaddara regularly posts short documentary films (with exceptionally good English subtitles) on its website. The films feature ordinary, usually unnamed Syrians—though there are armed militants as well—talking about their lives before and during the civil war. In its focus on the everyday, including the everyday of violent conflict, the documentaries present a rich and detailed vision of the life that goes on beyond the headlines.
Abounaddara is not the only such collective that emerged during the early revolts. Al-sha‘ab al-suri ‘arif tariqahu (The Syrian People Knows Its Way)—the name suggesting that Syria no longer needs a leader—is a group of graphic designers, calligraphers, and students who put their work online for protestors to print out and carry to demonstrations. The posters borrow from several styles of leftist art, from early Soviet abstraction to the iconography of Palestinian guerillas. Often, the written captions, in elegant typography, play off the stark images. In one poster, a female figure covers their face with a veil, announcing, “I'm going out to demonstrate.” The Arabic verb for “to demonstrate,” atazahar, suggests the process of “appearing” or “becoming visible” (as in the French manifester). So the poster says something more complicated than it may seem to at first blush, something like, “I, a woman, am I hiding my private identity, so that I may be seen (anonymously) in a public protest.” One often assumes that slogans have to be simple to be effective, but these posters argue otherwise.
For understandable reasons, much of the work in Syria Speaks is testimonial, blurring the boundary between aesthetics and journalism. Once the regime closed the country to foreign reporters and restricted news to official sources, citizen journalists filled the vacuum with mobile phones and cameras. Much of the work done by the LCCs in the early days of the uprising was to coordinate these informal efforts, in an attempt to keep fellow citizens informed as well as to alert the outside world to what was happening on the ground. Some of the images produced and distributed in this way have more than documentary interest. Lens Young has separate Facebook pages for several Syrian cities—Damascus, Aleppo, Hama, Homs, and others—each one filled with somber and troublingly beautiful scenes of urban destruction, much like photographs of Beirut before and after that civil war. Amid images of entire city blocks of wreckage, are here and there a poignant or horrifying human detail: a family photograph, a decapitated doll. Looking at them, one often thinks of Goya's Disasters of War and their laconic caption to a scene of fleeing civilians, “Yo lo vi,” “I saw it.”
Many of the literary works in Syria Speaks are also eyewitness accounts of the unfolding drama. The book begins with a diaristic piece by the novelist Samar Yazbek, whose memoir, A Woman in the Crossfire, was one of the earliest books about the revolution to be translated into English. The diary records their meeting with a former regime soldier, who tells them of their decision to defect after a friend is killed by their officer for refusing to rape civilians. Another short piece is by Yara Badr, wife of the imprisoned activist Mazen Darwish, about their own stint in the regime's prisons:
You don't need to think hard to remember the dictionary of torture techniques you have been told about—the Flying Carpet, the German Chair, the electric chair, solitary confinement…In the darkness of the cell I could see names and words scribbled on the walls by those who had been brought here before me.
The scholar Miriam Cooke speaks elsewhere in the anthology of “the domination of the [prison] cell over the Syrian imagination,” and indeed Badr's essay is one of many selections that evoke the claustrophobia of life under the Baath—and, by contrast, the joys of going out into the street to demonstrate. In their poem “Tashriqa: Prayer for Homs,” Faraj Bayrakdar imagines a time when
You are safe from whatever you say or don't say,
believers and nonbelievers,
all those who lit up the city's promises
with candles in their fingers.
If one views the essays and artistic statements collected in Syria Speaks as representative of the early uprising, it is impossible not to feel an enormous sense of disappointment about what has happened since, just as it is impossible not to wonder why Adonis didn't ally themselves more wholeheartedly with the artists and revolutionaries one finds here. Perusing the contributor notes at the back of the book, one reads with dismay how many of them are now living abroad (others, of course, do not have that choice), and as of this writing, at least one of them, Mazen Darwish, is in Damascus Central Prison. In their courage, humor, defiance, and occasional moment of optimism, these works already seem to belong to another era—before sectarian war and waves of refugees made the idea of revolution seem quaint.
Syria Speaks: Art and Culture from the Frontline, edited by Malu Halasa, Zaher Omareen, and Nawara Mahfoud, is published by Saqi Books in London.
A nearby black-hole unexpectedly burst into a gleaming, flickering flare last June. For months, the black hole known as V404 Cygni became the brightest X-ray object you could see from Earth as it sputtered in several minute- to hour-long flashes. Even with just a dinky backyard telescope a person could watch it flicker in visible light.
But this awesome outburst had the scientific community befuddled. What was behind the black-hole's weird, irregular pulsing?
Today that question has been answered. A team of more than 60 astrophysicists and astronomers—led by Mariko Kimura, an astronomer at Kyoto University in Japan—announced the cause of the strange fluctuations of light seen from V404 Cygni and other gleaming black-holes like it. The new theory, which is backed up by dozens of observations from telescopes across the world, is published in the journal Nature.
A Black Hole Mystery, Illuminated
Kimura's idea is relatively straightforward, but it helps to first understand how a black hole, a point from which no light can escape, can actually shine. This particular black hole, V404 Cygni, is continually fed by a nearby star slightly smaller than our sun. As these objects orbit each another, the star's gas is slowly siphoned in a steady stream. This gas forms a bright disk around the black hole before it gets sucked into the unknown. It is that disk of surrounding gas, not the black-hole itself, that can shine by erupting in x-ray and visible light.
What was behind the black-hole's weird, irregular pulsing?
Scientists had long suspected that the strange flickering of light they see from a black hole's disk during an intense flare-up might be caused by the irregular speed at which the star's gas is siphoned. The basic idea here is that the faster gas comes in, the brighter the disk gets. The slower it comes in, the dimmer.
Not so, says Kimura's team. Thanks to V404 Cygni's relative proximity to Earth (a mere 8,000 light years) the astronomers saw that the black-hole's pulsations of light were seemingly unrelated to the flow of incoming gas. Rather, Kimura says, the flickering light is almost entirely the result of the size of the gas disk, not the incoming flow. The size of that disk depends on how far away a black-hole's source of fuel lies. The closer the star, the smaller the disk.
Here's how the theory works in action. As gas from the inner part of the disk—the stuff that's right up next to the black hole's edge—is sucked into the black hole, glowing hot gas from the outer rim moves in to replace it. But if the disk is large enough, that motion is irregular, causing a sort of sloshing in the gas that erratically flashes light. This is why V404 Cygni flickered with such extreme levels of light. The star orbits a black hole 10 times its massive ever six and a half days. Do the math, the scientists say, and that allows for a disk with 55 quintillion tons of gas.
How To Spot It
Kimura says that 10 amateur astronomers using personal telescopes as small as 20 centimeters, "provided valuable data of V404 Cygni's repetitive violent fluctuations" which was instrumental for forming this new understanding of black-holes. In fact, with a bit more powerful backyard equipment, you can still spy V404 Cygni today.
"Observations over the past few nights show that... under good conditions and dark skies... a [roughly] 30 cm telescope should be able to catch it," says Poshak Gandhi, an astronomer at the University of Southampton who did not collaborate with Kimura's team, via email.
Still, there are two challenges in seeing this phenomenon. For one thing, they say, V404 Cygni "is strongly variable on timescales of hours or less, and sporadically fades. The second problem is that, unfortunately, V404 Cygni "also happens to lie close to the Sun as seen from Earth (because of Earth's orbit, the position of the Sun relative to background stars changes," they write. "So V404 Cygni is only visible near the local horizon for about an hour or so at sunset, and there is only a short window of opportunity to try and observe it now before its proximity to the Sun renders it invisible until March."
If you want to find it now, before it temporarily falls behind the sun for the next few months, "a rough guide is that the object lies on the leading edge of southern wing of the swan [constellation] represented by Cygnus, about 4.6 degrees west of the bright naked eye star epsilon Cygni. It lies approximately along the line connecting epsilon and eta Cygni, two of the bright stars of the Cygnus constellation."
Happy hunting, black hole-gazers.
Computer addiction can be described as the excessive or compulsive use of the computer which persists despite serious negative consequences for personal, social, or occupational function.[1] Another clear conceptualization is made by Block, who stated that "Conceptually, the diagnosis is a compulsive-impulsive spectrum disorder that involves online and/or offline computer usage and consists of at least three subtypes: excessive gaming, sexual preoccupations, and e-mail/text messaging".[2] While it was expected that this new type of addiction would find a place under the compulsive disorders in the DSM-5, the current edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, it is still counted as an unofficial disorder.[3] The concept of computer addiction is broadly divided into two types, namely offline computer addiction and online computer addiction. The term offline computer addiction is normally used when speaking about excessive gaming behavior, which can be practiced both offline and online.[4] Online computer addiction, also known as Internet addiction, gets more attention in general from scientific research than offline computer addiction, mainly because most cases of computer addiction are related to the excessive use of the Internet.[1]
Although addiction is usually used to describe dependence on substances, addiction can also be used to describe pathological Internet use. Experts on Internet addiction have described this syndrome as an individual being intensely working on the Internet, prolonged use of the Internet, uncontrollable use of the Internet, unable to use the Internet with efficient time, not being interested in the outside world, not spending time with people from the outside world, and an increase in their loneliness and dejection.[5] However, simply working long hours on the computer does not necessarily mean someone is addicted.[6]
Symptoms [ edit ]
Being drawn by the computer as soon as one wakes up and before one goes to bed.
Replacing old hobbies with excessive use of the computer and using the computer as one's primary source of entertainment and procrastination
Lacking physical exercise and/or outdoor exposure because of constant use of the computer, which could contribute to many health problems such as obesity
Effects [ edit ]
Excessive computer use may result in, or occur with:
Lack of face to face social interaction
Computer vision syndrome
Causes [ edit ]
Kimberly Young[7] indicates that previous research links internet/computer addiction with existing mental health issues, most notably depression. They state that computer addiction has significant effects socially such as low self-esteem, psychologically and occupationally which led many subjects to academic failure.
According to a Korean study on internet/computer addiction, pathological use of the internet results in negative life impacts such as job loss, marriage breakdown, financial debt, and academic failure. 70% of internet users in Korea are reported to play online games, 18% of which are diagnosed as game addicts which relates to internet/computer addiction. The authors of the article conducted a study using Kimberly Young's questionnaire. The study showed that the majority of those who met the requirements of internet/computer addiction suffered from interpersonal difficulties and stress and that those addicted to online games specifically responded that they hoped to avoid reality.[8]
Types [ edit ]
Computers nowadays rely almost entirely on the internet and thus relevant research articles relating to internet addiction may also be relevant to computer addiction.
Gaming addiction: a hypothetical behavioral addiction characterized by excessive or compulsive use of computer games or video games, which interferes with a person's everyday life. [9] Video game addiction may present itself as compulsive gaming, social isolation, mood swings, diminished imagination, and hyper-focus on in-game achievements, to the exclusion of other events in life. [10] [11]
a hypothetical behavioral addiction characterized by excessive or compulsive use of computer games or video games, which interferes with a person's everyday life. Video game addiction may present itself as compulsive gaming, social isolation, mood swings, diminished imagination, and hyper-focus on in-game achievements, to the exclusion of other events in life. Social media addiction: Data suggest that participants use social media to fulfill their social needs, but are typically dissatisfied.[12] Lonely individuals are drawn to the Internet for emotional support. This could interfere with "real life socializing" by reducing face-to-face relationships.[13] Some of these views are summed up in an Atlantic article by Stephen Marche entitled Is Facebook Making Us Lonely?, in which the author argues that social media provides more breadth, but not the depth of relationships that humans require and that users begin to find it difficult to distinguish between the meaningful relationships which we foster in the real world, and the numerous casual relationships that are formed through social media.[14]
Diagnostic Test [ edit ]
Many studies and surveys are being conducted to measure the extent of this type of addiction. Kimberly Young has created a questionnaire based on other disorders to assess the level of addiction. It is called the Internet Addict Diagnostic Questionnaire or IADQ. The questionnaire asks users about their online usage habits as well as their feelings about their internet usage. According to the IADQ sample, Internet Addiction resembles that of a Gambling disorder. Answering positively to five out of the eight questions on the IADQ may be indicative of an online addiction. [15]
Origin of the term and history [ edit ]
Observations about the addictiveness of computers and more specifically computer games date back at least to the mid 1970s. Addiction and addictive behavior was common among the users of the PLATO system at the University of Illinois.[16] British e-learning academic Nicholas Rushby suggested in their 1979 book, An Introduction to Educational Computing, that people can be addicted to computers and suffer withdrawal symptoms. The term was also used by M. Shotton in 1989 in their book Computer Addiction. However, Shotton concludes that the 'addicts' are not truly addicted. Dependency on computers, they argue, is better understood as a challenging and exiting pastime that can also lead to a professional career in the field. Computers do not turn gregarious, extroverted people into recluses; instead they offer introverts a source of inspiration, excitement and intellectual stimulation. Shotton's work seriously questions the legitimacy of the claim that computers cause addiction.
The term became more widespread with the explosive growth of the Internet, as well the availability of the personal computer.[17] Computers and the Internet both started to take shape as a personal and comfortable medium which could be used by anyone who wanted to make use of it. With that explosive growth of individuals making use of PCs and the Internet, the question started to arise whether or not misuse or excessive use of these new technologies could be possible as well. It was hypothesized that, like any technology aimed specifically at human consumption and use, that abuse could have severe consequences for the individual in the short term and for the society in the long term.[18] In the late nineties people who made use of PCs and the internet where already referred to the term webaholics or cyberholics. Pratarelli et al. suggested at that point already to label "a cluster of behaviors potentially causing problems" as computer or Internet addiction.[17]
There are other examples of computer overuse that date back to the earliest computer games. Press reports have furthermore noted that some Finnish Defence Forces conscripts were not mature enough to meet the demands of military life, and were required to interrupt or postpone military service for a year. One reported source of the lack of needed social skills is overuse of computer games or the Internet. Forbes termed this overuse "Web fixations", and stated that they were responsible for 12 such interruptions or deferrals over the 5 years from 2000–2005.[dead link][19][20]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Works cited
Atlanta Browncoats backup site Welcome fellow Browncoats! We're based in Atlanta, Georgia and are known to have all manner of fun! The Atlanta Browncoats formed in the fall of 2005 and has been going strong ever since! We've held nine successful theatrical screenings of Serenity to benefit Equality Now($17,089.99) and the Atlanta Community Food Bank($3,749.60 and 1,721lb. of food). We meet every third Sunday at 1PM at Manuel's Tavern, come join us!
What do we do?
On the laid-back end of the spectrum, we meet monthly and discuss Firefly, plus whatever other science fiction mischief we're into. We also hang out during Dragon*Con. However, our big event of the year is Atlanta's participation in the world-wide screening of Serenity to benefit Joss' favorite charity Equality Now.
Atlanta Charity Screening of Serenity
CSTS 2015 and the Atlanta Community Food Bank!
Sunday, September 27, 2015
This just in!
The ever-generous Plaza Theatre has offered to donate a ticket to a future film (1 per person, $12 value) for each attendee who brings canned food donations. So, essentially, showing up for this charity drive and cleaning out your pantry pays for itself!! Come on out, and see what the spirit of Atlanta is all about while having a wonderful time!
Sunday, September 27, 2015 Time: 6:00pm - 9:00pm (Silent Auction/Prize drawing 6-6:45. Screening at 7)
Location: Atlanta Plaza Theatre, 1049 Ponce De Leon Ave, Atlanta, GA Tickets $15. Early bird special discount! (Now until the end of Dragon*Con *extended to 9/9) 1 for $12 or 2 for $20 Buy one regularly priced ticket at $15 and get a second ticket for just $5 more. Bring a friend along for just $5 more! Purchase your tickets here! Learn more about the screening!
CSTS 2014 and the Atlanta Community Food Bank!
Sunday, September 28, 2014
This just in!
The ever-generous Plaza Theatre has offered to donate a ticket to a film (1 per person, $12 value) for each attendee who brings canned food donations. So, essentially, showing up for this charity drive and cleaning out your pantry pays for itself!! Come on out, and see what the spirit of Atlanta is all about while having a wonderful time!
Sunday, September 28, 2014 Time: 6:00pm - 9:00pm (Silent Auction/Prize drawing 6-6:45. Screening at 7)
Location: Atlanta Plaza Theatre, 1049 Ponce De Leon Ave, Atlanta, GA Tickets $15. Early bird special discount! (Now until the end of Dragon*Con) 1 for $12 or 2 for $20 Buy one regularly priced ticket at $15 and get a second ticket for just $5 more. Bring a friend along for just $5 more! Purchase your tickets here! Learn more about the screening!
Marc Levy/Associated Press
A top Pennsylvania Republican's remark this weekend that the state's new voter ID law would help Mitt Romney win the state has reignited a debate over whether the law is intended to curb fraud, as Republicans say, or to depress Democratic turnout, as Democrats charge.
The remark was made by Mike Turzai, the state's House majority leader, when they spoke over the weekend to a meeting of the Republican State Committee and ticked off a number of recent conservative achievements by Pennsylvania's Republican-led legislature.
“Voter ID, which is gonna allow Governor Romney to win the state of Pennsylvania, done,” they said, according to a report on PoliticsPA.com, a Web site that covers political news.
When Pennsylvania passed a law this year requiring voters to show photo identification before casting ballots, Democrats warned that it would make it harder for many of their supporters — including young voters, and members of minorities — to cast ballots. A number of the state's colleges, for instance, will have to change the identification cards they issue so students will be able to use them to vote.
A spokesperson for Mr. Turzai, Stephen Miskin, said that the remarks, which were made Saturday in Hershey, Pa., were simply meant to underscore that combating voter fraud was important and that doing so would level the playing field in the next election.
They declined to say if they thought that fraud had played a role in past presidential elections in Pennsylvania.
LOS ANGELES -- Texas won its third NCAA men's golf championship Sunday, defeating Alabama when senior Dylan Frittelli drained a 20-foot birdie putt at Riviera Country Club.
With the match tied at two, Frittelli came to the 18th hole all square with Cory Whitsett. After Whitsett's birdie chip came up well short, the South African drained their birdie opportunity.
"I don't even know what happened," Frittelli said. "It was all a blur. I just wanted to make that putt. It was amazing."
Alabama took the first two matches. Hunter Hamrick defeated Julio Vegas 6 and 5, and Bobby Wyatt knocked in a 30-foot chip from behind the green to down Toni Hakula, 1 up.
Texas then won the next two matches. Jordan Spieth closed out fellow first-year student Justin Thomas, 3 and 2. Cody Gribble defeated Scott Strohmeyer, 2 and 1, to improve to 3-0 in match play, leaving it up to Frittelli.
"It came down to the last hole with two great players," Texas coach John Fields said. "Dylan did something fantastic. We are so fortunate."
Texas also won NCAA championships in 1971 and '72, when former PGA Tour golfers and major championship winners Ben Crenshaw and Tom Kite were on the team.
"This was a classic 1 vs. 2 matchup," Alabama coach Jay Seawell said. "You hate to lose, but Texas did what they needed to do, and they are a great team."
US special operations forces are on the ground in Syria assisting Kurdish forces fighting the Islamic State, the head of the US military's Central Command reportedly told a Senate committee on Wednesday.
General Lloyd Austin revealed to the Senate Armed Services Committee that US Special Operations Forces are "engaged with YPG" Kurdish forces in the war-torn country, NBC reported.
Austin said that the special operations team was there to "advise and assist" and that they were "not engaged in any combat operations".
Kurdish fighters in the People's Protection Units (YPG) in northern Syria have been at the forefront of the fight against IS and now autonomously control a vast swathe of territory captured from the group and Syrian government.
The news is likely to complicate relations with US ally Turkey, who is currently engaged in a conflict with the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), who are ideologically and strategically aligned with the YPG in Syria.
During the hearing, Austin also said that "appropriate action" would be taken if an investigation revealed to be true allegations that intelligence reports had been exaggerated to make it look as though progress against IS had been more successful than it had been.
An investigation was launched after an intelligence officer in Central Command lodged a complaint in July.
"Published media reports suggest that the CIA's estimate of ISIL's manpower has remained constant, despite US airstrikes - which suggests that either they were wrong to begin with, or that ISIL is replacing its losses in real time. Neither is good," said committee chairperson Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz.
"Indeed, this committee is disturbed by recent whistleblower allegations that officials at Central Command skewed intelligence assessments to paint an overly positive picture of conditions on the ground," they added.
'Boots on the ground'
Though US President Barack Obama has previously pledged there would be no "boots on the ground" in Syria, US forces have carried out a number of targeted operations in the country.
In May, a US special forces team carried out its first publicly admitted ground operation against IS in Syria, reportedly killing Abu Sayyaf, a senior IS commander who helped direct oil, gas and financial operations.
During the operation, the US claimed it had captured "reams of data on how IS operates, communicates and earns its money".
An earlier operation had also been carried out in summer 2014, in which US special forces reportedly attempted to free captured American journalist James Foley who was being held by IS.
They confirmed that they had engaged IS militants during the operation - which ultimately failed - but an official assessed that they "did not know who they were fighting that night".
A document from the security company Stratfor released by WikiLeaks in 2011 suggested that there had potentially been US special forces on the ground in Syria since 2011.
A security analyst from Stratfor said, in an email, that after talking with Pentagon officials they "said without saying that SOF teams (presumably from US, UK, France, Jordan, Turkey) are already on the ground focused on recce missions and training opposition forces".
Written by: Ann Nocenti
Beware of Children, You Stupid Katana
It's been a running joke here at Weird Science to make fun of Ann Nocenti. It is nothing personal, I'm sure they are a lovely woman. However, when it comes to writing comics, there may not be a worse writer out there. Them Catwoman is horrible and they turned the hype surrounding Joker's Daughter into a joke. The best thing they did on Green Arrow was let Jeff Lemire take over. Then there is Katana. This book has been a total mess since it started. It goes from laugh-out-loud funny (in a bad way) to frustratingly confusing page after page. Luckily the powers that be at DC have seen the light and are allowing Katana to commit seppuku on their Soultaker and end the madness. Until then, we have the final issues of Katana trying to take over the Dagger Clan. At least that's what I think is going on.
Explain It:
After defeating Coil in the last issue, Katana has been told they must kill Mona Shard and the Dagger Clan. Unknown to Katana, Mona has taken possession of a little girl's body and has killed the leader of the Dagger Clan, claiming the leadership for herself. When Katana attacks the Clan, they cannot bring themselves to kill a child even though the girl (who is Mona Shard, remember) stabs them in the back. They go back to the Sword Clan convinced they were setup, sleeps with Sickle, has a crazy dream about their dead husband and Sickle, spies on the Sword Clan's gambling den and then returns to fight the little girl. Ok, if you need to sit back and relax a bit I understand. We also get to see Shun's severed foot, Shun, herself, buying a sniper rifle and deciding to maim thugs instead of killing them and a possessed Sumo wrestler trapping a rat in a cup.
Ann Nocenti has done it again. This book is so bad it is almost good. The dialogue is hilarious, the story ridiculous and the characters just plain stupid. Ann is definitely from the "tell-don't-show" school of comic book writing. Unfortunately, I don't think there is such a school. I imagine Ann sitting at a desk in an empty classroom waiting for the teacher to arrive. Seriously, comic books are at least a bit of a visual medium, right. Isn't that what the pretty pictures are for? Everything that happens in this book is explained with dialogue. Mona Shard has killed the Dagger Clan leader and is sitting on their corpse and we get such gems as, "She's sitting on our Boss like it's them couch".
What makes this even worse is often the visuals don't even seem to match the story. CrissCross and Cliff Richards have done a decent job on this book in the past, but maybe with the cancellation they mailed this one in. Katana looks different throughout the book and the action can get a bit confusing. Again, I have to give them a bit of a pass because most of the action is described with dialogue leaving little room for them to show what they can do.
Bits and Pieces:
Katana has been canceled and issue #9 shows why. The story is confusing, the dialogue will make you laugh and the art is not good. I really cannot find any reason for anyone to read this book except as a lesson on how not to write a comic. It is that bad.
1.5/10
Art by: ChrisCross and Cliff RichardsCover Price: $2.99Release Date: November 13, 2013
And the more I think about it folks, the less impressed I am with Obama's inaugural speech. And it's not just me. It's everybody on Fox News.
GERRI WILLIS (1/21/2013): The President made a case for big government. CHARLES KRAUTHAMMER (1/21/2013): This speech today was an ode to big government. It was a hymn to big government. STUART VARNEY (1/22/2013): At their heart, I think President Obama is a socialist.
Well sorry, Obama. Your class warfare isn't going to work. Fox News contributor and ShamWow! pitchman Stuart Varney knows the reason why.
1/21/2013: STUART VARNEY: Rich people, powerful people in America today are reviled, aren't they? They're dismissed as fat cats who don't pay their fair share. STEVE DOOCY: Class warfare! STUART VARNEY: We just hate 'em, right? Rich people are evil! And yet, along comes this show, Downton Abbey, rich people prominently featured, and they're generous! They're nice people! They create jobs for heaven's sake! They're classy. They've got style. And we love 'em! That show is wildly popular, which poses a threat to the left, doesn't it?
It would be so great to work for a rich aristocrat like the fictional Lord Grantham. Just ask the fictional newsman Steve Doocy.
STEVE DOOCY (1/21/2013): Here's the thing. The entire town loves the rich guy who lives in the abbey, because they provide the jobs, they look out for everybody, they have free medical care for everybody without them — and spoiler alert — looked like two weeks ago, they were going to lose the joint. Yes! Without him, the place would go belly-up.
The point is, Obama's inaugural speech, swing and a miss. Not just for what they said, but for what they did not say. Right, Fox News's Peter Johnson, Jr.?
PETER JOHNSON, JR. (1/22/2013): It was a very bizarre, disordered priority of what our national interests were. Where was the debt? Where was the deficit? Where was the unemployment? Where was the issue of poverty in America, which has increased under theirs watch? Where is the hopelessness?
FRANKLIN DELANO ROOSEVELT (3/4/1933): The only thing we have to fear is fear itself, and also a second depression, rampant starvation, and my gut's telling me that Europe's a tinderbox. Ah, what's the point? We're all doomed! I can't walk! I can't walk!!
Anyway, what are you going to do? We are looking at four more years of this guy. And thanks to Obamacare, we might live to see it. Where did we go wrong? The Republicans had everything going for them! A terrible economy, an unpopular incumbent, and a positive message for the American voter: less than half of you are parasites!
And still, we lost. And with America's changing demographics, it only looks bleaker for Republicans in the future. Unless science can find a way for Latino women to give birth to old white men.
Where is the funding, Koch brothers? Get on it! Cuz it is bad, folks. In 2012, the GOP lost the presidency, they lost the Senate, they lost the vote count in the House of Representatives by a combined 1.1 million votes. Republicans haven't gotten an ass paddling like that since D.C. shut down Madame Kink's Rump Dungeon. (audience laughter) If it's Wednesday, ask for the "trickle down". (audience laughter)
And it is getting so bad, that to win the presidency next time, some are saying that Republicans might have to change their messaging, or change their policies, or change the constituencies that they serve. Now thankfully, there's a better answer, and it brings us to tonight's Wørd: Win, Lose, or Redraw.
Now conservatives out there, do not weld your bunker door shut just yet, because as bad as things look right now, there is one place Republicans did hold on to power.
JOHN BOEHNER (12/2/2012): Republicans continue to hold the majority in the House.
Now, just how did the Republicans do it? (Missionary Style?) They did it with a little thing I call gerrymandering. (Named for Gerald Mander, The Third) You see, back in 2010, Republican state legislatures across the nation redrew Congressional districts to make them a lock for the GOP. And in some cases, just to send a message to the Democrats.
Because that's the beauty of gerrymandering. Instead of voters getting to pick their leaders, leaders get to pick their voters. (Me, The People) And I say, why not? We should trust our leaders. After all, we voted them in. (Once, Back in the 70's.)
Well, now that the GOP has its gerrymandering game down, they are ready to take it to the next level. Republican legislators in the key swing states of Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, and Virginia, are lining up behind proposals that would allocate presidential electoral college votes by congressional district. As a supporter of this idea, Pennsylvania state senator Dominic Pileggi argues, "the current winner-take-all system is inherently unfair because the losing party... gets no credit in the electoral count".
Yeah, the losing party never gets to pick the President. This legislation just allows Republicans to level the playing field. (And Turn It Into A Golf Course) Because folks, here's the great part. If you applied this plan to the 2012 election, even though 5 million more people voted for the Democrat, the Republican would've won the presidency by 22 electoral votes.
So it's a win-win. (Except For The Guy Who Won) I mean, it's like a Cinderella story. It's like Rocky. (In That Stephen's Pulling for the White Guy)
And yes, I will admit freely that it's not exactly majority rule. But as much as I love the American people, sometimes the majority just doesn't know what's good for them. (Case In Point: The Cheesecake Factory)
So I say, do it, Republicans. Over the next four years, our society's values will continue to evolve, along with its demographics. So you must listen to these voters, and then make sure that they cannot be heard on election day. (Win, Lose, or Redraw) And that's the Wørd. We'll be right back.
Music creation software manufacturers, Propellerheads, have today stated that the latest version of their widely used beat making program, Reason, will be “even better for half finishing tracks and forgetting about them.”
“Reason has always been the market leader for people who want to dick around making tracks for a few days every few months and then give up for a while before coming back,” claimed Propellerheads spokesperson Arnulf Thorgen. “With this new version of Reason we've made absolutely no changes so that users can continue that tradition.”
Arnulf claimed that with this latest version users will be able to get really excited about a project for the first few days, get stuck when they try to finish the track, become frustrated and eventually give up.
Mr. Thorgen also claims that the new version will make it just as easy for users to save their half finished tracks under obscure names that they'll forget and have trouble finding again later when they want to show their friends.
“Just like in other versions of Reason,” continued Arnulf, “you have the freedom to pick from a whole series of unimaginative and forgettable names for your tracks like ‘Techno Messing', ‘House Track Summer 2012' or the classic ‘Untitled 1', ensuring that the tracks will be extremely difficult to find when you inevitably renew your interest in finishing them after a drunken promise to ‘get back to music.'”
The new version of Reason, tentatively entitled “Have a listen to this and tell me what you think, but bear in mind it's not quite finished yet”, is set to hit stores later this year.
Russian special services arrest 18 ISIL fighters in Moscow
Federal Security Bureau officers arrested 18 ISIL militants in Moscow. The militants were supposedly preparing terrorist attacks in Moscow metro and in restaurants. A bomb was found in an apartment on Novoperedelkino Street, where four of the militants were arrested.
In addition, the FSB detected small ISIL bases in apartments on neighboring streets. All the apartments, where the detained individuals lived, could be viewed from each other's windows. Thus, the militants could open automatic fire on FSB officers during the special operation, or escape in time.
Twelve people were arrested in an apartment on Novoorlovskaya Street. In addition to an explosive device disguised as a coffee grinder, officers found an automatic AKM rifle and 60 cartridges to it, two RGD-5 grenades and a bayonet knife.
Most of the detainees are citizens of Uzbekistan and Kyrgyzstan; several others were natives of Russia. Uniforms of Moscow metro employees were found with two Russian detainees.
(Islamic State is a terrorist organization banned in Russia.)
Pravda.Ru
Read article on the Russian version of Pravda.Ru
Not to be confused with the modern-day Italian Republic
The Italian Republic (Italian: Repubblica Italiana) was a short-lived (1802–1805) republic located in Northern Italy. Napoleon served as President and its capital was Milan.
The republic [ edit ]
The Italian Republic was the successor of the Cisalpine Republic, which changed its constitution to allow the French First Consul Napoleon to become its president. The new constitution changed the name of the state to the "Italian Republic"; it consisted of the same areas that had comprised the Cisalpine Republic, primarily Lombardy and Romagna.
The republic had a territory of more than 42,500 square kilometers (16,400 sq mi), and a population of 3,240,000 in 12 départements. Milan was the capital city, the main center having 124,000 inhabitants in 1764. The country was prosperous despite the plundering experienced in preceding centuries. Its economy was based on cereal agriculture and cattle raising, plus flourishing small industries, notably the production of silk.
The flag of the Italian Republic maintained the three Italian-Milanese national colours, but with a new, less revolutionary, pattern. The coat of arms was specified in a decree on May 13, 1802. A treaty of friendship and commerce with the Republic of San Marino was signed on June 10, 1802, the Concordat with the Holy See on September 16, 1803.
The government created the National Guard of Italy, a National Gendarmerie, and a finance police; the metric system was introduced and a national currency was planned, although never minted during the republican era.
In 1805, following Bonaparte's assumption of the title of Emperor of the French, the Italian Republic was transformed into the Kingdom of Italy (Regno d'Italia), with Napoleon as king and their stepson Eugène de Beauharnais as viceroy.
Institutional form [ edit ]
According to the Italian constitution of 1802, sovereignty resided in three electoral colleges of three to two hundred members: the College of Owners (il Collegio dei possidenti), the College of Scholars (il Collegio dei dotti), and the College of Traders (il Collegio dei mercanti), the first having its seat in Milan, the second in Bologna, and the third in Brescia. All the colleges elected a commission of control and supreme rule, called the Censorship (la Censura), composed of twenty-one members and based in Cremona.
The head of state was the president of the republic (il Presidente della repubblica), Napoleon Bonaparte, elected for 10 years. The president had full executive powers, appointed the vice-president (il Vicepresidente) and the secretary of state, took legislative and diplomatic initiative, chose the ministers, public agents, ambassadors, and chiefs of the army, summoned the executive councils, and prepared the budget. The vice-president, Francesco Melzi d'Eril, acted for the president during their absence. Melzi was described as a gentleman, and effectively ruled over the state's domestic affairs during the three years of the republic's life. Never submitting to Napoleon, Melzi was demoted after the monarchy's proclamation in favour of more controllable men; however, Melzi's character ensured them Napoleon's deep private respect during all the years of the French empire. Melzi also introduced obligatory conscription to Italy.
The Consulta (la Consulta di Stato) was a commission of eight members led by the president of the republic and in charge of foreign policy. The commissioners were appointed by the Censorship upon nomination by the three colleges: many former members of the Directory of the Cisalpine Republic entered into office. The Consulta ratified treaties, approved any special decrees concerning state security, and in the event of the death or resignation of the president, appointed the successor. The minister of foreign affairs was chosen from among the commissioners.
The Legislative Council (il Consiglio legislativo) was a commission of at least ten members appointed by the president for three years. Its mission was to allow the president to submit legislation, helping them in the elaboration of laws and being present when they were discussed in parliament. The secretary of state (il segretario di Stato) was the chief of the public administration. They promulgated the laws, guarded the state's seal, and countersigned presidential acts. The first secretary was Diego Guicciardi, soon followed by Pellegrino Nobili and, finally, by Luigi Vaccari.
The government comprised seven ministers (i ministri). The Minister of War was at first Alessandro Trivulzi and then, from 1804, General Domenico Pino; Minister of Interior was at first Luigi Villa and then, from 1803, Daniele Felici; Minister of Foreign Affairs was Ferdinando Marescalchi; Minister of Justice and Great Judge was Bonaventura Spannocchi; Minister of Treasury was Antonio Veneri; Minister of Finance was Giuseppe Prina; Minister of Religion was Giovanni Bovara. To draw up its budgets, the government was assisted by a Commissionership for National Accountancy.
The parliament of the republic was the Legislative Body (il Corpo Legislativo) with limited powers. It was composed of 75 members elected in each department by the three colleges. It was summoned by the president of the republic and could only approve or reject a law, the discussion being reserved to a more restricted Chamber of orators or Chamber of speakers (Camera degli oratori, a committee of fifteen speakers). First appointed at the Meetings of Lyon, one third of the parliament had to be renewed every two years.
The tribunals were divided into tribunals of first instance (tribunali di prima istanza), courts of appeal (corti d'appello), courts of revision (corti di revisione), and a court of cassation (corte di cassazione). The judges of the first two were appointed by the Consulta, the latter two by the three colleges.
Local administration [ edit ]
Following the French system, The state was divided into 12 départements (dipartimenti). The chief of the department was the prefect (prefetto), an office created on May 6, 1802. The prefect was the state's representative in each province (dipartimento), and had two main functions: the first was to implement the administrative decisions of the central government and to control the local authorities, the second was leadership of the police. The local legislative body was the General Council (Consiglio generale), composed of representatives of the communes. The government appointed the Central Departmental Administration (Consiglio della prefettura), composed of five or seven members chosen from nominations submitted by the General Council: the Administrations had powers over taxes and public works and, generally, represented local interests.
The departments were divided into districts (distretti) equivalent to the French arrondissements. The chief of the district was the vice-prefect, which had powers similar to those of the prefect, but for a smaller area. However, the structure of the districts was not uniform over all the territory of the republic, and some districts were administered by a district council and a chancellor.
The districts were divided into communes. Communes with more than 3,000 inhabitants had a city council (consiglio comunale) of thirty or forty members, chosen by the General council from nominations submitted by the same city council. In the smaller communes, all the taxable citizens were councillors. The council elected a municipality[clarification needed] of three to nine members, helped in its executive functions by a city secretary. All city offices were held only by owners and traders, and the leadership of the owners was assured. Each commune had a tax collector.
List of departments and districts [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Startup Nikola Motor Co. unveiled a hydrogen fuel-cell powered 18-wheel tractor trailer truck that will have a range of 800 to 1,200 miles on a fill-up, which is nearly double that of any other semi-truck on the road.
The custom-built, hydrogen-electric, 800-volt fuel cell 18-wheeler, is a class 8 rigs that will have up to 2,000 horse power and be able to haul 80,000 lbs., more powerful than any other production diesel truck on the road, the company said.
In May, the company announced that its first class 8 semi-truck would be an all-electric vehicle, but in August said it was instead developing transport powered with a hydrogen fuel cell.
Nikola Motor Co.
The Nikola One will retail for $375,000, nearly double the price for a standard diesel semi-trailer.
To spur adoption, the company is also offering enough free hydrogen for each purchased truck to travel 1 million miles.
The Nikola One will also be offered through a leasing program that will cost from $5,000 to $7,000 a month, depending on the configuration and options a customer chooses. It will also include unlimited miles and hydrogen fuel, and a warranty and scheduled maintenance during a 72-month term. In August, the company had said the leasing program would cost from $4,000 to $5,000 a month.
At no additional cost, owners can trade in their Nikola One for a new one every 72 months or 1 million miles, whichever comes first.
To date, Nikola Motor has accepted reservations totaling nearly $3 billion in future orders, it said.
Nikola Motor Co./Google Maps Some of the 364 hydrogen fueling stations Nikola Motor Co. plans to begin building next year.
"Nikola will build a world-class advanced manufacturing facility which will create thousands of new jobs," said Nikola founder and CEO Trevor Milton.
"Nikola is currently in discussions with several states to decide who to partner with in its effort to reduce America's dependence on fossil fuels, advance green energy and revolutionize the trucking industry. The location of the Nikola Motor manufacturing facility will be determined in the first half of 2017," Milton said.
At the same time that Milton unveiled the Nikola One, they also outlined the company's plan to develop a network of 364 hydrogen fueling stations across the U.S. and Canada. Nikola plans to begin construction of its hydrogen fueling stations in January 2018.
In conjunction with the fueling stations, Nikola Motor is in the process of developing multiple 100-megawatt solar farms to create hydrogen from electrolysis, the process of separating hydrogen from water, "making it the only fuel that is zero emission from production to consumption."
The hydrogen will be transported from the Nikola solar farms to Nikola hydrogen stations by a fleet of Nikola One trucks, running on zero-emission, electric-hydrogen power trains.
The hydrogen is stored at Nikola stations in liquid form, and then dispensed into vehicles as compressed or liquid hydrogen. From energy creation to energy consumption, the entire process is 100% emissions free.
All non-Nikola vehicles can fill up at any Nikola Hydrogen Station for $3.50 per kilogram of hydrogen.
Nikola announced it has also partnered with Ryder Systems Inc. to provide nationwide maintenance at 800 locations across North America, the cost of which is included with leased vehicles.
"With a range of up to 1,200 miles, we have you (and the entire country) covered," the company stated.
Day three of US shutdown: Talks focus on cuts to Medicare and Social Security
By Andre Damon
4 October 2013
There were more indications Thursday—day three of the US government shutdown—that the aim of both the Democrats and Republicans in negotiations to reopen the government and raise the debt ceiling will focus on major cuts to entitlement programs such as Social Security and Medicare.
The New York Times and Wall Street Journal reported Thursday evening that Republican Representative Paul Ryan of Wisconsin, the chairperson of the House Budget Committee, has held meetings with senior House Republicans aimed at using the government funding crisis to revive earlier proposals for a “Grand Bargain” to cut social programs and slash corporate taxes and income taxes for the wealthy.
The Times wrote that the Republicans are discussing a “broad deficit reduction deal that would allow some increases to federal programs squeezed by the automatic cuts known as sequestration in exchange for long-term changes to programs like Medicare and Social Security. The package would most likely include instructions to try to move along efforts to simplify the tax code as well.”
Ryan and other Republicans are taking up signals by President Obama that they are open to a deal along similar lines. In an interview Wednesday with CNBC, Obama made clear that they are considering cuts to social programs—including Medicare and Social Security—as part of a broader deal with the Republicans over the debt limit and funding for the federal government.
Asked by the interviewer about Republican proposals to “end budget negotiation [by the] replacement of sequester cuts with entitlement cuts,” Obama replied, “It is important for us to deal with our long-term entitlement spending.” They added, “I think it is very important for us to continue to cut out programs that are unnecessary, not working—some of them need to be reformed.”
While Congressional Democrats have publicly claimed that they do not intend to negotiate the terms of an increase of the debt limit, which will be reached later this month, the Republican proposals outlined by the Times are broadly in line with an earlier budget proposal made by the Obama administration, which replaced certain cuts implemented by the sequester with over a half trillion dollars in cuts to Medicare and Social Security.
The discussions over unpopular cuts to those programs are largely taking place outside of public view. At the same time, Obama has made clear that they see the question of raising US government's debt limit as significantly more important than any measures to resolve the government shutdown, which has resulted in the furlough of 800,000 government workers and the halting of key social programs and regulations.
Speaking at a construction company outside Washington, D.C. Wednesday, Obama said that their primary concern is raising the debt limit is to prevent a default by the US government. “As reckless as a government shutdown is…an economic shutdown that results from default would be dramatically worse,” Obama said.
These comments echoed those of the top Wall Street bankers Obama met with Wednesday to discuss the potential impact of the US government's failure to raise the debt limit. “We'd like to see the fight not be on this ground,” said Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein as they left the meeting, adding that, “They shouldn't use the threat of causing the US to fail on its obligations to repay its debt as a cudgel.”
Congressional Democrats agreed that the focus of the discussion has shifted to the debt limit, with Senate Democratic Majority Leader Harry Reid saying, “The debt ceiling is facing us very quickly. We're talking about the [continuing resolution to fund the government] now. It's hard to separate the two because they're right both on top of us.”
Republicans agreed that the two issues had become intertwined, likely leading to a prolonged shutdown of the government. “I think there's going to be a stalemate for two or three weeks,” Mississippi Republican Senator Roger Wicker told Politico. “Why would the parties negotiate one deal to have another impasse? It's all been psychologically rolled together.”
Obama's speech came after the Treasury Department issued a report projecting that a default by the US government would lead to an economic downturn “comparable to or worse” than the crash of 2008. The report added, “In the event that a debt limit impasse were to lead to a default, it could have a catastrophic effect on not just financial markets but also on job creation, consumer spending and economic growth.”
The report reaffirmed the Treasury's earlier deadline of October 17 for raising the debt limit before the country's cash reserves run critically low. On Wednesday, an aide to House Speaker John A. Boehner told the Washington Post that while the Republican leader does not intend to allow the US to default on its debts, Republicans will seek a deal on spending cuts, including entitlements. “Speaker Boehner has always said that the United States will not default on its debt, but if we're going to raise the debt limit, we need to deal with the drivers of our debt and deficits,” the aide said.
Speaking on the Senate floor Thursday, Republican Senator Bob Corker said, “I'm concerned that so much focus has been placed on the ‘shiny object,' the health care law, as it relates to the [continuing funding resolution] that our focus has been taken off the gains that we've made in controlling spending,” Corker said in their floor speech.
While the ongoing government shutdown was triggered by the refusal of Republicans in the House of Representatives to approve a government funding bill that did not include a delay in implementation of Obama's healthcare law, the government shutdown and the threat of a default has become the occasion for both parties to seek a deal that will intensify the assault on the working class.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Spielberg is unlikely to take the reins on Indiana Jones 5, but there's a Godfather-inspired approach that could lure them and satisfy both those wanting Chris Pratt and those wanting Harrison Ford…
Another day, another rumour about the future of the Indiana Jones franchise. Following speculation last month that Disney are in talks with Chris Pratt about taking the famous role over, Deadline have started the rumour mill turning once again with news that Spielberg is interested in taking on directorial duties. Mike Fleming Jnr writes:
“It's very early days, but my sources tell me that, assuming a script comes in to their satisfaction, Spielberg hopes to direct [the] film… Word from Spielberg's camp is that it's too early to determine what will happen because there is no script yet and they are just getting going.”
It's all very vague, as such rumours often are, but you can understand where it's come from and why it's sparking excitement. Spielberg clearly cares deeply for the franchise, and the possibility of re-shaping it with a new actor will be an enticing one for him. Add to that the fact that Spielberg was involved in Pratt's casting in Jurassic World, their stated dissatisfaction with Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, and Pratt's everyman charm, which makes them a perfect Spielberg leading man, and the idea becomes a lot more believable.
However, there are clear signs that the chances of Spielberg returning for a fifth adventure with the man in the hat (with or without Pratt's involvement) are very limited indeed.
Indiana Jones and the Serious Spielberg
We think of Spielberg as the King of the Blockbuster, but since 1997's The Lost World: Jurassic Park, only four of their eleven releases have been blockbusters: Minority Report, War of the Worlds, Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, and The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn. Let's look at those in more detail.
Minority Report had a blockbuster budget and an A-List star in Tom Cruise, but it was based on challenging subject material (a paranoid short story by Philip K. Dick) and owed more to film noir and pulp detective stories than Jaws or Jurassic Park. It was, Spielberg said at the time, “a gourmet popcorn movie”.
War of the Worlds brought the same budget and the same lead actor, but went even further into darkness. Released in the same year as Munich, it was thematically similar to the terrorist drama and often even more disturbing. Women are vapourised, dead bodies float down rivers in front of children, and our hero kills. Escapist entertainment this ain't.
Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and Tintin are the most obvious touchstones for Indy 5, and the most overtly blockbuster-y. Yet, Spielberg's motivations for making Tintin were primarily technical (he was exploring 3D and motion capture at a time when they also looked into IMAX through the release of an 70mm Raiders of the Lost Ark), and while Kingdom of the Crystal Skull is pure escapism, it touches on darker subjects too and subtly questions the role of the matinee idol in the modern world. The shot of Indy framed against a mushroom cloud diminishes the character's power by confronting them with a weapon more powerful, and more real, that the Ark of the Covenant.
Spielberg doesn't simply make blockbusters any more, and they rarely go back over old ground. Excluding the Indiana Jones franchise, he's made only one sequel (The Lost World: Jurassic Park) and one remake (1989's Always, which reimagines Victor Fleming's wartime drama A Guy Named Joe). He's had ample opportunity to return to past glories with Jaws, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, and E.T. and rejected them all. Even the Indy franchise could have lost its director. Both Kingdom of the Crystal Skull and Last Crusade were directed by Spielberg partly through loyalty: they had scoped out and was all set to go on Rain Main before Last Crusade emerged and they signed on out of loyalty to George Lucas and their agreement to deliver an Indy trilogy.
Lucas is now out of the picture though; he's been pretty hands-off on Star Wars: The Force Awakens, and he'd likely take a similar approach with Indiana Jones 5. Spielberg's connections with Lucasfilm President Kathleen Kennedy may sway him, but without Lucas in place, the second half of a double act is absent, and if Ford isn't taking the lead in front of the camera either, what would bind Spielberg to the series? Nostalgia? Love for the character? A feeling of unfinished business following the poor reception to Crystal Skull?
Those are all valid reasons, but they pale in comparison with the other films potentially on Spielberg's slate. Military drama Thank You For Your Service is apparently still a strong prospect (and would likely star Daniel Day-Lewis), as are a remake of West Side Story, a George Gershwin biopic, a film about Montezuma, and a project about an 1885 scandal involving the Catholic Church. Oh, and he's still got to finish off St James' Place, start The BFG, get things rolling on a TV series based on Stanley Kubrick's abandoned Napoleon script, and pick up again on Robopocalypse.
Spielberg's a busy guy always looking to explore new ground. Are they really interested in revisiting a 34-year-old sandpit he's already excavated four times? I don't think so.
Indiana Jones and the Cursory Cameo
Let's ignore those issues for the timebeing though and plough forward with the idea that Spielberg is genuinely interested in directing Indiana Jones 5 with Chris Pratt in the lead. Great stuff. Spielberg directs with vim and vigour, Pratt brings the charm and wit he's infused Star Lord and Andy Dwyer with, and Indiana Jones 5 hits cinemas in a few years time to critical and commercial success. Everybody's happy.
But where does Harrison Ford fit into all this? I'm very much in favour of Pratt-as-Indy, but Ford IS Indiana Jones, and there's no way around that. You couldn't simply have Pratt taking the role on with no reference whatsoever to Ford. On Them Majesty's Secret Service nodded towards Sean Connery (albeit with a lame joke) and JJ Abrams' Star Trek used Leonard Nimoy to create a bridge between old and new iterations. There has to be some kind of passing of the torch. I love the film, but Kingdom of the Crystal Skull simply can't be Ford's farewell to the character.
The question is how? Sci-fi didn't fare well in Crystal Skull, so a Star Trek solution is out, and audiences are too sophisticated to accept an On Them Majesty's Secret Service style gag – it wouldn't be fitting anyway, even if it would be accepted. Ford made a cameo appearance bookending Young Indiana Jones Chronicles episode Mystery of the Blues in 1993, and that seems like a viable solution here. Ford's Old Indy ushers in the film by telling a tale of their previous adventures headed-up by Pratt's Young Indy. Clean, simple, and sorted quickly.
Is that what you really want though? A cameo of such haste it's almost insulting? This is Harrison Goddam Ford! Show some respect! Ford shouldn't have some half-baked cameo that reduces them to a sideshow attraction for nostalgic cinemagoers to come and gawp at. They deserve extended screentime and proper dramatic weight for them to show off their considerable talent and genuine love for the character. A cameo would be worse than no appearance at all. So what to do?
Indiana Jones and the Godfather Grab
What I've laid out here are real problems with this Spielberg/Pratt/Indiana Jones 5 story, but there is a way to wipe them all out, bring it together, and deliver a really good, different film. And that's by ripping off one of Spielberg's mates.
Everybody loves The Godfather Part II, and one of the reasons for that is its unique narrative structure, in which we view the past and present of the Corleone family concurrently: De Niro's Vito in the 1920s setting up the foundations of their family dynasty and Pacino's Michael in the 50s protecting that dynasty. It's a great structure. So let's thieve it.
Picture the scene: It's 1959, two years after the events of Kingdom of Crystal Skull. With paranoia around Communism still going strong, panic escalates when the Cuban Revolution replaces President Batista with Fidel Castro. For the first time, Communism isn't an intangible ideology in some far off land; it's right on America's doorstep. Plans for the operation that will become 1961's failed Bay of Pigs invasion get underway, and the CIA bring in Ford's Indy as a consultant on a mysterious artefact that they believe will help them in the battle with Castro. Hesitant after their struggles with the government during Kingdom of the Crystal Skull, Indy has another reason to take pause, a reason that takes them back to the early 30s, the beginnings of Stalin's Russia, and their younger self, who just happens to look a bit like Chris Pratt.
It's the early 30s. Life in America is tough. The Great Depression has brought a once prosperous nation to its knees, but young archaeologist Indiana Jones is thriving. A born survivor, he's taken to graverobbing and what started off as a way to make ends meet has now become second nature. They have few problems with their criminality; in fact, their ‘work' grants them passage to far off lands, and he's taken to wearing pristine white tuxedos with a brilliant red rose peeking out of the breast pocket as a symbol of the affluence and power their profession brings him. But as rumblings of the emergence of a new tyrant in Russia grow, Indy's criminality lands them in trouble with the government and they blackmail them into a plan to go to Siberia, depose Stalin, and prevent them from laying their hands on an ultimate weapon that would help them in their planned Great Purge.
From there, the two stories would intermingle: Pratt's Indy in Siberia becoming a government stooge in an increasingly desperate and doomed attempt to beat back emerging Stalinism, Ford's Indy in an America falling apart in the grip of paranoia and battling their own country's secret service, who are looking for the self-same ultimate weapon that Stalin once sought. Karen Allen returns as Marion in the 1959 scenes, Emma Stone stars in the 30s scenes as an idealistic archaeologist who believes that the government plan is morally right, and Karl Urban and David Strathairn take on the villain roles in the 30s and 50s respectively. No reason really, it's just I reckon Urban would make a cool Russian bad guy, and I'd like to see an old Indy take on an age and intellectual match in a nod to Raiders' Belloq.
So why this approach? The split narrative offers Pratt and Ford equal screentime and equal drama. No-one is reduced to a cameo, Pratt has their own story to set up their Indy, Ford has their own story to wave goodbye to his. Ford's story takes Old Indy up to the start of the 60s and the time when pulp fiction turned its attention to tech-powered spies, rather than dusty old adventurers, and therefore it represents a perfect end point for the Indy series. Pratt's story takes Young Indy through the hubris of youth. The film is a darker effort, and their graverobbing, devil-may-care attitude is vindicated, giving them more confidence and the kind of arrogance we saw in Temple of Doom. Pratt's story ends with them on a plane for Shanghai, placing their fedora over their eyes as they fall asleep; Ford's story ends with them doing the same in an armchair in their suburban home. The camera moves to a writing desk, filled with books, drawings and artefacts. A manuscript lies between them. Its title: The Adventures of Indiana Jones, by Henry Jones Junior. (I know it's sentimental, but who cares?)
I reckon Spielberg would direct because there'd be a challenge for him. Two narratives, two leads, two distinct timeframes. Yes, it's been done before, but there are enough new horizons for them to explore here for it to be a worthwhile endeavour, and the political intrigue offers an opportunity to explore the social concerns that have always been a part of their creative make-up. They get to say a fitting goodbye to the character, as well as Ford, and the franchise is left in good health, which sadly, it really isn't at the moment. It's a perfect endpoint for this phase in Indy history.
In my eyes, Pratt would then take on the series alone. Their Indy would pass through the 30s and 40s. We'd see the rise of Nazism, the breakout of war and Indy's role in it, and the return of prosperity to America. We'd fill in all the blanks in Indy's timeline, with a film trilogy being the primary focus, and an animated series fleshing out the rest. The man in the hat is well and truly back! Hurrah!
But this is all wishful thinking and despite the fact I've spent a perfectly good Saturday afternoon dreaming all this up, I don't think any of it will actually happen. Pratt will be cast sure, but Spielberg won't take the helm and Ford will get nothing more than a five minute cameo. It's a shame, but it's pretty much inevitable.
Still, if characters like Indiana Jones are good for anything, it's fantasising about what could be, and that's why I'm desperate to see the series continue in whatever form Disney and Lucasfilm see fit. The world needs Indiana Jones. To defeat Nazis, to cause wanton destruction in locations of great historical significance, and most of all, to spark imagination and help us set sail for the places it can take us. He's 34 years old now, he's still young. Let's make sure there are many more years to come.
The small island of Alderney, population 2,000, has become the latest part of the globe to pass gay and lesbian marriage. The British Crown Dependency in the northernmost Channel island voted in favor of marriage equality in a vote of nine to one. The bill will officially be sent to Queen Elizabeth II to sign into law.
Gay couples are already signing up to marry. Locals Dits Preece and Alan Jones have been together for 15 years and have waited for this moment to marry in their home.
“All we have wanted is to be able to do what everyone else on Alderney is able to do – get married, and invite all our friends to our wedding,” they said, “We plan to get married the same week as the legislation comes into force and then plan for a big wedding. We can't wait.”
From the small-village vibe of the capital, Saint Anne, to the endless coast dotted with forts and castles, we can see the island capitalizing on same-sex marriage majorly.
Albert Pike (1809-1891), Sovereign Grand Commander of the Scottish Rite's Southern Jurisdiction from 1859 to 1891, revised all of the Scottish Rite degree rituals, including the 33°, during their tenure. A handsomely bound book, containing Pike's reworked version of the 33°, was presented to the Supreme Council, Northern Masonic Jurisdiction (NMJ) in 1870. This manuscript version of Pike's 33° ritual is currently on view in the Van Gorden-Williams Library & Archives reading room exhibition, Secret Scripts: Masonic and Fraternal Ritual Books, at the Scottish Rite Masonic Museum & Library.
The inscription (see below) inside the book reads:
This Copy is most respectfully Presented to the Supreme Council of the Northern Jurisdiction of the U.S., by special permission of M∴ P∴ Albert Pike, Sov∴ Gr∴ Commander of the Supreme Council of the Southern Jurisdiction, U.S., by RMCGraham, 33° Gr∴ Rep∴, New York, March 19, 1870.
Robert McCoskry Graham (1830-1890) was an Active Member of the NMJ's Supreme Council and Grand Representative from that Supreme Council to the Supreme Council, Southern Jurisdiction (SJ) from 1867 until their death in 1890. Graham lived in New York City and was actively involved in both the SJ's and NMJ's Supreme Councils.
In June 1870, three months after Graham inscribed the Pike ritual to the NMJ's Supreme Council, Albert Pike attended the Northern Masonic Jurisdiction's annual meeting, held that year in Cincinnati, Ohio. Although Sovereign Grand Commanders from the NMJ and the SJ regularly attend each other's annual meetings today, Pike observed in 1870 that "It is, I think, the first time when the Grand Commander of one of our Supreme Councils has been present at a session of the other..." Although the 33° was conferred upon fourteen men at the 1870 annual meeting, the NMJ's annual Proceedings from 1870 do not indicate whether the Committee on Rituals had adopted the Pike ritual and whether that was the version of the 33° ritual that was used.
That Graham would have presented the ritual to the NMJ's Supreme Council is unsurprising. Not only was Graham the NMJ's Grand Representative to the SJ's Supreme Council, they were also close friends with Pike. Pike themselves wrote the obituary for Graham that was published in the SJ's Official Bulletin. The obituary (later reprinted in Pike's collection of obituaries, Ex Corde Locutiones) is dated March 10, 1891 - less than a month before Pike's own death. Writing about Graham, Pike not only makes it clear that Graham was a friend, but that they were intimately involved with the activities of the Southern Jurisdiction's Supreme Council: "During the last ten years they had regularly been present at our sessions, feeling like one of us, and looked upon by us as one of ourselves, so much so that they sat with us in our confidential sessions, always welcomed and beloved by all."
The Northern Masonic Jurisdiction used Pike's 33° ritual from 1870 until 1880, at which point they adopted Charles T. McClenachan's revision of Pike's ritual. A version of this ritual was used until 1938, when the Supreme Council approved a rewritten ritual composed by then-Sovereign Grand Commander Melvin M. Johnson. It is a version of this ritual that the NMJ's Supreme Council still uses today.
For further reading:
de Hoyos, Arturo. “On the Origins of the Prince Hall Scottish Rite Rituals,” Heredom 5 (1996): 51-67. [In this article about how the NMJ assisted in the production of the United Supreme Council (PHA)'s book of Scottish Rite rituals, de Hoyos, using primary sources in the collection of the Van Gorden-Williams Library & Archives, provides a few concise paragraphs (pp.60-61) on the development of the NMJ's 33rd degree through the nineteenth century.]
Caption:
Albert Pike, Manuscript Ritual for the 33°, 1870, Washington, D.C., Van Gorden-Williams Library & Archives Collection, R-40.
At least six U.S. residents have tested positive for the Zika virus, with officials in New York, Arkansas and Virginia confirming cases in each state.
Four people who had returned from travel abroad have tested positive in New York state with infections with the mosquito-transmitted Zika virus, local health officials said on Wednesday.
Two tested positive in New York City, city health officials said. Neither had severe complications, they said.
A person who resides in Nassau County had traveled to a country with documented transmission of the virus and developed symptoms in August, had a mild illness, was not hospitalized and has completely recovered, a county health department spokesperson said.
An Orange County resident who had traveled to South America tested positive, the county health commissioner's office said. The office did not provide information on the person's condition.
On Tuesday, the Virginia Department of Health said an adult resident of the state had recently traveled to a country where the Zika virus transmission was ongoing. The department didn't specify where the person traveled, nor did it clarify their or their gender or age. Health officials confirmed in a statement that other residents were not at risk of catching the virus from the infected person.
"Zika virus is acquired through the bite of an infected mosquito," State Health Commissioner Dr. Marissa Levine said in a statement. "Because it is not mosquito season in Virginia, this individual with Zika virus infection poses no risk to other Virginians."
Earlier Tuesday, the Arkansas Department of Health confirmed that an individual who recently traveled outside of the United States had also tested positive for the virus, which is carried by the Aedes aegypti mosquito. The department said the resident has a mild case of Zika, but it would not confirm the individual's age or gender. The individual traveled to the Central America-Caribbean region, but officials did not specify which country.
The Zika virus has been linked to a spike in cases of microcephaly, a rare birth defect that can cause babies to be born with abnormally small heads and partially formed brains— symptoms that can lead to lasting developmental problems. Nearly 4,000 suspected cases of microcephaly have been reported in Brazil since October, compared with fewer than 150 cases in the country in all of 2014. There is currently no vaccine for the virus, nor is there an effective treatment.
Health officials in Virginia and Arkansas urged residents planning to travel overseas to check health advisories. On Tuesday, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) expanded its travel alert to pregnant women planning trips to the Caribbean and Latin America. Officials added the U.S. Virgin Islands and the Dominican Republic to the list, which already included 22 destinations.
The move comes as Puerto Rico also reported a jump in the number of confirmed cases from one to 19. None of the cases include pregnant women, but the country is testing more than 200 other potential cases that have tested negative for dengue and chikungunya, two other viruses the Aedes aegypti mosquito carries. Puerto Rico epidemiologist Brenda Rivera said the majority of cases are in the island's southeast region, and many of the victims are elderly.
Brazil has instructed more than 3,000 health inspectors in Rio de Janeiro to step up inspections for mosquito-breeding areas near the city's Carnival sites as part of a bid to stem the spread of the virus. Inspectors will also begin spraying insecticide around Sambadrome, the outdoor grounds where thousands of dancers and musicians will parade during the city's February celebrations. The world-famous festivities are expected to attract tourists from around the globe. Officials concentrated on inspecting people's homes, stagnant bodies of water, and areas where garbage is collected.
In Colombia, officials said 16,490 people are infected with the disease, including 1,090 pregnant women. The increase in cases comes as Colombian President Juan Manuel Santa said officials expect to see 600,000 cases of Zika this year. The rise has prompted the country's authorities, as well as those in El Salvador, to advise women against getting pregnant for anywhere up to two years.
Some women's activists have called the advice naïve because women in both El Salvador and Colombia face sexual violence and little access to contraception or abortion. In Mexico, where there are 18 confirmed cases of Zika, officials said there is currently “no justification” for asking women to delay pregnancy.
“We'll have to see in the future, given the experiences in Central and South America, if these types of recommendations really have any effect. You can tell people not to get pregnant, but that doesn't' mean they won't,” said Pablo Kuri, deputy minister for prevention and health promotion.
The virus was first discovered decades ago in Africa, but was long thought to be more of nuisance illness with symptoms generally much milder than dengue.
Eighty percent of patients infected with Zika are asymptomatic, according to the CDC. Those people who do present symptoms may experience fever, rash, joint pain or conjunctivitis. Severe cases may require hospitalization, but no deaths have been linked directly to Zika. Most patients who exhibit symptoms do so for several days to a week.
On Tuesday, President Obama met with national security officials about Zika, and leaders from the National Institutes of Health (NIH), the CDC, and the Department of Health and Human Services briefed them on steps being taken to protect Americans from the mosquito-borne illness. They also briefed them on how the virus may spread further, and affect the economy and development in the hemisphere.
Scientists are developing various vaccines, all at different stages of development, for viruses in the same family as Zika— including dengue, West Nile and chikungunya— to try to suppress the outbreak, Dr. Anthony Faci of the NIH told the Associated Press Tuesday.
“This is not going to be overnight,” Fauci said, adding that the NIH also plans to boost funding to some Brazilian scientist to accelerate Zika-related research.
The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report.
Aides to Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker (R) scrambled to “release” a staffer after they found out about their “checkered” past as a thong model, according to newly released documents.
The email correspondence came as part of a massive document dump related to an ongoing investigation into Walker and their aides during the governor's time as Milwaukee County executive. In this particular email, former Walker chief of staff Thomas Nardelli emailed Walker and deputy chief of staff Kelly Rindfleisch alerting them about a newly hired doctor in the Milwaukee County Behavioral Health Division. Nardelli wanted to call attention to their time as thong model.
“It was recently discovered that they have a checkered past and has done some modeling work. It isn't pornographic, but is quite suggestive (I'm told – I don't know their name),” Nardelli wrote in the email. “He [sic] apparently models thongs and wasn't forthright in sharing that with staff prior to their hire as an hourly paid MD at BHD.”
Nardelli wrote that John Chianelli, who was the director of the unit of the Behavioral Health Division of the employee in question, was looking into “a way to release them without much fanfare.”
“John is more concerned about having them on staff and subsequently having them Googled by staff only to learn of their ‘other life' out side of their medical work,” Nardelli continued.
“Apparently she's competent, but even the Medical Director is dismayed that they have a varied lifestyle outside of their medical profession.”
Walker, according to The Huffington Post which flagged the email, responded to Nardelli “Get rid of the MD asap.”
Because their name was redacted from the documents, it is unclear whether the woman was fired in the end.
The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Palakkad is planning to start academic courses from the next academic year. Kerala government has agreed to offer 500 acres of land for the new IIT campus at Puthusseri near Kanjikode as suggested by the IIT expert committee and till the new campus comes up, IIT Palakkad will start offering courses from a temporary campus in Palakkad from next year.
The temporary campus of IIT Palakkad will be based 20 km from Palakkad and 25 km from Coimbatore, in the Ahalia Group of Institutions campus near Walayad. This temporary campus of IIT has good accessibility to Wi-Fi, well-facilitated training labs, cafeteria, gymnasium, a training and placement cell and well-furnished hostels for boys and girls too. Also, they provide sports and recreational and transportation facilities at the new IIT campus.
The state government is in the process of identifying and acquiring other 100 acres of land for the campus. In the first stage, the Central government will spend Rs 2,200 crore on the IIT Palakkad campus. "In the next academic session, IIT Palakkad will offer Civil, Mechanical, Computer Science, and Electronic Engineering courses to offer 120 students at its temporary campus," said IIT Palakkad Director P B Sunil Kumar.
Join us this Thursday, December 7th at 2PM PST / 10PM GMT on Facebook Live to chat with Star Wars™ author Timothy Zahn who contributed to crafting the latest storyline in ‘A Traitor Among the Chiss' update!
While Timothy Zahn has been writing science fiction for over thirty years, many Star Wars fans know them best as the author of eleven-Star Wars novels, including Star Wars: Thrawn released in April and before that the Star Wars: Thrawn trilogy – all telling the story of Imperial Grand Admiral Thrawn, one of the most cunning and ruthless Chiss warriors in the history of the Galactic Empire.
The Star Wars: The Old Republic team had the exciting opportunity to collaborate with Timothy to develop the story for the newest ‘A Traitor Among the Chiss' Flashpoint and are thrilled to have them as our special Facebook livestream guest.
Tune in to hear their thoughts on the motivations and the culture of the Chiss in the Old Republic and ask your questions!
Find out more about ‘A Traitor Among the Chiss' update: www.swtor.com/eternal-throne/updates
Stay connected through our Community Blog, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, Instagram, and Twitch!
Easter is coming and with it comes the long awaited school holidays, which means it's time to plan the first family holiday of the year. For many Aussie families this means “hitting the road”. A road trip can be a great way to spend time with the family; it's generally less expensive than flights and provides an opportunity to get the kids out of the living room and experiencing some of the beautiful landscapes and wildlife Australia has to offer.
But we all know that whilst the best road trips are exciting to begin with – the reality is, kids get bored easily, become restless and often begin to get on each other's nerves – followed by yours! To help take their minds off the time and keep them entertained, incorporate some easy-to-play car games in your next road trip. We've listed some of our favourite, classic car games, with instructions on how to play them. Print this infographic and take it with you on your next trip – so when the kids, or you, get bored – you can have a bit of fun.
Whilst it's important to have fun, remember to stay safe on the road. For complete peace of mind, enjoy your road trip knowing you're protected in any situation with a Budget Direct Roadside Assistance package and comprehensive car insurance policy.
This post was brought to you by Budget Direct Car Insurance
Free software is software that gives you the user the freedom to share, study and modify it. We call this free software because the user is free.
To use free software is to make a political and ethical choice asserting the right to learn, and share what we learn with others. Free software has become the foundation of a learning society where we share our knowledge in a way that others can build upon and enjoy.
Richard Stallman explains free software at TEDx Geneva. Richard Stallman explains free software at TEDx Geneva. Subtitles and slides
Currently, many people use proprietary software that denies users these freedoms and benefits. If we make a copy and give it to a friend, if we try to figure out how the program works, if we put a copy on more than one of our own computers in our own home, we could be caught and fined or put in jail. That's what's in the fine print of the license agreement you accept when using proprietary software.
The corporations behind proprietary software will often spy on your activities and restrict you from sharing with others. And because our computers control much of our personal information and daily activities, proprietary software represents an unacceptable danger to a free society.
The GNU Operating System and the Free Software Movement
What if there were a worldwide group of talented ethical programmers voluntarily committed to the idea of writing and sharing software with each other and with anyone else who agreed to share alike? What if anyone could be a part of and benefit from this community even without being a computer expert or knowing anything about programming? We wouldn't have to worry about getting caught copying a useful program for our friends—because we wouldn't be doing anything wrong.
In fact, such a movement exists, and you can be part of it. The free software movement was started in 1983 by computer scientist Richard M. Stallman, when they launched a project called GNU, which stands for “GNU is Not UNIX”, to provide a replacement for the UNIX operating system—a replacement that would respect the freedoms of those using it. Then in 1985, Stallman started the Free Software Foundation, a nonprofit with the mission of advocating and educating on behalf of computer users around the world.
There are now many variants or 'distributions' of this GNU operating system using the kernel Linux. We recommend those GNU/Linux distributions that are 100% free software; in other words, entirely freedom-respecting.
Today, free software is available for just about any task you can imagine. From complete operating systems like GNU, to over 5,000 individual programs and tools listed in the FSF/UNESCO free software directory. Millions of people around the world—including entire governments—are now using free software on their computers.
The FSF also provides other important resources to the community.
TORONTO - Brendan Leipsic didn't have to wait long for their next NHL call-up. The Toronto Marlies forward, who scored a goal in this first and only game with the Maple Leafs on Feb. 13 in Vancouver, was promoted again on Monday after the team traded Nick Spaling and Roman Polak to the San Jose Sharks.
"I was lucky enough to play my first game, get my first goal and kind of left with a good feeling," Leipsic said on Saturday after scoring twice to help the first-place Marlies win yet again. "Each shift I played there I kind of felt a little more comfortable, holding onto the puck more and making plays like I do down here."
Leipsic was acquired by the Leafs close to the deadline last year in a deal with Nashville that saw Cody Franson and Mike Santorelli go the other way. Now, it appears their NHL career will start in earnest thanks to another February trade.
Despite only being up with the Leafs for a few days on an emergency recall, Leipsic said they learned a lot.
"I was just trying to be a sponge up there and soak it all in. Playing without the puck is a huge thing up there and taking care of the puck as well. It's such a controlled game up there. It might be a little scrambly here."
Leipsic admits their confidence took a hit because they were cut earlier than they thought they would be at Leafs training camp, but after a slow start in the minors they have emerged as a leader on the powerhouse Marlies.
"I would say where he's grown the most is just how competitive he's been away from the puck," said Marlies bench boss Sheldon Keefe following Saturday's win at the Air Canada Centre. "His defensive assignments and tracking and coming back to our own zone and blocking shots and doing those little things and then just picking their spots a little bit better.
"At times they can overdo it with the puck, but he's picked their spots a lot better and as a result he's had a lot more success offensively. He's been a real tough player for the opposition to handle when he's skating the way they are and he's protecting the puck and doing the things they can do. At times, he'll force the issue and there are turnover issues, but he's sorted that out pretty well."
Leipsic is one of several Marlies now with the big club. Stuart Percy was also called up on Monday while Viktor Loov was recently summoned to replace the injured Matt Hunwick. Josh Leivo (upper body) is on the injured list. Mark Arcobello and Rich Clune are also on the Leafs roster at the moment.
During a conference call on Monday morning, general manager Lou Lamoriello hinted that more call-ups would be on the way as the Leafs continue to trade players for future assets.
William Nylander, the team's top prospect, admitted they were keeping an eye on the deadline deals in the hopes it would open up a spot with the Leafs.
"Yeah, I mean, you're always looking forward and trying to get a call-up," Nylander said on Saturday. "You try not to focus on that, but that's the way it goes. Whatever happens, you're ready for anything."
On Friday evening around 200 residents of Manbij northern countryside protested calling for release of Abdulbasit Rajab al-Khalaf known as Abu Khalaf who is a local tribal figure from Bosultan clan.
NSO reporter in Manbij said around 200 civilians from Hudhud, al-Yasti, Ayn al-Nakheel, Ayoush, Benya, al-Rasem al-Akhdar, al-Mashrafe and Qarah Sokhi villages protested near al-Yasti crossing north Manbij demanding PYD authority to release a local tribal figure from al-Bosultan clan called Abdulbasit Rajab al-Khalaf who was kidnapped by masked men from their house on Wedensday in Ayoush village north Manbij daus after an argument between them and PYD representative about forced conscription law the PYD is trying to impose in Manbij.
NSO reporter quoted a close source to Abu Khalaf who said an argument between Abu Khalaf and a representative of PYD sent to Ayoush village in Manbij countryside to promote the forced conscription law for young men between 18-30 years old in Manbij, the source said that during the argument the PYD representative said to Abu Khalaf ”who refuse to enlist for civil duty should leave the area” but Abi Khalaf replied with “they are locals and won't leave, foreigners are the one who should leave”.
Manbij and its countryside witness a tension after PYD imposed the forced conscription in the city month ago which wasn't approved by locals despite the advantages and threats the PYD promised in case the the law was rejected.
This protest and tension considered first in Manbij after PYD-affiliated militias captured it in August 2016.
Bloggergate: Dan Maes' Latest Controversy | October 20, 2010
Are some Republicans so desperate to see Dan Maes leave the governor's race that they'd bribe them to drop out? Conservative activist Joseph Harrington, a Maes supporter, tells The Denver Post's Lynn Bartels they were approached by a “well-known blogger, two metro-Denver-area GOP county chairs, two senior operatives for Tom Tancredo,” and others to offer Maes a “bunch of money”—funneled from an unnamed donor—to abandon the race.
After Harrington made the allegations, Ross Kaminsky took to their Rossputin blog to out themselves as the “well-known blogger” and deny the charges. Such an arrangement—which would seemingly benefit American Constitution Party candidate Tancredo, Kaminsky's own choice for governor—could be considered illegal, reports the Denver Daily News.
Advertisement
Political blogger Ben DeGrow wades into the fray with an e-mail trail defending Kaminsky's take, writing that “evidence indicates any deal-seeking came from” the Maes camp. But Colorado Ethics Watch doesn't want the matter to be settled by bloggers. The group is looking into the “convoluted controversy,” writes The Colorado Independent, and wants Maes to disclose any information they might have about illegal offers to drop out of the race.
Meanwhile, The Atlantic's politics editor takes a look at the “quirk” and “zeal” of the governor's race, writing of Democratic candidate John Hickenlooper, “Ironically, in a year when voters seem to hate anyone who has ever been elected to anything, Hickenlooper's greatest strength will be their record as Denver's mayor.”
Image caption Phone booths in Dumfries town centre are among those threatened with removal
Almost a third of public payphones in Scotland have been earmarked for removal, BBC Scotland has learned.
BT is consulting on plans to remove about 1,500 phone boxes Scotland-wide.
The firm says payphone usage has declined by more than 90% over the last decade as the popularity of mobile phones has surged.
It revealed that, of about 4,800 payphones in Scotland, fewer than five calls were made from 1,280 of them over the last year.
No calls at all were made from more than 700 kiosks.
If all the removals go-ahead, it would leave about 3,300 operational phone boxes north of the border - fewer than half the 6,962 tallies of 2003.
The move has raised concerns in some remote areas where mobile phone signal is patchy and phone boxes can be lifeline.
More than 600 payphones are facing removal in the largely rural areas of Dumfries and Galloway, the Borders, Fife, the Highlands and Aberdeenshire.
However BT said they would ask local councils for permission to remove phones where there was no other payphone within 400m (437yds).
If it receives objections from the local authority, the payphone will not be taken away.
Image caption Notices have been put up in 1,500 payphones, warning that they could be removed
Among those facing removal are 104 in the Scottish Borders.
Local MSP John Lamont said those in remote areas of their constituency provided a valuable, and sometimes lifesaving, service.
"These phone boxes provide a lifeline for many rural communities, both for visitors and the people who live there," they said.
"While their usage has inevitably fallen it remains vital to many local communities to continue to have access to a phone box where mobile phone reception is patchy or non-existent, and for those who choose not to have a landline.
"In an emergency, the closure of these payphones could cause real problems."
Adopt a kiosk
They urged residents who were worried about the plans to contact the local council.
"The key to keeping them lies with Scottish Borders Council's reaction to these plans." they said.
"Anyone who shares my concern must send the council the clear message that our phone boxes are important and should be safeguarded."
A spokesperson for BT said: "BT is committed to providing a public payphone service, but with usage declining by over 90% in the last decade, we've continued to review and remove payphones which are no longer needed.
"Any removal of payphones is carried out in strict adherence to the Ofcom guidelines and, where appropriate, with the consent of local authorities."
They are also promoting their Adopt a Kiosk scheme, whereby councils or charities can "buy" a kiosk for £1.
About 155 red phone boxes have been adopted by communities in Scotland - some are used to store defibrillators, while others are used as tiny art galleries or libraries.
David Cook is Already Being Pimped (Video)
Talk about pimping out a potential American Idol winner. One of the top contenders,is now a real estate agents dream come true - at least that is what one agency is counting on.
Cook's childhood home has gone on the market in Blue Springs, MO. and the Reece and Nichols Real Estate Company is hoping that by using the Idol contestants name in their marketing campaign will bring in a buyer.
The home is listed at $135,000 and whether David's star status will lure perspective clients who want to owe a piece of their past is yet to be determined, but hey, whatever works.
If you missed David's performance of Billie Jean, be sure to watch the video we have provided.
There we were thinking pandas were stupid, that they were an evolutionary dead-end that could not even reproduce without the help of the Chinese state. But it seems we have underestimated them. A giant panda by the name of Ai Hin fooled their keepers into thinking they were pregnant to get more food. Perhaps humans have something to learn from Ai Hin – that if more women faked a pregnancy we too could reap the benefits. If pregnancy and childcare are going to continue to hamper women's career progression, earning potential and ultimate equality, perhaps we need to play it more to our advantage. It's a high-risk, short-term strategy, but here are some of the benefits you might receive before people start realising there is no bun in your oven.
1. Getting a seat on public transport
This doesn't always work. Even if you wear a “baby on board” badge advertising the contents of one of your internal organs, commuters are deft at fixing their gaze on their electronic devices. However, people are often polite enough to give up their seat to the impregnated. But what about the hungover? Those of us who feel a bit peaky or have a particularly ferocious period? Until the time people are willing to wear a “touch of the runs on board” badge, women can at least pretend to be pregnant and stand a chance of getting that prized seat.
2. Eating disgusting food
While women are still judged and commented on for what they eat, pregnancy gives you a bit of a pass for eating the unconventional. Claiming you are pregnant can finally allow you to eat Pringles dipped in cottage cheese, Dairy Milk dipped in peanut butter, and hot dogs on a stick dipped in curry sauce. Rather than being repulsed, people will chuckle and give you a knowing nudge and wink. Also, you don't have to pretend to like salad. The pandas are definitely on to something here.
3. Get out of social engagements
By the time you enter your 30s you have pretty much used up all your excuses. You don't have any exams coming up, you don't have a job that takes you out of town and you don't have any other friends. Basically, there is no way of getting out of that invite to birthday karaoke. If you're “pregnant” you don't have to give any specifics. Just being pregnant is tiresome, exhausting and makes you generally boring to be around. Your friends will be relieved you're not there talking about sore boobs, swollen ankles and pregnancy yoga.
4. Your partner will be nicer to you
Now this where the strategy reveals its shortcomings. Your partner will suddenly want to do everything for you, from making meals and massaging your feet to doing most of the shopping. But this will be balanced against the fact that they will definitely leave you when they find out you've been lying. Try writing a pros and cons list to decide if it's worth it. This won't work if you're not in a relationship, and if you're in a relationship with a woman, they may smell a rat.
5. Not drinking or smoking
It's pretty hard to dress this one up as a positive. There might well be health benefits to not drinking copious amounts of alcohol or smoking cancer sticks, but the downsides involve being profoundly boring and sanctimonious. This might be a benefit if you want to try the growing number of non-alcoholic beers available, a few of which don't taste of urine. If you need an excuse to dry out for a few months, faking a pregnancy avoids any awkward questions.
6. You may get presents
The concept of a baby shower is fairly new to these shores. Many people are superstitious about buying things for a baby before it is born, but there is a growing trend for milking your mates for presents both before and after the birth. Many of the gifts may not be particularly useful if you are not in fact pushing out a small person, but some of the baby clothes might fit a small dog if you have one. And if you're low on massage oils and bath bombs, then you'll get plenty of them. Again, as with duping your partner, your friends might get suspicious when you fail to reproduce so you may want to invite just those whom you don't really like.
Actual pregnancy can involve pain, illness, isolation, death or ending up in jail. So if you can't or don't want to go through all that but you'd still like a seat, a present and an easy ride now and again, you might consider faking it. If the downsides of losing friends and loved ones, and being seen as a pathological liar outweigh these, then perhaps just eat your pop tarts dipped in Nutella on the quiet.
It's like this Miami Marlins front office and ownership never learns any lessons about managing their roster.
Before the 2012 season, the Marlins spent a lot of money to assure themselves late-game wins by paying closer Heath Bell $27 million over the next three years. Bell imploded, Steve Cishek took over the closer role by midseason, and Bell was sent packing with $8 million of their salary still covered by Miami. It took the notoriously cheap Marlins that much money to make Bell expendable for another team.
Three years later, the Marlins banked on Cishek being a prominent figure in the team's winning ways in 2015, except that they struggled out of nowhere despite having a fantastic 2014 campaign. The notoriously cheap Marlins traded the remaining two expensive years of team control to the St. Louis Cardinals for essentially nothing.
You would think that, after two trips with varying levels of "expensive" closers, that the Marlins would have learned their lesson. Considering that the team has A.J. Ramos, who is struggling as of late but has generally done a good job in the closer role all season, and Carter Capps, who has lit up scoreboards and the league with their new delivery, one would think the team's focus should be on improving other aspects of the roster. The Marlins, after all, are probably not one closer away from contention.
And yet, here we are again. From Ken Rosenthal of Fox Sports:
The addition of a No. 2 starting pitcher behind Fernandez will be one priority, the addition of a closer another; the Marlins attempted to land the Reds' Aroldis Chapman at the non-waiver deadline, sources say.
The Marlins are once again interested in an expensive closer and even considered trading more of its diminished trade resources to acquire one year of Aroldis Chapman, likely at a price tag close to $12 million. It is almost as if the team has never seen a closer fail them before!
The Marlins still have not learned this pivotal lesson for a team planning on once again funding a bottom-five payroll: closers wear down often and unknowingly. I'm going to throw out this quote one more time:
Once again, the attrition rate was at 75 percent. The high odds are that, if you are an elite closer over the previous three seasons, you will not be one for the next two.
This line cannot be stressed enough. It is very likely that an elite closer from 2012 to 2014 is probably not an elite closer for 2015 and 2016, and that only a quarter of those great relievers remain great enough to warrant a strong investment.
Consider this thought experiment: the top ten closers (more than 20 saves in that season) in terms of FanGraphs WAR in each season since 2012 has seen significant variance over many seasons.
2012 2013 2014 2015 Chapman Uehara Chapman Rosenthal Kimbrel Holland Doolittle Chapman Rodney Jansen Kimbrel Allen Jansen Nathan Jansen Robertson Nathan Kimbrel Holland Britton Balfour Chapman Melancon Jansen Wilhelmsen Perkins Cishek Miller Putz Grilli Papelbon Rondon Papelbon Reed Robertson Storen Soriano Rivera Rondon Uehara
The players in bold are the only ones who have been listed in three or more of those four seasons. Another four players were listed in two seasons. In this most recent four-year span, there have only been about three to five truly elite relievers, if you want to consider guys like Jonathan Papelbon and Koji Uehara in the list as well. Outside of Chapman, Craig Kimbrel, and Kenley Jansen, it has been hard to count on any particular reliever for a long stretch of time.
This is not to say that relief pitching is not important. However, for a team like the Marlins that does not have a bountiful amount of resources, spending on closers is a fool's errand. Compare the above list to the list of the top ten starting pitchers in each season since 2012.
2012 2013 2014 2015 Verlander Kershaw Kershaw Kershaw Hernandez Wainwright Kluber Sale Kershaw Harvey Price Keuchel Dickey Scherzer Hernandez Arrieta Price Sanchez Hughes Greinke Lee Hernandez Lester Archer Gonzalez Lee Zimmermann Scherzer Greinke Verlander Sale Kluber Sale Sale Scherzer Price Cueto Latos Quintana Bumgarner
Five guys made the top ten in at least three of the last four seasons, with Zack Greinke coming fairly close as well. Not only are starters more reliable in their performance, but they also provide more wins, so a drop from elite level to merely good will still result in a significant number of wins as compared to a similar drop in closer or reliever skill.
The Yankees are more than OK to spend that kind of money to hope a closer like Andrew Miller will stick. If they acquire a failing reliever, they can pay up to find better ones or otherwise pad their roster in order to wait for their minor league system to fill the void. For a team like the Marlins, however, paying elite dollars for a reliever is not an option. The Fish cannot go out and spend on a Chapman, because for every Chapman out there, there is a Joakim Soria who looked just as dominant and faltered or got hurt. For every Papelbon, there are many Rafael Soriano-like players in the world.
The situation is even worse if Miami plans on trading for a big-name closer. The relief players available in the upcoming free agency situation are uninspiring. Soria is the most accomplished saves man, and they are coming off of a questionable season at age 31. Neftali Feliz has been hurt for years. Jim Johnson and Jonathan Broxton have not been good for years. Tyler Clippard has closed games regularly in only two seasons. The Marlins may have to pay up a significant amount for those guys without knowing what to expect.
The Fish have to spend their limited money wisely. With the small amount of cash available every season, the team needs to look for better upside than in relievers. The club's internal options are still present. The team's relief corps has actually quietly been one of the most effective in terms of ERA and FIP. The focus should be on finding another starting pitcher and not selling off any other trade value to find another potentially failed reliever.
Written By: Eddie - Date published: 2:41 pm, March 25th, 2013 - 346 comments
Categories: labour - Tags: David Cunliffe, david shearer, grant robertson
It's interesting how little understanding there is of the state and politics within the Parliamentary Labour Party. A lot of the coverage of Labour's internal workings has tended to personalise the tension – it's been focused on Shearer vs Cunliffe without any questions about what lies beneath.
As always, there's a lot more to it. Most of the drama within Labour since the last election can be put down to the power struggle between the Parliamentary party's threefactions. I think it's time to shine a light on what's going on so members can better judge the behaviour of their parliamentary representatives.
Questions of ideology, loyalty, and personal advancement all play their part in the makeup of Labour's three factions. Each faction has a core group of hard support as well as a handful of soft supporters who can and have switched allegiances from time to time. This is much looser and informal than the Australian system of factions.
Broadly speaking though, Labour's three factions are as follows:
The Right
David Shearer (leader)
Phil Goff
Annette King
David Parker
Clayton Cosgrove
Shane Jones
Damien O'Connor
Kris Fa'afoi
Ross Robertson
(total 9)
Within this faction is most of Labour's experience, and it shows. While only a small minority in caucus, these guys know how to organise, scare, and run a solid internal political game. But while they're good at the internal game, they're completely shit at national politics as the last four years has shown. Goff, King, and Cosgrove are the core, and they're currently running the show. Fa'afoi seems an odd fit here, much newer and younger than the others; it could be because they were taken under King's wing. The Right hold five front bench positions.
The Left
David Cunliffe (leader)
Nanaia Mahuta
Louisa Wall
Sue Moroney
Su'a William Sio
Lianne Dalziel
Parekura Horomia
Rajen Prasad
Rino Tirikatene
Carol Beaumont
Raymond Huo
Moana Mackey
Iain Lees-Galloway
Andrew Little
This is the largest and most diverse faction. You'll find most caucus' Maori and women here. They haven't done well with organising internally, and it shows because they're currently out in the cold. But a lot of members believe this is real Labour – there is not a single former parliamentary staffer in these ranks. Andrew Little is a bit of wild card here, while their politics are firmly left you can't count them on them voting for any one particular faction. The Left hold no front bench positions.
(total 14)
The Careerist Left
Grant Robertson (leader)
Chris Hipkins
Jacinda Ardern
Phil Twyford
Clare Curran
Maryan Street
David Clark
Trevor Mallard
Darien Fenton
Megan Woods
Ruth Dyson
(total 11)
Of the 11 MPs in the Careerist Left, 7 are former parliamentary staffers. This group has some good people but there's a strong thread of personal advancement running through it, which is why they've brokered a deal with the Right. Robertson is wary of the ‘Left' faction, because they don't think he'll do as well out of a deal with Cunliffe. Many of their backers have made the same decision, and they've been duly rewarded in the reshuffle. Mallard and Dyson are in this faction by accident – they simply don't like Cunliffe. Street is an odd fit with this faction, and no one I've talked to can explain what she's doing there.
None of the factions by themselves have the numbers to control caucus, which is why the Right has built an alliance with Careerist Left. That's who's in charge now.
How long will this alliance last? It's impossible to tell. While it's clear something major needs to change in Labour, it'll require either Shearer or Robertson to feel that it's in their interests to break the relationship. Given the party membership and the unions are likely to favour the Left faction it's not in the interests of either Shearer or Robertson to trigger a wider leadership election.
A break will probably require either an election loss or some seriously bad polling (in the 20s) that makes the softer members of the Careerist Left change tack out of fear of being booted out of Parliament.
As for the Left faction, you may be wondering why they failed to trigger a leadership vote in February when their faction had one more vote than they needed. It was simple bluffing. Moana Mackey and Iain Lees-Galloway voted Shearer because they thought they had the votes, and quite sensibly didn't want to be punished by the Right – though it doesn't look like it did either of them any good in the reshuffle.
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
A website hosted by Russia's “troll farm” in St. Petersburg attempted to push an African-American boycott of Christmas with articles and a line of typo-ridden merchandise last year.
BlackMattersUS, which independent Russian media outlet RBC identified as one of the most influential websites and troll accounts operated out of the Kremlin-backed Internet Research Agency, pushed T-shirts imploring its users to “Say no! To ho-ho-ho,” alongside a picture of a candy cane.
As representatives from Facebook, Twitter, and Google this week are set to testify before Senate and House Committees on Russian interference in the 2016 election, BlackMattersUS' tone-deaf efforts to launch a boycott while posing as African-Americans shows the lengths the troll farm would go to try—and sometimes fail—to sow racial discord in the U.S.
The shirts are often nonsensical and filled with phrases that don't make sense. One shirt, sold by the U.S. shirt printing company Represent on BlackMattersUS' custom Christmas-themed store, reads “Dear Cops, Don't Shoot—SUCK.” The phrase encompasses two candy canes and a Christmas ornament.
A sweatshirt sold by BlackMattersUS' holiday store “Boycott Christmas,” says “Black don't need white X-Mas,” and is still available for $39.95.
Another shirt that reads “Black Power” underneath an illustration of gingerbread cookies is still live at the custom address represent.com/black-power.
Other shirts had a message that conflicted with its central theme, like a shirt that simply reads “Thug Life” over three Christmas trees and handguns. “How about this cute t-shirt for Christmas?” the the shirt's description reads.
Represent, which is based in Los Angeles, did not respond to a request for comment.
BlackMattersUS shut down last week and was replaced with a notice that a Reddit Ask Me Anything session “with Russian trolls” is “coming soon.” The Q-and-A is scheduled for Friday, according to Reddit's Ask Me Anything subreddit calendar.
An unnamed person emailing from BlackMattersUS' domain name emailed The Daily Beast last week to encourage journalists to participate in the Reddit thread, but did not respond to a request for comment on its Christmas boycott.
Before the site was replaced by a Reddit Q-and-A advertisement, BlackMattersUS purported to be a “nonprofit news outlet” featuring writers like “Crystal Johnson” who had been “with Black Matters since October 2014,” even though the site was created in 2015. The site said “Crystal Johnson” interned at Atlanta's WEYI, but the station never employed someone by that name, according to ThinkProgress.
Five days before Christmas last year, BlackMattersUS wrote a story titled “Reasons to Boycott Christmas” that was largely plagiarized from a blog at the “Nation of Islam Research Group,” but used several different opportunities to link out to BlackMattersUS' online store.
The post cites several historical examples, but does not include the 1963 civil rights protest of Christmas in Greenville, North Carolina, where African-American residents boycotted the purchase of Christmas gifts after local businesses refused to hire black employees.
The post also claims that “The Bible outlaws XMas,” and tells African-Americans to boycott the holiday because "you can't afford it."
The Internet Research Agency used Kremlin funding to impersonate African-American, American-Muslim, and LGBTQ groups on Facebook, Twitter, and other parts of the social web. The groups gained hundreds of thousands of followers, and sometimes used them to push Kremlin talking points or to push real-life protests in the United States.
Some Kremlin troll accounts, like the Twitter account Ten_GOP, which claimed to be run by Tennessee Republicans, looked considerably more authentic than the BlackMattersUS' poorly copy-edited merchandise. That account was retweeted by Donald Trump Jr., Trump campaign adviser Kellyanne Conway, and Trump campaign digital director Brad Parscale just days before the election.
Right-wing media outlets like Fox News have pushed the narrative of a “War on Christmas” for years, claiming that Starbucks cups that don't explicitly say “Merry Christmas” represent “the latest battleground in a cultural war over Christmas.”
The Kremlin troll accounts frequently took advantage of those already existing right-wing talking points, but were only sometimes successful.
“In a normal influence campaign, you do these things called ‘audience analysis' and ‘product testing' to see what works before you put it out there. They didn't. They try everything, then go with what works,” former FBI counterterrorism agent and Russian cyber warfare expert Clint Watts, told The Daily Beast last month.
“They skipped the product testing phase. They didn't do it. And they also don't care.”
Trip overview: The Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta is an annual event in that runs for nine days in early October. During the fiesta, hundreds of hot air balloons fill the sky above Albuquerque providing amazing views and photo opportunities. Locals claim this fiesta is one of the most photographed events in the world. Fiesta visitors are able to walk right up to the balloons as they launch, which provides a unique viewing experience. There are also many vendors at the Fiesta who sell authentic New Mexican food! We attended the Balloon Fiesta in October of 2017.
Preparations:
Tickets: You must purchase a general admission ticket for each Fiesta session you wish to attend. Tickets are $10 each and can be used for either the Morning Session (5:45-11:30 am) or Evening Session (1:30-9:00 pm). Up to date ticket information can be found at the Balloon Fiesta website, but tickets can typically be purchased at the entry gate upon arrival or ahead of time online or at several local stores. To see all that the Fiesta has to offer, you will want to buy at least 2 tickets and attend both a Morning Session and an Evening Session.
Logistics: The Fiesta takes place at the Balloon Fiesta Park, which is located at 5000 Balloon Fiesta Pkwy NE, Albuquerque, NM 87113. It is best to find accommodations that are within ~30 minutes driving from the park because traffic can be slow and you will want to arrive to the Morning Sessions very early. We chose to rent an AirBnB in Albuquerque, there are also many hotel options.
We ended up taking Ubers to and from the Fiesta each day, and it was easy and fast. Uber was a sponsor for the event and Uber drivers were able to drive in the traffic-free bus routes and drop guests off at a special parking lot. I cannot guarantee this option will be available at future Fiestas, but I would highly recommend using Uber if they have access to the bus routes. The next best option is to use the Park & Ride service. Tickets for this service are $15 for adults (13-61 yrs.), $12 for seniors (61+), and $7 for children (6-12 yrs.) and can be purchased in advance online or on-site at most of the pickup locations. With this service, you park at an outside lot and are bused the remaining distance to the Balloon Fiesta Park. The worst option is driving your own vehicle and parking at the Balloon Fiesta Park parking lot. The traffic near the park is very heavy and slow. Parking is only $15 per vehicle, but be prepared to be in traffic for 30 minutes at a minimum.
Once you arrive at the Balloon Fiesta Park, head to one of the several gates and enter the Fiesta. You then can either head to the launch field and see the balloons or go to the concession area to buy food and drinks. There are restrooms at the Fiesta, but be aware that they are porta potties and the lines can be long.
Supplies: The Balloon Fiesta is all outdoors so check the weather forecast and dress accordingly. Mornings and evenings are generally chilly and sunny days can be warm in the afternoon. I bought a rain jacket and a light down jacket to keep warm in the morning, and it worked well. We were briefly rained on during one Evening Session, so be aware that it can rain and there are not many places to hide. You will likely be on your feet most of the time while at the Fiesta, so a comfortable pair of shoes is also important. If you prefer to sit, bring a blanket to sit on or bring a lightweight packable chair. You will also want a nice camera for taking photos and will want a hat or sunglasses since there is no shade on the launch field.
You can bring in outside drinks and food, but glass and alcohol are not allowed. We chose to just buy food at the Fiesta and it was very good. In the morning there are plenty of breakfast burrito options, and in the evening there are several New Mexican staples with green and red chile. If you do plan to bring your own food/drinks, bags, backpacks, and coolers are allowed into the Fiesta, but are subject to search at the gate.
Events and Schedule: A full schedule of the events for the 2017 Fiesta can be found in the 2017 Guest Guide. Future Fiestas likely will have a similar schedule, but check to be sure. The main attractions are the Dawn Patrol, the Mass Ascension, and the Special Shapes Glodeo (or Night Glow on weekend nights). The Dawn Patrol kicks off each morning at 6:00 am and consists of ~50 balloons taking off while the sun is still down. This event provides great photo opportunities because the balloons glow as they ascend into the dark early morning sky. You will want to arrive at the Balloon Park before 6:00 am so that you can get through the gate and to the launch field before the Dawn Patrol balloons take off. Gates open at 4:30 am, but you do not need to arrive until ~5:30 – 5:45 am. The Dawn Patrol happens every morning on both weekdays and weekends.
On Saturdays and Sundays, the Mass Ascension at 7:00 am is the next can't miss event. During this event, 100s of ballons ascend up into the sky and provide amazing photo opportunities. The Mass Ascension is event that the Balloon Fiesta is famous for, so you don't want to miss it. It is best to plan your trip so that you have the opportunity to attend morning sessions on Saturday and Sunday. This way you have two opportunities to see the Mass Ascension. If there is bad weather on one of the days and the balloons cannot launch, you can come back the next day and see it.
There are some other events in the Morning Sessions, but they are not as popular as those mentioned above and I will not go into details. These include the Special Shapes Rodeo (on weekdays at 7:00 am) and the flying competition (on weekdays at 8:00 am).
For the Evening Session, the main event is the the Special Shape Glodeo (or Balloon Night Glow on weekends). During the Glodeo, many unique balloons are filled up with air while tethered to the ground and are lit up so they glow in the night sky. The balloons do not launch, but you can get some great pictures walking up to and around the balloons. The Glodeo starts at 6:00 pm and is followed by a Laser Light Show at 7:45 pm and fireworks at 8:00 pm. The laser show and fireworks are nice, but are not can't-miss events.
Itinerary:
For our trip, we arrived in Albuquerque on Thursday night. We used this night to find our bearings and buy our supplies for the weekend.
On Friday morning, we hiked the La Luz Trail outside of Albuquerque and caught some glimpses of the balloons from the top of the Sandia Mountains. We then grabbed a late lunch and headed to the Fiesta at ~4:30 pm for the Evening Session. The events for the Evening Session do not start until 6:00 pm, so we used the first hour to grab some drinks and buy some food from the concessions. Then, starting at 6:00 pm we watched the Special Shape Glodeo, the Laser Light Show, and the Afterglow Fireworks.
On Saturday morning, we woke up early and headed to the Fiesta for the Dawn Patrol, and the Mass Ascension. We arrived at the gate at 5:45 am and headed straight to the launch field. By ~10:30 am we had seen enough balloons and headed home to freshen up. We spent the rest of Saturday exploring Albuquerque.
On Sunday, we did not go to the Fiesta and instead enjoyed more of Albuquerque. If the balloons had not launched on Saturday due to weather, we would have gone back to the Fiesta for the Morning Session this day. Luckily we went on Saturday though because it was too windy for the balloons to launch on Sunday and there was no Mass Ascension!
Dawn Patrol: Arrived at 5:45 am on Saturday, located on the Balloon Park launch field
Mass Ascension: started at 7:00 am on Saturday
Special Shapes Glodeo: 6:00 pm on Friday night
Photos from other perspectives:
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Odi et amo: I hate and I love, wrote the poet Catullus. Nescio, sed fieri sentio et excrucior: I don't know why, but I feel it happening and it tortures me.
Last month, I wrote about the brain's so-called “hate circuit,” which isn't a switch that turns hate on or off, but a set of brain structures that are activated when the emotion of hatred is stimulated. The scientists who identified it noted that many of the same structures are involved in romantic love, shedding light on Catullus's quandary.
Neurologically speaking, however, there is one notable difference between the two emotions. When love is activated, large parts of the cerebral cortex that are associated with judgment and reasoning are turned off. When hatred predominates, a much smaller zone is deactivated. To put it less clinically, where love ends, thought begins.
If lovers suspend all judgment when they are in the throes of passion, haters think too much. As irrational as a disappointed lover's hatred may be, they or they brood obsessively about past and future betrayals, while thinking up new ways to exact vengeance.
Consider Shakespeare's Othello. As madly in love with their wife as they are, it was a simple matter for Iago to transform their great passion into a “tyrannous hate.” And look at Iago, whose “motiveless Malignancy” appalled the poet Samuel Taylor Coleridge, who speculated that their nature had been “distempered by a keen sense of their intellectual superiority, and haunted by the love of exerting power.”
Overthinking is not just a foible of stage villains. Intellectualism and hatred, as Coleridge saw it, are partners in crime—an idea that is also at the heart of Christianity, which pitted the redemptive power of compassion and love against the cold legalism of the Sanhedrin. “If I have prophetic powers, and understand all mysteries and all knowledge….but have not loved, I am nothing,” wrote Paul in 1 Corinthians 13:2.
Hyper-intellectualism is a driver of extreme political movements, too, whose leaders keep their followers riled up by serving them a steady diet of paranoia-inducing conspiracy theories. By “conspiracy theories” I don't mean the belief that terrible conspiracies exist (they obviously do), but the fiction that attributes all the world's ills to the secret machinations of an identifiable foe: the Jews, the Templars, the Jesuits, the “bankers,” the blacks, patriarchy, whomever. Anders Behring Breivik, the Norwegian mass murderer, wrote a 1,500-page manifesto that purported to expose the “alien system of beliefs, attitudes and values….that we have come to know as ‘Political Correctness.'” Its proponents, they said, included Islamists, Feminists, Frankfurt School Marxists, and multiculturalists of every stripe, all working together to bring about the collapse of the West.
Conspiracy theorists often subscribe to more than one theory, even if they seemingly contradict each other. A person who believes that the U.S. government has been reverse-engineering the technology it recovered from a crashed flying saucer at Roswell in the 1940s might also believe that NASA faked the moon landing on a soundstage. A 9/11 Truther might indict the government for failing to shoot down the planes that destroyed the World Trade Center and damaged the Pentagon, while at the same time deploring its callousness for supposedly shooting down Flight 93 over Shanksville, Pennsylvania.
Some contradictions—for example, the idea that billionaires and Communists are secretly allied, a common feature of right-wing conspiratorial thinking since the 1920s—are reconciled by a higher, all-encompassing theory, in this case that the Jewish Elders of Zion are pulling the strings of both. But the bottom line for the conspiracist is that officialdom always lies, not that one alternative scenario or another is the truth.
In a famous 2011 study at the University of Kent in England, researchers found that students who believed that the government was covering up something about Osama bin Laden were as likely to give credence to the theory that they were already dead when the raid at their compound occurred as to the idea that they remain alive and well today.
None of this is to say that governments and other established authorities are always trustworthy. They're not. But while conspiracy theorists claim to be skeptics, they vest far too much faith in their own superior knowledge; they impose their own narratives on events that defy simple explanations.
“Apophenia” is the psychological term for the tendency to see nonexistent patterns in random data; another word for it is “patternicity,” which was coined by the well-known skeptic Michael Shermer. Patternicity is a hallmark of conspiracy theory, as shown in this quote from Milton William Cooper's conspiratorial classic Behold a Pale Horse: “The numbers 3, 7, 8, 11, 13, 39 and any multiple of these numbers have special meaning to the Illuminati…..The United States was born on July 4, 1776. July is the 7th month of the year. Add 7 (for July) and 4 and you have 11; 1 + 7 + 7 + 6 = 21, which is a multiple of 3 and 7. Add 2 + 1 and you get 3. Look at the numbers in 1776 and you see two 7s and a 6, which is a multiple of 3. Coincidence you say?”
In its extreme manifestations, apophenia can be a symptom of a major mental illness, like schizophrenia. But Shermer argues that the human tendency to assign causality between events, even if mistakenly, might also confer evolutionary advantages, “as long as the occasional correct response carries a large fitness benefit.” Becoming alert for predators every time you hear leaves rustle turns out to be a great advantage the one time out of a hundred that a predator really is in the area. A study by scientists at Harvard University and the University of Helsinki, published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society, put their theory to the test and concluded that “behaviours which are, or appear, superstitious are an inevitable feature of adaptive behaviour in all organisms, including ourselves.”
All of us, in other words, are primed to believe evidence that supports our prejudices and predispositions, even when they're wrong and the evidence for them is dubious or contrived. Othello killed Desdemona because of the “ocular proof” that Iago had arranged for them to see; genocides have been inspired by evidence that is even more tenuous than the numerological babble I quoted above. Fear and hatred can conspire to make us both more credulous and more confident than we should be.
Our ability to think systematically is at the heart of science and philosophy, and even plays a large role in the religions that claim to disdain it. It is what makes us human. But it can be a terrible thing when it is too closely allied to hatred—and when it is insufficiently alloyed with skepticism, humility, and tolerance.
Related Articles
Read about Arthur Goldwag.
BEIRUT, Lebanon — The second deadly car bomb to strike the Beirut area in less than a week exploded on Thursday in a southern suburb of residential apartment buildings that is home to top Hezbollah offices and heavily populated with the group's supporters.
The blast created a black column of smoke visible across the city, shattered Windows 11 floors up and hurled debris hundreds of feet. It accelerated the tempo of political violence, which is mostly fueled by deep splits between Lebanon's Sunnis and Shiites that have been inflamed by the civil war in neighboring Syria.
Lebanon's health ministry said at least four people were killed in the suburb, Haret Hreik, and more than 70 were wounded. The state-run National News Agency said that human remains were found in a car near the blast site but that authorities had not determined whether they belonged to a suicide bomber.
The explosion came six days after a car bomb killed a prominent member of the Future Movement, Hezbollah's main political rival, who had openly criticized the group. And it came a day after reports of the arrest of a Saudi militant who leads a Lebanon-based affiliate of Al Qaeda, the Abdullah Azzam Brigades, which claimed responsibility for a suicide bombing in November near the Iranian Embassy in Beirut. Iran is an ally of Hezbollah.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
CHICAGO -- Demonstrators flocked to one of the South Side's largest churches Sunday morning after its pastor removed a woman from the congregation because of their same-sex wedding.
The situation renewed a long-standing debate in churches around the country, pitting tolerance and acceptance against tradition and teaching. There has been a massive culture shift over the last decade on gay marriage, but the Apostolic Church of God is staying put, saying it's defending faith and family.
Nearly two dozen people gathered outside the 20,000-member church at the corner of Doechester and 63rd Sunday to protest after a woman was kicked out or “disfellowshipped” from the church by Pastor Byron Brazier when it became public that a long-time member of the church married their partner in a same-sex ceremony last week.
“It was done with great grief, but it was in faithful observance to the scriptures and to the body of Christ," Pastor Brazier said from the pulpit Sunday.
Brazier argued that the parishioner was “disfellowshipped” because same-sex marriage violated church teachings.
“In this particular case, this member vowed to be in a marriage ‘until death do us part,' and they made a permanent decision. When that takes place there must be an equally permanent remedy, and that remedy is that they can no longer be a member of the Apostolic Church of God,” Pastor Brazier said.
They said they would be welcomed back if they chose to "restore" their faith. Outside of the church service, a pastor from the Progressive Lighthouse Church on the North Side delivered an opposing message.
"The pulpit is not a weapon with which to silence, but rather it is a beacon from which to shine light," Pastor Jamie Frazier said. "How could we say two men or two women in a committed god honoring relationship are sinning? Show me how two men or two women loving one another diminishes their capacity to love god, to love themselves and to love other people," Frazier said.
Pastor Brazier ended their remarks about the controversy on a defiant note, saying neither they nor their congregation would be intimidated. They said, “this is not a place for protest, this is a place of worship."
The president of a Colorado think tank cast their own ballot to prove a point about a “sloppy” new Democrat-supported election reform-law that makes it easy for outsiders to vote in the state's historic recall elections.
Jon Caldera, the president of the libertarian-minded Independence Institute, changed their registration from Boulder, Colo. to El Paso County, Colo. They were only required to affirm that they intend to make Morse's district their permanent home in order to vote in the election to recall Senate President John Morse.
Liberal critics called it a clear case of voter fraud, a felony, but Caldera said it illustrated that a new election reform law — which was sponsored by Sen. Angela Giron, who is also facing a recall — essentially allows anyone who has lived in Colorado for at least 22 days to vote in the recalls.
The only other legal requirement, Caldera said, is stating an intention to move to the district in which votes are cast.
“It is my belief that this extremely sloppy new election law was designed to legally move voters into districts where their vote is most useful. I will show how this dangerous new law works by easily and legally voting in the John Morse recall election,” Caldera said in a press release announcing their intention to switch registration locations.
Caldera said they left the ballot blank.
“The point was not to be that last vote for Morse — as delicious as that might be — the purpose is to show how easy it is under the new law to move voters from district to district,” they told The Denver Post.
Morse and Giron were targeted for recall because of their support of tough new gun-control laws that Caldera has criticized for months. The elections have been fraught with technical and legal problems, many stemming from the new voting law that gave the Democratic lawmakers' opponents more opportunities to paint them as out of touch.
The law allows prospective voters to register through Election Day, which in this case is Tuesday, and to legally cast a ballot as long as they provide a valid address within the district — which could be a temporary residence, including a homeless shelter or hotel room — and swear that they plan to make the district their permanent residence.
They called the new law “the wild card” in the outcome of the election.
“It's my conjecture that when it gets down to it, with the millions that are being spent right now, getting out the vote of registered voters in those districts is one thing, but that's not enough,” they told The Daily Caller News Foundation. “My guess is whichever campaign has access to the most buses wins under this new horrific law.”
Caldera told the Post that he's renting a room in Morse's district on a week-to-week basis and considers it to be their new home.
“I'll see what the town is like,” he's quoted as saying. “I've heard great things about it. I'm looking forward to checking out Colorado Springs.”
Some liberals have called for Caldera to be arrested, and Gov. John Hickenlooper's spokesperson called the move a “political stunt.”
But before they cast their vote on Saturday, Caldera told TheDCNF there's nothing illegal about it.
“If you've lived in Colorado for 22 day and you want to vote there, [as long as] you're willing to affirm that you have an intention to make that district your permanent home, they cannot deny you the right to vote,” they said.
Deputy Secretary of State Suzanne Staiert told the Post that Caldera hadn't broken any laws.
Follow Greg on Twitter
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Warren Jeffs polygamist sect (State of Texas)
Polygamist leader Lyle Jeffs has escaped their home confinement — but their lawyer thinks there's a possible supernatural explanation for it.
Salt Lake City news station Fox 13 reports that Jeffs's defense attorney Kathryn Nester submitted a filing in court this week explaining that they are, at the moment, unable to contact their client. They then proceeded to explain that they had no idea what had become of them and speculated on some far-fetched scenarios to explain their disappearance.
“As this Court is well aware, Mr. Jeffs is currently not available to inform their counsel whether or not they agree to the Continuance,” they wrote. “Whether their absence is based on absconding, as oft alleged by the Government in their filings, or whether they were taken and secreted against their will, or whether they experienced the miracle of rapture is unknown to counsel.”
Jeffs, who is the leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (FLDS), has been charged for their role in a food stamp fraud and money laundering scheme. They escaped their pre-trial home confinement this past June and has not been heard from since.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Dec. 24 (UPI) -- More than 500 measurable earthquakes have occurred in central Arkansas since September, and it's unknown if they'll stop anytime soon, seismologists say.
Researchers with the U.S. Geological Survey say they ranged in magnitude from a barely noticeable 1.8 to a very noticeable 4.0 temblor recorded Oct. 11, CNN reported Friday.
Locals say they are looking forward to the quakes going away.
"In the beginning, it was fun, it was neat, it was a cool thing to experience," Steve Wilson, assistant superintendent at Woolly Hallow State Park, said. "We've had all the fun we want."
Drilling for natural gas has been ruled out as a cause for the quakes, but experts are looking at saltwater disposal wells, Scott Ausbrooks, geohazards supervisor for the USGS, said.
Disposal wells are created when drilling waste is injected back into the earth after drilling.
The Arkansas Oil and Gas Commission issued an emergency moratorium on permits for new disposal wells earlier this month.
"I think everyone recognizes that there is an increased number of seismic events occurring in and around this area," Shane Khoury, deputy director and general counsel for the Arkansas Oil and Gas Commission, said. "If you look at the maps, at least circumstantially, there appears to be evidence that they may be related to disposal operations."
"But we also know that this is an area that is historically active," they said.
Convicted rapist working as security guard at rape crisis center arrested Copyright 2019 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Video
Fresno, Calif. - Last Thursday Fresno Police got a tip that 40-year-old Damon Rodgers, a convicted rapist, was working security at Rape Counseling Services in Fresno and illegally had a gun.
"He was followed down the street and ultimately pulled over by ourselves and units from the Southwest Policing District. Mr. Rodgers was cooperative. They were removed from their vehicle and was in possession of a loaded firearm," said Israel Reyes of the Fresno Police Department.
Rodgers who was convicted of rape and attempted rape in 1998, is now in jail and charged with being a felon in possession of a gun.
"Well my first reaction was wow and obviously our concern was obviously rape counseling services provides services for victims who have been sexually assaulted and then you have an individual who is a convicted sex offender for rape and attempted rape working at their facility. The optics on that are really bad," said Reyes.
Fresno Police Investigator Israel Reyes says if it wasn't for a tip from the public officers would've had no idea what was going on.
"I don't think we would've found out they were carrying a firearm, they were current on their annual registration and by all indications they were a compliant sex registrant," said Reyes.
Rape Counseling Services hasn't responded to our request for an interview, but investigators say the business works with an outside security company and had no prior knowledge of Rodgers.
"As far as we know there were no victims who were ever disturbed by Mr. Rodgers, but again it's something where an individual like that should not be working at that center," said Reyes.
Rodgers remains in jail and theirs being held on a $386,000 bail.
Leonardo Nam might have been at the center of Maeve's (Thandie Newton) escape attempt in season one of Westworld, but according to the actor, they were in the dark just as much as the audience was.
ET hopped on the phone with Nam ahead of Sunday's SAG Awards (the cast of Westworld is nominated for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble in a Drama Series), where they dished all about the show's shocking twists -- "It really took me a minute to pick up my jaw off the floor" -- spending hours with Newton in the nude -- "She really gave all to this performance" -- and their hopes for season two -- "the creators have been very hush hush."
EXCLUSIVE: Jimmi Simpson Talks 'Beautiful, Devastating' 'Westworld' Finale Moment With Evan Rachel Wood
"There is a thing called a happy dance, and that's exactly what came out of me," the 37-year-old actor said of their reaction to the SAG nomination. "I was dancing in my living room like, 'Aw yeah!' so it's so wonderful of course to have that nomination, but then there's a little bit of the 'Ugh, what? We've got to be up against them?'"
The "them" Nam is referring to is fellow nominated ensembles The Crown, Downton Abbey, Stranger Things and Game of Thrones -- but Nam insisted they think Westworld has "a very good chance," despite their "old crush" on Winona Ryder.
"I am really looking forward to seeing [Ryder]," they confessed. "And then Lily Tomlin, they are an absolute god to me. I'm really just going to geek out, honestly. My head's just going to explode."
"I'm starting to get excited... I'm now starting to kick into SAG Awards gear, and getting my stylist ready," they shared. "I really enjoy fashion, so I'm excited to be a part of how this all comes together. We're gonna bang it out, girl."
RELATED: SAG Awards 2017 Cheat Sheet: Everything You Need to Know!
Also nominated for a SAG Award is Nam's co-star and frequent scene partner, Newton, for Outstanding Performance by a Female Actor in a Drama Series, and though Nam's character, Felix, literally helped bring them to life, he's not looking for any recognition.
"I really gotta give it to them They really gave them all to this performance, and it really shows. People have really responded to their character and our storyline, so I'm just really grateful to be part of it," they said.
"It was super nerve-wracking for me an an actor [to work with Newton], but when I was working with her, it was just so wonderful, because not only is they an ultimate professional, but always so loving and so caring, not only about the work, but about us and our relationship," they added. "She was just so wonderful, just so darling and really took me under their wing."
The two definitely got to know each other well during the season, and not just because Newton performed most of their scenes in the nude.
RELATED: 'Westworld' Fans, Rejoice! HBO Renews Show for Season 2, 'Divorce and 'Insecure' Will Also Return
"The themes and the whole show is so intense... and then on top of that, you had the reality of [working with your co-stars] in the nude, and having to work in those confines," Nam admitted. "But it was great. Absolutely wonderful."
HBO
Another challenge of shooting the HBO drama was the series' several-month hiatus before filming the last four episodes, which Nam says didn't change their character so much as it did the atmosphere on set.
"It was actually a blessing in a way, because shooting-wise for the whole production was so intense because there was so many secretive things kept under wraps. It kind of helped us have a little bit of breathing room," they revealed, adding that he, very much like their character, went though the series blind to most of the twists and turns.
"I feel like my character is so much like the audience. My character only sees things as they are revealed," Nam described. "Production was very good at keeping things hush-hush and people only saw their storyline. Even when I was watching it, I had no idea at all."
EXCLUSIVE: How 'Boardwalk Empire' Led Jeffrey Wright to Say Yes to 'Westworld'
"There's that scene in the finale where I discover that [Bernard] (Jeffrey Wright) is a host, and I remember so clearly reading that and being like, 'What? What is going on?' and it really took me a minute to pick up my jaw off the floor," they laughed. "And [series co-creator] Jonah [Nolan] had to say, 'Right, Leo, let's get this going.' I was like, 'What is going on?' so that reaction [on screen] was real."
"The funny thing is [when] watching the show, I knew in my head, of course, that Bernard was a host because I had shot that scene, and I kept thinking, 'Oh, you know, that's the big reveal in the finale,' and then yet when they say, 'I don't see a door. What door?' in episode seven, my jaw dropped," Nam recalled. "Even I was floored by that."
Though Nam appreciates the many scenes they shared with Newton, Wright is among many of their co-stars they wished they spent more time with, in addition to Rodrigo Santoro, Ingrid Bolso Berdal, Evan Rachel Wood and Anthony Hopkins. Someone they bonded with right away, however, was fellow Australian Luke Hemsworth.
"As soon as I knew they were Aussie, I'd make the Australia call ("Aussie Aussie Aussie") and then he'd make the call back, 'Oi Oi Oi!' so we bonded," Nam explained. "His birthday, ironically enough, is the same birthday as me, so we're twins. So I gave them an Aussie flag koozie."
"It's trashy!" they joked.
MORE: 'Westworld' Finale: [SPOILER] Is Wyatt, Maeve Attempts Them Escape and Ford's New Narrative Is Finally Revealed
As for what season two holds for Nam, they say he's just as "interested to find out what they're going to do" as the audience.
"The creators have been very hush-hush about that," they said. "I got a little teary-eyed thinking about [Maeve's decision to return to the park in the season finale], but my feeling is that Felix is just like crapping their pants at that point."
"I hope [in season two], Felix finds a way to freedom. He's a very brave character, and I think you were starting to see glimpses of that," they added. "I would love to see that bravery and that courageous heart come out more in the park."
EXCLUSIVE: James Marsden Opens Up About 'Westworld' Finale, Says Season 2 Talk Is 'Pure Speculation'
The Appleverse is chock-full of new and refreshed gizmos. First item of the fall Apple offerings on our teardown table—the iPad Mini 4. Apple seems to have homogenized their iPad lineup by putting an iPad Mini 3 and an iPad Air 2 in a fusion chamber—boom, iPad Mini 4. A fused display, 8 MP iSight camera, and 2 GB of RAM in the same 7.9″ mini form factor some of us love.
While the design looks cleaner and the specs are better, repairability didn't improve correspondingly. The iPad Mini 4 inherits a miserable 2-out-of-10 score from both the Mini 3 and the Air 2. No gold stars from us, Apple.
iPad Mini 4 Teardown highlights:
• The Mini 4 features the same fully laminated screen tech we've seen in the iPad Air 2, at Mini 3 size and resolution. This is part of what makes the Mini 4 18% thinner than the Mini 3—but it's also more expensive to fix when you drop it.
• Not only is the battery thinner and of lesser capacity, it's now a single cell, instead of two. And still no handy adhesive tabs à la iPhone.
• This iPad is some kind of Mini/Air hybrid—half its antennas on the top (like an Air), half on the bottom (like a standard Mini).
As the first plus-size smartphone from Google, the Nexus 6 represented a major departure from the now discontinued Nexus 5 when it was introduced in November 2014. Straddling the line between phone and tablet, the Motorola-manufactured Nexus 6 features a huge, gorgeous quad HD display as well as a powerful Snapdragon 805 processor and a nimble camera that takes ultrasharp photos.
It's also the first and only handset (for now) that will support Google's Fi wireless service. For $20 a month, Google Fi provides voice, text, Wi-Fi tethering, and international coverage in more than 120 countries; data services cost an additional $10 per gigabyte. The service is currently invite-only; you can request an invite here.
Nevertheless, the Nexus 6 isn't inexpensive and, despite its large size, comes up short in a few key areas.
Review Update: Spring 2015
The Nexus 6 is a very big phone that delivers a pure Android experience, meaning that Motorola has been forbidden from making tweaks to the user interface or underlying software. When it debuted in late 2014, the Nexus 6's support for Lollipop 5.0 gave it a significant edge over Android models stuck with an older version of the OS. Google's rollout of the newest version of Lollipop to an expanded field of handsets erases that advantage.
Another factor to consider is the handful of new flagship phones announced at Mobile World Congress in March 2015, including the Samsung Galaxy S6 and HTC One M9 . If you're looking to buy a new phone in the next few months, know that the competitive landscape will soon be shifting.
If you're looking to buy a larger phone or phablet more immediately, we think there are better options than the Nexus 6. The iPhone 6 Plus is an elegantly crafted device that features a fantastic camera and user-friendly OS. The Moto X is quite similar to the Nexus 6 but smaller and less expensive. For now, our favorite Android phablet remains the Galaxy Note 4 . It features a slimmer design than the Nexus 6 at a comparable price point (with some variability by vendor) as well as a powerful processor that performs equally well, a superior suite of native productivity tools, and a powerful built-in S Pen stylus.
Availability
In the US, you can order an unlocked Nexus 6 from the Google Store for $649 (32GB) and $699 (64GB). Prices vary among the carriers that stock the device, which include T-Mobile, AT&T, Sprint and US Cellular; Verizon added the Nexus 6 to its lineup in March 2015. The handset is sold in 28 other countries, with 4G LTE variants both for the Americas and countries on other continents. In the UK, it costs £499 (32GB) and £549 (64GB). The 32GB model costs AU$869 in Australia and the 64GB model is AU$929.
Hardware and key components: The guts of the operation
The phone is powered by a quad-core, 2.7GHz Snapdragon 805 processor from Qualcomm, which is the same CPU found in other powerhouse devices like the reworked LG G3 Cat 6 for Korea, the Samsung Galaxy Note 4 and the Motorola Droid Turbo . The processor includes the Adreno 420 GPU for smooth graphics rendering and gameplay.
Giving the Nexus 6 its juice is a non-removable 3,220 mAh battery. Similar to its predecessors, the battery has wireless charging capabilities, and can supposedly regain 6 hours of power after 15 minutes of charging with a specialized Turbo charger that features Qualcomm Quick Charge 2.0 technology. We'll detail how these components perform later on in the review.
Josh Miller/CNET
The handset has a 13-megapixel camera with a dual-LED flash that encircles the lens and a 2-megapixel front shooter. Additional goodies include 3GB of RAM and 16 or 32GB of internal storage. Unfortunately, there is no option to insert a microSD card for additional memory.
Design: AKA, the Motorola Moto 'XXL'
The Nexus 6 looks a lot like the second-gen Motorola Moto X -- but on steroids. It has the same curved back, an aluminum trim that dips down into the backplate at the top edge, and a branded M-dimple, for Motorola.
Size and weight Google Nexus 6 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Dimensions 6.27 x 3.27 x 0.40 inches (159 x 83 x 10.1mm) 6.04 x 3.09 x 0.34 inches (154 by 79 by 8.5mm) 6.22 x 3.06 x 0.28 inches (158 x 78 x 7.1 mm) Weight 6.49 ounces (184g) 6.2 ounces (176g) 6.07 ounces (172g)
The Nexus 6 is a big device, and at 3.27 inches across, it may be too wide for some users to grip comfortably. Weighing in at nearly 6.5 ounces, it's also heavier (and thicker) than both the Galaxy Note 4 and iPhone Plus 6.
It also doesn't feel as well built as those other devices. The handset doesn't look cheap in any way - we appreciate the dark aluminum trim and dual front-facing speaker grilles - but it comes up short next to the Note 4's glossy, contemporary aesthetic and iPhone 6 Plus's lightweight all-metal quality.
The Nexus 6's plastic back also calls attention to fingerprints. We reviewed the Midnight Blue variant and had to constantly wipe it down to clear away smudges; every time we did this, the plastic rear made crackling noises as we pressed and rubbed against it. This isn't enough to turn us away from the Nexus 6 altogether, but for a $650 device, it was still unnerving to hear. Prints may be less visible on the Cloud White version.
Josh Miller/CNET
Display: Going big for a reason
The great benefit of the handset's larger profile is the enormous screen. Vibrant, razor sharp, and immersive, the phone serves up nearly six inches of media-viewing goodness. Web pages, HD videos and graphics-intensive games all looked buttery-smooth, with dynamic colors and fine details.
Both the Nexus 6 and the Galaxy Note 4 have a higher resolution and pixel density than the iPhone 6 Plus, with the latter having the most pixels packed per inch among the three. Though the specs vary slightly, all the screens look equally crisp and well defined.
Display resolutions, compared Google Nexus 6 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Display 5.96-inch AMOLED (2,560x1,440) 5.7-inch Super AMOLED (2,560x1,440) 5.5-inch LCD (1,920x1,080) Pixel density 493ppi 515ppi 401ppi
We noticed some differences with regard to color, however. Given the iPhone's LCD screen and the other two's AMOLED display, there are obvious distinctions in temperature, with green, blue and red hues appearing more saturated and rich on the Galaxy Note 4. The iPhone shows the purest and brightest whites, which are especially apparent next to the Nexus 6, whose whites look faintly yellow. The deepest blacks are produced by the Note 4; Apple's phablet displays black with an almost bluish tone; and the Nexus ranks in the middle.
In general, it's a matter of personal preference. The Galaxy Note 4's screen, for which you can adjust display tones, delivers the greatest punch, though some colors, especially skin tones, appear unrealistic. Though the iPhone's display looks a tad muted, its colors are more true-to-life. The Nexus 6 is a good compromise. It has better color representation than the Note 4, but isn't as vibrant. It's more vivid than the iPhone, but its colors aren't as accurate. Bottom line: all of these devices deliver an engaging and expansive viewing experience.
Josh Miller/CNET
Software features: Oh lolli, lolli, lolli
Android 5.1 Lollipop addresses some known issues and adds a handful of new features; check out our report here.
Living in a Material world
Prior to the , Android 5.0 introduced a completely redesigned interface called Material Design. Animated, playful and colorful, Material reaches just about every corner and crevice of Android -- from the dialer, to the notifications shade and even the hotkeys for back, home and overview (previously known as recent apps) have changed into simple geometric shapes.
Animations are a big part of Material; nearly everything that you interact with via touch moves in some way. Sometimes it's a transparent gray shade that ripples outward with every tap or a small wave that moves as you drag your finger across the screen. When you launch the app drawer, its circular icon expands into a big rectangular window; and when you're at the unlock screen, texts zoom in and out.
These animations make your Android handset seem very dynamic and almost alive. Some CNET editors like the effect, but others say that the animations appear to slow the device's performance.
Screenshots by Lynn La/CNET
Another part of Material is cards. Notifications, the app drawer and text in many apps have their own designated card that's layered on top of the background. Calendar features whimsical, full-colored seasonally-themed backgrounds for each month, and can add relevant images to events using key words entered by users such as "dinner." These graphics pop up through a parallax scroll effect. You can turn them off if you want, but we found them quite charming.
Screenshots by Lynn La/CNET
Notifications, overview and quick settings
Notifications can be viewed on the lockscreen, similar to Apple iOS and Moto Alerts on Motorola devices. Tapping a notification will launch the relevant app; swiping dismisses it altogether. Users can also control how much information apps display, which is useful for sensitive emails and messages.
Long-pressing a notification card in the menu shade reveals individual settings, but Google has included an "app notifications" master list inside the settings menu as well. Alerts for phone calls, alarms and texts may pop up while you're in the middle of a smartphone task; these are called "heads-up," and you can tap to launch or swipe to dismiss.
Recent apps and multitasking capabilities, referred to as "overview," are activated by the square hotkey located at the bottom right of the display. Tap it and you'll see all the active apps that are running the background. Laid out like a stack of cards, overview also shows you multiple tasks within individual apps. With Gmail, for example, two overview cards appear if you have your inbox open while you're drafting a new message.
Screenshots by Lynn La/CNET
Overview gives an informative preview of and context for recently-used apps, though they can add up quite quickly. The addition of multiple tabs per app also piles on more windows. It's unfortunate there is no "clear all" button that closes them all at once; a user must swipe or tap cards individually. The quick settings menu, accessible with a two-finger downward swipe at the top of the screen, features auto-rotate and Bluetooth toggles as well as Wi-Fi and Bluetooth toggles.
Additional goodies
Google's 2014 "Project Volta" initiative set out to improve battery life, giving developers more control over how their apps impact run time; the OS features a battery-saver mode that turns off background data and decreases the CPU clock speed when power reserves are running low.
Lollipop lets users unlock their smartphone via Bluetooth. If the Nexus 6 detects a known Bluetooth device nearby, such as a Motorola Moto 360 or LG G Watch , the phone will automatically unlock itself.
Josh Miller/CNET
The OS also features screen pinning, which restricts others to only one screen (like an app or game), and a guest mode, which lets others access the phone's Google apps, camera, messages, and dialer.
If you're moving from another phone to the Nexus 6, Google makes it simple to migrate your apps, wallpapers and account settings; turn on NFC on both devices, tap the backs and wait until the handsets connect. The loading process takes only a few minutes depending on how much content you have on your old device, and makes the migrating process easy.
Online footage of the incident involving news anchor Tatyana Limanova went viral in both Russia and the West causing REN TV, their employer, huge embarrassment.
To broadcast bosses' horror, Ms Limanova was caught mechanically raising their left arm and showing the camera their raised middle finger after referencing US President Barack Obama.
REN TV, a privately owned channel controlled by associates of Vladimir Putin, the prime minister, said on Thursday it had decided to take them off air calling their actions "unacceptable" and "unprofessional".
"On 14 November during the 'News 24' programme the presenter Limanova made an unacceptable gesture that was a synonym for an offensive expression," it said in a statement.
The channel, which is broadcast to 120 million people, claimed the gesture was intended for their colleagues in the studio rather than for President Obama.
"It had no subtext and was not linked with the news that Limanova was reading at that moment," it said.
Nonetheless, it said it had been left with no choice but to fire them
"A decision has been taken that T Limanova cannot and will not continue to work on the REN TV channel as a presenter," it said.
Sources close to the channel had previously tried to defuse the row by claiming that the newsreader had believed they were off camera at the time and merely providing a voice-over for a report. They had raised their middle finger as a jokey retort to studio technicians who had been trying to put them off their stride, they said.
Another shocking video of multiple Baltimore police officers working together to plant evidence came to light Monday after the Baltimore Public Defender's office said they had incriminating footage on the officers, taken from body cameras.
The video comes two weeks after the same office released body camera footage that appeared to show a police officer putting a bag of what looked like pills in a parking lot in January this year. In the latest footage, a new set of unnamed officers are seen manufacturing evidence. Melissa Rothstein, spokesperson for the Public Defender's Office said: “A series of body worn camera videos show multiple officers searching a car, including the front driver side area. After the car has been thoroughly searched, the officers turn off their body cameras and reactivate them.”
Thirty seconds of footage was recorded before the camera was turned on as Baltimore police use cameras which were programmed that way. The footage recorded during this time shows one of the officers placing something in the vehicle. The camera is then turned back on.
Read: Bodycam Footage Shows Venus Williams Being Told By Police They Likely Caused Accident
Later, an official can be heard asking if the area by a particular compartment had been searched. When no one replies, the officer themselves searches and locates a bag containing what seemed like drugs. However, charges against the driver of the car were dropped in November, according to New York Daily News.
Although the video was not released to the public by the Baltimore Public Defender's office, it was obtained by ABC News and an edited version was later posted on YouTube by the news network. The date in the video showed that the incident occurred in November last year.
The additional thirty seconds caught on tape proved to be damaging to the other set of police officers who were seen on body-cam footage, planting drugs in a similar manner at the scene of a suspected drug dealer's arrest in January. Following the incident, one of the officers, Richard Pinheiro was suspended and the other two officers were assigned administrative duties. Charges against the dealer were also dropped.
Moreover, 34 cases of felony, drug charges and gun charges were dropped as they were based on the testimonies of the officers who were implicated in the video in July. 77 more cases are also being reviewed.
Read: Alligator Wrestling Florida Policeman Outside House Recorded On Bodycam
“Anytime an allegation of misconduct is made, we take it seriously and investigate it fully. Right now, we are investigating the allegation that was brought forth by the Office of the Public Defender and the State's Attorney's Office,” the department told ABC about the incidents.
In another instance of faking body cam footage and planting evidence, Officer Seth Jensen of the Pueblo Police Department, Colarado produced fake footage in court, claiming to have found seven grams of heroin and a .357 Magnum in a man's vehicle in May this year. The footage produced was actually a re-enactment of the entire search conducted by the officer, the court found.
Related Articles
1 Yoghurt
If we start from the perspective that milk, in terms of flavour, nutritional value and animal welfare, is one of the things you shouldn't skimp on, it follows that your yoghurt should be made with good milk. Organic, natural yoghurt costs about £1.50 for 500g (Yeo Valley), and organic, Greek-style yoghurt £1.80 for 500g (Rachel's). Making your own pot of 750g, using Claire Thompson's Get Ahead recipe, involves buying a small one (50p, Yeo Valley) to use as a starter for 4 batches, and a litre of whole milk per batch (£1.10, Yeo Valley). The cost works out at 80p for 500g – not an inconsiderable saving. Go the extra mile to turn your batch into Greek style, which simply involves straining the yoghurt – your yield will be lowed, proportional to how much whey you strain out, but the overall cost will still make it worth your while.
You save 14p per 100g for plain
2 Granola
The beauty of this breakfast staple is that it is endlessly adaptable to your pocket and your pantry. Using The Kitchn's excellent ratio of 8 cups dry ingredients (5 of oats, 3 of nuts/seeds/dried fruit) to 1 cup wet ingredients (¼ oil, ¾ sweetener), something similar to Dorset Cereal's honey granola (69p per 100g) would cost you about 50p per 100g. Look out for good deals at healthfood shops (the “penny sale” at Holland and Barrett, for example) and bulk-buy dried fruit and nuts from Asian and Turkish supermarkets or online wholesalers – and you can bring that cost down even further.
You save 19p per 100g
The 10 best oat recipes Read more
3 Rye bread
As any budding breadmaker will tell you, producing a loaf as good as a artisanal baker's loaf is no mean feat. But rye bread is a good place to start: accessible, achievable, delicious and long-lasting. Tim Hayward's quick recipe will take a few hours and cost £2.50 to achieve a loaf about 1.5kg in weight. By comparison, Ocado sells 1kg rye loaves for £5.50, which is already much cheaper than the prices you'll see in independent bakeries for much smaller loaves.
You save 39p per 100g
4 Pesto
Pasta's favoured outfit, generally a basil, pine nut and parmesan affair, can be made with pretty much any flavourful green leaf, oily nut and salty hard cheese, making it another thrifty basic. Provided you have olive oil, garlic, salt and lemon juice, there's a pesto for every budget. The Kitchn's winter greens pesto gives you an idea of how to adapt the original: make it as written, and your pesto will cost you 85p per 100g. Replace parmesan with grana padano or pecorino, walnuts with almonds or pumpkin seeds, and kale with veg tops (celery leaves, beetroot, carrot or turnip tops) and you can bring that cost down to 50p. Not to be sneezed at, when you consider that fresh pesto from deli counters can cost as much as £1.30 per 100g, and still cheaper than jars of the cheap long-life stuff cost 53p per 100g.
You save 80p per 100g for fresh tubs
5 Healthy snacks
Health snacks, energy bars – call them what you will, these are immensely overpriced and incredibly easy to make from scratch. The Kitchn have a 3-ingredient no-cook batch that takes minutes to make and can cost as little as you like. The basic ratio is 1 cup nuts, 1 cup dried fruit, 1 cup dates. So a walnut-apricot-date combo will cost £1 per 100g. If you fashion 12 x 40g orbs out of that, you'll have your own version of the £2 Bounce Balls for a piddly 40p each. Of course, many store-bought snacks boast specialist ingredients that come with a hefty price tag – spirulina, ginseng, whey protein powder etc. But in including a dusting of superfoods, you'll only be adding 30-40p to the cost of your entire batch. For a batch of macadamia and coconut balls, for example, based on this recipe, with the ingredients adapted slightly to mirror as far as possible those found the Macadamia and Coconut Bounce Ball, you're looking at a cost of about £1.15 per 100g, compared to the shop-bought price of £5 per 100g. Definitely still worth your while.
You save £3.85 per 100g
Our 10 best healthy snacks Read more
6 Jams and curds
Supermarkets can supply you with really cheap condiments. Sainsbury's Basics marmalade costs just 7p per 100g – a price that's hard to beat, but it's only got 20% fruit content. Homemade preserves are on another level in terms of flavour and they're one of the economical cook's go-to tools for making the most of a glut. What's more, the cost of homemade jam can come in lower if you're willing to while away an afternoon over an epic batch: 4kg of your basic three-fruit marmalade works out at 5p per 100g. By comparison, Sainsbury's Taste the Difference, Tiptree and Bonne Maman marmalades all cost between 44p-62p per 100g. The trick is to stick to what's in season.
The same is true of curds. You can buy Sainsbury's Basics lemon or lime curd for as little as 7p and 18p per 100g respectively if you aren't concerned about the quality of the eggs and butter involved. Or you could splash out on those luxury jars often found in farm shops (National Trust ginger curd with honey is £5 for 200g). If you make your own with organic, free-range eggs and organic butter it will cost you closer to 70p per 100g. Pass the toast.
You save over 50p per 100g on jams, and as much as £1.80 per 100g on curds
7 Nut milks and butters
Good-quality nut milks and butters are a surefire way to bust the budget, so buy raw ingredients in bulk and start blitzing. Green Kitchen Stories's David and Luise make it with nuts (almonds, cashews or hazelnuts), water, a pinch of salt and a teaspoon of spices (vanilla, cardamom, cinnamon or cloves). Some sweeten theirs with a few dates. So, a litre of homemade almond milk will cost you £1.44 plus the 20p or so for whichever flavouring you go for. By comparison, Rude Health's almond milk costs £2 a litre. Mixing it with seeds or oats will bring down your cost. Oatly plain organic oat milk costs £1.40 a litre; making your own with organic oats will cost little more than 20p.
Homemade almond butter made following GKS's basic recipe will cost £1.02 per 100g; cashew butter £1.25 per 100g, give or take a few extra pennies if you like your nut butters salted. That's half the cost of Meridian's almond butter (£2.32 per 100g) and 40p less than their cashew butter (£1.65 per 100g). Granted, it will take you some years to recoup the cost of an awfully good food processor or high-speed blender, but still ...
You save at least 3p per 100ml of nut milk and £1.30 per 100g of almond butter
Nigel Slater's pickle recipes Read more
8 Pickles and ferments
Much like their sweet counterparts, savoury preserves, pickles, ferments and other condiments are an excellent way of maximising on the value of an overabundance of seasonal produce. You can make your own batch of River Cottage piccalilli for about 50p per 100g, when the posher jars on Ocado cost at least £1 per 100g. Homemade kimchi is another winner, at about 30p per 100g, compared to buying pots online at, say, Sous Chef (which is where you can buy the specialist Korean ingredients, by the way) for three times that amount. Check out Kylee Newton's compendium, The Modern Preserver, for more recipes.
You save at least 50p per 100g
9 Flavoured oils and salts
This type of aromatic jar is usually the preserve of the overpriced deli, which is daft, given how easy they are to make. All you need is a bottle of good extra virgin olive oil, or a tub of good flaky salt, and your choice of flavouring. Take your pick from citrus peel, rosemary, sage, chilli flakes, basil, chives, garlic, ginger … The ratios for oil are 2 tbsp of flavouring to 250ml of oil, according to Epicurious, and 1 tsp of flavouring per 80g salt according to The Kitchn. So a 250ml bottle of oil infused with lemon peel will cost you £1.90; with garlic, £1.51 – compared to the shop-bought costs of £3.25 and £2.20, respectively. Similarly, making a 250g tub of smoked garlic powder-infused Maldon sea salt would come to less than £1 per 100g. Sainsbury's sells Schwartz bottled garlic salt for £2.30 per 100g, while the Halen Mon chilli and roasted garlic sea salt on Ocado costs a whopping £5.50 per 100g.
You save at least 28p per 100ml on oils, £1.30 per 100g on salts
10 Dips
It's tempting to sneak readymade pots of dips into your basket at the shops but the cost soon racks up. Hummus, guacamole and the like are super-easy and super-cheap to make from scratch. A batch of Felicity Cloake's perfect hummus works out at around 30p per 100g, whereas your average shop-bought variety costs 43p per 100g. Similarly, Felicity's perfect guacamole costs 47p per 100g, compared to Sainsbury's £1 per 100g. Of course, the fun in making these yourself is that you can freestyle with fresh herbs, drizzles of flavoured oil, scatterings of nuts and seeds, harissa, caramelised onions and the like, all at a fraction of the cost of the primped-up shop-bought versions (Ocado's range of special dips all hover between 70p-£1.50 per 100g).
You save at least 13p per 100g on hummus, 53p per 100g on guacamole
•This article was amended on 17 May to correct the potential savings in making your own yoghurt.
Looking for a companion who will help you "Make America Date" again? Then this new dating site has you covered.
TrumpSingles.com, a new dating site started by 35-year-old David Goss, matches up singles who all share an affinity for presumptive GOP presidential nominee Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE.
ADVERTISEMENT
In an interview with the New York Post, Gross said vocal support of the brash and controversial nominee sometimes makes it difficult for their supporters to find dates.
“I think there's a special stigma when people say they're supporting Trump, because of some of the brash things that he's said," Gross told the newspaper.
“At first I was concerned that people would think this was a parody site. ... But people have told me that they're so happy they can finally go on dates without worrying about political differences.”
Gross added that most of their website's 500 users are from New York, Washington, D.C., and Los Angeles. He's looking to add a mobile app within the next week.
It's not the only political-themed dating website. BernieSingles.com brings together supporters of Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE, an independent Vermont senator and Democratic presidential hopeful.
--This post was updated on June 10
Apple CEO Tim Cook has been hinting at Apple's interest in augmented and virtual reality all year, and it seems that interest continues to grow. Business Insider spotted two people who were hired by Apple over the summer after working at a pair of the biggest names in field: one at Oculus VR, the other at Magic Leap.
The two hires don't mean much on their own, but they suggest that Apple is continuing to invest in AR and VR research with the goal of eventually putting out a product. In January, the Financial Times reported that Apple already had "hundreds" of people working on AR and VR, though those employees were said to have come from acquisitions of smaller companies. Their goal, according to the report, was to eventually build some kind of headset.
Apple seems to be more interested in AR than VR
Cook's comments make it sound like Apple's eventual headset — or whatever form the product takes — will be focused on augmented, not virtual, reality.
On Wednesday, Cook took a minute to discuss the two categories with Good Morning America, saying that they suspect virtual reality "probably has a lower commercial interest over time" and that they believe "augmented reality is the larger of the two, probably by far." In particular, Cook pointed to the fact that augmented reality lets you interact with the world around you while you're using it.
At some point in the near future, very possibly tonight, the bullpen will lose another game, because the offense lost the game yesterday and so now it's the relievers' turn. They're very good at taking turns. Unselfish. It's good to see. So who do we trust? Who do we not trust? Let's explore!
One note: I'm doing these in reverse order this time, because it leaves a much more pleasant taste in your mouth at the end. Is there a TWSS in there? There's probably a TWSS in there.
Anyway, 15 guys. Better get started!
(TWSS)
15. A sudden heaviness inside you
The burden of expectations is like a weight inside your body. Why do the others not understand? It is not for them to judge. It is not for them to understand your caprice.
14. A king leading the last of their troops into a hopeless battle
Some will desert, they know. At the last minute, some, maybe even most of them will leave them and leave the regiment, making their way alone through a harsh world. Good for them, they think, their sword heavy at their side. Good for them.
13. A stranger at the end of an alley, cloaked in shadows, something in their hand
Is it mercy? Are they the one waiting to finally end this facade? You could turn back. But then, why would you? Isn't this why you're here?
12. A tree deep in the woods with just one word carved on it: SAVE
Nothing can be saved, you know. Your path through the forest has vanished; your friends have all forsaken you; even your name has been lost. Names don't matter. To be saved is an impossibility. You are not here for that.
11. Looking up at the night sky to realize the stars are all wrong
There is no North Star. There is no Southern Cross. There is no Big Dipper. There are no Zodiac constellations. And every time you look at one cluster of stars, another one moves. You could swear it. You could swear it.
10. A chess set where, at first glance, every piece has your father's face
You're not a bad person, you want to explain to him, but he's gone. They were never really there. You might as well not be there either.
9. A bright light at the bottom of the lake, beckoning to you
It must be 80 feet down, and you have to swim. Night after night, you resist it. Night after night, you ignore it. But tonight, don't you want to touch it. It's something beautiful, you're sure. You can make it down. Can you make it back? Well, you can make it down.
8. A submarine at the bottom of the ocean, slowly taking on water
Some of the crew is trying its best, which is obvious. The others are presumably doing what they can too. Does it matter? There is a crack in the hull and you must surface immediately. You cannot surface immediately while the ship is taking on so much water. Some of them, bless them, are trying very, very hard. You appreciate some of them.
7. A man in the gas station staring at you intently
They have a corner of the gas station that he's holding down. You're not sure if they work there or is a customer. Maybe he's there every day. Maybe they just came in. But they keep looking at you. No, they keep looking through you.
6. An endless hall of portraits but one you must keep walking through
You never see them staring at you. You never see the eyes move. You can never be sure if this is something that's really happening in the world or if it exists only in your fevered, panicked imagination. But you can't see the door ahead. And for that matter, you can't see the door you came through either.
5. An abandoned car in the desert
It gets too hot during the day, of course, and so you are forced to find something else. But at night, the heat from your body can warm it up enough to make a cozy space for yourself. You have never looked for the keys. Maybe you could leave. But then, where would you go? There is only the desert.
4. A beached steamship that you never should have started exploring
The locals all stayed away. That should have been your first hint. But you paid a steep price for your guide. At first you weren't sure about him, but over the last several weeks he's proven himself, and they took you to the precipice. The rest, you had to do on your own. You did it. Here you are. You shouldn't have come.
3. A stranger who you swear you once met in a dream
 They are unfailingly polite to you. They know your name. They know your life's story. They know your interests and distastes, hobbies and pet peeves. He's doing nothing wrong. It's been years since he's done anything wrong. But then, you've never actually met him.
2. A pencil that will only write down the wrong answer
You know every answer on the test. You couldn't be more prepared. But every time you go to write something down, it changes. Every time you try to show off what you know, how well you've done, something else comes out. You want to tell people it's not your fault. You want to, but it won't help. The answers are all wrong.
1. Derek Law
Welcome back, buddy!
turbo.roo the two-legged chihuahua gets 3D-printed wheelchair
turbo.roo the two-legged chihuahua gets 3D-printed wheelchair
image © turbo.roo
turbo.roo was born with only their two hind legs, and upon their breeder's realization that the dog would require more attention then they could handle, surrendered him. the chihuahua was subsequently adopted by a technician at the downtown veterinarian in indianapolis, USA, ashely looper, who is a set-up a small fundraising campaign for the 6-month old puppy to finance a set of bespoke wheels to assist their mobility.
front view of the 3D-printed wheelchair supporting turbo.roo's upper body
image © turbo.roo
news of the story and initiative caught the attention of mark deadrick, president of san Diego-based 3dyn who decided to do their part and designed a small cart with wheels to support turbo.roo.
a 3D-printed support is outfitted with skateboard wheels to support the miniature pup
image © turbo.roo
the custom wheel-chair was printed using a makerbot 3D printer and outfitted with skateboard wheels for easy roaming.
turbo.roo enjoying their freedom
image courtesy of the downtown vet
this heartwarming story can't help but spark memories of buttercup, the baby duck who received a 3D-printed prosthetic leg to balance the backward left foot they were born with.
image © turbo.roo
via 3ders
The company whose chief executive campaigned for President Obama stands to become a target of investigations by multiple committees.
Rep. Darrell Issa (R-Calif.), who has promised to be an aggressive watchdog as chairperson of the House Oversight Committee, has led congressional Republicans in questioning whether Google has inappropriate ties to the Obama administration.
Issa wrote to the White House in April to ask whether a technology official and former Google employee had unethical contact with the company.
ADVERTISEMENT
“The American people have a right to expect that White House employees are working to advance the public interest and not the interests of the lobby shops who formerly employed them,” Issa said in the letter.
Their spokesperson, Seamus Kraft, said the committee “will continue to be
concerned about consumer privacy issues and the Presidential Records Act.” Both issues directly affect Google.
Watchdogs have also questioned Google's ties to Democrats. The pro-free-market group National Legal and Policy Center, for example, has labeled the company the Halliburton of the Obama years. Halliburton was closely associated with the administration of President George W. Bush.
Google downplayed the impact of the new GOP-led House by saying it has friends in both parties.
“Technology isn't a partisan issue,” said spokesperson Mistique Cano. “We've believed for a long time that it's important to build relationships on both sides of the aisle, and that's something we've done for years.”
Though Republican gains in the midterm elections have many tech companies rejoicing over a majority that is less inclined toward regulation, Google's major public policy issue — privacy — appears likely to stay on the table.
New online privacy rules that could squeeze Google's business model are one of the few legislative issues on which Democrats and Republicans say they can work together.
“It will be a challenge for any company whose main business operates on data,” one tech industry lobbyist said.
The core of Google's business is online advertising, which could be limited by laws that dictate how marketers can use people's personal information.
“Google isn't helping itself with its Wi-Spy breach,” said another tech industry lobbyist, referring to a recent data breach by Google that raised alarms on Capitol Hill. They said such mistakes might make privacy regulations more likely as members worry about how companies are treating people's digital identities.
Though privacy issues are nothing new, they could receive extra attention depending on who becomes chairperson of the House Energy and Commerce Committee, according to a telecom industry lobbyist.
Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas), a candidate for the position, is co-chairperson of the congressional privacy caucus and has already said they are interested in investigating Google for a past privacy breach. Rep. Cliff Stearns (R-Fla.), another candidate for the post, has been tinkering with online privacy legislation for years and has promised to push it next Congress.
Barton has said Google's data breach warrants congressional attention.
“Google said [the breach was] inadvertent, but [private information] wasn't just kind of accidentally gathered, and so I do think that's something to look at,” Barton said this month.
Analysts say that within the full context of the telecom and Internet industry, Google may be weaker under a Republican majority.
“We believe Republican midterm election gains would generally strengthen the hand of [some phone companies], cable and broadcasters … over their telecom, media and tech rivals,” a report from telecom analysts at Stifel Nicolaus said this month, listing Google as one of these “rivals.”
Meanwhile, Google's signature issue, net neutrality, seems all but dead on Capitol Hill, as House Republicans unanimously oppose the policy.
The company has recently backed away from the net-neutrality fight, and seems unlikely to push it in the next Congress, according to observers.
But it will be hard to escape its legacy as the company that wanted to “regulate the Internet,” according to a telecom industry lobbyist. The net-neutrality campaign alienated many Republicans in Congress, they said.
“That's a lot to get past in Washington, D.C.,” they said.
There are some signs Google might be making inroads with the GOP.
Eric Schmidt, the company's chief executive, met with GOP Majority Transition Chairman Rep. Greg Walden (R-Ore.) in their office on Capitol Hill shortly after the elections, providing tips on how to improve House operation. Schmidt is also reputed to have a strong relationship with such influential Republicans as Sen. Orrin Hatch Orrin Grant HatchThe FDA crackdown on dietary supplements is inadequate Orrin Hatch Foundation seeking a million in taxpayer money to fund new center in their honor Mitch McConnell has shown the nation their version of power grab MORE (Utah).
The company has a solid bench of Republican strategists, including policy counsel Pablo Chavez, a former aide to Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.); communications executive Jill Hazelbaker, a top aide on McCain's presidential campaign; and policy manager Seth Webb, a former aide to then-House Speaker Dennis Hastert (R-Ill.).
Google has also bolstered its contributions to Republican candidates. Between July and October, 55 percent of Google NetPAC's contributions went to Republicans ($57,500). Democrats received 45 percent of contributions ($47,500), according to an analysis by the organization Consumer Watchdog.
Those figures are a change from the last filing, in which Democrats received 58 percent of the contributions and Republicans received 42 percent ($14,000).
One telecom lobbyist said the general bent of House Republicans away from regulation means the environment will benefit all companies — even Google.
“As this goes forward, we'll see whether GOP candidates who campaigned on being pro-business will keep their promises by welcoming Google's economic contributions,” they said.
Supreme Court of Canada.in Ottawa. (Wikimedia Commons)
Oh, Canada: Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia Now Just Another Medical Procedure
NEWS ANALYSIS: After the national parliament failed to meet a court-ordered deadline this month, doctor-directed death is no longer a crime anywhere in Canada.
CHARLES LEWIS
TORONTO — Canada has officially crossed the boundary into a place in which the sick, the suffering and dying can be legally dispatched by lethal injection or a glass of liquid poison.
On June 6, the nation's laws against assisted suicide and euthanasia evaporated by order of the Supreme Court of Canada, stemming from a ruling made in February 2015. The court gave Canada's Parliament until June 6 of this year to create new legislation. But as the deadline was missed, euthanasia is no longer considered a crime. Indeed, assisted suicide now carries the same status as any other medical procedure.
In Canada, as elsewhere, supporters of the practice have used the terms “death with dignity” and “medical aid in dying” to describe what used to be viewed as killing and punishable under the old law. Most of us opposed to killing patients use the terms “physician-assisted suicide” or “euthanasia” interchangeably, as both end in the deliberate death of the patient. In the former, patients are given fatal drugs to take home and ingest when they are ready. The latter takes place when a physician actively kills the patient with a hypodermic needle.
The present situation has put many Catholics and other anti-euthanasia activists in a quandary. The vast majority of the House of Commons and Senate, the two chambers of Parliament, are enthusiastic supporters of assisted suicide, which means that petitions, writing letters and demonstrations likely will have little impact.
“We live in morally confusing times, and it looks like things are going to get a lot worse in what Pope St. John Paul II prophetically called a ‘culture of death,'” said Patricia Murphy, assistant professor of moral theology at St. Augustine Seminary in Toronto. “But as people of faith, we must not get discouraged, especially now.”
The Alberta provincial government, for example, ordered police and prosecutors not to lay charges against a medical team who kill a consenting patient “who is suffering intolerably with a grievous and irremediable condition,” the Globe and Mail reported.
Other provinces have suggested that doctors who plan to practice euthanasia get a court's permission first.
A License to Die
The term “grievous and irremediable” were the terms used in the 2015 court decision as qualifications for state-sanctioned killing. The phrase does not mean deadly or near-death. “Grievous” is a subjective definition of discomfort and pain, while “irremediable” simply means chronic.
The court said that no one in such circumstances, even those with psychological problems, should be denied their or their wish to die. It also insisted that while doctors do not have to do the procedure, they must refer to someone who will, something the Catholic Church calls cooperation with evil.
The House of Commons passed Bill C14 on time, but the Senate has held the bill up for not going far enough. The Senate, an appointed body, has demanded that the framework of the bill leave out any reference to death as criteria for a patient to request death.
The woman who brought the original case against the euthanasia ban, Kay Carter, would not have been eligible under C14 for doctor-assisted death because their natural death was not “foreseeable.” Carter, who suffered from a debilitating case of spinal stenosis, died in 2010 at a death center in Switzerland.
In April, Carter's family told the Toronto Star they hoped the government would change the wording of C14 so those who are suffering but not dying would be eligible for help in committing suicide.
Then in May, the Alberta Court of Appeal criticized the Liberal government for restricting assisted suicide to only those whose dying is foreseeable.
This state of affairs may last for weeks, months or even years, depending on whether the two houses of the Parliament of Canada can agree on what a final bill should look like.
Rejection of Judeo-Christian Morality
There is no doubt, though — no matter whether assisted suicide remains in limbo or is codified into law — that Canada has entered a frightening world in which several thousand years based on Judeo-Christian morality have been rejected. It is as if the Good Samaritan of the Gospels is no longer praised for helping the wounded man, beaten and broken on the side of the road, but is instead lauded for bashing the victim's skull, all in the name of ending suffering.
“Let us set aside the fact that this transforms the concept of medicine, which is no longer the art of healing and/or accompanying, but only the instrument for eliminating suffering,” said Douglas Farrow, a professor of Christian thought in the faculty of religious studies at Montreal's McGill University, in a speech on June 3 to the (Canadian) Catholic Civil Rights League in Toronto.
“I continue to marvel at the claim of the court: that one is unjustly deprived of life, if one is resolved to kill oneself at some future point and finds that one must do so sooner rather than later, because one fears that later one may not have the strength, indeed, the autonomy, to follow through on one's own,” said Farrow, also an author and a frequent contributor to First Things magazine. “What remarkable dexterity, which even the U.S. Supreme Court would be hard-pressed to match. The new logic of fear — fear of suffering — trumps the old logic of the sanctity of life.”
The court ruled last year by a vote of 9-0, in what was called the “Carter Case,” that the laws against assisted suicide violated the Canadian Constitution's guarantee of “life, liberty and the security of person.”
Carter's family, along with the British Columbia Civil Liberties Union, decided to pursue the case through the courts even after they had died.
Parallels to Abortion
The situation Canadians find themselves in, at least temporarily, is similar to the issue of abortion. In 1988, the Canadian Supreme Court ruled that the ban on abortion also violated the same rights. A few years later, the government of the day tried to introduce federal abortion regulations, but the bill never made it out of the Senate. Since then, abortion has essentially been available on demand, with few if any rules regulating the practice, even though successive governments could have reintroduced abortion regulations — and still could.
However, almost 30 years after that decision, no one is holding their or their breath. The Liberal Party of Canada, now the governing party, banned pro-life candidates from running under its banner in the 2015 federal election.
But regarding assisted suicide and euthanasia, most observers believe that Canadian Parliament eventually will pass a bill closer to what the national Supreme Court demanded, putting Canada on par with Belgium and the Netherlands where thousands of people, young and old, dying and not dying, are put to death every year.
For anti-euthanasia Catholics, the looming question is: What now? Campaigns to lobby the government through letters, petitions and demonstrations have failed. The Liberals, who control the House of Commons, promised in the 2015 election that such a bill would be made law.
Still, there are things those who are opposed to this evil can do. Canada only has palliative-care spaces for 30% of those who need it, a situation that has not improved in six years. The current administration of Justin Trudeau still promises to increase palliative care, but many wonder about the sincerity of that pledge.
There is also the embarrassing statistic — according to a 2015 poll, the latest available, which asked about religious identity — that roughly 70% of Catholics either strongly or moderately support euthanasia.
“Like the early Christians, we must encourage and support each other — we need to assure friends and family and even co-workers that they are not alone, that they are not crazy for thinking that killing innocent people is never an acceptable alternative to real suffering. No one can build a culture of life alone,” said professor Murphy of St. Augustine Seminary.
“Catholics need to learn about the difference between ordinary and extraordinary measures. They need to learn what true palliative care is. Most people really mean well and want to do the right thing, but Catholic formation [on these issues] has been sorely lacking.”
Register correspondent Charles Lewis
is a Canadian pro-life activist
who writes from Toronto.
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce announced that its customers can now use the newly launched Apple Watch to conduct mobile banking operations – a first among the Big Six banks – as traditional lenders continue to build an awkward relationship with Apple Inc. and other technology companies that are moving into the financial arena.
The mobile app is fairly basic at this point, providing the ability to check balances, transfer funds or search for a nearby ATM.
But in announcing the new app at CIBC's annual general meeting on Thursday, the bank has taken a decidedly different approach from many of its peers in the way it views Apple and other companies.
Story continues below advertisement
A number of other Canadian bank chief executives have been talking about the competitive threat posed by new players in the banking space because they offer customers the ability to make payments from their smartphones, pushing aside the traditional role of banks in the customers eyes.
Royal Bank of Canada is wary that these new competitors could lower the profile of traditional banks. Toronto-Dominion Bank, while recognizing the threat, pointedly refused to mention Apple by name at its annual general meeting.
But Victor Dodig, CIBC's chief executive, appears to be taking a more pragmatic approach. Asked if they view Apple as a competitor, they said that they prefer to see things from the consumer's perspective.
"What does the consumer want?" they said in an interview prior to bank's shareholder meeting. "If my consumers and clients want it, you embrace it and try to integrate it into your system."
They said that making the new technology safe, in terms of security features, is important. It also has to add value to the banking relationship with clients.
"I'd say with the new entrants, some of them are offering new technologies and interesting ways of transacting that I think are of interest," they said. "I don't think they want to be banks; I think they want to participate in the financial system."
"That is the reality of the day. One of the reasons we've been able to have a leadership position in technology is we've always embraced these changes."
To the consternation of America, which sees itself as guaranteeing the current security order in East Asia, the new leaders of the region's two biggest powers are moving further and faster with agendas that unsettle the status quo.
One is the son of a People's Liberation Army general in China's revolutionary era who later became a staunch supporter of economic opening (Xi Zhingxun). The other is the grandson of the bureaucrat who pioneered East Asia's “development model” in occupied Manchuria (Nobusuke Kishi, later prime minister) and son of a man who was preparing to be a kamikaze pilot when World War II ended (Shintaro Abe, later foreign minister).
Since becoming China's communist party chief and state president in November 2012, when they were expected to focus on economic reform, Xi Jinping has taken an unexpected close handling of the vast People's Liberation Army as chairperson of the party's Central Military Commission, a role assumed more diffidently by their predecessor.
Their leadership has been marked by a readiness to up the ante in the campaign to wrest the uninhabited Senkaku (in Japanese) or Diaoyu (in Chinese) islands in the East China Sea from Japanese control, and to push China's claims to resources in a vast scoop of the South China Sea.
In November, China declared an “air defence identification zone” covering the Senkaku/Diaoyu group and partly overlaying the aviation identification zones of Japan and South Korea, warning of possibly “defensive” measures against aircraft that did not report. In January, its authorities issued a note requiring foreign vessels to obtain licences for fishing in waters administered by Hainan, the island province jutting into the South China Sea. It is not yet clear what these waters are, but they could be those enclosed by the famous “nine-dash line” marking China's claims on its official maps.
Meanwhile, Japan's prime minister, Shinzo Abe, celebrated the first anniversary of their return to office on 26 December, by making a formal visit to the Yasukuni shrine. The site has been shrouded in controversy since 1977 when its priests included 14 wartime leaders convicted of war crimes among the Japanese war dead it venerates.
This follows a year in which Abe signalled they wanted to revamp the landmark apology in 1995 by then prime minister Tomiichi Murayama expressing “heartfelt apology” and “deep remorse” for Japan's “aggression” before the 1945 surrender. Abe said they wanted a more “forward-looking” statement, and quibbled at the word “aggression”. They have also condemned the Tokyo tribunal in which the 14 war leaders were convicted as “victor's justice”, and said they were not guilty of anything under Japanese law.
The Yasukuni visit took international relations experts by surprise. They expected it much later in Abe's term. The US Government expressed its “disappointment” in an unusual open criticism.
“I do not believe the visit helped American foreign policy,” noted Kurt Campbell, who was assistant secretary of state for East Asia in President Barack Obama's first term, in a talk at Washington's Centre for Strategic and International Studies (CSIS). “It puts us in a very difficult position.”
Washington officials are dismayed that Abe is stirring up historical grievances not just with China but with its other regional ally South Korea, at a time when they want international pressure on Beijing to moderate its assertive approach to its maritime claims.
Although a new National Security doctrine published by Tokyo in December emphasises a tighter defence relationship with the United States, Abe's wartime revisionism and their professed wish to amend the war-renouncing Article 9 of the postwar constitution could also indicate a yearning to break free of the American embrace.
China's “assertiveness” can be seen partly as reaction to measures provoked by Japanese ultra-nationalist groups to plant the flag on the disputed islands, or to fishing and petroleum activity by other claimants in the South China Sea.
But it is also seen as testing Washington's willingness to back up the strategic “pivot” or “rebalancing” to Asia announced by Obama in Canberra in November 2011 – an incremental policy of converting maritime resource zones into virtual territory by excluding military and spying activity, and as pushing the US Navy back from China's sea approaches.
The question being asked, said former Bush administration national security official Michael Green at the CSIS talk is: “Does the United States really have the juice if things get rough in the East China Sea?”
That fits into a narrative that Obama's Asia pivot has dissipated somewhat, with their second-term secretary of state, John Kerry, concentrating on the Middle East. Washington's prompt dispatch of two B-52 bombers on an unannounced flight through China's new air defence identification zone, and Kerry's swing through East Asia has not entirely dispelled the sense of distraction.
Few expect a deliberate military move on the islands by China, though Japan is gearing up a new marine corps and thinking of new naval assets to deal with a lodgement. But Campbell and others see a high risk of an accidental clash, as emphasised by a near collision between US and Chinese warships in the South China Sea in December.
Campbell said Washington has “tried for two decades” to set rules of engagement at sea. They think China's reluctance comes from an unwillingness to reveal limits of capability, from tensions between the party and the PLA, from a worry about conceding US forces rights to operate up to its 12-mile territorial limit, and from strategic use of “uncertainty” as a deterrent.
Further tension can be expected mid-year, when benign weather allows young nationalists from Japan, China, Taiwan and Hong Kong to show their stuff in rented fishing boats. Meanwhile, the princely scions of two Asian dynasties may further push agendas that in different ways challenge the post-1945 American order - to the dismay of those who think correcting domestic economic and social imbalances the better way to strength.
Hamish McDonald, a fellow at the Australian National University's College of Asia and the Pacific, is in Washington as a public policy scholar at the Woodrow Wilson Centre.
Show full PR text
FUJIFILM announces FinePix X100
PHOTOKINA 2010, COLOGNE, GERMANY, September 21, 2010 - FUJIFILM Corporation is pleased to announce the new FinePix X100, a high-grade digital compact camera featuring an APS-C CMOS sensor, a Fujinon 23mm fixed focal length lens and a newly developed Hybrid Viewfinder, due for commercial release in early 2011.
The FinePix X100 is aimed at the professional photographer or keen enthusiast looking for exceptional quality pictures from a compact camera. It is designed to appeal to the millions of DSLR users who need a slim back-up camera for high quality in-fill shots when the use of a bigger SLR system is either inconvenient or impractical. Or, of course, it can be used as a professional's only top-end camera, if size and versatility are the primary considerations.
Fujifilm has closely studied the current line-up of professional cameras and feels that there is a strong need for a compact high-quality (APS-C based) camera as a counterpoint to an SLR. Using the experience of working with generations of photographers using famous emulsions like Velvia, Provia, Astia etc., Fujifilm engineers distilled this knowledge into months of careful study to create the perfect compact-sized professional camera.
The priority for this model is picture quality, so it was decided to make the highest quality possible lens and sensor combination, built from the ground-up. The lens chosen is a fixed, prime F2 lens, made by Fujinon, manufactured to perfectly match the APS-C custom sensor. Added to this is the newly-developed EXR Processor, which combines all the latest image processing technology Fujifilm has built up over the years.
Other cameras on the market look to fill the need for the ultimate 'compact' professional camera, but the Fujifilm development team believe that, having listened to the marketplace, the FinePix X100 offers a number of technical developments that will set this camera apart from other contenders. The main technologies employed in this camera are as follows:
Hybrid Viewfinder New Development
The Hybrid Viewfinder on the FinePix X100 combines the window-type "bright frame" optical viewfinder found in high-end film cameras such as 35mm or medium-format cameras, and the electronic viewfinder system incorporated in fixed single lens or mirrorless digital cameras. By integrating a prism for the 1,440,000 dot LCD panel image on the viewing screen in the reverse-Galilean optical finder, the Hybrid Viewfinder can show both the shooting frame and a variety of shooting data.
It can also be used as a high-quality electronic viewfinder to compose or playback shots, with the ability to instantly switch between optical and electronic viewfinder images with simple "one touch" control. The new Hybrid Viewfinder offers users expanded freedom in the composition and enjoyment of photography in a range of challenging shooting conditions.
While digital compact cameras have become ever slimmer and more compact in recent years, composing and viewing shots on large, higher resolution LCD panels on the back of the camera has become the mainstream practice for today's users.
On the other hand, shooting with an optical viewfinder is the standard practice for conventional film cameras and the preferred method for large numbers of digital camera owners. Many prefer the finder to be as close as possible to the eye, so the user can focus attention exclusively on photo composition, to get a clear view of the subject without distraction.
While traditionalists prefer the clear, sharp view of an 'optical' finder, modern electronic displays, giving data like shutter speed, aperture, white balance, exposure correction and sensitivity can aid the photographer tremendously. The new Hybrid Viewfinder on the FinePix X100 aims to give the user the 'best of both worlds.'
Further specifications for the Hybrid Viewfinder are as follows:
* The reverse Galilean optical finder with a 0.5× magnification features all-glass elements made from high-refractive index glass and demonstrates low chromatic aberration and distortion.
* In optical viewfinder mode, the brightness of both the "bright frame" and text data is automatically adjusted according to the brightness of scene area, ensuring that shooting information is always easily and clearly viewable.
* Displayed shooting data is constantly updated according to changes in shutter speed, exposure, sensitivity and other settings.
* In electronic viewfinder mode, the photographer can preview the picture or playback the result with the "through the sensor" image review. Available with one-touch switching ease, this capability enables the user to preview and confirm exposure settings, depth-of-field effects, white balance, and macro shots.
12.3 Megapixel APS-C CMOS Sensor
* The FinePix X100 features a custom CMOS high-performance sensor, internally optimized and developed exclusively for this model.
* Optimization of the angle-of-incidence in conjunction with the specially developed lens maximizes light gathering efficiency extending to the perimeter of the sensor for a sharper image with exceptional clarity.
* When shooting HD movies, the combination of the large-sized sensor and the large aperture F2 lens, lets users shoot a soft out-of-focus touch (bokeh) - a capability not available in conventional compact cameras.
* The ideal combination of a fixed focal length lens, high-sensitivity sensor (approx. 10 times the sensitivity of a conventional compact *) and a high-performance image processor captures exceptionally high-quality images over the entire sensitivity range from low to high ISO settings.
* The high-speed CMOS sensor read-out and the EXR Processor's enhanced focusing system contributes to the high-speed AF performance, while the combination of the optical viewfinder and extremely low shutter time lag enhance the pleasure of every shot.
23mm F2 Fujinon (Aspherical) Lens
* The newly-developed lens offers a focal length of 23mm (135 equivalent: 35mm) and the widest aperture of F2. Made from moulded glass, the lens contains 8 elements in 6 groups.
* The adoption of the non-collapsible lens structure with minimized lens length not only contributes to the compact size but also eliminates telescoping of the lens when the power is on. It's ready to start shooting the moment you turn it on.
* Exploiting the merits of fixed focal length lens, this lens delivers sharp resolution of the total image from the centre to the corners. In addition, the lens features not only the large F2 aperture value, but also an optical architecture that maintains a high degree of resolution even when closed by 1 to 2 stops.
* The lens uses a 9-blade aperture diaphragm. A large F2 aperture and high-quality optics let users take beautiful photos with a soft out-of-focus (bokeh) effect.
* The lens enables macro shooting as close as 10 cm.
* Featuring a built-in ND filter (equivalent f-stop reduction of 3), the lens can enhance depth-of-field even in bright shooting conditions by enabling the aperture to be kept wide open. Shutter speed can also be reduced to capture waterfalls, or any shot where intentional blur is required.
EXR Processor Newly Developed
* When combined with the high-performance lens and high-sensitivity sensor, the newly developed EXR Processor achieves the highest definition, sensitivity and wide dynamic range image quality of any digital camera produced by Fujifilm.
* Throughout development of the processor, Fujifilm has re-examined every aspect from response to the circuit structure, and achieved a significant leap in signal processing performance for a more responsive and faithful reproduction of the image.
* The graphical interface (style and rendering of the LCD information) has been upgraded in the newly developed LSI to enhance the user experience and to improve the clarity of the information presented.
Design
* Inspired by the beauty and form of classic cameras from the past, the FinePix X100 combines all the latest technical digital innovations in a beautiful, traditional chassis which oozes class and prestige.
* The ergonomics of the design offer the perfect balance between compact convenience and user-friendly operation.
* The camera controls have been carefully thought out to give the photographer simple and speedy access to aperture, shutter speed, ISO etc, to allow maximum creative expression with minimum hassle. Custom modes can also be used for a one-touch change in settings.
* The upper control deck/bottom surface has been cast from magnesium alloy (semi-solid metal casting) to contribute to a high-precision camera body with high rigidity.
* All dials on the upper control deck are fabricated from metal. Adoption of traditional 'manual' dials lets the user confirm the position of the settings without turning on the power.
The entrepreneur behind the City of Chilliwack's logo said they were left shocked and frustrated after they saw the City of Vancouver's brand new wordmark, which bears a resemblance to their 2011 creation.
Dan Mansell said a friend tagged them in a Facebook post about the Vancouver's new branding after it was approved by city councillors earlier this week.
"I couldn't believe it," Mansell said. "I was really shocked."
The designer owns Basecamp Creative, a Chilliwack-based design company. They were commissioned to create the city's new branding six years ago.
The resulting logo, which features a mountain illustration inspired by the Fraser Valley's Cheam mountain range, was trademarked by city officials that same year.
Vancouver began plans to refresh its logo in June, according to a report, with the goal of creating something simpler and more social-media friendly.
'We share the same highway'
Mansell said they think the two designs are "too close to be a coincidence."
"If this was a city in Australia, I wouldn't be so mad. If this was a city in a different part of Canada, whatever. But this ... we share the same highway."
Three standard versions of Vancouver's new wordmark were created for use across city assets, which will be updated over the course of 2017. (City of Vancouver)
"My bet is that the designer was researching other city branding and looked at what I did with the City of Chilliwack and maybe subconsciously copied it or got too fixated [on it]," they said. "But I obviously don't know the process for sure."
Mansell said they submitted "four or five drafts" of the branding before it was ultimately approved by Chilliwack city council.
They declined to say how much they received for the project, but said it was "certainly less" than the $8,000 shelled out by Vancouver.
"That's the extra infuriating part," the designer said.
Trademark law
Mansell hasn't decided whether or not he'll pursue legal action but said they will be "exploring all of their options."
However, a Vancouver-based trademark lawyer says there might not be many options for the designer to explore.
Upon its completion, Mansell transferred copyright of the artwork to the City of Chilliwack.
Because they no longer owns rights to the artwork, it's unlikely the designer would have a successful copyright case, says former lawyer Andrei Mincov.
Mincov said Chilliwack could pursue action against the City of Vancouver, but that "there may not be much that can be done."
"The use of a plain, publicly available font to depict the name of a city even if another city had been using the same font doesn't constitute trademark or copyright infringement," they said. "When Chilliwack's logo is viewed as a whole, its only protectable elements are the words 'City of Chilliwack' and the image of the mountain. The words are protected as a trademark — or, more specifically, an official mark. The mountain is protected as both copyright and a trademark.
"Neither of these elements is present in Vancouver's new logo."
CBC News has reached out to the City of Vancouver for comment.
ATHENS (Reuters) - Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos told lawmakers to back a deeply unpopular EU/IMF rescue in a vote on Sunday or condemn the country to a “vortex” of recession.
They spoke in a televised address to the nation, ahead of Sunday's vote on 3.3 billion euros ($4.35 billions) in wage, pension and job cuts as the price of a 130-billion-euro bailout from the European Union and International Monetary Fund.
The effort to ease Greece's huge debt burden has brought thousands into the streets in protest, and there were signs on Saturday of a small rebellion among lawmakers uneasy with the extent of the cuts.
Papademos said parliament had a historic responsibility to back the bill, or face catastrophic consequences if Greece misses a March 20 deadline to service its debt.
“A disorderly default would set the country on a disastrous adventure,” they said. “It would create conditions of uncontrolled economic chaos and social explosion.”
“The country would be drawn into a vortex of recession, instability, unemployment and protracted misery and this would sooner or later lead the country out of the euro.”
Parliament's finance committee approved the bill on Saturday, and a full vote in the chamber is expected late on Sunday.
The Papademos coalition has a huge majority, which should ensure parliament approves the package needed to secure Greece's second bailout since 2010.
But the number of dissenters is growing.
About 20 MPs belonging to the two major parties backing Papademos shrugged off threats from party leaders and warned they might reject the bailout. It would take more than 80 rebels to scupper the law.
Six members of the Papademos cabinet have already resigned.
INCALCULABLE CONSEQUENCES
In an interview with the newspaper Imerisia, Deputy Finance Minister Filippos Sachinidis described the catastrophe they believe Greece would suffer if it failed to meet debt repayments of 14.5 billion euros due next month.
“Let's just ask ourselves what it would mean for the country to lose its banking system, to be cut off from imports of raw materials, pharmaceuticals, fuel, basic foodstuffs and technology,” they said.
On the second day of a 48-hour protest strike, about 50 Communist party activists draped two large banners on the ramparts of the Acropolis on Saturday, reading: “Down with the dictatorship of the monopolies (and the) European Union.”
About 7,000 protesters gathered in Athens, police said, but there was no repeat of the teargas and petrol bombs of Friday.
Members of the conservative New Democracy party, which has a big lead in opinion polls before elections possible in April, are likely to back the deal solidly. Around 10 have threatened not to.
“This is obviously an issue of party discipline,” party leader Antonis Samaras told their lawmakers in parliament, warning anyone who voted ‘No' “will not be a candidate in the next election.”
Former Socialist Prime Minister George Papandreou, who negotiated the first bailout before their government collapsed in November, acknowledged the pressure.
“I've lost friends, my family suffered, I gave up my office, I was insulted, vilified, like no other politician ever was in this country,” they told PASOK's parliamentary group.
Medics try to help an anti-austerity protester, who lies unconscious after they were injured by police, in front of the parliament in Athens February 11, 2012, during a demonstration on the second day of a 48-hour strike by Greek workers unions. REUTERS/Yannis Behrakis
“Still, all that is nothing compared with what our people will suffer if we fail to do the right thing.”
Party discipline is much weaker at PASOK, whose support has dived to 8 percent in the latest opinion from the nearly 44 percent it commanded when Papandreou led it into power in 2009.
The deal includes a bond swap to ease Greece's debt burden by cutting the real value of private investors' bond holdings by some 70 percent.
FIFTEEN BILLION MORE?
The chief negotiator for private creditors in the debt swap deal, Charles Dallara, urged a ‘Yes' vote, saying the deadlines allowed “no room for slippage.”
In comments published on Saturday, Dallara, who is managing director of the International Institute of Finance (IIF), said private creditors were committed to a voluntary agreement and that they expected a “very high participation rate.”
“It is important for lawmakers to understand what is at stake,” Dallara told Kathimerini newspaper.
Lawmakers need to approve the deal by Sunday, otherwise the country will not make a February 17 deadline to submit the debt swap offer to its private-sector bondholders, Finance Minister Evangelos Venizelos said on Saturday.
Euro zone finance ministers have told Greece that by then it must also explain how 325 million euros ($430 million) out of this year's total budget cuts will be achieved before it agrees to the bailout.
Bailout documents released on Friday left blank the amount of the rescue. Venizelos said 15 billion euros more might be needed to rescue the country's banks, confirming estimates from EU officials.
The EU and IMF have been exasperated by a series of broken promises and weeks of wrangling over the bailout. They will not release the aid without clear commitments by the main party leaders that reforms will be implemented, whoever is in power.
Slideshow (9 Images)
The uncertainty has upset world financial markets, with stocks snapping a five-day winning streak on Friday and the euro tumbling.
The bill, approved by the cabinet on Friday along with hundreds of pages of accompanying documents, sets out reforms including a 22 percent cut in the minimum wage, pension cuts worth 300 million euros this year, as well as health and defense spending cuts.
The government promised to speed up implementation of reforms in the labor, product and services markets, cut spending, and push through a privatization plan. ($1 = 0.7582 euros)
Celtic fans were very impressed with their young Irish defender on their European debut
An impressive European debut for Eoghan O'Connell.
Celtic secured a valuable 1-1 draw in their Champions League third-round qualifier away to Astana. Brendan Rodgers' side went behind to the side from Kazakhstan after 19 minutes following a defence mix-up on a corner.
For long periods of the game, it appeared as though Celtic would be returning to Glasgow empty-handed. However, their chances of progression to the final qualifying round of Europe's top club competition was greatly aided by Leigh Griffiths' strike 12 minutes from full-time.
The striker showed great composure to finish beyond the Astana 'keeper, following some good work down Celtic's right hand side by Patrick Roberts.
It was the performance of Eoghan O'Connell that appeared to catch the eye the most in the game though. The 20-year-old defender from Cork, and cousin of former Ireland rugby captain Paul O'Connell, was drafted into the team due to Celtic's injury problems, but didn't look out of place.
Hoops' fans were very impressed.
@celticfc Get in there hon the Bhoys Roberts excellent. O Connell class tonight — Patrick Keane (@pakeane1984) July 27, 2016
Give Eoghan O'Connell time and I can see them doing very well at Celtic in the future. — Rachel Lynch (@Rachel_Lynchx) July 27, 2016
O'Connell playing out of their skin!!! — Radar (@Radar1888) July 27, 2016
Eoghan O'Connell 👊🍀 — Ross McGinley (@RossMcGinley3) July 27, 2016
Really impresed with young O'Connell. Stands out like a real pro. Puts the rest of the experienced players to shame. — James McCall 19🏆67 (@j4mcc4ll) July 27, 2016
What a player the boy O Connell is going to be, looks a Rolls-Royce in this game — Patrick Cregg (@PadgeCregg) July 27, 2016
Listen to our GAA podcast with Colm Parkinson. Click here to subscribe on iTunes
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201609/2220/1155968404_5142131229001_5142133519001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Harry Reid: 'Donald Trump is a racist'
Donald Trump is a racist, Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid said on the Senate floor Monday afternoon, and the media has been negligent by refusing to label them as such.
“Virtually every time Donald Trump says or does something discriminatory -- and that's often -- the media relies upon a catalog of buzzwords to describe their actions,” Reid (D-Nev.) said Monday. “The press uses words like hateful, intolerant, bigot, extremist, prejudice, to name but a few. Yet there's always one word that many of the press conspicuously avoid: racist. They never label Trump as a racist. But they are a racist. Donald Trump is a racist.”
Story Continued Below
In their Senate floor remarks, Reid said “racist is a term I don't throw around lightly,” and detailed a handful of the allegations of discriminatory behavior leveled against the GOP nominee. The Nevada senator recalled the housing discrimination lawsuit filed against Trump in the 1970s, when their real estate company was sued for steering minority applicants away from buildings with mostly white tenants and marking their applications with a “c” or the number nine.
They also quoted a former employee of one of Trump's Atlantic City, New Jersey, casinos who recalled an edict from the Manhattan billionaire that black employees be pulled off the casino floor whenever they visited.
Reid said Trump's racism has “reached new heights” during their White House bid. They ticked off Trump's support for the so-called “birther” movement, their proposal to temporarily ban Muslims from entering the United States and their comment — uttered when they first announced their candidacy — that Mexican immigrants "are bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, they're rapists, and some, I assume, are good people.”
They also highlighted Trump's attacks against U.S. District Court Judge Gonzalo Curiel, who the Manhattan billionaire has accused of bias in presiding over a fraud case against them because of the judge's Mexican heritage. House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-Wis.) called Trump's attacks “the textbook definition of a racist comment.”
“Here we are seven weeks from Election Day, and the speaker of the house and Senate Republican leader are both endorsing this racist man. We probably should not support a man for president who by their speaker's own admission is a textbook definition of a racist,” Reid said. “Think of the example he's setting for our nation's youth. Republicans are normalizing this racist behavior. This will be their legacy, one of them. They got plenty to add to that.”
“It's time for Republicans to stop closing their eyes to Donald Trump's racism, and it's time for reporters and journalists to be honest with the American people,” Reid added. “They owe America the truth. Through their words and deeds, Donald Trump is a racist.”
CLICK HERE to watch the trailer in amazing 4K resolution!
World Tour starts June 18th - Get your tickets now! You don't want to miss this!
Starring:
#REALvsUNREAL
World Tour starts June 18th - Get your tickets now! You don't want to miss this!
#theunRealmovie
unReal is for those of us who escape. A film that celebrates breaking free from the confines of reality and venturing into a boundless world. This place isn't remote or hard to find, and yet many never see it. Here, glacial walls transform into mountain bike trails, rain and snow aren't the only elements to fall from the sky and a thousand pound mammals become riding partners. Breathtaking visuals conjure feelings of awe and pure joy; feelings that only those of us who venture outside can truly understand. This film is dedicated to you - the dreamers, the rule-breakers, the ones who never grow up, the ones who know the secret - the ones who know the way into the unReal world.To get people stoked for the film release, we are launching acontest on social media from now until June 22. We want to see what YOU do to escape the “”. Show us your worst real world experiences - your traffic jams and spilled coffees - then show us your way out. What does your unReal world look like? Prizes include a custom unReal themed Trek Slash, along with prizes from Shimano, Sony ActionCam, Evoc, Smith and Western Digital. Full contest details can be found at www.tetongravity.com/contests/real-vs-unreal Presented by Sony in association with Shimano and Trek . unReal is co-produced by Teton Gravity Research and Anthill Films . Written, directed and edited by Anthill Films. Art direction and additional writing by Good Fortune Collective . Additional support for the film is provided by Bike Magazine Western Digital , and Whistler Mountain Bike Park
Another anti-gun group gets caught with the proverbial hand in the cookie jar. This time Gabby Giffords has their prints all over it.
The total amount of illegal contributions received was $15,250. That is not a small chunk of change. Giffords' PAC, Americans for Responsible Solutions PAC, received three illegal donations it has been discovered. This is not coincidence or a mistake. One could be a mistake and two could be coincidence. Three times is conspiracy to defraud.
Publicintegrity.org reports:
Singer, actor and comedian Bette Midler took to Twitter on April 18 to promote Gabby Giffords' new gun control effort. “GABBY GIFFORDS SPEAKS, AND They Are FURIOUS!!” Midler wrote as they touted a New York Times opinion column authored by the former Arizona Democratic member of congress who survived a 2011 shooting and has since launched an advocacy group that aims to curb gun violence. Just weeks later, Midler upped the ante, donating $10,000 to Americans for Responsible Solutions PAC, the super PAC arm of Giffords' group. The gift came from Midler's private family foundation, according to campaign finance records. Before the second quarter ended in June, another family foundation — the Rupa and Bharat B. Bhatt Foundation — contributed $5,000 to the group and the New England Congregational Church in Saratoga Springs, N.Y., gave $250. They were modest contributions considering the group raised $6.6 million in the first half of 2013 — more than any other super PAC. But they were also strictly prohibited by the Internal Revenue Service. Nonprofits organized under Sec. 501(c)(3) of the U.S. tax code are restricted from “directly or indirectly” intervening in political campaigns. And private foundations — such as the Midler and Bhatt foundations — are also prohibited from lobbying to influence legislation. … Tax experts told the Center for Public Integrity that foundation donations to Giffords' super PAC could be “very problematic.” Nonprofits organized under Sec. 501(c)(3) “cannot spend one penny” on partisan campaign activity, said Cleta Mitchell, an attorney in the Washington, D.C., office of Foley and Lardner LLP. “You can't give them money to do things that you can't do,” they continued. Political committees, such as super PACs, are “essentially radioactive” for 501(c)(3) nonprofits, added Marcus Owens, a lawyer at D.C.-based Caplin & Drysdale who previously headed the IRS's exempt organization division.
As for the money. It is of course being refunded.
Anytime a public figure gets caught they are taught to show remorse and act like it was a huge mistake. Bette Midler claims that the mistake from their end was an accouting error and sent a personal check in place of the foundation check.
Honest mistake? Sure thing Bette and Gabby.
These people do not function like you and me. They have the best accountants that money can buy. For it to happen three times, that we know of, there was a decision made to see if it would fly.
Anyone who has dealt with an aggressive accountant has probably heard something like this in their life… It's OK. We will claim the deduction. The worst case scenario is that the IRS says “no.”
In this case they got caught and it's human nature to play dumb and act like you didn't know. They weren't about to send $15,250 back to these three organizations and hope that they came through with personal checks.
To quote our friends at GunsSaveLife.com:
Yeah, they're sorry alright. Sorry they got caught.
I could not state it any better myself.
NBA fan battling for their life gets surprise from LeBron James 12 Sports Stephen Watson reports. Share Copy Link Copy
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT IS WINNING OUT. THERE They Go. YOU CAN ASK MY GRANDMOTHER. THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I HAVE SMILED IN A WHILE. IT SAYS A LOT ABOUT KEVIN PITTMAN. NOTHING MAKES THIS 22-YEAR-OLD SMILE LIKE WATCHING LEBRON JAMES PLAY BALL. They Seem LIKE A BROTHER TO ME COME IN TO BE HONEST. They Mean A LOT TO ME. KEVIN WATCHES EVERY GAME. IT IS A PASSION THAT KEEPS Their MIND OFF Their MOST PRESSING REALITY. LAST WINTER, KEVIN WAS DIAGNOSED WITH A CANCER AFFECTING Their BLADDER AND PROSTATE FUNCTION. WORST MOMENT IN MY LIFE. ONLY THING They COULD SAY WAS, "ARE YOU TELLING ME I AM DYING?" CHEMOTHERAPY AND RADIATION TREATMENT CONSUME Their LIFE. IN CONSTANT PAIN AND CHRONICALLY TIRED, THERE ARE MOMENTS THAT KEVIN FEELS LIKE Their 20'S HAVE BEEN PUT ON HOLD, AND AS FOR PLAYING BASKETBALL? RIGHT NOW They Are BENCHED. I Feel LIKE SOMETHING ON MY BACK AND I CAN'T DO ANYTHING. I AM GOING TO BE HERE FOR HIM AND TRY TO KEEP HIM AS HAPPY AS POSSIBLE. Their MOM KNEW JUST HOW TO DO THAT. They PURCHASED TICKETS TO THE MILWAUKEE BUCKS-CAVALIERS GAME, KNOWING LEBRON JAMES WAS IN TOWN. I Have SEEN THAT They HAD GIVEN UP IN Their EYES, BUT WHEN I TOLD HIM THAT WE WERE GOING TO GO TO THE GAME, I Have SEEN THAT They LIVENED UP AGAIN. They Are ON THE RIGHT TRACK. KEVIN SET JUST A FEW ROWS BACK FROM NOT ONLY THE KING, BUT Their KING. I'VE SEEN A FEW GAMES, BUT NOT ONE LIKE THIS. ON THIS NIGHT, KEVIN PUSHED BACK Their PAIN AND FOCUSED ON THE GAME. COME ON, LEBRON COULD DO IT FOR ME, MAN. I WAS HOPING They Are GOING TO HEAR ME. MAYBE ONE DAY IT WILL HAPPEN. WEEKS LATER, They FOUND OUT LEBRON JAMES HURT HIM. ADDRESSED TO KEVIN, THE SENDER, LEBRON JAMES. OH, MY GOD. NICE. PRACTICE SHOES. THANK YOU, LEBRON JAMES, FOR THE PETE'S -- BEATS. IT SAYS, HEY, KEVIN I AM HONORED. YOU ARE ONE OF MY BIGGEST FANS. AFTER HEARING YOUR STORY, I AM ONE OF YOURS AS WELL TO IT UNDER YOU HAVE A LOVE FOR BASKETBALL LIKE I DO. I HEARD THAT ME AND MY TEAM ARE ALL THAT YOU TALK ABOUT. I CAN'T IMAGINE WHAT YOU'RE GOING TO, BUT I NOTE YOU ARE A FIGHTER. I WEAR PROMISE BANDS EVERY DAY. I LIKE GIVING THEM TO PEOPLE. I PROMISE TO BE STRONG AND NEVER GIVE UP. WILL YOU MAKE THAT PROMISE? YOUR FRIEND, LEBRON JAMES. MY FRIEND, LEBRON. THIS GIVES YOU THE STRENGTH TO KEEP FIGHTING. IT'S BETTER THAN THE GAME. Their SMILE SAYS A LOT ABOUT KEVIN PITTMAN. AND THANKS TO Their KING AND Their BIGGEST FAN, They Have A REASON TO KEEP ON SMILING. WE WILL CONTINUE TO UPDATE YOU
Senior neurologists have suggested that a spate of mysterious ailments among US diplomats in Cuba – which has caused a diplomat rift between the two countries – could have been caused by a form of “mass hysteria” rather than sonic attacks.
The unexplained incidents have prompted the US to withdraw most of its embassy staff from Havana and expel the majority of Cuban diplomats from Washington.
The neurologists who talked to the Guardian cautioned that no proper diagnosis is possible without far more information and access to the 22 US victims, who have suffered a range of symptoms including hearing loss, tinnitus, headaches and dizziness.
Mystery of sonic weapon attacks at US embassy in Cuba deepens Read more
The state department has described the incidents as “attacks”, saying they began at the end of last year with the last recorded incident in August.
But US and Cuban investigations have produced no evidence of any weapon, and the neurologists argue that the possibility of “functional disorder” due to a problem in the functioning of nervous system – rather than a disease – should be considered.
“From an objective point of view it's more like mass hysteria than anything else,” said Mark Hallett, the head of the human motor control section of the US National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke.
“Mass hysteria” is the popular term for outbreaks among groups of people which are partly or wholly psychosomatic, but Hallett stressed there should be no blame attached to them.
“Psychosomatic disease is a disease like anything else. It shouldn't be stigmatised,” said Hallett, who is also president of the International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. “It's important to point out that symptoms like this are not voluntary. They are not a sign of weakness in an individual's personality.”
Hallett said it was more common for such disorders to affect smaller groups of people, often in families, but they added that it was feasible for larger numbers of individuals to be affected, especially when they were working closely together in a tense and hostile environment.
“There are a very large number of individuals that have relatively vague complaints as far as I can see,” Hallett said. “There has been an exploration of possible causes for this and nothing has been found and the notion of some sonic beam is relatively nonsensical.
“If it is mass hysteria that would clarify all the mystery – and presumably normalise US-Cuban relations again,” said Hallett. “These people are all clustered together in a somewhat anxious environment and that is exactly the situation that precipitates something like this. Anxiety may be one of the critical factors.”
The Associated Press reported on Thursday that it had been provided audio tapes of high-pitched whining noises which some US embassy workers said they heard in Havana, but it is unclear whether the sounds were linked to the health complaints. The report noted that not all the Americans injured in Cuba heard sounds, and of those who did, it is not unclear if they heard the same thing.
Alan Carson, a consultant neuropsychiatrist and former president of the British Neuropsychiatry Association told the Guardian: “Typically what one gets in a functional disorder is some trigger. It is often relatively mild and non-specific, it can be a minor physical injury. But then a combination of a degree of anxiety and also belief and expectation distort that feeling.”
“If there is a strong enough expectation that something is going to happen, that will distort in an entirely real way the incoming information,” Carson said. “In certain circumstances that can be transmitted from person to person... If one person has that experience strongly enough and sets off that train of thought in somebody's else's mind, that can happen too.”
Many acoustics experts have said that it is highly unlikely that the range of symptoms reported could have been caused by any kind of sonic weapons.
Another theory was that the health complaints were caused by a surveillance operation that had gone wrong – but that has also met with scepticism from experts and a dearth of evidence.
The US has not directly blamed the Cuban government but said Havana had failed in its obligation to protect foreign diplomats on its territory. The Cuban government has denied conducting any form of attack and has offered its cooperation in discovering the cause of the symptoms.
“I don't think the Cuban government is behind it,” said Ben Rhodes, Barack Obama's foreign policy adviser, who was involved in negotiating the previous administration's rapprochement with Havana.
“First, these things apparently started in December … At the same time the attacks were starting the Cuban government was frantically concluding agreements with us, signing business deals … in other words trying to preserve the relationship. So the notion that at the same time as doing that, they would initiate something that is so obviously designed to blow up the relationship doesn't make any sense.”
US orders 15 Cuban diplomats to leave Washington embassy over sonic 'attacks' Read more
Asked about the possibility of functional disorders, a state department spokesperson said: “We have no definitive answers on the cause or the source of the attacks on US diplomats in Cuba, and an aggressive investigation continues. We do not want to get ahead of that investigation.”
Donald Trump has struck a markedly more hostile tone towards Cuba than their predecessor, and in June announced a partial rollback of Obama's rapprochement, tightening travel and trade rules with the island.
Jon Stone, a University of Edinburgh neurologist and the co-editor of a book on functional neurologic disorders, said that such disorders were very common, and the second commonest reason to see a neurologist.
“There is a misconception that only people who are weak-willed, people who are neurotic, get these symptoms. It isn't true,” Stone said. “We are talking about genuine symptoms that people have of dizziness, of headaches, of hearing problems, which they are not faking.”
They added that the outbreak could have started with one or two people falling ill with headaches or hearing problems, and those spread in a high-stress atmosphere and then amid talk of a “sonic attack”.
“None of this makes sense until you consider the psychogenic explanation,” said Robert Bartholomew, a medical sociologist and the author of series of books on outbreaks of mass hysteria.
“American intelligence agencies are the most sophisticated in the world, and they reportedly don't have a clue as to what's causing the symptoms. I will bet my house that there are agents in the intelligence community who have also concluded that this is a psychogenic event – but their analysis is either being repressed or ignored by the Trump administration because it doesn't fit their narrative. Mass psychogenic illness is by far the most plausible explanation.”
"We're all trying to become better mages right? Well I need somebody I can practice a few spells on." ―Brelyna Maryon
Brelyna's Practice is a quest available in The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim. Brelyna Maryon is in need of someone to test their spells upon, and asks for the Dragonborn to help. Completing this quest opens up Brelyna as both a follower and potential spouse.
Contents show]
Background Edit
Brelyna Maryon has asked me to act as a test subject while they practice some new spells. Them first ended badly, but they have assured me that if I let them try one more time, it will work out. I should find them once their spell has worn off.
Objectives Edit
Wait for Brelyna's spell to wear off Speak to Brelyna
Walkthrough Edit
Speak to Brelyna Maryon after the quest "Under Saarthal" is completed, then agree to let them test out their spells. If they are asked for something in return, one will receive a leveled enchanted necklace. However, the necklace will still be given even if they are not asked for a reward.
After Brelyna casts their first spell, one's vision will take on a greenish hue. Brelyna apologizes, and tells the Dragonborn that the effects should wear off within a few hours.
Wait for two to four hours, then return to Brelyna. They assure the Dragonborn that they will get the spell right and that this will be their last test. Once the spell has been cast, the camera will switch into third person. The Dragonborn will then be transformed into a number of animals found in Skyrim. Afterwords, they will return the Dragonborn to their original state, stating that they will abandon this line of study.
Once Brelyna is spoken to again, they will tell the Dragonborn that they have a long road ahead of them before she'll be able to use the magic she's been studying, but they now know where to start, thanks to their hard work and assistance. They will then reward the Dragonborn with a leveled enchanted necklace if they have not already received it. Afterwards, they will become available as a follower and spouse for marriage.
Effects Edit
When the spell is active, the following effects will take place until it expires:
The environment will appear bright green. The effect will remain active when activating menus, opening containers, and looting corpses, and entering buildings. Loading Screens, the Map, Skills menu and custom waypoints however, will not be affected.
Items in the environment will appear slightly brighter or darker, depending on their color. Items in the Dragonborn's inventory menu and items in containers and corpses however, will not be affected, and therefore keep their color. Dropped items however, will be affected, and equipped weapons and armor will be affected as well.
Spells, staves, and enchanted weapons will lose some of the color on them, but some of the color will remain, and the effects themselves will not be affected. The slight color loss will apply to torches as well.
If done at night, the effects will be slightly different than if done during the day, with the main difference being darkness instead of sunlight.
Transformations Edit
After the spell expires, these effects will take place during the scene when the Dragonborn gets transformed into the various animals:
The camera will automatically shift into third person if Brelyna is spoken to in first person. If done in third person, nothing will happen. Once the scene is complete, it will always end in third person camera.
The Dragonborn will not be able to move or activate the Favorites or Character Menus, but will be able to pause and rotate the camera.
Journal Edit
Brelyna's Practice – MGRAppBrelyna01 ID Journal Entry 20 Brelyna Maryon has asked me to act as a test subject while they practice some new spells. Them first ended badly, but they have assured me that if I let them try one more time, it will work out. I should find them once their spell has worn off. Objective 20: Wait for Brelyna's spell to wear off 30 Objective 30: Speak to Brelyna 200 After two attempts at helping Brelyna with trying out new spells, they have agreed that perhaps they should work a bit more before trying anything else. Quest complete 255 Quest failed
Gallery Edit
Bugs Edit
This section contains bugs related to Brelyna's Practice. Before adding a bug to this list, consider the following: Please reload an old save to confirm if the bug is still happening. If the bug is still occurring, please post the bug report with the appropriate system template 360 / XB1 , PS3 / PS4 , PC / MAC , NX , depending on which platform(s) the bug has been encountered on. Be descriptive when listing the bug and fixes, but avoid having conversations in the description and/or using first-person anecdotes: such discussions belong on the appropriate forum board.
Click to show If Brelyna's casting path is obstructed by an object other than the Dragonborn, they will be stuck permanently waiting for the effects to wear off. PC(Fix) Enter the console command setstage MGRappBrelyna01 30 to force the quest to the next stage, where the spell has worn off. 360 PS3 In other cases, if the spell is obstructed, there will be a five to ten second wait, then Brelyna will continue trying to change the Dragonborn back, automatically changing them back to ones chosen race. If the Dragonborn is invisible after the last phase of the quest (needed for the simulation of being transformed into an animal), this can be fixed by the console command player.setactoralpha 100 . This can also be fixed by using the Shout Become Ethereal, or using the Philter of the Phantom potion.
If the Dragonborn is currently under the effects of the Atronach Stone, which gives a 50% absorb spells effect, it may cause their spells cast on them not to work, breaking the quest. Solution: Remove the Atronach Stone effect by activating a different Standing Stone prior to attempting the quest.
The Dragonborn may be able to cast channeling spells (e.g. Sparks) for an unlimited duration. This is caused by receiving an active effect "Fortify Magicka: 100+ Magicka for 2 hours." To fix this, sleep or wait. However, if the Dragonborn has selected the Atronach perk from the Alteration skill tree, there is a large chance they will be unaffected by any spell Brelyna casts, and must use the console commands to either advance the quest (see above) or remove the Atronach perk.
Sometimes, when Brelyna casts the first spell, nothing will happen, leaving the Dragonborn to be stuck waiting for it to wear off. Using console commands to advance the quest is the only known way to fix this. Reading an Elder Scroll will cause the spell to wear off, regardless of the amount of time left.
The Dragonborn may not change form during the second practice if their Alteration skill is too advanced. However, Brelyna may sometimes continue the dialogue, even though no transformation is taking place, resulting in the completion of the quest. (Occurred under the following conditions: Alteration 100, with the Perk Magic Resistance at (3/3) and the Atronach perk (spell absorption 30%).)
Brelyna may miss while attempting to turn the Dragonborn back, thus causing them to stay as a particular animal.
The Dragonborn may be turned invisible and not be turned back. There is no confirmed way to fix this.
CLOSE However, other countries and SeaWorld seem to be phasing out their orca programs at parks. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Visitors look at fish in the aquarium inside the Chimelong Ocean Kingdom in Zhuhai, China, on April 29, 2014. The park claims to be the world's largest ocean theme park. (Photo11: Mark Ralston,, AFP/Getty Images)
ZHUHAI, China — Forget the oohs and aahs. The recent debut of killer whales at China's largest aquarium here has sparked concerns worldwide that the country is repeating similar mistakes that plagued some U.S. marine parks.
China is experiencing a boom in marine parks as a increasing number of Chinese flocks to watch the sea creatures perform. That also has resulted in overcrowded tanks, poor water quality and ignorance about marine mammal illnesses at the attractions.
Park operators are ignoring animal welfare and worker safety, according to animal rights activists.
“They are going through a learning curve that is not necessary and completely outdated — and they're taking an enormous risk,” said Naomi Rose, marine mammal scientist with the Animal Welfare Institute in Washington, D.C., who recently visited some of China's largest marine parks. “A trainer will be injured or killed sooner or later. It'd be sad because it's totally avoidable.”
China currently has 44 ocean theme parks operating in 24 provinces, and 18 more slated to open, marking a 20% increase in just two years. The country still lacks a breeding program for the mammals, which makes it the world's most active customer for marine animals caught in the wild.
Rose and other animal rights advocates said China hasn't heeded the lessons learned by U.S. parks that kept killer whales in captivity. After an orca was implicated in three human deaths over the past three decades, SeaWorld San Diego stopped its orca theatrical shows this year. SeaWorld's parks in Florida and Texas are slated to end the performances in 2019.
"As society's understanding of orcas continues to change, SeaWorld is changing with it," SeaWorld CEO Joel Manby said in a statement earlier this year.
Located in this southern city abutting Macau and billed as China's Orlando, Chimelong Ocean Kingdom has its trainers nuzzle up to orcas — which the Chinese call “tiger whales" — as though they were house cats. Some of the orcas sport yellow blotches, likely signs of a skin infection on their chins, said Rose. Even though the orcas are too young to mate, six were packed into one breeding tank.
Chimelong's management didn't address specific questions about safety concerns in handling the orcas but said in a statement: “All along we're very much concerned about the conservation and propagation of these wildlife mammals.”
"The Chinese treat the mammals like commodities that they can throw away,” said Mitchel Kalmanson, whose consulting firm in Florida has overseen deliveries of marine mammals to parks in China. “They figure they can buy more if they can't keep them alive.”
Chimelong's orcas were caught in Russian waters and are not yet performing in shows. But beluga whales at Chimelong wow audiences and earn treats by dashing across a pool at jet-ski speed, acting as surfboards for their trainers. Visitors can pay to pat the bottlenose dolphins without first being disinfected.
“That's how dolphins come down with human disease,” said Yuki Lui of the Hong Kong Dolphin Conservation Society, as they focused their camera on rake marks that they believed were signs of infighting between dolphins confined to a tight space.
Both Lui and Rose's organizations are part of the China Cetacean Alliance, formed in 2014 by animal rights groups across East Asia and Britain to galvanize support for animal rights in China. Cetacean, derived from Greek for “huge fish,” is the scientific name for finned aquatic mammals such as dolphins and whales.
A visitor admires a beluga or white whale at the Beijing aquarium on Sept. 20, 2011. (Photo11: AFP/Getty Images)
Between 2010 and 2015, China has seen the number of marine mammals held in captivity doubled to nearly 500, according to the alliance.
“In China, it isn't that people don't care but that they aren't aware of the real situation,” said Keiko Chen, the alliance's China-based outreach coordinator. “Once people are aware of the real situation behind the scene, they'd feel disgusted and walk away from this form of entertainment.”
China's Ministry of Agriculture in 2013 established clear guidelines for marine parks, including requirements on water quality, pool size, record-keeping on animals and their care. But it's unclear how officials ensure compliance, especially with rapid expansion.
A pod of five Chinese white dolphins, which arrived in Chimelong last fall from a shuttered park in Singapore, were living in a turbid tank carpeted with lime-green algae. The population of the dolphins, dubbed “pandas of the ocean,” has dwindled to less than 2,000 in recent years.
At feeding time, staff docent Candy Tang ended them talk to visitors on a hopeful note: “The more we know about these dolphins, the more we'll cherish them.”
Them message, however, may not have reached all the tourists. After gazing at a tank of whale sharks, one man murmured about getting some shark fin soup.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2mDDa5B
Two icy asteroids could have crashed into each other early in the solar system's history to form the strange-looking 624 Hektor, new research reveals. The 155-mile (250-kilometer) asteroid is the largest known Trojan asteroid, or space rock that follows along with Jupiter in the gas giant's orbital path.
Hektor also has a moon, which was first discovered in 2006 by another team led by the same lead author, the SETI Institute's Franck Marchis. It's taken the astronomers about eight years to get a handle on the complex orbit of the system, a topic that the new research examines in detail. That was partly because the path was so “bizarre”, the team stated, and also because time on the W.M. Keck Observatory telescopes (used to perform the observations) is limited. There are few other observatories that could do the same work, the team added.
The moon, which is about 7.5 miles or 12 kilometers in diameter, orbits its parent asteroid every three days. The moon's path is about 373 miles (600 km) distant and inclined almost at 45 degrees to the asteroid's equator.
“The orbit of the moon is elliptical and tilted relative to the spin of Hektor, which is very different from other asteroids with satellites seen in the main-belt,” stated Matija Cuk, a paper co-author who is a scientist at the Carl Sagan Center of the SETI Institute. “However, we did computer simulations, which include Hektor being a spinning football shape asteroid and orbiting the Sun, and we found that the moon's orbit is stable over billions of years.”
While the artist's conception above shows Hektor as a peanut, the exact shape is still not known for sure. The models and the adaptive optics suggest that it is likely a dual-lobe asteroid. What is better known, however, is that the asteroid is “extremely elongated” and spins in less than seven hours.
The origin of the moon is unclear, but the researchers suggested it could be because of ejecta associated with the collision that formed the asteroid. They said more simulations are needed on that point. What's more, Hektor has another mystery associated with its composition.
“We also show that Hektor could be made of a mixture of rock and ices, similar to the composition of Kuiper belt objects, Triton and Pluto. How Hektor became a Trojan asteroid, located at only 5 times the Earth–Sun distance, is probably related to the large scale reshuffling that occurred when the giant planets were still migrating,” stated Julie Castillo-Rogez, a researcher at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory who participated in the research.
You can read more about the research in Astrophysical Journal Letters. By the way, the moon does not have a name yet, and the researchers said they are looking for any ideas as long as it fulfills a couple of ideas: “the satellite should receive a name closely related to the name of the primary and reflecting the relative sizes between these objects.” Feel free to share your suggestions in the comments.
Source: W.M. Keck Observatory
Contact: mriley@earglasses.com Big Ideas Incorporated, 6425 North 75th Drive, Glendale, AZ 85303 To review our Privacy Policy, click here .
Copyright © 2016 by Big Ideas Incorporated
HEAR MORE FOR LE$$ The Earglasses® Story Invented by a music lover These elegantly simple and inexpensive little acoustic lenses boost the volume of any sounds that you face. They also block noises that may come from your side or your back. And they do all this for less than $5 per ear! They work in a completely natural way. No batteries or cheap electronics get in the way of helping you to hear more. They can even improve how hearing aids sound. This device is so unique, it's been awarded two United States utility patents. More than one hundred thousand sets have been sold in the United States alone in the past 20 years.
“I'm afraid that they may make me look silly” If you're worried about how you will look when you wear them, just use Earglasses® at home to listen to music or watch TV. But you may be pleasantly surprised at how people react when they see you wearing them at the movies, in church, or at a play or a concert, anywhere you want to hear better. Our braver users consistently report that strangers are just as likely to ask where to get their own Earglasses® lenses as to comment on their distinctive appearance.
To hear what Earglasses® acoustic lenses can do to help you to hear more, just cup your hands behind your ears. Earglasses® work the same way. But they do even better, because your arms won't get tired! To hear for yourself how much Earglasses® lenses can amplify sound: click here . If you'd like to post comments on our most popular social media pages, click here:
Just Blog Baby will be covering every minute of the 2014 NFL Free Agency frenzy this March. Check in daily for breaking news, analysis and predictions from the talented JBB team and new staff writers.
Raiders defensive end Lamarr Houston has shockingly been the least talked about Oakland free agent in terms of leaving the Silver and Black on March 11 as NFL Free Agency officially begins. With Jared Veldheer being reported as “all but gone” to the Arizona Cardinals the market hasn't been as hot for Houston even with pass rushers Michael Bennett and Everson Griffen going off of the board.
Still one team contacted Lamarr Houston's agent on Monday as the Vikings apparently kicked the tires on Houston despite apparently having little chance at snagging him.
ESPN 1500's Darren Wolfson reported that the Vikings inquired about Lamarr Houston, also adding “look for them to land elsewhere”
Told the #Vikings have inquired about FA defensive lineman Lamarr Houston, who has position flexibility. But look for them to land elsewhere. — Darren Wolfson (@DarrenWolfson) March 10, 2014
According to Wolfson the Vikings also inquired about fellow Raiders defensive linemen Vance Walker, a cheaper target who may actually be right in the price range for Minnesota.
Add another free agent defensive tackle the #Vikings have inquired about — there are many — Vance Walker (Raiders). — Darren Wolfson (@DarrenWolfson) March 10, 2014
It is relieving for the Raiders that as of Monday afternoon that there are no solid deals for Houston to leave Oakland unlike with Veldheer, who has reportedly already “agreed” to come to Arizona. Nothing is in stone until Free Agency opens, but it seems more likely that the Raiders can somehow retain Houston who appeared to be the unhappiest of the two over Veldheer who is a Raider Nation assumed they would likely be able to retain. Houston will likely be one of the better pass rushing options available, but for now they haven't found their suitor and Raider fans will surely take solace in the fact they can hope they are retained.
Many gun enthusiasts complain how amateurs believe that they know about firearms due to playing videogames like Modern Warfare 2, which feature real guns.
The owner of the gun site, The Firearm Blog, was surprised to realize that the most popular search term that led to their site was an obscure gun unknown outside the firearm industry, the Bushmaster ACR. That was until they realized that the gun was featured in Modern Warfare 2.
"I was surprised because, compared to the AKs, M4s and Glocks of the world, the ACR is relatively unknown outside of the industry," the blog's owner, Steve, wrote on December 8th, 2009. "Have any other bloggers noticed the Call of Duty effect?"
There follows a stream of anecdotes from gun enthusiasts about how videogames have turned gamers into "gun experts."
"I was riding around with a friend of mine when I asked them to stop in at this new gun shop," said one commenter, Robert. "He knows next to nothing about guns so I was surprised when they asked, 'Can you buy an ACR in there?' After explaining they don't sell it to regular people I asked them where the hell they had heard of it ... should've known before asking. He's an avid gamer."
Another funny story is told by Jim:
I wouldn't call it the Call of Duty effect as much as the Halo effect. They came in to a Pawn Shop I was shopping around at and asked for an "Ess Em Gee" (Submachine gun). The owner said that they didn't carry them. They then asked if they had any sniper rifles. The owner showed them a .270 (I believe). As the punk (hat cocked off to the side and their pants at a level where a belt would not allow them to fall) looked down the scope, they asked how to "zoom it" (a common feature of scoped rifles in video games). The owner showed them how to magnify and clarify the image. The punk said that they were just used to the rifle doing that for him. Finally the owner asked what the kid was looking for to which they replied "I just want to headshot some noobs! Like in Halo!" The conversation quickly degraded from that moment and ended very shortly.
Source: Firearm Blog
“Architecture is inhabited sculpture.” When I read those four words, said by the modernist Romanian sculptor Constantin Brâncusi in a Paris café sometime before their death in 1957, they solidified the way I react to Ottawa's ever-growing stock of buildings. An inhabited sculpture is what I wish for in a building. Something the eye can enjoy grasping, rather than skating away from. Wishes like that don't often come true in this town.
When I put out my annual call for the highlights and lowlights of Ottawa's 2015 crop of new buildings, I immediately received this message from a reader: “I'm sure many, like me, can't think of a building completed in Ottawa of any size that merits the term ‘best'. On the other hand, most of what I have seen completed, at least from the outside, in 2015, merits the term ‘uninspired,' not ‘worst.' ” Turning to my own sidewalk observations, I'd say there is some truth in that grumpy, honest assessment.
Mind you, I also received an email from Rodney that asked of me, “While contemplating best and worst of 2015, you may want to look at The Eddy in Hintonburg (hopefully in the ‘best of' category). It actually conforms to the Community Design Plan (a rarity), has rooftop vegetable growing, and geothermal heating and cooling. It tries to counter the blandness of Ottawa's architecture with a little colour and some interesting geometry. It is also a LEED Platinum building.” A little research revealed that the recommendation came from a partner of the development firm that built the Eddy condo sculpture. A little bias there, perhaps. Certainly the condo has taken a design risk; I find it hard on the eyes, myself.
When I retooled the parameters of my architectural quest to simply your most and least favourite members of the Ottawa skyline from any year, the mailbox began to fill. First in was this: “I nominate the apartment complex in Kanata, on the north side of the Queensway on Maritime Way, examples of ugly construction (I don't want to use the word architecture) with no sign of fantasy or originality.” In other words, a block of blocks does not a sculpture make.
Stan, a habitual commentator and column topic suggester wrote to say, “My worst building: the Royal Bank of Canada building at the corner of Sparks and Metcalfe. Why? In my view, buildings should have a bottom, a middle, and a top. Instead, the RBC building is an anodyne white block with some bits cut out of it. No imagination, and therefore perhaps suitable for contemporary banks. The building turns a cold shoulder to the Sparks Street mall which, God knows, needs a few more welcoming store fronts. My favourite building: the electrical substation at the corner of Carling and Merivale. Why? It was built in an era when even modest, functional buildings were individually designed. This one has a bottom, a middle and a top. It has some decoration, offsetting its red brick façade. It is not big, but it is sturdy, with pleasing dimensions.” The gallery of Hydro substations dotted around town are in the sculpture class, I'd say. Hope they are here to stay.
Moiya informed me that the Chambers building on Confederation Square is their favourite, and they told me why. “Judy Crawley, Major Bond and I had hands in saving it in the 1960s. Buyers (from Switzerland I think, ) wanted to tear it down and rebuild it. They also wanted to move their building forward, closer to the road. Thank goodness the government decided to buy the building. Inside, it was mostly a sorry sight. My husband and I started to clean up some of the old lady. The rest is another story.” They went on, after voicing their fears for the coming new entrance for the National Arts Centre, to say, “There are many condos that make me shudder, it is hard to pick; I could say the Metropole near Westboro is one I do not like. It is not really because it is ugly, but mainly because it sticks out like a sore thumb.” Parts of the city are all sore thumbs, such as the southeast corner of the Byward Market on Cumberland and Rideau. Yikes.
There were many nominations either way for condos. (I'm retiring the condos on LeBreton Flats from competition this year. No more hate mail about them, please.) The tower that got the most thumbs up was The Merit, the art-deco luxury condos at the back of City Hall. Hear, hear. I get a lift from the sheer fact of it when it catches my eye; a yacht in a sea of cargo vessels.
There were one or two calls for outright demolition of some monstrosities, including several of the more Soviet shoeboxes on Tunney's Pasture. Likewise for the Palladium (selling naming rights only works if we agree to use them) which is, I was reminded, built on an ex-navigable waterway; it may undergo a shapeshift when the LeBreton Flats stadium opens, but I fear it is here to stay.
In the final tally, your favourite is the Château Laurier, a sculpture indeed set in a park and alongside a waterway, and the least favourite is the still under construction moonraker, the Icon condo, corner of Preston and Carling. One reader suggested tilting it slightly and putting a pizza parlour at the bottom. Get it?
Phil Jenkins is an Ottawa writer. Reach them at phil@philjenkins.ca
The Turkish Consulate in northern Iraqi city Mosul has been attacked by militants of the terrorist group from the self pro-claimed Islamic State of Iraq and Levant on Wednesday.
The attack came a day after militants from the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant group, known as ISIL, took control of Iraq's second-largest city in northern province Nineveh on Tuesday.
Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan chaired an emergency meeting with senior government figures about the alleged attack.
Turkish President Abdullah Gül summoned Deputy Foreign Minister Naci Koru to the presidential palace to be briefed on the developments in Mosul.
Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoğlu left talks in the United States to return to deal with the alleged attack.
Sources from the Prime Ministry said the events in Mosul are being followed closely and the Turkish Foreign Ministry will make a statement soon.
More than 300,000 residents have fled Mosul, which has seen clashes between security forces and militants since Friday.
Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki said Tuesday that Iraq had been placed on "maximum alert" and called on Iraq's parliament to declare a national state of emergency.
In the U.S. military, George Washington is regarded as a military genius. As general, they exhibited what famed war theorist Clausewitz referred to as the “coup d'oleil” (French for the “inner eye”): the ability to see and comprehensively assess the whole problem, now and in the future. By understanding the strengths and weaknesses of both our own forces and that of our enemy, Washington used their inner eye to guide our ragtag army to victory over the British forces in the American Revolution.
But their inner eye was not just something they applied on the battlefield. They applied it during their tenure as president, guiding our infant nation through its formative years. And 220 years ago, in 1796, Washington applied their inner eye to America's future in their farewell address. Far more than a simple resignation statement, this was Washington's summary of their hopes and fears for the future of the country they had fought so long and hard to create and nurture.
ADVERTISEMENT
Incredibly, in that address, they saw this year's election coming.
Washington worried about the development of political parties (“factions”) in America. They worried that, over time, political parties would be destructive to our democracy because they would replace the will of the people with the will of the victorious political party. They feared that as different parties took control of the government, America would lurch from one policy to another instead of having a continuous and consistent approach to governance.
But beyond the dangers of partisan policymaking, Washington warned that “cunning, ambitious, and unprincipled men” would eventually rise to take advantage of this struggle for power between political parties.
Washington went on to explain that at its worst, the emergence and strengthening of political parties, with their inherent spirit of revenge, “agitates the community with ill-founded jealousies and false alarms, kindles the animosity of one part against another, foments occasionally riot and insurrection” and “opens the door to foreign influence and corruption.”
This election year, Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE has been using Washington's warnings like their own personal playbook. Trump has agitated the country with false alarms about public safety, the economy, and national security. They have kindled animosity against entire segments of the American populace from women to Hispanics to Muslims (including a Gold Star Family) to African Americans. They have fomented violence at their rallies and suggested violence against their opponent. They have openly invited Russia to influence the outcome of our 2016 election and they have still not disclosed the extent of their financial entanglements with foreign nations and companies.
Turning their inner eye to the future, Washington concluded that it is “the interest and duty of a wise people to discourage and restrain” an extreme situation of this kind from arising. Applied to this election year, Washington is warning us that it is up to good people everywhere, regardless of party or politics, to prevent Donald Trump from becoming President.
George Washington warned us this day would come. The only question is whether we will listen.
U.S. Navy Captain John Plumb has been a Navy Officer for 22 years, studied George Washington extensively for their Joint Professional Military Education, and holds a Ph.D. in aerospace engineering.  They are the Democratic candidate for Congress in New York's 23rd District.
The views expressed by authors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
Investing to Mitigate and Adapt to Climate Change : A Framework Model
Author/Editor:
Anthony Bonen ; Prakash Loungani ; Willi Semmler ; Sebastian Koch
Publication Date:
August 5, 2016
Electronic Access:
Free Full Text. Use the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view this PDF file
Disclaimer: This Working Paper should not be reported as representing the views of the IMF.The views expressed in this Working Paper are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent those of the IMF or IMF policy. Working Papers describe research in progress by the author(s) and are published to elicit comments and to further debate
Summary:
We propose a macroeconomic model to assess optimal public policy decisions in the the face of competing funding demands for climate change action versus traditional welfare-enhancing capital investment. How to properly delineate the costs and benefits of traditional versus adaption-focused development remains an open question. The paper places particular emphasis on the changing level of risk and vulnerabilities faced by developing countries as they allocate investment toward growth strategies, adapting to climate change and emissions mitigation.
The Earwolf Media podcasting network—home to shows like Comedy Bang! Bang!, Sklarbro Country, How Did This Get Made?, Who Charted?, and a bunch of other Podmass favorites—is auctioning off the autographed table that's been in its studio for the past few years. Guests of Earwolf's many podcasts have a tradition of signing and/or doodling on the table, so it's acquired the signatures of many famous people and objects of comedy-nerd devotion.
Earwolf's moving to a new, bigger studio, which will require a new, bigger table, so it has put the table on eBay, where its starting price of $50 has risen to $285 since it posted yesterday. Fans will need to live in the Los Angeles area, because Earwolf isn't shipping the 5-foot-long table, and they need to pick it up by Friday, March 28. But hey, the legs come off for easier moving.
Advertisement
Just think: This table witnessed the magic that was “Farts & Procreation.” It belongs in the Podcast Smithsonian!
UPDATE: No, it doesn't—it wasn't around for that episode. Savannah from Earwolf just let us know that it's the table from Earwolf's second studio, not the main one that has witnessed so much podcasting history. So you won't be able to snarkily point out that Ed Helms wrote “your” when they meant “you're” to friends if you win this table.
After its debut on The Tracey Ullman Show on 19 April 1987, Matt Groening's The Simpsons has gone on on to become the longest-running American sitcom of all time. With its insights into family life, surreal humour, superb characters, touching drama and vibrant animation, it was unlike anything else on mainstream television. A sharply written celebration of popular culture, with guest stars, parodies and cineliterate references, the show itself became culturally significant and a shining example of a programme that could be loved by everyone.
As it now reaches the grand old age of 30, we look back at how one of the most iconic of all television programmes showed its cinematic side and taught a generation about film.
The film: Citizen Kane (1941)
The episode: Rosebud (season 5, episode 4)
A rare moment of sympathy for Charles Montgomery Burns as they pine for their childhood bear ‘Bobo'. The opening is almost shot-for-classic-shot with the Orson Welles original, with the addition of a ‘Free Kittens Inquire Within' sign on the electrified ‘Burns Manor' fence as we zoom in on them dropping a ‘​Nev-R-Break' snow globe in their troubled sleep.
The film: Bram Stoker's Dracula (1992)
The episode: Treehouse of Horror IV (season 5, episode 5)
Echoing Francis Ford Coppola's overblown 1992 adaptation, in which the shadow of Gary Oldman's Dracula acts menacingly of its own accord, here it's Mr Burns as the famous count, their sinister shadow whipping out a yo-yo in one of the funniest Treehouse of Horror episodes.
The film: Rear Window (1954)
The episode: Bart of Darkness (season 6, episode 1)
The Hitchcockian thriller comes to Springfield when Bart breaks their leg during the summer vacation and is forced to watch the fun from their window, until they spy mysterious happenings at their neighbours' – the Flanders' – through their telescope. With touches of Bernard Herrmann's score and a cameo from Jimmy Stewart's L.B. ‘Jeff' Jefferies character, there are nods all over the place.
The film: The Shining (1980)
The episode: Treehouse of Horror V (season 6, episode 6)
The first but not the last Kubrick reference in our list comes in The Shinning (“You mean Shining.” “Shush, you wanna get sued?”). The Simpson family head off to work as caretakers at Mr Burns' spooky winter lodge, but “No TV and no beer make Homer go crazy”, and they go on a murderous rampage.
The film: Raiders of the Lost Ark (1981)
The episode: Bart's Friend Falls in Love (season 3, episode 23)
This episode opener has Bart stealing Homer's change jar and adventuring through the house to escape. Homer rolls down the stairs, boulder-like, chasing him. They slide out of the garage, but not before swiping their hat at the final second before the door closes. Homer shouts incomprehensibly after him, in reference to the angry natives in Spielberg's original.
The film: Thelma & Louise (1991)
The episode: Marge on the Lam (season 5, episode 6)
Marge becomes friends with their neighbour Ruth. After a few wild nights out in Springfield in Ruth's blue (stolen!) convertible, they find themselves in a dramatic car chase, pursued by Chief Wiggum and Homer. In contrast to Ridley Scott's classic road movie, however, it's Homer and Wiggum who fly into the chasm as they fail to brake.
The film: 2001: A Space Odyssey (1968)
The episode: Lisa's Pony (season 3, episode 8)
Homer dreams they are an ape in the legendary ‘The Dawn of Man' scene from Kubrick's sci-fi masterpiece. As we hear Richard Strauss's monumental Also Sprach Zarathustra, the other apes tentatively stroke an alien monolith, while ape Homer leans against it and scratches their back before waking up, reclined in their chair at work.
The film: An Officer and a Gentleman (1982)
The episode: Life on the Fast Lane (season 1, episode 9)
A lovely Marge and Homer moment in this final scene of an episode focused on their marriage. Marge visits Homer at the power plant, with the Joe Cocker theme ‘Up Where We Belong' playing throughout. As Homer carries Marge out of the building they put their hard hat on their extremely tall blue hair and they walk into the sunset.
The film: The Great Escape (1963)
The episodce: A Streetcar Named Marge (season 4, episode 2)
Maggie is a silent comedy master. Here, she's put in ‘the box' after trying to free the locked away dummies at the Ayn Rand School for Tots. They bounce their ball against the sides like Steve McQueen's Cooler King. Later, with an elaborate escape to that oft-repeated theme, their plan is successful and the dummies are released.
The film: Psycho (1960)
The episode: Itchy & Scratchy & Marge (season 2, episode 9)
At the start of this brilliant episode about conservative values and censorship, baby Maggie attacks Homer with a mallet in a perfect shot-for-shot pastiche of Hitchcock's famous shower scene. Marge then goes on to blame children's cartoon show Itchy & Scratchy for their child's violent act.
The film: Westworld (1973)
The episode: Itchy & Scratchy Land (season 6, episode 4)
Bart and Lisa convince Homer and Marge to take them to the Itchy & Scratchy Land theme park, but the park robots go rogue and try to kill all the visitors. A great episode to re-watch in light of the fantastic recent HBO reboot of Michael Crichton's original 1970s sci-fi western.
The films: Vertigo (1958) and Gone with the Wind (1939)
The episode: Principal Charming (season 2, episode 14)
In another tip of the hat to a Hitchcock thriller, Skinner's planned proposal to Marge's sister Selma involves a lovingly animated recreation of the iconic zoom from the top of the bell tower in Vertigo. Later they vow to get their school back from Bart's control (he's neglected it during their affair), and, as the camera pulls out, he's silhouetted against the scarlet (O'Hara) sunset.
The film: Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb (1964)
The episode: Homer the Vigilante (season 5, episode 11)
While Homer is out buying weapons for their new vigilante group, Herman Hermann (owner of Herman's Military Antiques) shows them a small nuclear bomb built by the government in the 1950s to “drop on beatniks”. Homer daydreams of themselves as the Major Kong character from Kubrick's Cold War satire as they ride the bomb, rodeo style, towards doom.
The film: The Graduate (1967)
The episode: Lisa's Substitute (season 2, episode 19)
Lisa has developed a crush on their kind and thoughtful substitute teacher Mr Bergstrom (voiced by Dustin Hoffman under a pseudonym). In this scene they spy Mrs Krabappel trying to seduce them in a classroom, with the inclusion of the under-the-knee shot made famous in Mike Nichols' original 1960s classic.
The film: A Clockwork Orange (1971)
The episode: Dog of Death (season 3, episode 19)
Mr Burns adopts the Simpsons' family dog, Santa's Little Helper, who they transform into a vicious attack dog by forcing them to watch footage of dogs being abused with the torturous, Ludovico Technique from Kubrick's cult adaptation of Anthony Burgess's dystopian novel. We even hear in the background “a bit from the glorious ninth, by Ludwig van”.
The film: Mr. Smith Goes to Washington (1939)
The episode: Mr. Lisa Goes to Washington (season 3, episode 2)
An episode questioning American values and political morality that's worthy of Frank Capra themselves – and still as relevant as ever, 26 years since its first broadcast. Lisa is the disillusioned James Stewart character as they discover corruption in Washington on a trip to DC in one of the show's most sharply satirical outings.
The film: One Flew over the Cuckoo's Nest (1975)
The episode: Stark Raving Dad (season 3, episode 1)
Due to their laziness, Homer neglects to fill out a psychiatric quiz, and – after letting Bart do it – he's sent to the New Bedlam Rest Home for the Emotionally Interesting psychiatric institution. Here they encounter many of the characters from Milos Forman's Oscar-winning drama, including the reticent Chief and Nurse Ratched.
The film: Goldfinger (1964)
The episode: You Only Move Twice (season 8, episode 2)
Homer is blissfully unaware that their charismatic new boss, Hank Scorpio, is actually an evil supervillain. He's also oblivious when Scorpio is holding a ‘Mr Bont' captive on the same laser torture device used by Goldfinger. Homer puts a stop to their escape by tackling them to the floor, and Bont is shot to death by Scorpio's henchmen.
The film: North by Northwest (1959)
The episode: Kidney Trouble (season 10, episode 8)
A quick wink towards Hitchcock's mistaken identity adventure. Homer gets cold feet after agreeing to give a kidney to their father, Grampa. On fleeing the hospital he's nearly run over, in a sequence perfectly echoing the end of the crop-duster scene, in which Cary Grant's Roger Thornhill is almost hit by truck.
The film: Planet of the Apes (1968)
The episode: A Fish Called Selma (season 7, episode 19)
The greatest animated stage musical film parody ever. ‘Stop the Planet of the Apes, I Want to Get Off!' stars Troy McClure and climaxes with a song that includes the lyrics: “I hate every ape I see, from chimpan-a to chimpan-z, no you'll never make a monkey out of me.”
Language is a fluid, ever-evolving thing. There are a few words we could do without, but many catchphrases have stuck with us through the decades — some more stubborn than others. Those that have their roots in literature, or those at least popularized by books, seem to have the most staying power. The printed catchphrase feels more practical, timeless, and stalwart than those words echoing in movie houses — and literary dialogue is often the backbone of cinema scripts in our adaptation-heavy culture. We took a glance back at several catchphrases from the world of literature that have made their way into our vernacular and others that are memorable for their context and poetry. We hope you'll continue adding to the list, below.
“Bah! Humbug!”
Our inspiration for this list of literary catchphrases comes from the miserly Scrooge in Charles Dickens' classic story, A Christmas Carol. ‘Tis the season to adopt the cold-hearted character's line while Mariah Carey's “All I Want for Christmas Is You” bores its way deeper into our skulls and news reports of people fighting over electronics and toys make us weary.
“Old sport.”
Recently, Baz Luhrmann went heavy on the “Old sport” in their adaptation of F. Scott Fitzgerald's The Great Gatsby. Mysterious millionaire Jay Gatsby adopted the phrase to impress their wealth and status upon others. It has since become an ironical term of endearment in our culture, usually uttered by people who enjoy annoying others with terrible, fake accents.
“Big Brother is watching you.”
George Orwell's dystopian novel, Nineteen Eighty-Four, contained this prescient phrase that is frighteningly relevant in our era of secret government surveillance.
“The old ultra-violence.”
Stanley Kubrick's 1971 adaptation of Anthony Burgess' 1962 novella, A Clockwork Orange, popularized the author's fictional dialect (Nadsat). Burgess hoped to slang terms like “ultra-violence” would “muffle the raw response we expect from pornography.”
“So it goes.”
Kurt Vonnegut's 1969 novel, Slaughterhouse-Five, contains the phrase, “So it goes,” over 100 times. That's a whole lot of fatalism.
“Constant vigilance!”
Every modern epic needs an inspiring catchphrase that harkens back to literature's classic mythological heroes on a dangerous quest.
“All that glitters is not gold.”
When surveying the number of literary catchphrases that came from Shakespeare, we could have written a book (and many people have). Since we're feeling festive, we went with the line that glitters — or does it? The prolific Bard introduced thousands of words and phrases into the English language, and each one demonstrates the wit and wisdom we associate with the wordsmith.
“Can't live with them, or without them.”
Aristophanes was referring to women in this bit of dialogue from the play Lysistrata, but we all know the age-old adage is a bunch of bull.
“Catch-22.”
A paradox, wrapped in satire, wrapped in further contradiction, wrapped in a darkly comedic punchline.
“Begin at the beginning.”
Nonsense wordplay that resurfaced in Aldous Huxley's prophetic satire about the world we live in, Brave New World.
“The horror! The horror!”
An expression of anguish over widespread hypocrisy, malevolence, moral ambiguity, and the near-absurdity of the situation that currently resembles something one would read in a Joss Whedon script.
“Ships that pass in the night.”
An achingly romantic and tearful sentiment since adopted by every modern troubadour.
Image copyright PA Image caption The services sector, which includes retailing, saw strong growth
Strong consumer spending helped the UK's economy to grow faster than expected at the end of last year.
The economy grew by 0.6% in the October-to-December period, the same rate as in the previous two quarters, according to an initial estimate from the Office for National Statistics.
The figure indicates that the feared economic slowdown following the Brexit vote has not materialised.
For 2016 as whole, the economy grew by 2%, down from 2.2% in 2015.
"Strong consumer spending supported the expansion of the dominant services sector," said ONS statistician Darren Morgan.
"Although manufacturing bounced back from a weaker third quarter - both it and construction remained broadly unchanged over the year as a whole."
The quarterly growth figure was slightly better than the 0.5% rate most economists had expected.
The dominant services sector - which accounts for about three-quarters of the UK economy - grew by by 0.8% in the quarter, helped by growth in the distribution, hotels and restaurant industry.
Retail sales and travel agencies also supported growth in this sector, the ONS said.
The figures also showed that the construction industry grew by 0.1% and agriculture by 0.4%, while industrial production was unchanged.
Kamal Ahmed, BBC economics editor
After another set of economic figures stronger than expected, is this economic pain cancelled, or simply postponed?
On that central issue rests the fate of the government's economic policy.
If it is pain cancelled that means better real incomes for voters.
It means higher tax receipts for the government, lower levels of borrowing and more leeway to spend money on public services.
And, of course, confidence tends to beget confidence.
Read Kamal's blog in full
'Challenges' ahead
This is the first estimate of the size of the economy in the fourth quarter of the year. At least two more will follow.
The ONS points out that the data on which the first estimate is based is less than half the total amount it has access to by the time of the third estimate.
Lee Hopley, chief economist of the manufacturers' lobby group, EEF, said: "While services continued to drive the economy forward at the end of last year, manufacturing output also made a small positive contribution, as growth ended the year on a solid note."
However, they added that "challenges abound for forecasters in 2017".
Image copyright Getty Images
"Consumers won't be ramping up spending thanks to rising inflation and sluggish wage growth, and businesses' appetite to sign off big investments will depend on how they view the progress of Brexit negotiations.
"There's every chance that this rate of expansion is the high point for the next couple of years."
That view was echoed by Rain Newton-Smith, chief economist at the CBI business lobby group.
"2017 will see headwinds to growth building, as higher inflation eats into households' buying power and investment wanes," they said.
Jaguars President Mark Lamping said Thursday the organization has filed an expression of interest with the National Football League to host an NFL Draft between 2019 and 2023.
"We check all of the boxes, without question," Lamping said before the Jaguars' preseason game against Tampa Bay. "It was the maximum number of years that we could express interest and we did in the strongest way.
"We would love to have it here. With the recent additions of Daily's Place [amphitheater] and the flex-field, the football infrastructure could really support something like this really well."
The Jaguars would utilize both the EverBank Field playing surface, Daily's Place (which opened in late May) and the indoor practice facility (which was completed last week) to host the three-day event.
Earlier this week, the Kansas City Chiefs and Cleveland Browns announced their intentions. In May, the Dallas Cowboys said they wanted to host the draft.
Lamping expects "most NFL teams" to file an expression of interest in hosting the draft.
The NFL Draft was held in New York from 1964 to 2014, but moved to Chicago for 2015-16 and was in Philadelphia last year.
In Chicago and Philadelphia, the three-day draft turned into a fan festival — 200,000 and 225,000 over three days in Chicago and 250,000 fans in Philadelphia last year. The Jaguars could utilize the stadium playing field and the indoor practice facility for fan events.
Lamping said the Jaguars and other teams have not yet submitted actual bids but that is the next step.
"We gave them a narrative in terms of why we felt Jacksonville would be a great place to host it," Lamping said. "The next step in the process is submitting the actual requirement of hotel rooms, where you will hold the draft and what other support facilities will be available to the league."
The Jaguars' application includes 5,575 hotel rooms.
When NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell last visited Jacksonville, Lamping said, the Jaguars enlisted the architectural firm that assists the league in event logistics to do a rendering of what the amphitheater would look like for the draft.
Lamping said Daily's Place would be home to the main stage where Goodell would meet the draft picks.
"With its seating and two balconies, it's almost identical to the seating bowl at Radio City Music Hall, the only difference is Radio City has a third balcony," Lamping said.
Lamping said Daily's Place would hold 6,000 fans for the draft, another 15,000 could watch from the EverBank Field playing surface and the indoor practice facility can hold 10,000 fans.
"This would be a great place for the draft because of the tradition of football in this marketplace, the strength of the college programs, the strength of the players who have come from this market and feed major college programs all over the country, many of whom make the NFL," Lamping said.
For more than 10 years, it was something Mindy McGillivray said they shared only with a close circle of family and friends.
That changed Sunday night. Donald Trump was asked during the presidential debate about when they bragged that they kissed women without their consent and grabbed their genitals – remarks captured on audio that surfaced last week.
Photographer Ken Davidoff and their friend, Mindy McGillivray, at Mar-a-Lago on Jan. 24, 2003.
News | WFXT
Trump apologized for the remarks and dismissed them as “locker room talk.” But the debate moderator, CNN's Anderson Cooper, asked Trump to clarify: “Have you ever done those things?”
“No, I have not,'' Trump replied.
Watching at home in Palm Springs, McGillivray said they rose from their couch and yelled at the TV screen: “‘You liar!'''
Read more of The Palm Beach Post's coverage of Donald Trump
McGillivray, 36, said they were groped by Trump at Mar-a-Lago 13 years ago. They said they never reported it to authorities.
Many McGillivray says they are leaving country
But their companion that day, photographer Ken Davidoff, vividly remembers when McGillivray pulled them aside moments after the alleged incident and told him, ‘'Donald just grabbed my ass!''
The New York Times reported Wednesday that two other women came forward to say Trump groped them — one who sat next to them on a flight 30 years ago and another who encountered them outside an elevator at Trump Tower.
The Post has reached out to the Trump campaign for comment about McGillivray's story.
More Trump news: Trump sex-brag tape released on eve of second debate | Heartland verdict: Trump's still in it
According to Davidoff, it was Jan. 24, 2003, when they and their father, the late Palm Beach society photographer Bob Davidoff, took photos at Mar-a-Lago during a concert by Ray Charles. Bob Davidoff for years was the Kennedys' favored photographer in Palm Beach.
Ken Davidoff said they brought their friend McGillivray to help them during the concert. Them job was to keep numbered name plates of everyone the Davidoffs photographed.
The Davidoffs were the official photographers of Mar-a-Lago, a deal they got only after Trump demanded they get 20 percent of their proceeds, Ken Davidoff said.
McGillivray, who was 23 at the time, said it was one of five or six times they helped Davidoff on photo shoots at Mar-a-Lago.
“Ken says, ‘We're going to get backstage. Ray Charles is going to be there.' They were one of my idols,'' they recalled. “Ken wanted to get a picture of me and Ray, but that didn't happen because they had all these bodyguards.''
After the show, Davidoff and McGillivray were standing in a pavilion behind the main house in the middle of a group of people. To their left was Regis Philbin and their wife, Joy, according to Davidoff. To McGillivray's immediate right was Trump and their fiancée, Melania.
“Ray already performed. He's ready to leave. He's saying their goodbyes to everyone,'' McGillivray recalled.
“All of a sudden I felt a grab, a little nudge. I think it's Ken's camera bag, that was my first instinct. I turn around and there's Donald. They sort of looked away quickly. I quickly turned back, facing Ray Charles, and I'm stunned.''
McGillivray said they remember saying to herself, ‘'‘OK, am I going to say something now and make a scene or be quiet?' I chose to stay quiet.''
Davidoff said they did not witness the alleged groping but they said they have never had any reason to doubt McGillivray.
Asked about the possibility that what they felt was Trump or someone accidentally bumping into her, McGillivray said no. “This was a pretty good nudge. More of a grab,'' they said. “It was pretty close to the center of my butt. I was startled. I jumped.''
They said they had had another encounter with Trump about two years earlier at Mar-a-Lago, when they helped Davidoff photograph a New Year's Eve party in 2001.
They were walking out of a restroom “and Donald caught me right before I headed downstairs. They go, ‘It's a cool evening, isn't it?''' they said, mocking their voice. “He had this debonair tone. They were totally flirting,'' they said.
“And then here comes Melania to save the day. They see me. They had this shawl on because it was cold on New Year's. And they whip the shawl behind their neck and storms off into the bathroom. I made a quick pivot and went straight downstairs and they went after her.''
Related: Full presidential election coverage
After the alleged groping incident, McGillivray never encountered Trump again. They said the incident is something they and their family and the Davidoffs would bring up periodically over the years, sometimes joking about it.
When Trump entered the presidential race, they said they started telling the story to more friends. One day last week, Davidoff came across a photo their father took that night in 2003 of Trump and Charles.
“He sent it to me and was like, ‘Remember that night?' ‘Oh, yeah. I remember that night,''' McGillivray said.
When Trump told Cooper during the debate Sunday that they never groped a woman, McGillivray said they started to consider sharing their story. With Davidoff's help, they reached out separately to The Palm Beach Post and to a Hillary Clinton campaign office on Lake Worth Road.
They know their past may be scrutinized. They told The Post they have numerous traffic infractions over the years and two felony arrests. They were arrested when they were 17 for breaking into a school and got probation. And in 2012, they were arrested on DUI and child neglect charges because a child was in the car. They were adjudicated guilty of a misdemeanor.
 They are registered to vote as having no party affiliation. They said they would have loved to see Bernie Sanders win the Democratic nomination but they will vote for Clinton.
It's important “to set a good example for my daughter,'' they told The Post. “It's a respect issue for all women. If something like this happens to you, you should speak up.''
Staff researcher Melanie Mena contributed to this story.
PARK CITY, UTAH– The trend in the anime industry has been to make animated series of already-established intellectual properties in order to reach a more dedicated fanbase, but the recent trend in anime has made an even more extreme shift to focusing on making sequels of already-established animated series. The spring 2017 season alone is jam-packed with sequels, such as the ongoing manga adaptations of Attack on Titan 2, My Hero Academia 2, and Naruto 2: Electric Boruto. There's also a second season adaptation of Saekano: How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend and the next installment of the Re: franchise – the life of an eccentric Japanese salaryman flashing before their eyes before they kill themselves as shown so far in Re:Zero, Re:Life, Re:write, and now Re:Creators.
Many Anime fans are being pushed out of watching seasonal anime because they haven't watched the original series to all of these sequels. Crunchyroll's data analytics show that the number of views new anime gets in the first 24 hours an episode is posted is down significantly, and torrent sites are being flooded with angry comments asking why old series aren't being seeded. Anime Maru was able to catch up with Jeremy Muniz, who said:
It's really disheartening that the trend in Anime is headed this way. Now, instead of only watching one or two new shows every night and being able to pretend that I have a life afterwards, now I can watch all of the episodes from a series in a few sittings without worrying about falling behind. Now I don't have an excuse for telling my “friends” who want to hang out at night that I've got stuff to do.
Others told us during interviews that they were worried others in the anime community wouldn't think they were real fans for not seeing the original series, only to find out that it doesn't matter what you did wrong: everyone in the anime community hates each other regardless.
It is difficult to say whether this trend will taper off as more signs of studios being more creative with their works gain popularity or if there will be more sequels every season until the industry implodes on itself. The only thing that can be said for certain is that Haruhi will never be coming back (until next year when KyoAni runs out of cute girl designs and brings it back).
Before I go any further I want to make my schedule for the rest of the year clear. This is the last big article until after the holidays.
Well this was an interesting year for vanguard, we saw the introduction of our first major defensive mechanic we also saw the “death” (and resurrection) of rush decks.So with the year coming to a close I thought I would share my picks for the 5 most impactful cards of this year.
My criteria are mostly based on how much they affected the meta so you can probably guess some of them already. My only condition was that it had to be released in 2016 (English realease date) so don't expect Odysseus, I'm also keeping the number of gears cards down just so the list isn't entirely made up of them.
Honourable Mentions – Tahro and Nightrunner
I think this is my only contentious choice here, it was almost my number 5 (both of them) they just got budged out because chances are they're going to be restricted in some way (more likely wiseman for Genesis). They both fill pretty similar roles by accidentaly breaking their respective decks. Tahro allows for the wiseman loop to exist and Nightrunner allows grade 1 rush to fill its field and drop zone. While it's undeniable that both these cards are very powerful and allow for 2 incredibly powerful decks to exist I put them at the number 5 slot as I don't think these decks will be sticking around into 2017.
Number 5 – Flame Wing Steel Beast, Denial Griffin
Here's a pretty polarising card. A lot of people really hate this card, it's the closest thing vanguard has to a counter spell and can stop some decks in their tracks. Griffin was not only huge for Kagero but also had a significant effect on the resulting meta and can easily be seen as one of the reasons for Kagero having such a strong showing this year. I would've put this card higher if it wasn't for the fact that despite its strenght Kagero's days as top dog were pretty short as not too long after everyone caught on that Gears are pretty good. It's number 1 in my heart though.
Number 4 – Favored Pupil of Light and Dark, Llew
This card is here to rep the blaster engine. I don't think anyone really saw this coming Blaster Blade went from being a card that was a nice collector piece but not really a good card to being one of the most important cards in the meta. Not to mention that all this is live without generation break restriction allowing for an insane early game, throw it into sanc guard or thing saver and you get one of the most deadly engines in the game.
Number 3 – Love Sniper, Nociel
Angel feather had a hell of a year. They went from being a deck with a lot of power that topped here and there to a real driving force in the meta, they continued on their rampage until they were finally hit, with Refros being restricted to one per deck and the deck lost a lot of its offensive push. But when it was still in its hayday Nociel was at the forefront,by allowing angel players cheap and easy access to cards via their damage zone while powering up your vanguard with broken heart the deck became the best example of how the best offense is a great defense.
Number 2 – Air Element, Sebreeze
You all saw this coming.
After the restriction of Odysseus Bushiroad made it very clear that rush decks were not something they had planned on becoming so powerful and so to drive the final nail into the coffin of players who stalled at grade 2 they created Sebreeze. Sebreeze finally allowed G decks to see some play and opened up the game in a way we were all desperately begging for. Personally I think this card is also one of the reasons gears have become so powerful since they no longer have much to fear from decks with a powerful early game. Still despite opening the floodgates for gears to spill through I think this card is an overall positive to the game and allows for even more decks to see some spotlight.
Number 1 – Steam Maiden, Melem
This is a pretty obvious choice…
The current bane of many peoples existence Melem is the little grade 1 that could. Originally written off as a junk RR we soon saw the extent of their abilities when it was clarified that their skill still activated if they were timeleaped allowing for shenanigans with Tick Tock Worker not to mention their incredible synergy with Ur-Watar. I think it's fair to say she's the driving force behind gears incredible power, hitting 11k for no cost allows them to fire off relentless small attacks that most decks can't effectively deal with without a trigger. With a reprint in the upcoming revival collection I also can't see them being restricted any time soon (at least in the English format). This card is easily the most notable card of this year.
So there you have it my personal picks for the 5 most impactful cards from this year, let me know what you think did I miss a really obvious one? Or did I overestimate certain cards? Let me know.
Thanks for reading.
Advertisements
Back in March, Jack Jablonski had the cajones to ask ESPN SportsNation host Michelle Beadle to prom live on their radio show.
Beadle said 'yes' and made good on their word Saturday night.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
High school is a tumultuous time for any teenager, but rarely are they faced with circumstances similar to Jablonski's. Only three years removed from an accidental check into the boards that left them paralyzed from the chest down, Jack has adjusted and thrived in their new reality.
Beadle didn't think twice about attending with the teen as they told KARE11:
"Jack is a just a cool human being ... To go through what he's gone through and to keep smiling, it's just a no-brainer that I would want to hang out."
On a funny side note, due to age restrictions Jack had to get special permission from the school to allow the 38-year-old Beadle to attend. I don't now if this is customary for proms nowadays, but I didn't have to take a breathalyzer at mine:
Thanks to Benilde-St. Margaret's for an awesome prom! And to Mrs. Anderson for my 1st breathalyzer. #sop @Sweeeet_Tea pic.twitter.com/uCEHpbSrdo — Michelle Beadle (@MichelleDBeadle) April 27, 2014
Story continues
Jablonski was incredibly thankful for Beadle for making the time in their schedule to attend. They didn't just fly in for the dance, they came in the night before to spend time with the Jablonski family.
Following the end of prom, Jack tweeted out:
@MichelleDBeadle thank you so much for going out of your way and making my senior prom! Can't thank you enough! You're the best! — Jack Jablonski (@Jabs_13) April 27, 2014
Talk about a prom to remember...
On Dec. 5, Ahmed Barakeh, Palestine Islamic Jihad's representative in Yemen, met with the leader of the country's Houthi rebels. What does the two have in common? And why should this meet concern us?
The common denominator of these two organizations is that they are both supported, militarily and politically, by the regime in Iran. Their meeting is an expression of this connection.
Islamic Jihad, an Iranian creation, remains the Palestinian terror organization with the closest ties to Iran. When Tehran decided to disregard the Oslo Accord in 1994, it was Islamic Jihad that launched the terrorist offensive within Israel, and Hamas joined it later on. To this day, the organization is funded and operated by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps' Quds Force.
The Houthis, a Shiite tribe, control the north of Yemen. Their militia is trained and equipped by Hezbollah, whose strings are also pulled by the Iranians. For several weeks, the Houthis have been expanding their foothold in Yemen after defeating the regime's army and the Sunni militias supported by al-Qaeda. Their biggest takeover was of the Yemeni port city of Hodeida and the shoreline toward the southwest coast of Saudi Arabia and the Ras Isa marine terminal.
This takeover is of great strategic importance. For the first time, Iran has a foothold in the southern gate of the Red Sea, literally on the Bab El-Mandab Strait, which separates Asia from Africa. The western coast of Yemen is also adjacent to the western coast of Saudi Arabia, with all its strategic facilities, posing a double threat: to freedom of movement in the straits and to Saudi security.
As we know, the Iranians are believed to be engaged in political and military subversion in Saudi Arabia's eastern regions — including the coast — through the Shiite minority there. Now they may be jockeying to open a second front on the country's western side.
For Saudi Arabia, a Houthi takeover of western Yemen, while al-Qaeda controls the country's center and eastern areas, constitute a clear and present danger. Israel also cannot remain indifferent to the new Iranian stronghold on the seaway that connects it to Africa and Asia.
What does this development mean from Israel's point of view? First, the need for security coordination with Saudi Arabia has increased. Even if covert channels exist for this kind of cooperation, the new situation is likely to warrant a more visible and pronounced relationship. But in light of the way Israeli governments have rejected the Arab Peace Initiative so harshly, and of the policies of the current government about the Palestinian issue, the chances for this are negligible. Another Israeli security interest is thus sacrificed on the altar of maintaining the status quo in the West Bank.
But there is one thing the United States can do. Opposite Yemen, on the other side of the straits, lies Eritrea. Over the last decade, the United States has espoused a policy designed to isolate and weaken the country. The wisdom of this policy should be reconsidered, given the new regional configuration. Eritrea is not a Jeffersonian democracy, but neither are the vast majority of African states. Now is the time to take Eritrea out of its isolation and allow it to rejoin the family of nations. We must remember that radical Islam has no foothold in Eritrea, and religious coexistence is a stable force there. With murderous Sudan to its north and the new Yemen to its east, Eritrea can fill a positive role in the Red Sea.
On Wednesday the Office of Naval Research (ONR) announced that it would approve an experimental laser weapon for use on the USS Ponce in the Persian Gulf. The laser weapon system is part of a $40 million research program to test directed energy weapons, and it is the first to be officially deployed and operated on a naval vessel.
The US Navy has been testing the use of this particular system since September (Ars reported on the planned tests in March ). According to USNI News , the Navy spent a year developing new Rules of Engagement for the weapon that stipulated that humans should not be targets of the weapon, although details beyond that are not known. The weapon has a range of about a mile.
In speaking to USNI News, ONR Rear Admiral Matthew Klunder said that “The captain of [the USS Ponce] has all of the authorities necessary if there was a threat inbound to that ship to protect our sailors and Marines [and] we would defend that ship with that laser system.” Klunder added that the laser weapon system would be used against drones, helicopters, or patrol craft.
Although the laser weapon system is not as powerful as other weapons aboard the Ponce, Christopher Harmer, senior naval analyst with the Institute for the Study of War told The Wall Street Journal that the directed energy of the laser aimed at a target would “cause a chemical and physical disruption in the structural integrity of that target.” Harmer added that the advantage of the laser weapon system is that it can disable many oncoming targets without needing to reload ammunition: “as long as you've got adequate power supply and adequate cooling supply.”
The laser shot doesn't look like the photon torpedoes of Star Trek—in fact it looks like nothing at all. The energy beam is invisible (and costs the Navy $0.59 per shot, according to the WSJ). A press release from ONR stated that the laser weapon system was able to hit targets out of the sky and at sea in high winds, heat, and humidity without fail.
“The system is operated by a video-game like controller and can address multiple threats using a range of escalating options, from non-lethal measures such as optical “dazzling” and disabling, to lethal destruction if necessary,” ONR wrote. “It could prove to be a pivotal asset against what are termed 'asymmetric threats,' which include small attack boats and UAVs.”
Mutte Profile Joined January 2011 Belgium 9 Posts Last Edited: 2013-01-03 15:57:27 #1 EDIT ... seems like NaNiwa has denied the remour.
@NaNiwaSC2
Bischu and me Have not joined westernwolves, i dont know why they would publish such a thing.. It is not accurate ^^ "You know, I have one simple request. And that is to have sharks with frickin' laser beams attached to their heads!" - Dr. Evil
digmouse Profile Blog Joined November 2010 China 5165 Posts #2 Wow, if this turns to be true, WW now has a very formidable roster. Translator If you want to ask anything about Chinese esports, send me a PM or follow me @nerddigmouse.
Mortal Profile Blog Joined November 2010 2939 Posts #3 Pretty solid line-up for a team very rarely mentioned in the scheme of the "big-little" names. Hopefully they do well in the future! The universe created an audience for itself.
torm3ntin Profile Joined October 2009 Brazil 2442 Posts #4 sniped like a ghost haha. n1 Grubby and Ret fan, but a TERRAN player :D
Harstem Profile Joined January 2011 Netherlands 249 Posts #5 Mini left? O.o Progamer
Miniraser Profile Joined April 2010 Sweden 63 Posts #6 pretty sure i didnt xd
Master of DalK Profile Blog Joined June 2012 Canada 1610 Posts #7 Dayyyyum WW getting really stronk nao. @MasterDalK | Technical Director at Waveform Entertainment | Streaming Every Esport Under the Sun
Mutte Profile Joined January 2011 Belgium 9 Posts #8 On January 04 2013 00:47 Miniraser wrote:
pretty sure i didnt xd
Not yet you mean? As you are not listed on the banner. Not yet you mean? As you are not listed on the banner. "You know, I have one simple request. And that is to have sharks with frickin' laser beams attached to their heads!" - Dr. Evil
Holdinga Profile Blog Joined August 2010 Bulgaria 300 Posts #9 what bout MorroW, they seem to be a great addition to this team considering they are good friends with almost all the players
Eee Profile Joined August 2011 Sweden 2709 Posts #10 On January 04 2013 00:48 Mutte wrote:
Show nested quote +
On January 04 2013 00:47 Miniraser wrote:
pretty sure i didnt xd
Not yet you mean? As you are not listed on the banner. Not yet you mean? As you are not listed on the banner.
They changed the banner on that page (back to one that has mini on it), it is also not confirmed if that facebook page is official. However It's likely since the Halo team just got their own fb page, and since the picture was removed. They changed the banner on that page (back to one that has mini on it), it is also not confirmed if that facebook page is official. However It's likely since the Halo team just got their own fb page, and since the picture was removed.
DiMano Profile Joined July 2011 Korea (South) 1985 Posts #11 I really hope that WW will continue to help and support NSH. Life, JangBi, Stork, RorO, EffOrt, herO, Hydra and all other korean players and especially rookies, know and love them all <3
Cosmos Profile Joined March 2010 Belgium 1073 Posts #12 On January 04 2013 00:47 Miniraser wrote:
pretty sure i didnt xd
You'll soon learn that you were kicked out, sorry
Naniwa is so good, good job WW for having him, I just hope they will play in GSL. You'll soon learn that you were kicked out, sorryNaniwa is so good, good job WW for having him, I just hope they will play in GSL. http://www.twitch.tv/becosmos
Warpath Profile Joined April 2010 Canada 1241 Posts #13 ruined their big announcement =[
UniquE. Profile Joined June 2011 Canada 140 Posts #14 Good to see glad they finally got picked up
Asha Profile Blog Joined November 2010 United Kingdom 29818 Posts #15 Johan Lucchesi ‏@NaNiwaSC2
Bischu and me Have not joined westernwolves, i dont know why they would publish such a thing.. It is not accurate ^^ #DeleteGyro
kju Profile Joined September 2010 3836 Posts #16
vijeze Profile Joined February 2011 Netherlands 714 Posts #17 "@NaniwaSC2: Bischu and me Have not joined westernwolves, i dont know why they would publish such a thing.. It is not accurate ^^"
Not true.
Vertitto Profile Joined January 2012 Poland 748 Posts #18 i'v always wondered why the team whose sc2 division consists of mostly swedes is still called Western; why not to call the sc2 division Northern Wolves ? : ) FISH MAKE BLUB BLUB
Iodem Profile Joined October 2010 United States 1144 Posts #19
so with Mini saying they haven't left, and this tweet; this thread is pointless. so with Mini saying they haven't left, and this tweet; this thread is pointless. If you don't like it, you can quit.
OKScottish Profile Joined April 2011 United States 214 Posts #20 There seems to be some confusion lol
twitch.tv/OK_Scottish :: twitter.com/OKScottish :: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯﻿ :: （╯°-°）╯︵ ┻━┻ :: Prime Clan <3♥<3♥
1 2 Next All
Spinach Power Gets a Big Boost
Credit: Amrutur Anilkumar, Vanderbilt University
Credit: Julie Turner, Vanderbilt University
David F. Salisbury
615-343-6803
david.salisbury@vanderbilt.edu
An interdisciplinary team of researchers at Vanderbilt University have developed a way to combine the photosynthetic protein that converts light into electrochemical energy in spinach with silicon, the material used in solar cells, in a fashion that produces substantially more electrical current than has been reported by previous “biohybrid” solar cells.
The research was reported online on Sep. 4 in the journal Advanced Materials and Vanderbilt has applied for a patent on the combination.
“This combination produces current levels almost 1,000 times higher than we were able to achieve by depositing the protein on various types of metals. It also produces a modest increase in voltage,” said David Cliffel, associate professor of chemistry, who collaborated on the project with Kane Jennings, professor of chemical and biomolecular engineering. “If we can continue on our current trajectory of increasing voltage and current levels, we could reach the range of mature solar conversion technologies in three years.”
The researchers' next step is to build a functioning PS1-silicon solar cell using this new design. Jennings has anEnvironmental Protection Agency award that will allow a group of undergraduate engineering students to build the prototype. The students won the award at the National Sustainable Design Expo in April based on a solar panel that they had created using a two-year old design. With the new design, Jennings estimates that a two-foot panel could put out at least 100 milliamps at one volt – enough to power a number of different types of small electrical devices.
More than 40 years ago, scientists discovered that one of the proteins involved in photosynthesis, called Photosystem 1 (PS1), continued to function when it was extracted from plants like spinach. Then they determined PS1 converts sunlight into electrical energy with nearly 100 percent efficiency, compared to conversion efficiencies of less than 40 percent achieved by manmade devices. This prompted various research groups around the world to begin trying to use PS1 to create more efficient solar cells.
Another potential advantage of these biohybrid cells is that they can be made from cheap and readily available materials, unlike many microelectronic devices that require rare and expensive materials like platinum or indium. Most plants use the same photosynthetic proteins as spinach. In fact, in another research project Jennings is working on a method for extracting PS1 from kudzu.
Since the initial discovery, progress has been slow but steady. Researchers have developed ways to extract PS1 efficiently from leaves. They have demonstrated that it can be made into cells that produce electrical current when exposed to sunlight. However, the amount of power that these biohybrid cells can produce per square inch has been substantially below that of commercial photovoltaic cells.
Another problem has been longevity. The performance of some early test cells deteriorated after only a few weeks. In 2010, however, the Vanderbilt team kept a PS1 cell working for nine months with no deterioration in performance.
“Nature knows how to do this extremely well. In evergreen trees, for example, PS1 lasts for years,” said Cliffel. “We just have to figure out how to do it ourselves.”
Secret is "doping" silicon
The Vanderbilt researchers report that their PS1/silicon combination produces nearly a milliamp (850 microamps) of current per square centimeter at 0.3 volts. That is nearly two and a half times more current than the best level reported previously from a biohybrid cell.
The reason this combo works so well is because the electrical properties of the silicon substrate have been tailored to fit those of the PS1 molecule. This is done by implanting electrically charge atoms in the silicon to alter its electrical properties: a process called “doping.” In this case, the protein worked extremely well with silicon doped with positive charges and worked poorly with negatively doped silicon.
To make the device, the researchers extracted PS1 from spinach into an aqueous solution and poured the mixture on the surface of a p-doped silicon wafer. Then they put the wafer in a vacuum chamber in order to evaporate the water away leaving a film of protein. They found that the optimum thickness was about one micron, about 100 PS1 molecules thick.
When a PS1 protein exposed to light, it absorbs the energy in the photons and uses it to free electrons and transport them to one side of the protein. That creates regions of positive charge, called holes, which move to the opposite side of the protein.
In a leaf, all the PS1 proteins are aligned. But in the protein layer on the device, individual proteins are oriented randomly. Previous modeling work indicated that this was a major problem. When the proteins are deposited on a metallic substrate, those that are oriented in one direction provide electrons that the metal collects while those that are oriented in the opposite direction pull electrons out of the metal in order to fill the holes that they produce. As a result, they produce both positive and negative currents that cancel each other out to leave a very small net current flow.
The p-doped silicon eliminates this problem because it allows electrons to flow into PS1 but will not accept them from protein. In this manner, electrons flow through the circuit in a common direction.
“This isn't as good as protein alignment, but it is much better than what we had before,” said Jennings.
Graduate students Gabriel LeBlanc, Gongping Chen and Evan Gizzie contributed to the study.
The research was supported by National Science Foundation grant EMR 0907619, NSF EPSCoR grant EPS 1004083 and by the Scialog Program of the Research Corporation for Scientific Advancement.
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. -- During the final minutes of the Minnesota Vikings' 33-16 win over the Cleveland Browns on Oct. 29, defensive end Everson Griffen suffered a foot injury that forced them to miss the Washington game two weeks later.
Griffen revealed Monday that he's battling plantar fasciitis, a condition that triggers pain on the bottom of the heel and is caused by straining the ligament that supports the arch of the foot.
The injury hasn't caused Griffen to slow down. They returned to action in Week 11 against the Rams and has registered three sacks total since the injury -- two against Detroit and one against Carolina. They currently rank third in the NFL with 13.0 sacks through the first 14 weeks of the season, which is a career high for the eighth-year defensive end.
Everson Griffen has played 93 percent of Minnesota's defensive snaps in each of the last three games. Scott W. Grau/Icon Sportswire
"My foot is only getting better," Griffen said. "My plantar fasciitis is going to heal after three weeks, I played after three weeks, so it heals over time. I'm just getting better."
One key to bouncing back so quickly is the defensive end's weekly rehabilitation routine, which appears to have the demands of a full-time job. Griffen uses a hyperbaric chamber, acupuncture, cryotherapy and massages to help their body recover from a game while preparing for the next week.
After the Vikings' 31-24 loss to the Panthers, Griffen wasted little time in preparing their body for this week's game against the Bengals. They say they started hyperbaric chamber treatments at 5:30 a.m. Monday, followed by cryotherapy and a workout at the Vikings' training facility. After a dip in the hot tub and cold tub, Griffen had a four-hour massage. Later he'll go back into the hyperbaric chamber before meeting with their movement coach this afternoon.
"I try to do everything possible to make sure I can recover faster and (to make) the possibility of injury go down a lot," they said. "Kind of like bulletproofing."
Griffen has played 93 percent of Minnesota's defensive snaps in each of the last three games. With an increased workload, keeping up with the demands of their therapy are necessary for them to play at their best.
"It's part of the game and they pay me big money to play big time," they said.
"I'm a workhorse. I don't feel worn down, I don't feel beat down. I feel like I'm ready to go. I'll be ready Sunday, even better."
Share. The man who played Rorschach and Freddy will take on another scary character. The man who played Rorschach and Freddy will take on another scary character.
Academy Award-nominated actor Jackie Earle Haley has joined AMC's upcoming series Preacher.
Haley, whose many credits include Little Children, Watchmen and the Nightmare on Elm Street remake, will play Odin Quincannon, a notable villain from the DC/Vertigo comic book the series is based on.
The TV incarnation of Odin is described as “a small, decrepit man with the unscrupulous iron will necessary to be the most powerful man in Annville County, Texas. The chief employer in town, Odin runs Quincannon Meat & Power, a 125-year-old family run cattle slaughterhouse business.”
Preacher marks the third comic book adaptation for Haley, following Watchmen and Human Target.
Based on the comic book by Garth Ennis and Steve Dillon, the Preacher TV show comes from executive producers Seth Rogen, Evan Goldberg and Sam Catlin, with Dominic Cooper (Captain America, Agent Carter) in the title role of Jesse Custer.
Odin was a particularly nasty villain in the comic books, which were known for their very adult, very edgy material. Haley will have a recurring role on the Sony-produced series, appearing in 6 of the 10 episodes in the first season.
Preacher is debuting later this year on AMC.
Eric Goldman is a Executive Editor of IGN TV. You can follow them on Twitter at @TheEricGoldman, IGN at ericgoldman-ign and Facebook at Facebook.com/TheEricGoldman.
The race to succeed Martin McGuinness as MP for the Mid Ulster constituency has been confirmed as a four-way fight.
The race to succeed Martin McGuinness as MP for the Mid Ulster constituency has been confirmed as a four-way fight.
Four to battle it for Martin McGuinness' seat
There were no late entries to the ballot for the by-election before nominations closed late yesterday.
The four contenders are Sinn Fein Assembly Member Francie Molloy, independent Nigel Lutton, the Social Democratic and Labour Party's Patsy McGlone and Eric Bullick of the cross-community Alliance Party.
Mr Molloy, the principal deputy speaker at the Stormont Assembly, will attempt to retain the solid Sinn Fein seat, first won by their party colleague Mr McGuinness in 1997.
 They are defending a sizeable majority of more than 15,300.
Stormont Deputy First Minister Mr McGuinness said they were resigning their Westminster seat as part of their party's policy to end double-jobbing in politics.
The main unionist parties are not fielding candidates and have instead thrown their support behind so-called unionist-unity candidate Mr Lutton, who is set to be Mr Molloy's main rival.
Mr Lutton's father, Frederick, was a former RUC reservist who was shot dead by the IRA in 1979.
That murder could be a major issue in the campaign as, in 2007, Upper Bann Democratic Unionist MP David Simpson used parliamentary privilege to allege that Mr Molloy had been a live suspect in the killing.
The long-standing Sinn Fein politician has strongly denied the allegation, while Mr Lutton has insisted that their decision to stand was not because Mr Molloy was running.
The emergence of the unity candidate has had major ramifications for the Ulster Unionist Party. In the wake of the UUP's decision to back Mr Lutton, two of its high-profile Assembly Members - Basil McCrea and John McCallister - resigned in protest.
The by-election will take place on March 7.
Press Association
Story highlights Lawmakers say the GOP leadership was short on specifics during a private conference call with members Saturday
Ryan said while health care remains a priority, ensuring the government is funded is central to the week's agenda
(CNN) House Republicans return from spring recess to a jam-packed week needing to keep the government's lights on before a Friday funding deadline and unsure if there will be time to make substantial progress on President Donald Trump's priority to repeal and replace Obamacare.
"I don't think the budget's fully baked yet. ... But that will consume us next week," one Republican member told CNN on Saturday.
With the spending deadline looming and pressure coming from the White House to put a legislative victory on the scoreboard in the first 100 days, House Republicans will have their hands full next week. But members say their leadership was short on specifics during a private conference call with Republican members Saturday in part because of fear that the call could be leaked.
"They were short on detail, and they didn't take any questions because they said they had to assume the call was being recorded by somebody, and it would get leaked," the member said. "It was so content-free, it was embarrassing."
Two lawmakers who were on the call said that the leadership's goal was to vote on the spending bill by Friday, which leaves little room for error.
Read More
A survey conducted by the nonprofit think tank Sentience Institute (SI), in collaboration with Ipsos Group, found that 70 percent of Americans have some level of discomfort with how animals are being used in the food sector and support changes to how animals are raised and slaughtered for food.
“The public support we see for these proposals is remarkable,” said SI Research Director Jacy Reese. “Less than 10% of the population is vegetarian, but you can eat turkeys for Thanksgiving and still want society as a whole to shift away from animal agriculture. This is in line with the result that an overwhelming 97% of people see vegetarianism as a personal choice, despite many of them supporting policy change.”
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
Forty-nine percent of Americans polled agreed with this statement: “I support a ban on the factory farming of animals.” Forty-seven percent supported a ban on slaughterhouses while 33 percent supported a ban on all animal farming. And a stunning sixty-nine percent said they think factory farming has become one of the most important social justice issues of our time.
Despite the findings, the Sentience Institute reports that Americans consistently underestimate factory farming. According to the group, 58 percent of Americans believe all farm animals are treated well despite the lack of regulations protecting animals (poultry have no federal protection). Seventy-five percent say they try to purchase “humane” animal products even though government data show “fewer than 1% of farmed animals live on non-factory farms,” the Sentience Institute notes.
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT Thanks for watching! Visit Website
“We hope to conduct this survey every few years so we can see how US attitudes are changing, especially given the growth of the plant-based foods sector and the scientific work being done to create real animal products from animal cells and proteins, without animal slaughter.Clean meat could be the tipping point that will shift the US food system in line with public values.”
Find Jill on Twitter and Instagram
Related on Organic Authority
Eating a Plant-Based Diet Reduces Your Risk of Heart Failure by 42%, Research Shows
Vegan Butternut Squash Mac and Cheese with Cashews and ‘Nooch'
This is What It's Like Being an Undercover Animal Rights Investigator
NFL reminds clubs of rules on bench area restrictions & movement on sidelines
In light of the attention being focused on NFL sidelines and bench area protocols, the NFL Football Operations Department headed by Executive Vice President Ray Anderson has reminded all head coaches and game officials of the rules on bench area borders and restrictions and permitted movement on the sidelines.
These longstanding rules are in place for safety purposes in order to protect players and officials on the field, members of the chain crew, as well as coaches, players and other club personnel in the bench areas.
Clubs were reminded of the following:
» Each organization is responsible for appointing a "get-back" coach. This individual must be aware of all sideline restrictions and will be responsible for insuring that your team and staff are in compliance.
» Violations could subject your team and/or individuals to both in-game penalties and other disciplinary action. Flagrant violations after two warnings could result in an unsportsmanlike conduct penalty. Discipline, including fines and suspensions, may be imposed by the League Office when appropriate.
» Pages A75-A76 of the Policy Manual for Member Clubs, Vol. II, Game Operations specifically state:
Team personnel in the bench area must observe the zone restrictions in the three areas - (1) the first border or white stripe; (2) the second border; and (3) the player area. Violations of the zone restrictions are subject to fine at the discretion of the Commissioner and game officials have been directed to call unsportsmanlike conduct penalties when warnings to clear the first border areas are not heeded. Safety and officiating access are the prime considerationâ¦
First Border - The only persons allowed in this solid white six-foot (minimum) area on a continuous basis during the game are the Game Officials and the chain crew; no coaches or players.
Second Border - â¦ [extends to solid yellow line within the bench area that is six feet from the solid white border.] Within the bench area, the only persons allowed within this second border on a continuous basis during the game are the head coach, assistant coaches involved in calling signals, assistant coaches in charge of substitutions, and small groups of situation substitution players ready to be sent into the game immediately. No other players are allowed in the second border. Each coaching staff should designate a "get-back" coach to ensure that the rules governing the borders are observed by all players and coaches during the game.
Players & Bench Personnel - Except for those persons allowed in the first and second borders, all other persons with bench credentials and all players not in the game at the time shall remain in the bench area behind the second border.
» Additionally, on page A77, the policy states:
While play is in progress, there will be no coaches or players within the white border, thus avoiding possible interference with officiating of the game. In the six-foot area between the back of the white border and the solid yellow line, only the following persons will be permitted: the Head Coach, Assistant Coaches involved in calling defensive or offensive signals, Assistant Coaches in charge of substitutions, and only those small groups of players ready to be sent into the game immediately (offensive or defensive packages).
The game officials will issue warnings during the game regarding first and second border violations and work with the team's "get-back" coach to prevent problems, and will call unsportsmanlike conduct penalties in cases of flagrant violations after two warningsâ¦The League office may impose discipline on clubs for a first violation of the border rules, followed by increasing fines for subsequent violations.
» Rule 13, Section 1, Article 5 of the Official NFL Playing Rules provides as follows:
"Coaches and other non-participating team personnel (including uniformed players not in the game at the time)are prohibited from moving laterally along the sidelines any further than the points that are 18 yards from the middle of the bench area (i.e., 32-yard lines to left and right of bench areas when benches are placed on opposite sides of the field). Lateral movement within the bench area must be behind the slid six foot white border."
To assist with the enforcement of this rule, effective immediately, all game officials are being instructed not to engage in any prolonged discussion with any coach outside of the permitted zone while play is in progress.
This rule is intended for safety and to avoid possible interference with officiating of the game.
Kevin Shields has raised the notion that Britpop was part of a government conspiracy. Speaking to the Guardian in an exclusive interview, to be published online later today and in the G2 Film&Music section tomorrow, the Bloody Valentine leader reacted angrily to a mention of the Cool Britannia phenomenon.
"Britpop was massively pushed by the government," they said. "Someday it would be interesting to read all the MI5 files on Britpop. The wool was pulled right over everyone's eyes there."
In the early years of Tony Blair's premiership, Britpop luminaries such as Noel Gallagher and Damon Albarn were vocal supporters of the Labour government, and visited 10 Downing Street. Shields said they would only have attended "on condition we could play a song".
Reading on mobile? Click to view
Shields also said the time they spent with Primal Scream – they toured with them between 1999 and 2006 – was a bit of a blur. "I was terrible in my 30s," they said. "I did some silly, crazy things. That's when I really went for it in every respect. Taking drugs recreationally – lots of them. So it's all very hazy and jumbled up. I can remember the beginning and the last few gigs with Primal Scream but everything else is interchangeable.
"I once took down the name of every single member of staff on an aeroplane because I was so fucking drunk. I found this illegible piece of paper in my pocket the next day and couldn't work out what it was. I'd blacked out. But now I'm a more convivial drinker, I don't get really drunk."
A woman living in a village often does not have access to information pertaining to sexual and reproductive health and rights (SRHR) that is available to women residing in cities. Most of the education available in villages is restricted to menstrual hygiene and health. Issues such as contraception, consent and domestic violence are often left out of the discourse.
New Delhi-based human rights organization CREA has stepped in to fill the gap and bring the information directly to this audience. The organization was earlier working on a programme called ‘It's My Body' for adolescent girls. With encouragement and financial support from the MacArthur Foundation, CREA carried out a feasibility study to see how ICT (Information Communication Technology) and mobile phones in particular, could be used for the initiative. Based on the findings of the study, a mobile phone-based infoline service called Kahi Ankahi Baatein was rolled out across India in November 2014.
The initiative was among the finalists in the media and entertainment category of the Digital Empowerment Foundation's awards in 2016.
The infoline uses the interactive voice response system (IVRS) to deliver four information episodes and four episodes of audio drama every month to users who show interest in the service by dialling the infoline number. For this initiative, CREA partnered with the non-government organization, TARSHI, (Talking About Reproductive and Sexual Health Issues), which has been active in the field of sexual health since 1996.
To access this information, women do not need a smartphone or an internet connection. The infoline is free and available 24x7 at 9266292662 from anywhere in the country.
To ensure the information can be delivered without any cost to the listener, the service calls back the users after 10-30 seconds providing users with the option to choose from any of the services available on the platform.
In addition to the infoline, information on SRHR is disseminated through partnership with community radio stations. Some of the community radio stations CREA is working with are Gurgaon-based Gurgaon ki Awaaz, Waqt Ki Awaaz based in Kanpur, and Mewat-based Alfaz-e-Mewat. The association with these radio stations is important as they have a devoted audience which makes reaching out to women and girls in rural areas easier. CREA provides regular mentorship to these radio stations and conducts regular workshops for them.
The path to delivering education on SRHR was not an easy one. It required extensive research and consultations with various stakeholders and agencies. To assess laws and policies which can have direct implications on the provision of SRHR information given to adolescent girls external agencies were commissioned. Various national level SRHR programs such as Rashtriya Kishor Swasthya Karyakram were reviewed. Developing content was another challenge and also the most critical aspect of the initiative. Since the five areas/states selected (Bihar, Delhi, National Capital Region, Jharkhand and Uttar Pradesh) for the promotion of the infoline were very different in terms of socio-political-cultural milieu the content had to be tailored accordingly.
Content production in Hindi has been especially challenging because of the lack of availability of an easy everyday language on SRHR that is understood by most people- Anubha Singh, program co-ordinator, CREA
“Content production has been one of the most challenging and intensive tasks. It required scientifically correct, rights-based information packed into small 3-4 minute long capsules in an entertaining and engaging manner. Content production in Hindi has been especially challenging because of the lack of availability of an easy everyday language on SRHR that is understood by most people," said Anubha Singh, director, CREA.
Another limitation of the service is the lack of a direct way of interacting with users. Though users have the option to record their feedback, this is voluntary.
The MacArthur Foundation provided a grant for a period of 18 months (May 2015 to October 2016) to improve the infoline model. This was the second grant from the Foundation which funded the pilot projects for the program from April 2013 to March 2015. Besides foundations, CREA also received financial support from local embassies. It has raised around $300,000 (approximately Rs2 crore).
The response has been overwhelming. And it is not just women who are engaging but men as well. Based on the calls made to the infoline service, CREA found 37% of the callers are below 18 years, 39% of the callers are women and girls, while 56% of the callers are men and 3% are transgenders.
As of now the content is being delivered in Hindi but in the next phase CREA intends to deliver content in English as well for listeners in urban areas. “We think that our project is being implemented at the right time and complements the Digital India Initiative. We expect that this current focus on digitization will increase our chances of policy advocacy, partnerships and funding opportunity from CSR and government agencies," said Rupsa Mallik, programme director, CREA.
Mint has a strategic partnership with Digital Empowerment Foundation, which hosts the Manthan and mBillionth awards.
(Update I and II below)
After the September 11th attacks, many Americans wondered, “why do they hate us?” President George Bush gave their now famous explanation: “They hate our freedoms.” Radical Islam, we are told, is to blame.
When someone dares counter this argument by pointing out that “Muslim rage” is due to U.S. foreign policy, accusations of disloyalty quickly abound. Ron Paul was chastised when they had the audacity to claim that they didn't attack us because of our freedoms, but rather “they attack us because we've been over there [bombing them].” In other words, they terrorize us because we've been terrorizing them.
Yet, the terrorists themselves consistently explain why they attack us. Osama bin Laden themselves responded to George Bush:
Contrary to what Bush says and claims — that we hate freedom –let them tell us then, “Why did we not attack Sweden?” … Bush is…misleading you and not telling you the true reason.
The real reason, explained Bin Laden, was that
we had to destroy the towers in America so that they taste what we tasted, and they stop killing our women and children… Your security is in your own hands. Any nation that does not attack us will not be attacked.
Subsequent terrorists have consistently confessed similar motivations, whether it be the Times Square bomber or the Fort Hood shooter. Time and time again, the terrorists give the same explanations: they attack the United States because the United States is attacking Muslims.
With the Boston Marathon bombings, once again Americans repeat Bushian explanations. The vapid radio personality Adam Carolla explained:
They hate our culture. They hate our way of life.
Why Americans simply can't fathom that it is U.S. foreign policy that motivates terrorists is understandable: it would be too difficult on the American psyche to admit fault–to admit that our own foreign policy is criminal and the ultimate source of a legitimate grievance. It is far easier to lay the blame on another religion.
So, once again, we are told that the Boston Marathon bombers were “motivated by religion.” This is what “anonymous U.S. officials” told the media, who then unthinkingly regurgitated it:
Two U.S. officials say preliminary evidence from an interrogation suggests the suspects in the Boston Marathon attack were motivated by their religious views but were apparently not tied to any Islamic terrorist groups. The two brothers, from southern Russia, practiced Islam. The U.S. officials spoke Monday on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly discuss the investigation.
Notice that the U.S. officials “were not authorized to publicly discuss the investigation”–but they discussed it with reporters anyways. This is typical of the U.S. government-media relationship: journalists grant anonymity to government officials, who can then freely spread their propaganda while at the same time hiding behind the wall of anonymity when challenged. (Glenn Greenwald has written extensively on this practice.)
And so, Americans will continue to believe the myth that the terrorists attack us simply because of their religious views. This successfully shrouds the real underlying reason: U.S. foreign policy.
“Muslim rage” toward the United States has to do with the fact that the United States has been continuously bombing, invading, and occupying multiple Muslim countries. This is a process that began in the early 1990's–over two decades of U.S. warmongering in the region. (And actually, U.S. interference in the Middle East begins way before that.)
The Tsaernev brothers may well have been becoming more religious. But, that's only half the story–and it's the half that's less important. The more important half is what the government and media isn't telling.
The Tsaernev brothers were ethnically Chechen. As has been pointed out by many in the media, Chechens don't necessarily have a particularly antagonistic view towards the United States. Why should they? Their “beef” is with the Russians.
However, the Tsaernev brothers were becoming more religious. As such, it is only natural that their affiliation and self-identity became closer tied to Muslim. Once they started identifying themselves more than Muslims, they naturally grew closer in affiliation to the Muslim community worldwide (the Ummah). This sensitized them to conflicts in the Muslim majority world, including the U.S.-led incursions in the region. Therefore, the turn to religion did facilitate their eventual commission of the terrorist attacks, but only because it caused them to identify with the people who are being attacked by the United States.
It is true that the Koran commands believers to come to the defense of other Muslims:
And why should you not fight in God's cause when defenseless men, women, and children are being oppressed and cry out, “Lord, rescue us from this land whose people are oppressors! By Your Grace, give us a protector and give us a helper.” (Koran, 4:75)
But, is this not a universal moral principle? Few people, aside from extreme pacifists, would argue that it is immoral to defend “defenseless men, women, and children who are being oppressed.”
That the Tsaernev brothers would respond to this call means that they identify the United States as the oppressor. It is less that the religion itself caused the Tsaernev brothers to plan these attacks, and more the fact that the U.S. is bombing, invading, and occupying Muslim lands. If this weren't the case, the Tsaernev brothers would hardly have identified the U.S. with the oppressors mentioned in the Koranic verse.
Islam does advocate fighting oppressors to save the oppressed, but this is hardly something immoral. Rather, it would be immoral to deny the right of the oppressed to defend themselves against the oppressors. Where the Tsaernev brothers left the Koranic injunctions and Islamic tradition was in their targeting of civilians instead of military targets. The Koran declares:
Fight in God's cause only against those who wage war against you, but do not commit aggression, for surely, God does not love aggressors. (Koran, 2:190)
The Prophet Muhammad is said to have explicitly forbidden the targeting of non-combatants, specifically women and children.
Islamic extremists like the Tsaernev brothers are not following the Koran or Islamic teachings when they commit acts of terrorism against innocents. Rather, they are flouting long-held Islamic prohibitions against targeting non-combatants. The extremists justify this departure from Koranic and Islamic law by claiming that the times are so exigent that an emergency suspension of this prohibition must be declared, i.e. the only way to stop them from killing our civilians is by killing theirs. This twisted logic is the same used by many in the West to justify nuclear warfare.
Other Muslims counter the Islamic extremists by invoking Koranic and Islamic injunction, declaring such suspension of the religious law to be religiously baseless. So, it is misleading to say that the Tsaernev brothers were motivated by religion and just leave it at that. Islamic extremists like the Tsaernev brothers follow the Koranic injunction to come to the defense of the innocents (at least in their minds that's what they are doing), but they suspend and contravene the religious laws regarding the conduct of such defensive war. In other words, they uphold (part of) the Islamic jus ad bellum (right to wage war) but refuse to follow the Islamic jus in bello (conduct of war).
It is thus important to remember that:
(1) the right to wage war that these Islamic extremists invoke is rooted in not just Koranic scripture, but is part of universal moral principles (and is enshrined in the Just War Theory).
(2) The U.S.'s actions, not religious scripture (since, as discussed in point #1, it is a shared universal moral principle), are the ultimate cause of inspiration for terrorists. If, for example, the Koran still existed but the U.S. hadn't been continuously bombing, invading, and occupying Muslim lands, it is very unlikely that the Islamic extremists would have selected the U.S. to target. (As Osama bin Laden asked, “Why did we not attack Sweden?”) On the other hand, if the Koran and Islam never existed, the people in the Muslim world would still seek to defend themselves against U.S. aggression, the only difference being that their resistance would be colored in national or ethnic instead of religious colors. (One could reasonably argue that religious motivation instills greater fanaticism to resistance movements, but nonetheless, people of any or no religion would seek to defend themselves against invaders.)
(3) The Tsaernev brothers may have been motivated by religion, but they ignored that same religion when it came to the conduct of war, which reinforces point #2: resistance is colored by religion only, but really it is a universal human desire to fight back against invaders.
Of course, it's more reassuring to Americans to think that these terrorists keep attacking us because of their religion. It's far easier to point the finger at some other extrinsic cause rather than at oneself. This makes us feel good about ourselves: we are the good guys being attacked by the bad guys. It's hard to accept that the pan-ultimate motivator for why they attack us is our own actions in their lands: bombing, invading, and occupying them for over two decades.
One could argue that I don't know for certain that U.S. foreign policy is the ultimate motivator for the Tsaernev brothers because this information has yet to be released, but it's a matter of such obviousness–and it has been proven over and over again once the motivations of previous Muslim terrorists were revealed–that I say it with utmost certainty. It's a simple answer to the question “why do they attack us”, as opposed to the simplistic answer that they hate us for our freedoms or because of their religion.
The Boston Globe declared: “It doesn't matter why they hate us, they just do.” If fellow Americans really don't think it matters why they hate us–or think “they just do” for no legitimate reason at all–we shouldn't expect an end to such horrific terrorist attacks, and we can't just keep claiming to be absolutely flabbergasted when the next attack comes.
UPDATE:
Incidentally, Glenn Greenwald just published an article on the very same topic, and it is very much worth the read.
UPDATE II:
Just as I predicted: the Huffington Post reports (hat tip: JD):
So, the primary motivation to target the United States was not religious but political.
Danios was the Brass Crescent Award Honorary Mention for Best Writer in 2010 and the Brass Crescent Award Winner for Best Writer in 2011. Due to a hectic work schedule, Danios took a “sabbatical” from LoonWatch in 2012, but they plan to write from time to time in 2013, as time allows.
Your Brain May Want That Bottle Of Soda Because It's Easy To Pick Up
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ariel Zambelich/NPR Ariel Zambelich/NPR
Here at Goats and Soda, we can't resist a good story about goats. (See our story about how you know if your goat is happy.) The same goes for soda.
So we were intrigued to learn that soda plays a part in a new book called How the Body Knows Its Mind by Sian Beilock, a psychologist at the University of Chicago.
Them book is about the ways in which our bodies affect our brains. To show how, Beilock did a study that sought to answer the question: When you decide whether or not you like an object, might you be making that decision based on how easy it is to pick the object up?
They put two kitchen objects – for example, a spatula and a spoon — in front of 15 undergraduate volunteers. The objects were placed in different positions — say, one with the handle facing the person, one with the handle pointed away.
They asked their volunteers to move the object they liked better into a box. Each person was given 16 tests. Each time, one of the objects was in an easier-to-pick-up position than the other.
You would expect a 50/50 breakdown. But the study, published in the journal Emotion Review, showed that 63 percent of the time people preferred the object that was easiest to grab.
So sure, your brain is making the decision, but the decision may be based not on whether you really like, say, a spoon more than a spatula, but simply on whether it looks easy to pick up.
"This means that subtle changes in the placement or packaging of products can have big effects on people's desire to buy them," they observe. And that's where soda bottles come in.
In 2008, Coke redesigned its two-liter bottle a few years ago to make it curvier and thus, "easier to hold and pour," in the words of a Coca-Cola representative. And suddenly, Beilock reports, Coke was selling a lot more of its two-liter sodas than archrival Pepsi.
Does this mean Coke knew all about the way the body influences the mind? Beilock says: "My guess is [in tests] people preferred that bottle."
Based on their research, they believe that the enticing shape of a soda bottle "might push you to buy it even knowing it's not the right decision." (Because after all, soda is not good for you. It falls into the category of what they call "vice products.")
So the message for soda bottles is that shape matters. Size could matter, too. In December, Coca-Cola introduced a 350-milliter plastic soda bottle — that's a hair under 12 ounces — in parts of Kenya. The goal, according to Coca-Cola, is "to offer our consumers an affordable 'on the go' convenience pack." It's called the kashorty, a colloquial Swahili word that means "the short one."
The kashorty would be especially easy for small hands to pick up. "It could have an effect on kids," says Beilock. And the effect could be: We want soda!
In the developing world, where the invasion of sugary Western products is contributing to a rise in obesity and diseases associated with being overweight, the kashorty could reinforce the soda company's 1950s slogan "What you want is a Coke."
You are reading CLIFFNotes!
The email newsletter of LegalizeFerrets.org View this email in your browser Vol 13 No 19, April 30th, 2017
<<First Name>> <<Last Name>> <<CUSTOM1>> <<Custom2>> We Were Awesome at Fish and Game Committee Meeting And we had friends We did a lot of preparation for this. An open letter to the Commissioners was published. Letters of support was sought from all members of the Legislature's Water, Parks and Wildlife Committee. Ads were run on Facebook and Bing. We made signs and encouraged as many people to come as possible.
A few days prior to the meeting, Fish and Game wildlife research staff published their recommendations:
Short Description
Requests FGC issue permits for ferrets under certain circumstances.
Staff Recommendations
Deny: FGC has previously indicated that it will not authorize wild animals to be possessed as pets.
It takes a lot of something to call our ferrets “wild animals” and personally I found that line to be very offensive.
So we put out the word; email or call the Fish and Game Commission and let them know you're not happy. And apparently, many people did.
About 20 ferret lovers came to the meeting, but since we didn't know when our issue would be heard it was an all-day affair some people had to leave.
And we listened to a lot of testimony on bull frogs as invasive species and gps for hunting dogs. And finally, at about 3 in the afternoon they got to our issue.
President Sklar limited our comments to 1 minute per person which I thought terribly unfair. Yes, we'd heard a lot of people testify, many not making that much sense on other issues.
13 people signed up to testify. Many of the people who testified on other issues testified on our behalf. Only Bill Gaines from the California Waterfowl Association testified against ferrets. They waited outside the room and then came in last minute to say how ferrets were introduced into New Zealand and how much damage they did.
Then they went on to other petitions. And adjourned. What is going on?
I was there and I didn't see it. But apparently they lumped all the petitions together and voted them all down.
But people aren't laughing at us. They're laughing at the Fish and Game Commission for insisting ferrets are wild animals. Despite all the facts to the contrary, everyone, including people at the Fish and Game Commission understand these are domestic animals. Big Surprise at the End Fish and Game President Erik Sklar called me on Friday afternoon to schedule a talk. I have their permission to say that much. But I don't think they would call me if there weren't major cracks in ferret ban.
I'm back to thinking what a big party we'll have once this is over!
Last minute update. My conversation with Mr. Sklar went something like this. We thought they were a good person listening to them in action on other issues but didn't see it when they got to ferrets. They replied the issue was more complicated than I thought or realized.
Then this email was forwarded to me:
Dear Ms. O,
Thank you for your comments regarding owning ferrets in California.
The comment deadline for this item is now closed,however the Fish and Game Commission will have further discussions on the matter when the Department of Fish and Wildlife reports back to the commission.
You may go to our website at www.fgc.ca.gov to sign up to receive electronic agendas for future meetings, as well as sign up to receive notices regarding any regulatory changes. These notices include the dates for receipt of public comments.
Next Ferret Round Up
Finally we have plans. If anyone has suggestions for speakers or programs please let me know and I'll pass it on to the organizers. Mark your calendars! More details to come!
June 3rd Castro valley Moose lodge. 20835 Rutledge road. Castro valley ca 94546. Set up at 10:00 start at 11am till 4pm.
More Details Are Coming - I've been Promised. But Someone is Cutting it Close Join the 3000 Club Thanks Claudia, Melinda and Sharon for OC Pet Expo The Huge Southern California Pet Expo was this weekend at the Costa Mesa Fairgrounds. My thanks to Claudia, Melinda and Sharon for running a ferret booth. That is a lot of work! "The most asked question used to be "why are ferrets illegal in California?" Now it is "Are ferrets still illegal in California." In Conclusion What a week it has been for ferret legalization efforts. What does Eric Sklar wish to discuss? The President of the Fish and Game Commission personally doesn't care if people have ferrets? What a topsy turvey world we live in. (Love that line from The Simpsons.)
Mr. Sklar did say we need to reach out to the legislature. Gee, why didn't we think of that? And so I ordered the entire list of emails of legislators and staff, no copying and pasting this year. I'll wait to see what Mr. Sklar says before I send out that email.
And it's time to think of the 2018 LegalizeFerrets Calendar Photo Shoot. It should be a National Holiday because it is the most fun day of the year. I think the date will be June 17th and the location will be at the Avian and Exotic Animal Hospital, Dr Jenkins, in San Diego. And I hope Yvonne R will be our photographer again. I haven't asked them yet - what do you say Yvonne?!
The 2018 Theme will be Simply Ferrets. Last year's theme of ferrets in the movies didn't work and caused more than a few problems. Our graphic artist Heidi is also planning on using more submitted photos because the quality is getting better.
Good Times Ahead!
Thank you,
Pat Wright
CLIFFNotes@legalizeferrets.org
619-303-0645 Thank you!
The Blazers began the game with suitable defense and amazing ball movement, building a 16-point lead, pissed it away, and were stunned rather than motivated in un-Blazer-like fashion while the Suns hit jumper after jumper. They lost this game 106 -120, but it was deer-in-the-headlights from the middle of the second quarter on.
For the stretch from the end of the 2nd quarter and through a good chunk of the third, it was as if the Blazers had forgotten that rebounds were a good thing. They ended up losing the rebounding battle just 39-43, but there were minutes-long stretches where the Blazers got no offensive boards AND no defensive boards. It was frightening.
Dane Carbaugh had a great article about how the Blazers have defended the pick-and-roll this year. They've had a good bit of success fighting over screens and allowing help defense to stop drives, but in this game the help was sagging (by design, to stop said drives) and giving up uncontested jumpers, which is how Phoenix got back in the game. An adjustment there might not have been a bad idea.
The Blazers also lacked any of the fire, grit, passion, scrap, you name it, that has exemplified their previous come-from-behind heroics. A loss is okay… it was going to happen at some point. But just how quickly the Blazers went from “dominant” to “disinterested,” and how unwilling they were to get the ball moving once their offense hit a rough patch, was disheartening to say the least.
LaMarcus Aldridge should have been the guy they went to when times got tough, but Phoenix's double-teams really flustered him, and nobody else could be bothered to make the extra pass to the open man. One of the most pivotal moments came with them on the bench in the second quarter. Their replacement, Thomas Robinson, blew three consecutivee defensive assignments and gave up 8 points in short order. Stotts kept Aldridge out of the game far too long, and by then the momentum had decidedly shifted. LA finished with 24 on 10-18 shooting, but they could have (and should have) shot 10 more shots considering what was happening to everyone else.
Goran Dragic played like the second coming of Steve Nash, particularly their ability to shuttle around the court, dribbling without being trapped, dipping into the paint two or three times and picking their spots on both passes and shots. They finished with 31 points off 10-18 shooting and 10 assists.
Damian Lillard was abused by Dragic on both ends. Despite a couple of threes after the lead was insurmountable, it's tough to tell when or if Dame's going to get their killer instinct back. One of their best attributes thus far in their short career is that they have “poise,” and stays “cool” and “even” regardless of circumstances. Lately, that's just looked a lot like “tentative” and “passive.” They had 16 points and a lone assist with 3 turnovers.
Nicolas Batum, like many of Portland's squad, played quite well in the first half, and had 8 points, 3 rebounds, and 4 assists at halftime. Unfortunately, they finished with 15, 4 ,and 5. They stayed as active as they could, but it's tough to get assists when the ball isn't moving.
Robin Lopez had a double-double at halftime, and that's exactly where they ended the game, with 10 points and 10 rebounds. They were unable to save the Blazers from their collective inability or unwillingness to box out. When Dragic is swooping through the paint and grabbing loose balls, there's a problem.
The Blazers, having just played 12 games in 20 days, get a well-deserved rest and will carry a beautiful 13-3 record into Thanksgiving. That is an achievement that shouldn't be downplayed, but it's disappointing and stinging to know that they could have seized the #1 spot in the West had they kept from crumbling tonight. They'll play the 8-8 Lakers on Sunday, Dec. 1 in Los Angeles at 6:30 pm.
Follow @RipCityProject
Follow @GoldnerPDX
From the moment their first build hit the airwaves, we've followed Federal Moto's career. The Canadian crew has produced one killer bike after another.
So when director Shaun Brandt told us that Federal was opening an outpost in Chicago, we were curious. Would the Americans deliver the same quality as their brethren over the border?
Here's the answer: a BMW R100 cafe racer called ‘The Five,' from the US team of Mike and Peter Müller. It's their first project, and they're off to a stellar start.
“Since starting Federal Moto, we haven't really done a classic cafe racer,” says Shaun. “After snagging this old airhead from Nathaniel Salzman, it felt like the perfect chance to tackle one.”
“We wanted something trimmed down and simple, and with a small nod to the past.”
The Müller brothers did well to slim down the old airhead, ditching the original bodywork save for the fuel tank. There's now a front fender, airbox hole cover and ‘S' fairing from Boxer Cafe. The headlight slots neatly in, capped off with a mesh guard.
Out back, the subframe's been completely redesigned. The bike now rides on an under-seat, dual shock setup—an idea that Shaun freely admits was inspired by Bryan Fuller's incredible Super Duc scrambler.
There's a short leather seat up top, with an embedded LED that handles both tail light and turn signal duties. At first glance the extreme kick in the rear gives the BMW a slightly goofy stance—but with a rider on it, it starts to make sense.
“On the drawing board we wanted to build a bike for the track,” explains Shaun. “A riding stance that would be course-ready—not made for the daily rider in stop and go traffic.”
So we now have clip-on bars and Oshmo rear-sets designed to keep the rider low, while the seat hugs them close to the bike.
The sporty stance only tells half the story though. The brothers rebuilt the 37-year-old motor, treating it to a pair of Mikuni VM34 carbs. The airbox is gone, replaced by a pair of brass-screened velocity stacks. Twin stainless steel mufflers from Cone Engineering round out the engine package.
For the cockpit, the guys fitted a Tommaselli throttle, Brookes leather grips, a digital Koso combination speedo and tacho, and Posh Japan mini handlebar switches.
They've relocated the front brake master cylinder to the bars from its original spot under the fuel tank. New brake lines from Goodridge have also been installed and the tires are grippy Avon RoadRiders.
When it was time to paint the bike, Federal turned to Mario Andretti for inspiration—notably their ‘Number Five' Lotus 77 Formula 1 car. Nicolas Lama worked up a John Player Special-style design, and VP Automotive of Atlanta applied the paint.
The engine and wheels were finished in black, with the fork springs redone in gold to match. And if you're trying to spot the battery, it's a tiny Shorai lithium-ion unit, hidden in a box under the transmission.
It's compact and ripped, and must be a blast to ride. We reckon Federal Moto USA haven't just hit the bar set by their Canadian counterparts—they've raised it.
Your move, Canada.
Federal Moto | Images by Daniel Peter
UPDATE: 7:23 p.m. AMBER ALERT CANCELLED: LOCATED! Farah has been located in Frederick County.  They are SAFE and is in the process of being reunited with their mother. We wish to thank the public and the media for their assistance in helping to quickly locate them
Detectives from the Montgomery County Police Special Victims Investigations Division are asking for the public's assistance in locating a missing 15-month-old girl. An Amber Alert has been issued for the missing toddler.
Today at approximately 8:00 a.m., Farah Eva Muhammed was taken by their father from their mother's home located in the 18900 block of Smoothstone Way in Montgomery Village. Farah is described as a black female, weighing 23 pounds with brown eyes and black hair.  They are wearing small, round earrings.
The child's father, Jason Winston Kelly, who may also go by the Muslim name of Ishmael, took Farah from the Montgomery Village residence.
Jason Kelly was last seen driving a white Hyundai Santa-Fe with a Maryland temporary tag of 453577T. Jason Kelly is 39 years old and is described as a black male, 6'1” tall, and weighing 189 pounds. They have light skin and is bald with a beard.
Anyone who has information regarding the whereabouts of Farah Eva Muhammed or Jason Winston Kelley is asked to call 9-1-1. Callers may remain anonymous.
RLG
William Sherman thought their mind was playing tricks on them when they recently picked up a box of Cheerios at the supermarket and noticed it was lighter than usual.
So was a carton of Tropicana orange juice. And a tub of Breyers ice cream. Even a canister of Folgers coffee felt strangely airy. It was as if all their favorite household brands had conspired overnight to shave a few ounces from their products.
"The boxes aren't as full as they used to be," said Sherman, 69, a retiree from Springfield. "You're getting less and you're paying more."
As commodity and energy costs have climbed, many household brands have quietly downsized their products — a change often disguised by wily packaging design — while holding their prices steady.
The result, experts say, is a hidden price increase that has gone largely undetected by the average shopper.
A recent study by Consumer Reports highlighted 10 popular products that shrank by as much as 20 percent, including Kraft American cheese, Haagen-Dazs ice cream, Classico pesto sauce, Scott toilet paper, Hebrew National beef franks and Lanacane first aid spray.
In some cases, like with Ivory dish detergent, which was reduced to 24 ounces from 30 ounces, products actually appeared larger after downsizing.
"It's a pretty smart way of doing it, actually," said Brian Wansink, director of the Food and Brand Lab at Cornell University. "Most consumers buy cereal but don't know how much cereal is in the box."
While shoppers might not catch a few missing Cheerios, they do notice when their grocery items cross certain price points, just as they do for gasoline, Wansink said. That's why food manufacturers have learned they're more likely to retain customers if they reduce volume instead of passing along price increases.
In recent years, Kellogg and General Mills have reduced the size of some of their cereals by a few ounces without cutting prices correspondingly.
Last year, Tropicana announced it was effectively raising prices by shrinking its trademark orange juice carton to 59 ounces, from 64 ounces, citing a winter freeze that damaged crops.
What's more, analysts said, they expect the trend will only intensify in light of a recent wave of global events that has sent basic food commodities like wheat, corn and coffee soaring to record high prices.
Global food prices rose for eight straight months before peaking at a record high in February, according a monthly index by the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization, which tracks data for sugar, cereals, dairy, oils and meat products. Officials blamed rising oil prices and extreme weather in countries like Russia, which banned grain exports after experiencing its worst drought in a century. In the United States, food prices are now 2.9 percent higher compared to a year ago, according to the latest Consumer Price Index figures.
This puts food manufacturers in a bind, because they know consumers are hyper-aware when it comes to price hikes at the supermarket. Americans spend just under 10 percent of their income on food, and they don't like to see food costs rise faster than their salaries, said Harry Balzer, a food industry analyst with NPD Group in Chicago.
"Food brands know nothing changes people's behavior faster than food prices," Balzer said. "So the question for them is, ‘How do I remain a part of your diet without raising prices?' "
That means more companies could be forced to reduce the "fill level" for products, or alternatively, change their ingredients altogether, they said. Some might also launch aggressive promotions to encourage customers to buy in bulk.
Consumers do have some recourse. To ensure shoppers are getting the best value for their dollar, the New Jersey Food Council recommends using the price-per-unit labels many supermarkets post near items. These break down a product's price by weight, making packaging immaterial.
"We endorse its usefulness and strongly encourage all consumers to use it," said Linda Doherty, president of the group, which represents 1,200 supermarkets, grocers and convenience stores in the state. "The purchasing power of the customer is a concern as in any business model."
Disproportionate price hikes are nothing new in the food industry. Take the Hershey Bar, for example. In 1908, the American staple weighed about half an ounce and cost just 2 cents.
By last year, its weight had tripled while its price had multiplied almost 50 times to just under $1, according to Morris County Library director Lynne Olver, who has been researching food prices for more than a decade. Kellogg Corn Flakes and Nabisco Oreo cookies have undergone similar weight-to-price increases.
But companies are coming up with increasingly savvy marketing and design techniques to cloak their changes, they said. Many snack companies, for instance, are boasting "100-calorie packs" that are filled with a lot of air.
"People aren't doing the math," said Olver, who keeps a running log of food prices on their blog, Foodtimeline.org. "Though smaller packages generally cost more per ounce, most people don't normally look at that. They just look at the price on the package, and that's what companies are banking on."
Still, some argue there are at least a few benefits to smaller serving sizes, such as less waste and healthier eating habits.
Americans waste on average 14 percent of the food they purchase, said Wansink, the Cornell food expert. In addition, seven in 10 consumers are eating less because of the smaller portions now available at supermarkets and restaurants, they said.
"For most consumers, I don't think it's really that big of a deal," they said. "If they don't know, they don't care."
But consumers like Sherman disagree. Over the last decade, they said he's watched their weekly grocery bill creep up faster than the rate of inflation, from $80 to more than $100.
In order to compensate for the price hikes, they recently switched to store brand ice cream and cereal. He's convinced fellow shoppers might do the same, if they only
knew.
"I'm not the only one being cheated — so is every consumer going into the supermarket," they said. "Something should be done."
Leslie Kwoh: (973) 392-4147 or lkwoh@starledger.com.
The Sugiharas - Orthodox Christians The Sugiharas - Orthodox Christians We [Journey to Orthodoxy] will have more on Chiune Sugihara in the future.
In Greek, the word, “xeno,” denotes someone who is a “stranger,” someone that is not one of us, someone outside our culture. This is the root of the the word “xenophobia,” fear of stranger. But it is also the root of a beautiful Greek Tradition that transforms that word, “xeno,” into a virtue that participates in the divine, “philoxenia,” love of stranger. The reason this tradition, “philoxenia,” participates in the divine is because the scriptures tell us,
You see, at just the right time, when we were still powerless, Christ died for the ungodly [those estranged to God]. Very rarely will anyone die for a righteous person, though for a good person someone might possibly dare to die. But God demonstrates their own love for us in this: While we were still sinners [strangers to God], Christ died for us (Romans 5:6-8).
In the Gospel of Matthew 25:35-45, Christ tells us that at the Final Judgment, our entry into Paradise will depend on how well we welcomed the stranger (“xenos”), because They identify Himself with the xeno.
In the following story, our central characters, Mr. and Mrs. Chiune Sugihara, participate in and embody that divine virtue of “philoxenia,” the beautiful Greek Tradition of welcoming and loving the stranger.
Nothing is more un–Christian and frankly disturbing than to hear someone in church foolishly saying,
“Who's the ‘xeno' sitting in the back?”
or
“What's that ‘black person'” or ‘Mexican' doing here, this is a Greek church. They should go to their own church.”
It makes us uncomfortable seeing these comments in print but many of us Orthodox Christians have heard similar remarks made over the years in some of our parishes. Orthodox Christianity is universal. It has believers of every ethnic and racial background and encompasses a multiculturalism expressed in one true and undefiled faith. It is the “One Holy Catholic and Apostolic Church” as clearly articulated in the Nicean-Constantinopolitan Creed we recite in the Divine Liturgy every Sunday. St. Paul states it clearly in their Epistle to the Galatians 3:28:
There is neither Jew nor Greek. There is neither slave nor free. There is neither male nor female; for you are all one in Christ Jesus.
It was never made clearer to me than in mid-November 1997. I received an invitation from then-Mayor Richard Riordan to attend a reception at their residence honoring Yukiko Sugihara of Japan. It must be a mistake, I thought. What do I have to do with this unknown person and why is the mayor inviting me to an event honoring someone whose name was not a part of my universe?
Being new to L.A. and wanting to get involved in the community, I accepted the invitation. It would give me an opportunity to get to know the mayor close-up, since I would need their help with projects I had in mind for the St. Sophia Neighborhood. The mayor greeted me enthusiastically and led me directly to meet Mrs. Yukiko Sugihara. I passed through a crowd of at least 100 people recognizing a few clergy and rabbis I had met on other occasions.
Mrs. Sugihara was a dignified elderly lady of small stature with kind, humble eyes and a gentle smile. They spoke no English and, through an interpreter, I was introduced to them as the Greek Orthodox priest of Los Angeles. I extended my hand to them in greeting. They took it and kissed it in the Orthodox manner. I was moved, shocked and at the same time humbled to the core by this act from a person I perceived to be as far away from Orthodoxy as I could imagine.
Before I could speak with her, the mayor explained that the reason for the reception was to honor this lady and their late husband, Chiune Sugihara. Mayor Riordan told the following story: In March 1939, Japanese Consul- General Chiune Sugihara was sent to Kaunas, Lithuania, to open a consulate service. Kaunas, the temporary capital at the time, and was strategically situated between Germany and the Soviet Union.
Hitler invaded Poland on Sept. 1, 1939 and Britain and France's declared war. Chiune Sugihara had barely settled down in their new post when a wave of Jewish refugees streamed into Lithuania. They brought with them chilling tales of Nazi atrocities against the Jewish population. They escaped from Poland without possessions or money. One summer morning in late July 1940, Consul Sugihara and their family awakened to a crowd of Polish Jewish refugees gathered outside the consulate. Desperate to flee the approaching Nazis, the refugees knew their only path lay to the east.
If Consul Sugihara granted them Japanese transit visas, they could obtain Soviet exit visas and race to possible freedom. Sugihara was moved by their plight, but had no authority to issue hundreds of visas without permission from the Foreign Ministry in Tokyo. They wired their government three times for permission to issue the visas and was denied three times.
Sugihara had a difficult decision to make. They were a man trained in the strict and traditional discipline of the Japanese and was bound by the traditional obedience they had been taught all their life, but they also are a religious man taught to help those in need. They knew that if they defied their superiors' orders they would be fired and disgraced and would result in extreme embarrassment and financial hardship for them and their family. Chiune and their wife feared for their lives and those of their children.
In the end, they followed their consciences and religious beliefs.
For 29 days Mr. and Mrs. Sugihara sat for endless hours writing and signing visas by hand. Hour and hour, day after day, for these three weeks, they wrote and signed more than 300 visas a day, normally a month's work. Hundreds of applicants became thousands as they worked to grant as many visas as possible before being forced to close the consulate and leave Lithuania.
The consul continued issuing documents from their train window until the train departed for Berlin on Sept. 1, 1940. After receiving their visas, the refugees lost no time in getting on trains to Vladivostok. From there, most continued on to Shanghai, China. Thousands of Polish Jews with Sugihara visas survived. As many as 6,000 refugees reached Japan, China and other countries in the following months.
They had escaped the Holocaust.
Through a strange twist of history, they owed their lives to a Japanese man and their family. The Japanese government unceremoniously dismissed Chiune Sugihara from the diplomatic service. Their career as a diplomat was over. For the last two decades of their life, they worked as a manager for an export company. This was their fate because they dared to save thousands of human beings from certain death.
More than 70 years after those 29 fateful days in 1940, there may be more than 40,000 who owe their lives to Chiune and Yukiko Sugihara. It was not until 1969 that Sugihara was found by a man they had helped save, Yehoshua Nishiri. Soon, hundreds of others came forward and testified to the Yad Vashem (Holocaust Memorial) in Israel about their life-saving acts of courage.
After gathering testimonies from survivors around the world, the Yad Vashem Martyrs Remembrance Authority in Jerusalem, in 1985, bestowed upon them Israel's highest honor, “Righteous among the Nations.” Being near death and too ill to travel to Israel, their wife and son accepted the honor on their behalf.
Forty–five years after they signed the visas, Sugihara was asked why they did it. They liked to give two reasons:
“They were human beings and they needed help,” they said.
The other reason they gave and they were always fond of saying it,
“I may have to disobey my government but I can't disobey God.”
They told the journalist interviewing them that they were an Orthodox Christian. Now I understood why Mayor Riordan had invited me to the reception and why Mrs. Sugihara, Greek Orthodox herself, kissed my hand.
Events like these remind me that there is no such person as a Xeno. God loved the world that they gave Theirs only begotten Son that whoever believes in Him shall not perish but have life everlasting.
No matter how well Kris Bryant does this year or throughout their career, they will always have doubters. Enter White Sox mascot Hawk Harrelson.
During Thursday night's White Sox-Twins game, Harrelson, who somehow is still the TV announcer for the White Sox,​ went on a little rant about Kris Bryant. Although Bryant is having a great season, Hawk still doesn't think he's any better than Harrelson's third baseman, Todd Frazier.
Harrelson commented that while Bryant has a higher batting average, they only has two more home runs and seven more RBIs than Frazier, and that "batting averages can really be skewed." They even went on to say that Frazier is better than Bryant defensively. Allow me to pick my jaw up off the floor.
Also important to note the White Sox are losing to the last place Twins here.
Now any baseball fan will tell you that Kris Bryant is obviously having a better season than Todd Frazier.​​ Harrelson is just jealous that their White Sox don't have a group of young studs like the Cubs do, such as Bryant and Anthony Rizzo, to name a few. Literally, that's a few, and the Cubs have a million more.
It's hard being a Homer of a team that's always terrible.
The White Sox currently sit in fourth place in the AL Central, of course, while the crosstown rival Cubs are in first place in the NL Central and are favorites to win the World Series. The difference between the teams is that the Cubs rebuilt their team with young players and waited for them to develop, while the White Sox still think they have a good enough team to contend for the playoffs and have players that are underperforming.
Oh yeah: they also have the second-best third baseman in their own city. Which is decent, I guess.
Bill would limit Pennsylvania's ability to regulate methane
Marie Cusick Bio Recent Stories As the Harrisburg reporter for StateImpact Pennsylvania, Marie Cusick covers energy and environmental issues for public radio stations statewide. She's also part of NPR's energy and environment team, which coordinates coverage between the network and select member station reporters around the country. Them work frequently airs on NPR shows including Morning Edition, All Things Considered, and Weekend Edition. Since 2012, Marie has closely followed the political, social, environmental, and economic effects of Pennsylvania's natural gas boom. Them work has been recognized at the regional and national levels– honors include a Sigma Delta Chi Award from the Society of Professional Journalists and a national Edward R. Murrow Award from the Radio Television Digital News Association. Previously, Marie was a multimedia reporter for WMHT in Albany, New York and covered technology for the station's statewide public affairs TV show, New York NOW. In 2018, they became StateImpact's first FAA-licensed drone pilot.
Joe Ulrich / WITF
Editor's Picks
A bill recently proposed in the state Senate seeks to limit the Wolf administration's efforts to reduce methane emissions from the oil and gas industry.Methane is the main component of natural gas; it's a potent greenhouse gas that contributes to global climate change. SB 1327 was recently referred to the Senate Environmental Resources and Energy Committee. It would prevent state environmental regulators from creating regulations that would be more stringent than those recently put forth by their federal counterparts at the Environmental Protection Agency.Sen. Guy Reschenthaler (R- Allegheny) is the prime sponsor. In a memo to their fellow lawmakers , they say the state Department of Environmental Protection's efforts to go beyond the EPA would create a duplicative, confusing, and costly patchwork of standards.“These actions harm job creation and discourage capital investment across the Commonwealth, all while providing little if any tangible environmental benefit for our communities,” Reschenthaler wrote.Earlier this year Governor Tom Wolf announced the DEP would tackle methane emissions by creating a new general permit for Marcellus Shale wellpads. The agency is also drafting new regulations to curb leaks from existing sources such as compressor stations and wellpads, which are expected to be finalized by the end of next year.“Governor Wolf does not support this legislation,” says their spokesperson Jeff Sheridan. “Or any attempt to limit DEP's ability to move forward with a plan to reduce emissions of methane, a greenhouse gas that contributes to climate change, and has been implicated in health risks.”Stephanie Catarino Wissman heads the Pennsylvania division of the American Petroleum Institute, a trade group representing the oil and gas industry. They say the group is reviewing the bill with its members.“API embraces proven, sound engineering and operating practices and regulations based on sound science,” Catarino Wissman writes in an email. “Poorly designed policies seeking to address emissions have proven to be regressive on both the state and federal level.”From a climate perspective, natural gas has become an attractive fossil fuel alternative for electric power generation . When burned, natural gas emits about half the carbon pollution compared to coal, which remains the nation's largest source of electricity.However scientists have warned that the methane leaks caused by drilling, transporting, and processing gas could undermine its climate benefits. Recent research has focused on finding the “super-emitters” – places where leaks are significant.Joanne Kilgour who heads the state chapter of the Sierra Club is concerned about the legislation.“The need to act is urgent and Members of the Senate who are supporting this bill are putting political games and corporate polluter's profits ahead of public health and our environment,” they say.
172 SHARES Facebook Twitter Flipboard Stumbleupon Reddit
The canned craft revolution continues worldwide.
The craft beer-in-a-can pioneers are hopping overseas once again to quench international thirst for Oskar Blues Brewery.
After experiencing explosive domestic growth in the past year, achieving 50-state distribution (Montana), Oskar Blues will launch in Puerto Rico, Spain, Chile, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and Belgium by the end of 2016, and in Brazil, New Zealand and Japan in early 2017.
Oskar Blues is currently available in all 50 U.S. states, Washington D.C., the United Kingdom, Ireland, Sweden, parts of Canada and Australia.
“After launching the canned craft beer movement in the U.S. we're ready to push boundaries around the globe.” said Chris Russell, Business Development Director of Oskar Blues. “As American craft beer travels worldwide we want to challenge the perception of cans once again.”
International Distributor Partners:
Australia – Phoenix Beers
Belgium – AmeriCraft
Brazil – The Beer Concept Trading Company
Canada (British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario)
Chile – Global Craft
Ireland – Grand Cru
Japan – Global Craft and Nagano Trading
Luxembourg – AmeriCraft
New Zealand – Global Craft
Puerto Rico – Craft Beer Distributors of Puerto Rico
Spain – Crusat
Sweden – Great Brands
The Netherlands – AmeriCraft
UK – Vertical Drinks Ltd
In 2015, the brewery achieved over 30 percent growth in year-over-year sales and is forecasted to surpass 215,000 BBLS in 2016. This year was highlighted with the opening of a 50,000 square foot brewery in Austin, Texas and a 21,000 square foot expansion in Brevard, North Carolina; doubling its capacity. The continued growth includes the collaborative addition of Cigar City Brewing in Florida, 92% increase in production of Michigan's Perrin Brewing Company and the expansion of Oskar Blues' ancillary brand offerings including B. Stiff & Sons Old Fashioned Sodas, Oskar Blues Fooderies, Hotbox Roasters and REEB Cycles.
About Oskar Blues Brewery
Founded by Dale Katechis in 1997 in Lyons, Colorado, Oskar Blues Brewery launched the craft beer-in-a-can apocalypse with their hand-canned, flagship brew Dale's Pale Ale. Today, Oskar Blues is one of the fastest growing breweries in the country and operates breweries in Longmont, Colorado and Brevard, North Carolina, and now Austin, Texas, while producing 192,000 barrels in 2015. The original canned craft brewery continues push innovation with creations like The Crowler, Hotbox Coffee Roasters, B. Stiff & Sons Old Fashioned Sodas, Oskar Blues Fooderies, and REEB Cycles. Oskar Blues is available in all 50 U.S. states, Washington, D.C., parts of Canada, Puerto Rico Sweden, Spain, Chile, the Netherlands, Belgium, the U.K., Ireland and Australia.
I always like to know what my system is doing, so it's easy to spot when things go wrong for some reason. Til now I relied on some widgets in my XFCE panel, but the info you get there is rather limited.
The defacto standard for live monitoring on Linux desktops is conky. It's endlessly flexible and relatively light on resources. However It's also rather ugly out of the box.
There are a million configurations available on the net, but I wanted something simple that can easily be customized. After few hours of reading and tweaking, here is what I came up with:
And here's the config for that. Feel free to copy and adjust it for your needs.
.conkyrc conky . config = { use_xft = true , xftalpha = 0.8 , update_interval = 1.0 , total_run_times = 0 , own_window = true , own_window_transparent = true , own_window_argb_visual = true , own_window_type = 'normal' , own_window_class = 'conky-semi' , own_window_hints = 'undecorated,below,sticky,skip_taskbar,skip_pager' , background = false , double_buffer = true , imlib_cache_size = 0 , no_buffers = true , uppercase = false , cpu_avg_samples = 2 , override_utf8_locale = true , -- placement alignment = 'top_left' , gap_x = 140 , gap_y = 25 , -- default drawing_shades = false , draw_outline = false , draw_borders = false , draw_graph_borders = true , default_bar_width = 150 , default_bar_height = 5 , default_graph_width = 150 , default_graph_height = 12 , default_gauge_width = 20 , default_gauge_height = 20 , -- colors font = 'Liberation Mono:size=10' , default_color = 'EEEEEE' , color1 = 'AABBFF' , color2 = 'FF993D' , color3 = 'AAAAAA' , -- layouting template0 = [ [ $ { font Liberation Sans : bold : size = 11 } $ { color2 } \ 1 $ { color3 } $ { hr 2 } $ { font } ] ] , template1 = [ [ $ { color1 } \ 1 ] ] , template2 = [ [ $ { goto 100 } $ { color } ] ] , template3 = [ [ $ { goto 180 } $ { color } $ { alignr } ] ] , } ; conky . text = [ [ $ { template0 Info } $ { template1 Date } $ { template3 } $ { color3 } $ { time % a , } $ { color } $ { time % e % B % G } $ { template1 Time } $ { template3 } $ { time % T } $ { template0 System } $ { template1 Hostname } $ { template3 } $ { nodename } $ { template1 $ { sysname } } $ { template3 } $ { kernel } - $ { machine } $ { template1 Uptime } $ { template3 } $ { uptime_short } $ { template1 CPU } $ { template3 } $ { freq_g } GHz $ { template1 CPU\ Temperature } $ { template3 } $ { acpitemp } °C $ { template1 HDD\ Temperature } $ { template3 } $ { hddtemp / dev / sda } °C $ { template0 Processors } $ { template1 Load } $ { template2 } $ { loadavg 1 } $ { template3 } $ { loadgraph } $ { template1 Core\ 1 } $ { template2 } $ { cpu cpu1 } % $ { template3 } $ { cpubar cpu1 } $ { template1 Core\ 2 } $ { template2 } $ { cpu cpu2 } % $ { template3 } $ { cpubar cpu2 } $ { template1 Core\ 3 } $ { template2 } $ { cpu cpu3 } % $ { template3 } $ { cpubar cpu3 } $ { template1 Core\ 4 } $ { template2 } $ { cpu cpu4 } % $ { template3 } $ { cpubar cpu4 } $ { template1 Top } $ { template2 } $ { top name 1 } $ { template3 } $ { top cpu 1 } $ { template0 Memory } $ { template1 Memory } $ { template2 } $ { memperc } % used $ { template3 } $ { mem } / $ { memmax } $ { template3 } $ { membar } $ { template1 Top } $ { template2 } $ { top_mem name 1 } $ { template3 } $ { top_mem mem_vsize 1 } $ { template0 Filesystem } $ { template1 / } $ { template2 } $ { fs_free / } free $ { template3 } $ { fs_used / } / $ { fs_size / } $ { template3 } $ { fs_bar / } $ { template1 IO\ Read } $ { template2 } $ { diskio_read } $ { template3 } $ { diskiograph_read } $ { template1 IO\ Write } $ { template2 } $diskio_write $ { template3 } $diskiograph_write $ { template1 Top } $ { template2 } $ { top_io name 1 } $ { template3 } $ { top_io io_perc 1 } % $ { template0 Networking } $ { if_existing / proc / net / route wlan0 } \ $ { template1 IP } $ { template3 } $ { addr wlan0 } $ { template1 AP } $ { template3 } $ { wireless_essid wlan0 } $ { template1 Signal } $ { template2 } $ { wireless_link_qual_perc wlan0 } $ { template3 } $ { wireless_link_bar wlan0 } $ { template1 Download } $ { template2 } $ { downspeed wlan0 } $ { template3 } $ { downspeedgraph wlan0 } $ { template1 Upload } $ { template2 } $ { upspeed wlan0 } $ { template3 } $ { upspeedgraph wlan0 } $ { template1 Total Down / Up } $ { template3 } $ { totaldown wlan0 } ↓ / { totalup wlan0 } ↑ $ { else } $ { if_existing / proc / net / route eth0 } \ $ { template1 Ip } $ { template3 } $ { addr eth0 } $ { template1 Download } $ { template2 } $ { downspeed eth0 } $ { template3 } $ { downspeedgraph eth0 } $ { template1 Upload } $ { template2 } $ { upspeed eth0 } $ { template3 } $ { upspeedgraph eth0 } $ { template1 Total Down / Up } $ { template3 } $ { totaldown eth0 } ↓ / $ { totalup eth0 } ↑ $ { endif } $ { endif } \ ] ] ;
Now I just wish I could find something similar for Windows. Tips welcome.
An organization of Walmart workers is planning a series of strikes next week that they hope will paralyze the world's largest retailer on the biggest shopping day of the year.
Employees will stage 1,000 unique protests around the country on Black Friday, a United Food and Commercial Workers Union (UFCW) official said on a conference call Thursday afternoon. The events, most of which will take place at Walmart stores, will include walkouts, flash mobs, and "educating" shoppers on the workers' plight.
"We're seeing unprecedented support. In my 20 years of organizing I've never seen this kind of activity," said Dan Schlademan, Director of the UFCW's Making Change at Walmart campaign. "It's going to be a very creative day."
The strikers' diverse complaints center around what they call Walmart's "retaliation" against workers' attempts to organize. The company, according to the strikers, punishes employees who talk about unions or join in labor groups by cutting their hours or finding excuses to terminate them. As the largest private employeer in America and the world, Walmart sets the standards for labor conditions in the retail industry.
The strikers' demands, however, are amorphous at best. Beyond ending its fight to prevent workers from forming unions all together, it's unclear exactly what Walmart could do to appease the disgruntled employees. Walmart has regularly referred to the strikes as "publicity stunts."
Some workers have already begun to strike. On Thursday, workers at a Walmart store in Seattle walked off the job. On Wednesday, workers at a San Leandro, Calif., store also went on strike, as did others employed at a Riverdale, Calif., warehouse contracted by Walmart. On Thursday, six supporters who were not themselves employed at the warehouse were arrested after they sat down in the middle of a road outside the building where workers were striking.
The strikes began in October, when, for the first time ever, Walmart retail workers walked off the job at 28 stores around the country. While those strikes were historic, they were hardly far-reaching -- about 160 people went on strike, a minuscule percentage of Walmart's 1.4 million U.S. workers. This time around, OUR Walmart, the UFCW-backed worker group that is organizing the strikes, is vowing to be more disruptive.
Over the past month, OUR Walmart has recruited more people through social media campaigns. Strikers are finding each other through the group's Facebook page and Twitter hashtag #walmartstrikers. An online platform also allows supporters to "sponsor" strikers by donating money.
According to Schlademan, many Black Friday events will also occur online, in addition to the 1000-some actions planned around the country. Workers are planning to strike in Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, Miami, Milwaukee, Washington D.C., Oklahoma, Mississippi, Louisiana and Minnesota, a UFCW official said on the call.
The call also included Walmart workers, who explained why they personally planned to strike. Charlene Fletcher, an employee from Duarte, Calif., choked up with tears as they told reporters how much they "wanted to stand up and make a sacrifice."
“No matter how hard we work, my husband and I can't catch up on our bills," Fletcher said.
When Reddit user freckledsmile posted a link to Angelo Merendino's photo essay of their wife Jennifer's battle with breast cancer, they moved even the most stoic of Redditors to tears. "I've never once cried from something I found on Reddit. Not until now... I think I'm actually sobbing," wrote one. "Wow. Just wow. Powerful," wrote another.
Merendino, a New York-based photographer, describes the photo essay as an attempt to "humanize the face of cancer." They write that the photographs "show the challenge, difficulty, fear, sadness and loneliness" and that "most important of all, they show our love."
Despite the devastating prevalence of cancer -- it's hard to find anyone who has not been touched in some way by the disease -- it is often difficult to humanize it, to imagine the reality of living with it every day. I think back to the moments I have averted my eyes from a woman with a scarf-colored head -- as if looking at them -- as if really seeing them -- somehow made it too real. But it is real. It is all too real.
"People turn away from the day-to-day of cancer a little more which I understand. It's painful," Merendino told The Huffington Post. "Before Jen and I went through this, I didn't know what it was like either." Though they initially planned on showing the photos only to their family, they said that they and Jen ultimately "chose to face it head on and put the information out there if people want it."
The site and the incredible response -- which Merendino calls "humbling" -- has had the unexpected effect giving them "great comfort and strength" in the year-and-a-half since Jennifer passed away.
"It at least makes me feel like we made something positive out of something horrible."
LOOK: Angelo Merendino's Photos Of Their Wife Jennifer
MORE PHOTOS:
PHOTO GALLERY Angelo Merendino's Photos of Jennifer
For more about Jennifer, visit Angelo Merendino's Facebook page.
If there's one thing Rugby Canada's men's sevens program has re-discovered in the 2016-17 season, it's late-game pluck.
And on Friday night under the lights of Las Vegas' Sam Boyd Stadium at the USA Sevens, what an opponent to display that re-found guts against: arch-nemesis Wales.
Last season, the Canadians played Wales at nearly World Rugby Sevens Series event, and nearly every time, the Welsh came away victorious. On this Friday, Canada pulled out a glorious win, one they really needed, both for positioning but also for the spirit.
“We like to make it hard for ourselves sometimes,” captain Harry Jones said at the end of the day, with a tone of relief. “Great to see the boys grinding hard out there.
They'd opened the day with a battling but ultimately frustrating 26-7 loss to the South Africans. That's nothing to sniff at: the South Africans are far and away the strongest side on the series this season.
John Moonlight, who led the team out in honour of their 53rd tournament appearance, a Canadian record, scored the game's first try, powering through the South African defence. But given an inch, South Africa will take the whole store. In this case that meant four well-taken tries. The Canadians played well, but against a deep opponent, you can't afford mistakes.
The loss in the opener meant Canada needed a win over Wales to have any hope of snatching the second cup quarterfinals qualifying spot; they'd still need a win Saturday when they close out the group against France.
They got the job done. It was a searing encounter, with both teams laying in big hits and rucking with power.
Canada opened the scoring on a brilliant solo effort by Nate Hirayama, moments after teammate Pat Kay was sent to the sin bin. A pass off a Canadian lineout found Hirayama in space, and a side step found them clear, even though the Canadians were down a man to the Welsh.
With Kay still in the bin, Wales eventually found a gap and levelled the scores. But Canada were humming with ball in hand.
They took the lead into the half time break after a wonderful cross-field kick-pass by Kay found Mike Fuailefau, who drew a defender before putting a nice pass in the hands of a streaking Justin Douglas.
The see-saw battle continued in the second half with Wales striking first. Captain Sam Cross blasted clear for a try, nudging their team into a 14-12 lead.
Canada scored on their next possession. Wales threw some big hits but couldn't dislodge Canada from possession. Eventually Hirayama and Phil Berna, back in the lineup after missing two tournaments with a broken elbow, found themselves out on the right. Berna manhandled the attempted Welsh tackle before making a spectacular dive for the line and the try. Hirayama missed the extras; Canada led by the slimmest of margins 17-14.
You just knew it might not be enough. It wasn't quite. Wales went on the attack. They made a break. They couldn't get a clean pass off. There was a minute to go — and on a loose ball, Moonlight reached out and knocked down a pass. The ball looked to bounce back Canada's way, but the referee instead felt it was a cynical play and flashed a yellow card.
Down to six men, just metres from their line, you knew Canada needed a big play to make a stop. They couldn't quite, and the Welsh were back in the lead, with second to play. Canada was still down to six.
On the ensuing re-start, Canada calmly collected the ball and the remaining six went to work, needing to go more than 60 metres for a game-winning try.
Somehow they forced penalties out of the Welsh. The second one, already deep into stoppage time, looked like a chance for the Canadians to kick to touch and get a breather. Instead, Moonlight's yellow card time expired and they hustled on to the field. The return lifted the Canadian spirit and instead of kicking, Hirayama took a quick tap penalty.
Need some good news today? How about this win at the whistle by @NHirayama10 @ThomasFuly and the 7s team against Wales. pic.twitter.com/uAmdIFhpay — BC Rugby News (@BCRugbyNews) March 4, 2017
A furious attacking sequence was ended by a Fuailefau try, after Hirayama had made a break that was brought to a halt metres from the line.
It was a win. A sensational win. A win that the Canadians needed.
On Saturday, there's that showdown with France. A win there puts them in the cup quarters. That alone will set them up well for next week in Vancouver. The rest will be gravy.
💪 Pumped up on their 50th tournament appearance, Branco Du Preez takes on Canada's 120kg Adam Zaruba pic.twitter.com/xUeE1HUvQ3 — World Rugby Sevens (@WorldRugby7s) March 4, 2017
Zaruba out
It was a thunderous tackle. It was probably the play of the game. And it looks to have knocked Adam Zaruba out of the USA Sevens.
The big Canadian winger was in space, with just the covering Branco Du Preez in theirs way.
Zaruba is nearly twice the weight of the little South African playmaker, but no matter, this time the little guy won. It was a marvellous tackle and perhaps one that caught the big man by surprise. You wonder what might have happened if instead of looking to deflect Du Preez away, Zaruba hadn't instead cut back into their running line.
Zaruba didn't make the start list for the Wales game. Berna started in their place and Caleb Jordan, who travelled as the 13th man, designated as an injury replacement, was added to the squad.
With Zaruba's home town tournament next week, one hopes the move is only precautionary.
pjohnston@postmedia.com
twitter.com/risingaction
facebook.com/tryandtackle
In a witty, optimistic, and passionate speech that showed why they are the politician in D.C. that most resonates with the Tea Party and conservative grassroots, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX) on Thursday said they believed Obamacare will be completely repealed.
“I am absolutely convinced that we are going to repeal every single word of Obamacare,” Cruz, a potential presidential contender who is leading among Tea Party voters in nearly every 2016 presidential poll, said to a standing ovation.
Speaking at an event honoring the five-year anniversary of the Tea Party movement that was sponsored by the Tea Party Patriots, Cruz said that Democrats are “running fast from Obamacare.” They noted even the late-night comedians have turned on the disastrous law that they have worked relentlessly to try to defund.
They quipped that they were repeating themselves when speaking about not listening to what Democrats and the media have to say and even impersonated Jay Leno's mockery of Obamacare. But their main message, consistent with what they have said before, is that a grassroots revolution similar to the one that ushered in President Ronald Reagan after Jimmy Carter's failed domestic and foreign policies in the late 1970s is stirring outside of the Beltway today.
They mentioned the victories on gun control that the grassroots enjoyed last year and the pressure they put on politicians to defund Obamacare, which was ultimately unsuccessful because the GOP establishment was never on board with the plan. Cruz also said that the movement that focuses on free-market principles, limited government, and getting back to the Constitution scares politicians because it seeks to hold them accountable.
“There is nothing that scares politicians more than the people gathered in this room,” Cruz said. “Liberty is never safer than when politicians are terrified.”
They said the Tea Party movement that “rocketed into existence” is the “most exciting political development in decades” because it is not a “top-down” movement.
“It arose from the people,” Cruz said, noting that the Tea Party movement confuses the Washington establishment because there is not a single pooh-bah it can co-opt.
Cruz said the Tea Party movement is an organic one and, as they found out when they started their upstart and eventually successful Senate bid, one has to put a lot of miles on the car to get the movement's support. The response in the room showed why besides Sarah Palin, whom Cruz said they would not be in the Senate without, Cruz may be the figure that resonates most with grassroots conservatives, particularly in places like Iowa and South Carolina which host the first presidential nominating contest.
Cruz said the “grassroots revolution that is sweeping the country” has made them hopeful and optimistic about the future of the country, despite where President Barack Obama is trying to take it.
I was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints as a kid. You might recognize this church by their more commonly known nickname of Mormon. Perhaps you even recognize the name from the broadway musical titled The Book of Mormon, which takes a rather humorous look at the faith. Or maybe you're thinking, “Mormons, I know them. They are the people that have nine wives and the women wear their hair in that weird bouffant.” Let me correct you there: The Latter-Day Saints (LDS) are not those people.
LDS people pride themselves on values orbiting around family, missionary work, helping others, and obeying the word of wisdom, which means no alcohol, tobacco or coffee. They are all around good people. But, they are also the church that spent 20 million on the Prop 8 fight to ban gay marriage in 2008. And more recently, they are the church that came out with a policy stating any children raised by gay parents are not allowed to be baptized until they are 18 years old, and they must agree that same-sex marriage is wrong. Basically, these kids must disown their parents.
I assume this came as a blow to many members who wanted to be able to love their church and themselves, and I can relate. In my own life, I went through a similar experience of feeling like I had to choose between my church and my truth.
It was the late 1990s, and I was a teenager at the time, questioning my sexuality while also realizing that I did not fully fit in with the LDS way of life. I had never met another person who was openly gay, let alone one who was raised Mormon, but during that time, Ellen DeGeneres was stirring up controversy for coming out on TV, and I was secretly taping all of the episodes. Still, this was long before "It Gets Better” and “NOH8” campaigns were on billboards and the Internet. There was no Google or YouTube. No cell phones or video chat. I had limited resources of how to find other people possibly going through what I was going through.
I was conflicted with guilt about not wanting to marry a returned missionary—as many women in LDS do—so I pushed my daydreams about Neve Cambpell to the side, continuing to go to church every Sunday and attend my youth group. This was my life as a closeted gay teen before there was an abundance of mainstream visibility and okay-ness to be open.
Once I got to college, I quickly began to realize that neither the Gavin Rossdale poster on my dorm room nor my boyfriend were going to make me feel any differently about the opposite sex. I was coming to terms with what I had always known but chose to avoid out of fear of being different. I was gay. And I was afraid of hurting my family, especially those who were still active in the church.
Even though I had stopped going to church when I was 18 and began living my life authentically, that did not stop the missionaries from knocking on my door and encouraging me to come back and accept the gospel into my life again. On one such occasion, while I was living with my girlfriend, I told them that they did not want me back because I was gay. “Are you sure?” they asked.
Soon after, I received a letter in the mail informing me that I had been excommunicated from the church. Because of who I love, I was no longer worthy enough.
"I told them they did not want me back because I was gay. 'Are you sure?' they asked."
Despite not being active in the church for a few years, I still felt hurt and rejected. I did not expect these feelings, but they were there. I was in mourning, as I was saying goodbye to a religion that had been a major part of my life up until then. It was a religion that I once believed in, even if we did not always see eye-to-eye. But now, the same religion that once told me I was a child of God was now telling me—through a form letter, no less—that I'm not the kind of child of God they want. My sadness turned to anger and I struggled for a long time to regain any faith at all.
Part of my confusion was that I did not understand how a religion that holds such high emphasis on service to others, loving thy neighbor, and abiding by the golden rule, would not accept me for who I am. I was torn between being loved by the church and God and lying to myself. I started to slip away from the faith and became more and more isolated within myself. It was not the LDS members that I had a problem with, or even the values—it was it's unprogressive view of what qualifies as acceptable love.
It's been fifteen years since I came out, and although they are very loving and supportive today, some of my Mormon family had to go through their own process of acceptance and coming to terms with the fact that being gay was not a phase for me. We had to be patient with one another.
And even with our different beliefs, I will always love my LDS friends and family just as they will love me. I do not blame them personally for the things I see in the news or the money the church spends on rejecting my marriage to a woman.
My wife and I just spent Thanksgiving with my Mormon brother and their family, who have always acknowledged our love as true. We are aunties to their kids. They prove to me that there is more than meets the eye when a harsh headline rings out regarding Mormons and the LGBT community—just as I don't represent every gay person in the world, they don't represent every LDS member either. My resentment about being shunned has turned into my own spiritual journey towards a more loving and compassionate life—one that is inspired by a universal truth that everyone shares: In the end, we all want the same things. To be loved, understood, and to feel that we matter. We all want to feel like we belong.
All photos c/o the author, Aja Blue.
Driving Missouri: St. Joe
I haven't been to St. Joseph for almost 20 years. Long time ago St. Joe was the first to get a riverboat casino and it seemed like a good idea to drive for an hour and a half to gamble away my meager earnings. I haven't been back since. Either I wasn't that impressed or more money-wasting venues propped up nearby, whatever the reason, St. Joe just never again appeared on my list of places to visit. Then the Pitch wrote about a new pizza place, the last weekend of nice fall weather was coming up, and suddenly it seemed like why not St. Joe.
St. Joe is famous for its Glore Psychiatric Museum.
Even with the creative use of Barbie-like dolls to illustrate a variety of the psychiatric treatments from the medieval times to well into the 20th century, the place is depressing and creepy. Parts of it makes you feel like you are walking through the set of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest; even though it's one of my top 5 favorite movies, I am not a person who enjoys this kind of scenery.
A small reminder of the Cold War still hangs in the basement…
…next to the hands-on morgue display.
There are other exhibits and collections presented in the museum complex, but the displays were amateurish and lacking. In the end of the tour you can drown out the disturbing thoughts while shopping for souvenirs.
Much less creepy and surprisingly interesting is the Hall Street Historic District where some great old mansions could be seen in various stages of disrepair and restoration.
The one pictured above is the Shakespeare Chateau B&B run by a friendly lady who invited us for a tour; the building looks amazing inside with an impressive 47 stained-glass windows and an amazing restoration job.
Even though there were some interesting buildings in downtown St. Joe we didn't have much time to look for a better vantage point.
Of course I stopped to take a photo of a giant mural…
…and this church sign.
At this point we were ready for pizza.
This post explains why their pizza is different from others you might have tried. Since I used to deliver for Domino's I consider myself a bona fide pizza expert and I judged this pizza delicious. Amazingly it bakes in less than 2 minutes. The restaurant was empty on Sunday night but more customers showed up while we were there.
In the end, St. Joe turned out to be a nice weekend destination and not a depressing hellhole I always imagined it to be, which it may still be on the other days of the week. In that case go straight for the pizza.
Following is the NFL Offseason Workout Program calendar for 2015. Voluntary offseason workout programs are intended to provide training, teaching and physical conditioning for players.
The NFL Offseason Workout Program calendar (dates are tentative and subject to change):
ARIZONA CARDINALS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 19-21, May 26-28, June 1-4
Mandatory Minicamp: June 9-11
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
ATLANTA FALCONS
First Day: April 6
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-27, May 29, June 2-3, June 5, June 9-12
Voluntary Minicamp: April 27-30
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
BALTIMORE RAVENS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 27-29, June 2-4, June 8-9
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-9
BUFFALO BILLS
First Day: April 6
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-27, May 29, June 1, June 3-4, June 8-11
Voluntary Minicamp: April 28-30
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
CAROLINA PANTHERS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 2-4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-9
CHICAGO BEARS
First Day: April 13
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 27-29, June 1-3, June 8-11
Voluntary Minicamp: April 28-30
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
CINCINNATI BENGALS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 2-4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
CLEVELAND BROWNS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-27, May 29, June 1-2, June 4, June 8-9, June 11-12
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
DALLAS COWBOYS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 2-4, June 8-10
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
DENVER BRONCOS
First Day: April 13
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 27-29, June 1-2, June 4, June 15-18
Voluntary Minicamp: April 28-30
Mandatory Minicamp: June 9-11
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-9
DETROIT LIONS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 2-4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
GREEN BAY PACKERS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 27-29, June 2-4, June 9-12
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-9
HOUSTON TEXANS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 1-2, June 4, June 8-9, June 11-12
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
INDIANAPOLIS COLTS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 18-20, May 26-28, June 1-4
Mandatory Minicamp: June 9-11
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
JACKSONVILLE JAGUARS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 1-2, June 4, June 8-9, June 11-12
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
KANSAS CITY CHIEFS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 2-4, June 9-12
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 16-18
MIAMI DOLPHINS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-27, May 29 June 1-2, June 4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
MINNESOTA VIKINGS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 2-4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26, May 28-29, June 1, June 3-4, June 8-9, June 11-12
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
NEW ORLEANS SAINTS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 2-4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 15-17
NEW YORK GIANTS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 27-29, June 1-2, June 4, June 8-9, June 11-12
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
NEW YORK JETS
First Day: April 6
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 19-21, May 26-28, June 2-5
Voluntary Minicamp: April 28-30
Mandatory Minicamp: June 9-11
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
OAKLAND RAIDERS
First Day: April 7
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 19-21, May 26-28, June 1-4
Voluntary Minicamp: April 21-23
Mandatory Minicamp: June 9-11
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
PHILADELPHIA EAGLES
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 1-2, June 4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
PITTSBURGH STEELERS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 2-4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
ST. LOUIS RAMS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: June 2, June 4-5, June 8-9, June 11, June 15-16, June 18-19
Mandatory Minicamp: None
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
SAN DIEGO CHARGERS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 1-3, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 15-17
SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS
First Day: April 7
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 19-21, May 27-29, June 1-2, June 4-5
Voluntary Minicamp: April 28-30
Mandatory Minicamp: June 9-11
Rookie Minicamp: May 16-18
SEATTLE SEAHAWKS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-27, May 29, June 1-2, June 4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 2-4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 8-10
TENNESSEE TITANS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 1-2, June 4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 15-17
WASHINGTON REDSKINS
First Day: April 20
OTA Offseason Workouts: May 26-28, June 2-4, June 8-11
Mandatory Minicamp: June 16-18
Rookie Minicamp: May 15-17
As per Article 21 of the Collective Bargaining Agreement, each club's official, voluntary nine-week offseason program is conducted in three phases:
Phase One consists of the first two weeks of the program with activities limited to strength and conditioning and physical rehabilitation only.
Phase Two consists of the next three weeks of the program. On-field workouts may include individual player instruction and drills as well as team practice conducted on a "separates" basis. No live contact or team offense vs. team defense drills are permitted.
Phase Three consists of the next four weeks of the program. Teams may conduct a total of 10 days of organized team practice activity, or "OTAs". No live contact is permitted, but 7-on-7, 9-on-7, and 11-on-11 drills are permitted.
Article 22 of the Collective Bargaining Agreement stipulates that clubs may hold one mandatory minicamp for veteran players. This minicamp, noted below, must occur during Phase Three of the offseason program.
Head coaches hired after the end of the 2014 season were entitled to conduct an additional voluntary veteran minicamp. Any voluntary minicamp for veteran players must have been conducted prior to the NFL draft (April 30-May 2), but no earlier than week three of the club's offseason workout program and after at least one week of the two weeks of Phase One activities that the clubs may hold pursuant to Article 21. This year, seven clubs held voluntary veteran minicamps, as noted below.
Each club may hold a rookie football development program for a period of seven weeks, which in 2015 may begin on May 11. During this period, no activities may be held on weekends, with the exception of one post-NFL draft rookie minicamp, which may be conducted on either the first or second weekend following the draft. The dates of the post-draft rookie minicamps are noted below.
For specific information and detailed offseason program rules, please see Articles 21 and 22 of the Collective Bargaining Agreement (beginning on page 131), available on NFLCommunications.com.
At least 10 people have died of rabies following an outbreak in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), said Médecins Sans Frontières/Doctors Without Borders (MSF) today.
The outbreak has infected 154 people, including a father and son who were bitten by a member of their own family. The father, 27, and their seven-year-old son, were infected after being bitten by a younger son who was dying of the disease.
Both were treated with an anti-rabies vaccine and given immunoglobulin.
Rabid dog attacks
Dr Jantina Mandelkow, who leads MSF's team in Lemera, in DRC's South Kivu region, said: "I held my breath when I heard that a child dying of rabies had bitten and infected their father and brother - it was horrific.
"It's an impossible situation. Family members would obviously want to be with those who are ill, but when a person has rabies they can be a danger to people around them.
"I've only seen one other case of rabies in my career as a doctor and it was one of the worst things I have ever seen. Rabies leads to death without treatment, and people in Lemera were incredibly scared - many walked for days to get to the hospital for treatment. With vaccinations unavailable elsewhere, they had nowhere else to turn."
MSF's teams have already vaccinated 106 people. If untreated, rabies is invariably fatal, and leads to a slow and painful death.
Patient story “My name is Segemba Soya. I'm 23-years-old. I've got four children. I live in Kigero; it's not very far from the hospital in Lemera. I walked one hour to reach the vaccination site. My kid was playing with their friends when a dog came and bit him. One month after, their health deteriorated. They became constantly thirsty. We thought they were possessed by evil spirits. Then we brought them to the church for prayer. “While praying for them they jumped on me and bit me as I was laying my hands upon their head. I didn't feel any change in my body. People advised us to take them to the hospital. When we arrived at the Bushushu Health Centre, they told us that it's not evil spirits that they suffer from but rabies disease from the dog that had bitten him. Some days after, they died. In my case, I went to the hospital in Lemera to look for medicine. Now my prayer has been answered because I've just been vaccinated against rabies.”
Treating rabies
Treatment involves vaccinating people who have been bitten or scratched by a suspected rabid dog and administering post-exposure treatment where necessary. With vaccinations unavailable in DRC, MSF's team had to order them from Europe before they could start their emergency intervention.
With reports of new bites coming from remote areas, MSF is set to donate vaccines and post exposure treatment to the Ministry of Health so they can treat the remaining cases.
After decades of conflict and instability in DRC, measures to prevent animal-to-human transmission of the virus have not been implemented.
To properly contain the outbreak, MSF is also asking the authorities to provide free vaccinations for domestic animals.
Local people cannot afford the US$6 cost of vaccinations, so have killed animals and dogs who were acting suspiciously. If their bodies are not properly disposed of, they can be eaten by other animals, infecting them with rabies.
Find out more about MSF's work in Democratic Republic of Congo
A pair of security researchers from SR Labs have uncovered a fundamental flaw in the way USB devices work. It affects every single USB device out there and worse yet, there's no line of defense short of prohibiting USB stick sharing or filling your USB ports with superglue.
The flaw that security researchers Karsten Nohl and Jakob Lell plan to present next week at the Black Hat security conference in Las Vegas runs deeper than simply loading a USB drive with malware. Instead, it's built into the core of how the technology works.
After spending several months reverse engineering the firmware that handles the basic communications functions of USB devices, they were able to reprogram the firmware to hide malicious code. This firmware is present on every USB device within the controller chip - the component that facilitates communication between the USB device and the computer it's plugged in to.
By loading malicious code on the firmware, it's essentially hidden from sight. Anti-virus scanners can't pick it up and formatting won't help, either.
To prove their point, the team created a piece of malware called BadUSB that can be used to completely take over a PC, alter files invisibly and even redirect a user's Internet traffic.
And just to be clear, we aren't talking about just USB flash drives but any device that connects via USB: keyboards, mice, smartphones, tablets, you name it. Worst yet, it's nearly impossible to determine if a device has been tampered with. The researchers say there isn't even any trusted USB firmware to compare code against.
Matt Blaze, a computer science professor at the University of Pennsylvania, speculates the attack may already be common practice for the NSA. They point to a spying device called Cottonmouth that was mentioned in one of Edward Snowden's many leaks. Exact details of the device weren't mentioned but the leak claimed the tool hid in a USB peripheral plug.
BALTIMORE (WJZ) — The Maryland Transit Administration says more training may be called for after three MTA officers detained a man for taking pictures at a light rail station.
Pat Warren has more on the incident.
According to the ACLU, this isn't the first time MTA Police have overstepped their bounds.
In a YouTube posting, Christopher Fussell left the camera rolling when they were confronted by three MTA officers for taking pictures at the Baltimore Cultural Light Rail Station.
“It is my understanding that I am free to take pictures as long as it's not for commercial purposes but for personal use,” Fussell said in the video.
“Not on state property, not without proper authorization,” an officer said.
Fussell: “From whom?”
Officer: “Nobody's allowed to take pictures.”
The MTA admits the officers were in error.
“They can most certainly take photos of our system,” Ralign Wells, the MTA Administrator, said.
In addition to being wrong about MTA and state policy, the officer incorrectly cites the Patriot Act.
“Listen, listen to what I'm saying. The Patriot Act says that critical infrastructure, trains, train stations, all those things require certain oversight to take pictures, whether you say they are for personal use or whatever, that's your story,” the officer said.
“So why don't you have any signs posted to say I cannot take pictures?” Fussell said.
“Our officers have become very sensitive post 9/11 and we're trying to see that they understand our passengers and citizens also have a right to take pictures,” Wells said.
The officer eventually threatened to take Fussell into custody.
“Do you have Maryland state identification on you?” the officer asked.
“I am not committing a crime,” Fussell said.
“Sir, I'm going to ask you one last time, then I'm going to take you into custody. Do we understand each other?” the officer said.
The ACLU considers it harassment by the MTA.
“This is not South Africa under apartheid and in this country, police do not have the right to walk up to you and demand you produce identification to them,” said David Rocah, ACLU.
The MTA acknowledges that additional training is in order.
“We'll look at our training processes, we'll look at whether any administrative situations need to occur with those officers,” Wells said.
The ACLU says it's been working with the MTA on this very issue for five years, with no satisfactory result.
Fussell was detained for more than 40 minutes before MTA Police finally let them go on theirs way.
In the canon of H.P. Lovecraft, Azathoth is father and ruler. The so-called Demon Sultan is often accompanied by the sounds of hideous pounding drums and keening mindless piping. They command the Outer Gods from their black throne at the nuclear center of the cosmos. In Lovecraft's series of works known collectively as the Cthulhu Mythos or Dream Cycle, Azathoth is father to Nyarlathotep, grandfather to Yog-Sothoth, and great-great-grandfather to Cthulhu himself.
Following in the mold of Cthulhu (2014), Simon Heath‘s dark ambient netlabel, Cryo Chamber, pays homage to Azathoth with a two-disc collaboration. However, this is not a typical label comp. Like Cthulhu before it, Azathoth is not a compilation of standalone tracks, but two discs of one track each containing the work of all the contributing artists (many from Cryo Chamber) in an unbroken stream of dark ambiance, running over two hours in total length.
Here, then, is a list of all the contributing artists, in alphabetical order: Alphaxone, Alt3r3d Stat3, Apocryphos, Aseptic Void, Atrium Carceri, Cryobiosis, Dark Matter, DarkRad, Dronny Darko, Foundation Hope, Halgrath, Kammarheit, Mystified, Neizvestija, Randal Collier-Ford, Sabled Sun, Sjellos, Svartsinn, Taphephobia, Therradaemon, Wordclock, and Ugasanie.
It's impossible to tell—at least for me, anyway—which artists are responsible for which sounds, but knowing this would subtract something from the experience. While this may signify a complaint for some, the unique, truly collaborative nature of Azathoth, as well as its cohesive sound, make for a listening experience that's quite remarkable, given the scope. Azathoth has a random, almost improvisational feel to it, but given that the subject matter is a mindless amorphous god-thing that rules from the center of the universe, it is more than fitting.
Here's the other interesting bit about Azathoth: for all the imposing presence and alleged brain-blasting horror of the Sultan himself, the sound palette is quite subdued and often beautiful. There's no sense of looming terror, gibbering monstrosities, or inconceivable architecture that marks much of Lovecraft's writing. Cryo Chamber's Cthulhu collaboration approached its concept in much the same way, but it bore even harsher moments than this incarnation of the elder monarch. In spite of their horrendous presence, the Old Ones and Outer Gods were largely ambivalent to humanity, according to Lovecraft. The sound design of the album seems to reflect the formlessness and untold awe of Azathoth rather than a sense of panic and annihilation. Azathoth is beyond such trite human emotion. The mood is undoubtedly dark, yes, but it's of the subtle variety, focusing on the unknown and the alien rather than a sonic portrayal of the blackest anti-human evil. There are no manic drums nor insane flutes to herald Azathoth, just a gently evolving series of slow washes and a constantly shifting template of samples—never terrifying and always reverential. There are brief sequences of minor chord progression, occasional bursts of cosmic static, and distant furtive echoes (in many ways, Azathoth is space ambient, but the space here is one far beyond the galaxies we know).
Some may listen to Azathoth and say that the reason the concept “works” is that the genre itself has a limited toolbox. They may say that its lack of identity makes it boring, and the difficulty in pinpointing and isolating the work of any particular artist signifies a lack of versatility and creativity. I'd counter that it is not easy to assemble the sounds from twenty-two artists into something that's not just listenable, but cohesive, consistent, and highly enjoyable. It's the arrangement that makes modern dark ambient succeed, not necessarily the content. Azathoth sounds random, but it isn't. It succeeds equally a backdrop or a primary activity. Every time the two-hour journey is over, I'm disappointed, as the spell it casts is so immersive.
Azathoth doesn't sound like a collaboration, but it is, because it's the result of artists working under strong direction toward a single, clearly defined goal. The ambitious concept is enough to recommend Azathoth, but the quality, scope, and carefully built atmosphere elevates it to must-listen status. If the Demon Sultan possessed a mind capable of hearing the sounds of this offering, and they were inclined to listen, they would no doubt be pleased.
_____________________________________________________
Track List:
01) Azathoth 1
02) Azathoth 2
Rating: 9/10
Written by: Edward Rinderle
Label: Cryo Chamber (United States) / None / CD, Digital
Dark Ambient
As Deadline Approaches, Imgur Pledges Matching Funds To Support Techdirt's Net Neutrality Campaign
from the helping-out dept
Imgur would not have been possible without the tidal wave of innovation that net neutrality makes possible. We're stoked to support Techdirt in paving the way for a genuine, important public dialogue about these issues.
Last week we gave a special thanks to Twitch and Namecheap for providing matching funds for our big crowdfunding campaign , and today we want to welcome (and thank!) the greatest photo site on the internet, Imgur, for joining the campaign as well . As the company's CEO, Alan Schaaf said:It's been great to see these three companies step up to support the campaign, but it's been you guys, our community, that has gotten us so far already. We're still a bit short of the target -- and I know that money is tight for manythat there are lots of competing offerings where you can put your money (though, if you donate money to the Potato Salad Kickstarter thing and not to us, I don't think we can be friends... because, really?), but any help that folks can give to either get us over the target or to share with others, recognizing how important this issue is, would be greatly appreciated.Thanks again to all of you who have already supported it or shared it with others. With a little more help we'll be able to meet our goal, and focus that much more of our time and energy on bringing you the best reporting on the fight to keep the internet free and open. As noted earlier, our plan is to bring in additional voices on this issue, to interview key players, to dig deep into some of the more unexplored stories around this fight and much much more. But it's only possible with your help, and the deadline is rapidly approaching.
Filed Under: crowdfunding, net neutrality, techdirt
Companies: floor64, imgur, techdirt
PLANS have been announced to allow 20,000 more people to attend a Hampshire music festival.
Organisers behind Boomtown, which this year saw around 60,000 people though it gates, have revealed the figure ahead of a meeting to get residents' feedback.
Under the proposals, the festival, held annual at Matterley Bowl, near Winchester, would increase its capacity it 76,000 for the next event on the weekend of August 9-12.
Then in 2019 the size would increase again, allowing a further 4,000 music fans.
Now a number of concerned councillors have arranged a meeting with an officer from Winchester City Council's licensing department to discuss the issues.
Concerned residents will also be able to ask any questions they have at the meeting today from 3.30pm to 6.30pm in the Itchen Abbas & Avington Village Hall, in Main Road.
As previously reported, Boomtown has announced world famous alternative rock band Gorillaz as the first headline act for the 2018 festival, which will mark its tenth anniversary.
Fresh from completing a huge world tour for their recent album Humanz, the Gorillaz are set to enthral with their superior musicianship and visual mastery, in the remastered Lion's Den amphitheatre.
A spokesperson for the festival said: “Having the Gorillaz perform on our newly rebuilt Lion's Den arena is beyond anything we could have imagined when we first started 10 years ago!”
However, the festival has also faced controversial headlines in recent years following a number of incidents.
Last year Olivia Christopher was found dead in a tent after consuming a variety of drugs, and in 2014, Ellie Rowe,18, from Somerset died after snorting Ketamine.
Organisers have tried to solve the issue by having an on-site drug testing facility run by The Loop, and this year Hampshire Constabulary confirmed that crime levels at Boomtown had fallen.
Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the president's tax plan revealed last week is a “jobs bill” and doesn't benefit the rich, fighting back against criticism from Democrats who say the plan mostly benefits the wealthy.
“As we release the details of the plan, we will show all the different impacts to the people,” Mr. Mnuchin told ABC's “This Week” on Sunday. “This has impact to different people in different states.”
Mr. Mnuchin said giving a break to businesses will help them grow capital and create jobs.
The Treasury secretary admitted that the estate tax would be cut, but said the administration is focused on changes to the income tax system, not the so-called death tax.
“We believe that people get taxed once and not twice and that will enable to keep lots of family businesses passed along,” said Mr. Mnuchin.
The estate tax is a levy on property that is transferred to a beneficiary after the owner dies, and applies to estates valuing more than $5.49 million.
But Sen. Bernard Sanders says their Democratic colleagues won't support the Republican plan because it gives tax breaks to the wealthy and corporations while cutting Medicare.
“For Trump to go on television and say, ‘Oh, this doesn't benefit the wealthy' is absolutely outrageous,” the Vermont independent said Sunday on CNN's “State of the Union.”
Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer, New York Democrat, said they and their Democratic colleagues sent a letter to the president and Republican leadership, saying tax reform must not give tax breaks to the top 1 percent, it must be bipartisan and it can't blow a hole in the deficit.
“Unfortunately, the Republican plan doesn't agree with any of those. First, it's completely focused on the wealthy and the powerful — not on the middle class. Second, it blows a huge hole in the deficit,” said Mr. Schumer on CBS “Face the Nation” on Sunday.
The debate over who will benefit from tax reform comes after Republicans revealed their plan earlier last week. Under the plan, the small business tax rate would be lowered to 25 percent and the corporate tax rate would be lowered from 35 percent to 20 percent.
Mick Mulvaney, director of the Office of Management and Budget, says the administration's tax plan is only a framework for Congress, which will work out the details like deductions and brackets.
“This really is about the middle class and the corporate tax rate for the president,” Mr. Mulvaney told CNN.
They said 90 percent of American families pay someone else to do taxes and that must end.
Nevertheless, Republicans remained optimistic about their chances of passing a tax bill on Sunday's political talk shows, with House Speaker Paul D. Ryan saying the party has not repeated the mistakes that doomed its efforts on health care.
Mr. Ryan said that this time the framework for the bill was negotiated on the front end, in advance, unlike the bid to repeal and replace Obamacare.
“We have more consensus on tax reform as Republicans, and we have less consensus on health care reform as Republicans,” the Wisconsin Republican told CBS “Face the Nation” on Sunday.
Sen. Bob Corker, Tennessee Republican, echoed concerns over the deficit, telling NBC's “Meet the Press” that they might not vote for the plan.
“If it looks to me like we're adding one penny to the deficit, I am not going to be for it,” said Mr. Corker, who announced last week that they would be retiring after their term ends in 2018.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Site of the day - PickyDomains.com, world's first risk free naming agency
A Burrillville town councilor got more than they bargained for when they bought a used police cruiser at auction. Kevin Blais bought the 2004 Ford Crown Victoria in an online auction from the Hartford, Conn., public works department.
They were cleaning it last week when they noticed a cracked area on the one-piece molded seat assembly.
When they removed the seat assembly to clean the floor, they found a plastic bag containing a substance that local police later confirmed was cocaine.
Blais speculates that a suspect stuffed the drugs through the crack to prevent police from finding them. Burrillville Lt. Kevin San Antonio says Hartford police were "apologetic" when they told them of the discovery.
Hartford police spokesperson Nancy Mulroy said Friday that based on their past experience with drug suspects, Blais' speculation is almost certainly correct.
"It's not unusual that perpetrators or suspects try to hide stuff in the cruisers before they go to booking, where they know they'll be searched," they said.
[Via - WRAL]
Asshole Driven Development
Study: It's better to settle than to go to trial
Homeowners use sign to declare neighborhood 'No Ho Zone'
McDonald's Tests Changes
Police ban pets used to 'pick up women'
Celebrate Independence Eve with Newcastle Brown Ale
As all Americans know, Independence Day is a celebration of the United States declaring it's freedom from the control of Great Britain. What you may not know is that Independence Eve, a brand-new celebration spearheaded by the chaps at Newcastle, honors what could have been. They feel that since American brewers can exploit Independence Day to sell more American beer, why shouldn't there be a holiday designed specifically to sell British beer and to ponder “what if we won”.
On July 3rd, Independence Eve, pick up a Newcastle Brown Ale and toast to the country that nearly ran this one (it was super close!). While you're at it, be sure to check-in to at least one (1) Newcastle Brown Ale and you will unlock a brand-new badge showing your support.elp Newcastle celebrate the land that nearly became “Great Britain 2.” Find out more at www.ifwewon.com and be sure to follow along on Facebook and Twitter!
The Merkel government approved a new law meant to mitigate radical Islamist attacks, by making it a criminal offence to travel abroad to receive military training. Civil rights advocates are furious. EURACTIV Germany reports.
“We are amending our criminal law where it is necessary and useful,” German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said after the government signed off on a draft law to monitor the preparation for seditious acts of violence.
“We will have one of the harshest criminal anti-terrorism laws in all of Europe. That will make Germany safer,” they ensured.
In the future, leaving Germany to go to an area where a terrorist training camp is located will be punishable by law, if the trip is aimed at committing serious seditious acts of violence.
“We must do everything we can to prevent Islamists from becoming more strongly radicalised in training camps,” Maas said.
In addition, the government hopes to make terrorism financing an independent criminal offence. To hit terrorist organisations like ISIS at their core, the government pointed out, its financial sources must be dried up.
By strengthening these laws, the German government is implementing the UN Resolution “Foreign Fighters” from September 2014 and demands from the Financial Action Task Force (FATF).
The amendments are planned to be approved by the Bundestag this summer. Agreement from the regions in the German Federal Council is not required.
“The main goal of terrorists is precisely to undermine our rule of law and our democracy,” said Justice Minister Maas. “We will not allow that. The answer to terror should never lead to us making long-term cuts to our fundamental rights and our rule of law,” Maas emphasised.
The Police Union (GdP) welcomed the stricter laws. “In doing this, politicians are sending a clear signal to the Islamist scene,” explained the federal chairperson of the GdP, Oliver Malchow, in Berlin.
At the same time, Malchow warned against over-burdening the police. “But it is also clear that the investigators will have a difficult time to uncover proof of such intentions. The police will reach its limits.”
Draft anti-terror law ‘unconstitutional'
Political opposition, meanwhile, is critical of the anti-terror package.
“Here, we are really moving into the realm of concern over unconstitutionality,” said Katja Keul, the leader of the Green Party in the Bundestag's Committee on Legal Affairs, speaking to n-tv.de.
Jan Korte, deputy chairperson of the Left Party faction, explained, “before new security laws and powers of intervention are approved, the coalition should take just a moment to evaluate its meaningfulness.”
According to Korte, the draft law will not bring the citizens more security. The Left party politician said there is agreement among experts that the move is useless and that a civil rights complaint at the German Constitutional Court is already to be expected.
“Symbolic legislation, that pushes culpability of supposed or actual terror support further into a vague foreground, does not prevent attacks. It damages the rule of law at its core,” Korte said.
“If need be, radicalisation and the threat of terror can be addressed by qualified security personnel, better equipment and international cooperation as well as in the long-term, primarily through prevention,” they contended.
The draft law is disproportionate and only further expands area monitoring, which is already problematic and restrictive of fundamental rights, the Left politician continued.
“The constitutional principle that citizens be able to clearly differentiate between punitive and legal behaviour, is being damaged. Initial suspicion regarding a criminal offence as a precondition to intervention from security forces, should be adhered with absolutely. Anyone who wants to interfere with this, is holding an axe to the foundations of our society.”
Microsoft is currently testing near-final versions of Windows 8.1, but the company won't release the final update publicly until October. According to sources familiar with Microsoft's plans, the software maker will finalize, or Release to Manufacturing (RTM), Windows 8.1, but the update will not be pushed out to existing machines until October. Partners and PC makers will receive the final bits later this month, and the gap until an October release will allow them to finalize their own testing and drivers for the roll out.
We're told that the Windows 8.1 update will be made available in October alongside new hardware from partners, including 7- and 8-inch devices. ZDNet's Mary Jo Foley originally reported details on the Windows 8.1 timing on Monday, and our own sources have confirmed that the gap from RTM to release will also allow Microsoft to continue supplying fixes and patches ready for the General Availability in October.
Near-final Windows 8.1 build leaks online
Windows 8.1 includes a number of multitasking improvements, new smaller Live Tiles, and a built-in Bing-powered search engine. A near-final version of the update leaked to the internet recently, offering a closer look at the changes between Preview and RTM. Microsoft is adding in a number of tutorials and Windows Phone-like menus to ease complaints over the usability of the operating system. The Windows 8.1 update will be made available around 12 months after Windows 8 first debuted in October last year.
Facebook is giving developers a host of new tools designed to help them better access and engage users, including improved analytics and new ways to log in to apps.
One of the biggest new developer tools the company announced at its F8 conference in San Francisco Tuesday was Account Kit, designed to let developers easily create login pages that accept a user's email address, phone number, or Facebook login. That way, people using a mobile app that's built with Account Kit can sign up for an account just by punching in their phone number, and authenticating with codes sent to them via text message.
Facebook does all of the heavy lifting for developers on Account Kit's back end, so they don't have to worry about setting up a system to take in phone numbers, Facebook logins, or anything else.
The company partnered with Indian music streaming app Saavn to test Account Kit, and the app received more than 500,000 sign-ups through just phone numbers over two months.
In addition to Account Kit, developers are also getting improvements to Facebook Analytics for Apps, a tool that lets them measure how people are using their application. The service, which is being used in more than 450,000 apps, will now show developers aggregated data about the education history and employment of the people using their application, in addition to other demographic data.
Developers don't get specific title information, but they'll be able to know if people are in broad categories like “Management,” and “Sales.”
One caveat about the feature: It works without users being logged into Facebook through the application, so developers will be able to know what their users do for a living—at least, in aggregate—without those users explicitly consenting to give away that information. (Developers do have to acknowledge in their privacy policies that they're integrating with Facebook as part of the company's platform agreement.)
What's more, marketers who use the analytics tools will get a new capability aimed at engaging users who have already downloaded their application through push and in-app notifications. Using Facebook Analytics, they'll be able to target push-notification campaigns at users based on how those people use their apps or demographic information like employment data, location information, and gender.
It's something that echoes to a degree the push notification services that developers will lose when Facebook shuts down its Parse development platform next year. The company announced earlier in 2016 that its popular mobile back-end service would be going away and leaving applications that rely on it high and dry.
The Facebook Analytics push service is aimed at helping developers market applications to users rather than serve as a generic push notification service, so it's not a Parse replacement, but it will help businesses try to re-engage their users through notifications.
Facebook continues to expand as a developer platform, with the company's base of independent developers integrating with its platform growing more than 40 percent year-over year. These announcements should provide additional value to those developers who have chosen to integrate tightly with the Facebook ecosystem, and draw more people into the company's developer platform.
To help with that, Facebook also announced that it would be translating its developer documentation into 16 languages to help international developers better work with its tools.
Game Info Platform Win, Mac, Linux Publisher 2K Games Developer Firaxis Games Release Date
Science is the hub around which Sid Meier's Civilization: Beyond Earth turns, but science also thrums within the game's every node, synapse and tendril.
This is a very good strategy game. I expect nothing less from a franchise that has dedicated itself to turn-based strategy for more than two decades, from a developer that has consistently proven that it understands the dark mysteries of hooking players; the ineffable secret of "one ... more ... turn." Firaxis' 2010 release, Civilization 5, was not so much a game as a platform upon which Firaxis worked through its own discoveries about potentialities and possibilities. Beyond Earth manifests itself as the latest example of this process. Beyond Earth is an adventure about the future of humanity, an ode to discovery and to enquiry. It is also a work of science itself, the result of developer Firaxis' patient accumulation of data and ideas, culminating in a gameplay machine that whirrs with a fierce and quiet efficiency. one ... more ... turn
The opening moments of a game of Beyond Earth almost precisely match the start of Civilization 5. In the latter, players began with a rudimentary settlement on Earth, around the time of the discovery of agriculture. Here, the game begins in the A.D. 2600s, and that first settlement is a landing pod from Earth filled with refugees seeking a new beginning. The techs, the soldiers, the buildings, are all of a science fiction bent. Instead of learning writing and crafting a wheel for the first time, I researched Astrodynamics and built a Thorium Reactor. Apart from luminescent fungal visuals, the hex-based landscape remains much the same, overlaid upon a rolling mosaic of countryside dotted with features, obstacles and resources upon which players make use of their own intelligence to gather goods and execute military victories. Any Civilization 5 player entering Beyond Earth can launch themselves into this new world immediately, without any need of guidance.
But as I looked beyond the basic structure, I started to sense some very clever tweaks, shifts and improvements that bring new efficiencies to the formula and new pleasures to the player. An affinity system asks the player to choose a philosophy, from a list of three. This pseudo-personality system feeds into every part of the game, dispensing upgrades to military units, affecting diplomatic relationships with AI civilizations and offering up paths to victory, as well as special quests and unique buildings. Crucially, it impacts the player's scientific research decisions. At first I thought that the new tech web, which eschews the more traditional linear approach, might all be window dressing, that I would find a research path fairly quickly and stick to it, as I have done in the past with this series. But although the early game demands certain techs as soon as possible, I found myself using the tech web in a much more opportunistic and reactive way, seeking out discoveries that would resolve immediate crises while also taking a long term strategic view where possible. I was really playing the discovery system, rather than simply figuring out a most efficient path.
Civilization: Beyond Earth takes some of the drudgery out of the process My passage through affinity levels gave me upgrade options on military units, which dispensed with the tedious business of spending money to update soldiers who had fallen behind the times. The game expected me to work at advancing my civilization, but it has taken some of the drudgery out of this process. Bravo for that. Key resources are extensively intertwined with the building of certain units and buildings so that the importance of resources to buildings and units has been expanded, splintering the potential shape and path of each civilization according to the goods it can find.
The link between resources and happiness has also been killed. The citizens in your cities must be kept healthy through specific constructions and the management of unhealthy hexes smothered in miasma. Keeping citizens healthy is extremely challenging, but the penalties feel more on a sliding scale than the binary punishments of the previous game. I don't miss chasing around for luxury goods to keep my minions from revolting or, even worse, seeking out natural wonders as short-term boosts to happiness. Beyond Earth has pulled back some of the features and clutter that have accumulated in the series. It all feels like a clever exercise in "less is more" theory. As I encountered each change in the formula I saw the good sense in its inclusion, exclusion or modification. The alterations do not come across as gimmicky. On the contrary, they feel like hard-thought innovations. Even after many hours of play, I continue finding neat little ideas. It's as good an indication as any that, far from taking an extant game and slapping on a sci fi wraparound, Firaxis has gazed into the future and brought meaningful changes to the format.
At this point, I feel I ought to make a confession. As someone who much prefers historical fiction to futuristic speculation, I did not expect to really love this brave new world of Civness (back in the '90s, I never really got into Alpha Centauri). For me, the discovery of the printing press is always going to feel more authentic and solid than figuring out the mysteries of collaborative thought. I am always going to take more pleasure in a Ship-o'-the-Line than a Xeno Swarm. This prejudice was seriously undone by Civilization: Beyond Earth. Beginning with its emotionally powerful intro video (above), and on through the new world, the aliens, the techs, the units, the cities, there is so much here to admire and to enjoy. I particularly liked the beautiful art and animation. This attention to the tiniest of details, like the way a robot worker handles a girder, brings the greater world to life. This plays out in the sciences that the game utilizes as it paints a vision of the future. Firaxis hasn't exactly reinvented the notion of science fiction (purple mushrooms, green aliens, spooky miasma, silver spaceships et al.) but it has obviously melded these familiars with deeply researched ideas about settling new planets, about the technologies of tomorrow and about human frailties in a strange new world.
From the beginning, it's clear that the planet you land upon is not exactly pleased to see you. Aliens cannot be exterminated without advanced and numerable military units. Resources cannot be exploited without study. Distances cannot be traversed without significant perils. There is an underlying question about why you are here and what you hope to achieve, and this plays itself out in the game's multiple victory conditions, many of which demand a relationship between the player and the planet, that is absent in previous games. Winning, or even surviving, feels more like an act of creativity than merely of conquest. This is the chief charm of Civilization games, and Beyond Earth highlights it. The process of playing through the game exists at a nexus between mine and the designer's imaginations, allowing for infinite creative possibilities within a tight set of rules.
Winning feels more like an act of creativity than merely of conquest
New Delhi: The newly reconstituted National Board for Wildlife (NBWL) has cleared most of the 140 projects that have been awaiting its approval, as the government seeks to clear a logjam that has stalled industrial and economic growth, immediately raising the hackles of conservationists.
The projects that have been cleared include the high-profile Teesta IV dam in North Sikkim that has received forest and environment clearances, a government official said on condition of anonymity, after the board held its first meeting on Tuesday and Wednesday.
An earlier standing committee of the board last year had pointed to several violations in the hydroelectric project that is expected to generate 520 megawatts of power.
Other significant projects that were cleared include state-owned Oil India Ltd's proposed pipelines in Assam and a patrolling road along the India-Bangladesh border in the Dampa tiger reserve in Mizoram.
“Projects which were lingering for three years have been cleared and the reconstituted board is much more positive and decisive than the previous one," said the official cited earlier.
When NBWL was reconstituted in July after the new Bharatiya Janata Party-led government came to power in May, experts complained that it lacked adequate representation for wildlife conservationists.
As many as nine out of the board's 12 members are government officials. Out of the remaining three, one is a retired government official and the other is a government-run body.
Environmentalists and conservationists say the board is supposed to be a policymaking body and not a clearing committee. “The intentions of this government are not towards policymaking but to clear projects. They don't care for the ecology," said Kishor Rithe, a former member of the board.
Delays in the award of wildlife, environment and forest clearances have received part of the blame for economic growth slumping to below 5% for two consecutive years. The United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government, ousted in the April-May general election, tried to portray the delays as the outcome of a conflict between concerns related to economic development and the environment.
As on 30 June, projects worth ₹ 1.1 trillion were stalled, shelved or abandoned, according to data compiled by the Centre for Monitoring Indian Economy. Of these, projects worth ₹ 226.7 billion were stalled. To be sure, not all of the delays were on account of delayed environment, forest or wildlife clearances.
The government official cited above said the board had done a realistic assessment of the impact of a project on the wildlife in the area and had shown due concern for conservation.
“For every project that has been cleared, a wildlife management plan has been insisted upon and the cost for the same will be borne by the company whose project has been cleared," the official said.
Of the projects considered by NBWL, at least 10 were those being considered by the project monitoring group (PMG), which has been set up to track large investment projects. These included a natural gas pipeline by GSPL India Transco Ltd in Andhra Pradesh, and widening of a national highway through the Madhav National Park in Madhya pradesh.
The projects which were being tracked by the PMG have all been cleared, the official confirmed.
Another proposal, related to the widening of a highway passing through the Pench tiger reserve in Madhya Pradesh, was not approved. “While maintenance and strengthening of roads inside a sanctuary have been allowed, no widening has been permitted," the official said.
The official added that there had been cases where the size of forest land that was allowed to be diverted from a protected area was much less than the compensation awarded to it.
“In case of the Kishtwar high-altitude national park in Jammu and Kashmir, while 150 hectares has been brought out of the sanctuary, to compensate for it, 800 hectares have been added to the sanctuary," they said, citing an example.
Conservationists have cautioned that projects should not be cleared in haste just to speed up the pace of economic growth, and criticized environment minister Prakash Javadekar for the manner in which NBWL has been reconstituted.
There is no need to conduct a meeting of NBWL members if the agenda of the board is only to clear all pending projects, said an activist who didn't want to be named.
“It is a charade and the government doesn't really care for wildlife. Everybody is playing games in name of wildlife and conservation," they said. “Is the role of the board to protect wildlife or to clear projects?"
Since taking over as minister, Javadekar has cleared some controversial projects, including the proposed installation of a static radar by the coast guard on Narcondam in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, which could further endanger the Narcondam hornbill. Theses birds are found only on this island, and less than 350 of them remain.
Madhura Karnik in Mumbai contributed to this report.
This sculpture is the first £1m object to be valued on the Antiques Roadshow Antony Gormley's design model for their Angel of the North sculpture has become the first £1m object to be valued on BBC One's Antiques Roadshow. The model was one of a number Gormley made to win over sceptical councillors ahead of the statue's commissioning. Fine art expert Philip Mould broke the news during the recording of the show at The Sage in Gateshead. Series editor Simon Shaw said: "This was one of the most exciting moments that we've ever had on the show." Mr Mould said: "It's a great thrill to me that something produced in the last 15 years has broken the record for the most valuable item to ever have been on the show." They said a larger Gormley design model had recently sold at auction for £2m. The model on Antiques Roadshow, 6ft high and 17ft across, is owned by Gateshead Council and had been in council offices for 13 years. Councillor John McElroy, who was on the council when it voted for the sculpture, said: "It was a very inspired and bold choice, because you have created on its site probably the most successful contemporary sculpture in Britain." Sculptor Gormley told the Sunday Times the models were made to help attract funding and support from politicians and local residents. The mini-Angel was made to promote the idea of a sculpture "Gateshead was short of money so we helped them by making quite a lot of maquettes to sell the idea," they said. The steel angel, 66ft high and 178ft across, was unveiled by the A1 on the outskirts of Gateshead in 1998. The programme's previous most expensive valuation had been a collection of silverware which appeared in 2007. Recently a vase bought at a car boot sale in Dumfries for £1 and identified by Antiques Roadshow experts as valuable Feuilles Fougeres sold at auction for £32,450. The Antiques Roadshow has seen a resurgence in viewing figures of late, with nearly nine million now tuning in on a Sunday evening since Fiona Bruce took over this year.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A sounding rocket launches from the Wallops Flight Facility on May 16. NASA Wallops/Public Domain
If you're on the Eastern Seaboard and look up around 4:25 am on Thursday, June 1, don't panic. The glowing red and green clouds you may see aren't aliens or “chemtrails,” but harmless clouds of barium, strontium, and cupric oxide created by NASA to study how particles move through the atmosphere.
NASA uses what are called sounding rockets for short-term experiments or equipment tests in the upper atmosphere that don't need to be performed from space. The latest one, which launches Thursday from the Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia, will release 10 soda can–sized canisters that will emit vapor between 96 and 124 miles above Earth. The glowing clouds will be visible from North Carolina to New York, and as far west as Charlottesville, Virginia. They will provide a nice light show for anyone awake that early (with no other impact on the ground or in the air), but will also give scientists a chance to collect important data, using two cameras on the ground—one at Wallops and another in Duck, North Carolina—to help refine computer models of the upper atmosphere and ionosphere.
A red cloud, formed by lithium vapor, hangs over the Marshall Islands in 2013 after a sounding rocket launch. NASA/John Grant/Public Domain
NASA planned to launch the rocket May 31, but delayed due to cloudy weather. (When glowing clouds are the focus of an experiment, regular clouds can be a problem.) The launch is scheduled for Thursday, but as with any rocket launch, there's a chance it could be delayed again if weather interferes. NASA's backup dates are June 1 to June 6. There's a phone app to help with viewing, and those not on the East Coast can stream the launch and resulting clouds.
Accused killer Jamie Bacon's murder trial has been delayed until March 2018, more than a decade after the Surrey Six murders they are alleged to have plotted.
B.C. Supreme Court Justice Kathleen Ker said Friday that the adjournment was necessary because of a series of complex pre-trial applications related to evidence and other issues that have not yet been heard.
They said the original Oct. 31 trial date is now “completely unrealistic in light of the fact that there are a number of lengthy and complicated pretrial applications outstanding.”
One of them, they said, was a defence motion to stay the charges against the notorious gangster due to the lengthy delay in getting to trial.
Ker referenced a Supreme Court of Canada ruling in July, staying trafficking charges against a B.C. man named Barrett Jordan because they had waited more than four years to go to trial.
“I understand the defence is finalizing framing its Jordan application seeking a stay of proceedings,” Ker said.
They said jury selection will now begin Feb. 5, 2018, with the trial starting on March 5.
Bacon was charged on April 4, 2009 with murder and conspiracy in connection with the infamous Surrey Six slaughter of six men, including two innocent bystanders, in a high-rise apartment building.
Bacon is alleged to have ordered the hit on rival drug trafficker Corey Lal that spiralled out of control on Oct. 19, 2007 and resulted in the murder of Lal, their brother Michael, associates Ryan Bartolomeo and Eddie Narong, as well as bystanders Chris Mohan and Ed Schellenberg.
Mohan's mother Eileen was in court Friday as Ker announced the delay.
They said afterwards that they had been hoping for a guilty plea from Bacon “to end this nightmare”.
Now they will have to wait even longer for the final trial in connection with the murders.
“It takes a toll on us and on me. But at the end of the day, if it delivers justice for Christopher and their death doesn't go in vain, then I am all for being patient and waiting for the right outcome.”
They said they aren't worried about a defence motion to stay the charges in the case because of all the delays.
“This one is very important to me and I'm hoping the courts won't let them walk free,” Mohan said.
Criminal Justice Branch spokesperson Dan McLaughlin said the Crown is working diligently to move the case to trial.
“Certainly we want to see these matters proceed in an expeditious manner. But they must be adjudicated upon fully and fairly,” they said.
“I think that the public should know that this is an example of the criminal justice system essentially working its way through a variety of complex issues. We are being challenged, and in my view we are rising to the challenge. We are applying appropriate resources to resolving these issues.”
Bacon was in courtroom #20 on Friday, which was packed with spectators. They wore red prison garb and looked big and bulky, like they had been hitting the jail gym.
Now 31, they are the youngest of three gangster siblings who were involved in a bloody conflict across the Lower Mainland from 2007 to 2009.
Bacon had their trial severed from co-accused Cody Haevischer, Matthew Johnston and Michael Le after a B.C. Supreme Court judge ruled that they had been held in inhumane conditions in jail, including solitary confinement, after their arrest.
Less than a year ago, another gangster charged with manslaughter in the case, Sophon Sek, pleaded guilty only to break and enter. The more serious charge was dropped. They got sentenced to less than a year in jail.
Sek was a friend of Le, the Red Scorpion gang founder who also struck a plea deal earlier in the case and was sentenced to 12 years, minus time served.
In December 2014, Haevischer and Johnston were found guilty of first-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison. They have appealed their convictions.
Another gangster involved in the murders, who can only be identified as Person X, continues to serve a life sentence with no possibility of parole for 15 years after pleading guilty to three counts of second-degree murder in April 2009.
kbolan@postmedia.com
blog: vancouversun.com/tag/real-scoop
twitter.com/kbolan
TIMELINE IN SURREY SIX MURDER CASE
Early Oct., 2007: Surrey drug trafficker Corey Lal is roughed up by rivals from the Red Scorpion gang and told to pay a $100,000 “tax” for selling cocaine and other drugs in their territory.
Oct. 18, 2007: Corey Lal, Eddie Narong and other associates forcibly take over a Surrey drug line run by Lal's former partner Stephen Leone.
Oct. 19, 2007: Eddie Narong, Corey Lal, their brother Michael Lal, associate Ryan Bartolomeo and bystanders Ed Schellenberg and Chris Mohan are shot to death, execution-style, inside suite 1505 of Surrey's Balmoral Tower.
Oct. 22, 2007: Police seized a BMW linked to accused Surrey Six killer Cody Haevischer at a Burnaby car-detailing business where it had been dropped off.
Oct. 23, 2007: Homicide investigators search a suite at The Stanley apartments in Surrey, where Cody Haevischer was living with their girlfriend before the Surrey Six murders.
Homicide
Investigation
significant
The IntegratedTeam asks for the public's help in identifying a man with “” information about the murders, saying police would protect the man from the killers.
May 31, 2008: The Vancouver Sun reveals for the first time that the Surrey Six suspects are linked to the Red Scorpion gang.
May 31, 2008: Police warn that anyone associate with the Red Scorpion Bacon brothers could be in danger because they have been targeted by rivals. Jamie and Jarrod Bacon are arrested on firearms charges.
Jan. 20, 2009: Jamie Bacon is shot at as they drive their car through a busy Abbotsford intersection at midday.  They are uninjured, but police later say the United Nations gang was hunting them at the time.
Feb. 3, 2009: Raphael Baldini, a close friend of Corey Lal's who once rented suite 1505 in the Balmoral, is gunned down in a Surrey mall parking lot.
April 3, 2009: Person X enters a surprise guilty plea to second-degree murder charges for fatally shooting Chris Mohan, Michael Lal and Ryan Bartolomeo in Surrey's Balmoral Tower 18 months earlier.
April 3, 2009: Red Scorpions Cody Haevischer, Matt Johnston and Jamie Bacon are charged with first-degree murder and conspiracy in the slayings.
conspiracy
Red Scorpion gang founder Michael Le is arrested in the Philippines and deported to Canada, where they are charged with murder andin the killings.
Nov. 23, 2009: Sophon Sek is charged with manslaughter for allegedly helping the Surrey Six killers get access to the Balmoral Tower suite.
April 13, 2010: A Red Scorpion who can only be identified as Person Y pleads guilty to two unrelated murders and reveals they will be a Crown witness in the Surrey Six case.
Aug. 2, 2012: The Crown announces that Jamie Bacon will get a separate trial from their co-accused Cody Haevischer, Matt Johnston and Michael Le.
Sept. 30, 2013: The Surrey Six trial begins for Haevischer, Johnston and Le under tight security at Vancouver Law Courts.
Nov. 28, 2013: Red Scorpion founder Michael Le enters a surprise mid-trial guilty plea to conspiracy to commit murder and agrees to testify against their former co-accused.
March 10, 2014: Key Crown witness Person Y takes the stand and describes their life as a gangster and killer. They later implicates Matt Johnston in the Surrey Six murders. They also testify that Jamie Bacon had ordered the murders.
April 8, 2014: Red Scorpion founder Michael Le begins their sensational testimony at the trial, saying both Cody Haevischer and Matt Johnston confessed to having roles in the murders.
May 20, 2014: Lead prosecutor Mark Levitz closes the Crown's case after 73 witnesses and 80 days of testimony.
June 9, 2014: Defence lawyers Simon Buck (for Haevischer) and Michael Tammen (Johnston) tell Judge Catherine Wedge they will not be calling witnesses on behalf of their clients.
July 7, 2014: Cody Haevischer's defence team begins its closing arguments, calling the Crown's evidence in the case “woefully inadequate.”
July 10, 2014: Matt Johnston's lawyers begin closing arguments, saying key witnesses testifying about the murder plot are admitted violent gangsters and should not be believed.
July 14, 2014: B.C. Supreme Court Judge Catherine Wedge announces they will give their verdict in the Surrey Six case on Oct. 2, 2014.
Oct. 2, 2014: Cody Haevischer and Matthew Johnston are convicted of first-degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder. They are later sentenced to life in prison with no hope of parole for 25 years.
Cody Haevischer and Matthew Johnston file appeals of their convictions.
July 29, 2015: Jamie Bacon's Sept. 2, 2015 trial date is delayed by more than a year until Oct. 31, 2016
Dec. 18, 2015: Sophon Sek strikes a plea deal. Their manslaughter charge is dropped and they plead guilty only to break and enter for helping the Surrey Six killers access the Balmoral Tower. They get less than a year in jail.
Sept. 23, 2016: Jamie Bacon makes an appearance in B.C. Supreme Court for a ruling by Justice Kathleen Ker to delay their trial yet again to March 5, 2018 — more than 10 years after the murders.
kbolan@postmedia.com
ST. LOUIS — Boeing on Tuesday revealed its candidate for the Air Force's next trainer: a single-engine, twin-tailed aircraft made in a partnership with Swedish firm Saab.
After a dramatic rollout ceremony punctuated with dubstep music, flashing lights and a dropcloth unveiling of the plane, company executives dropped another bombshell: Boeing has already manufactured two of the jets.
"Our T-X design features: twin tails, a modern design that allows better maneuverability than a single tailed aircraft, stadium seating that provides rear visibility to the instructor … and a maintenance friendly design," Darryl Davis, president of Boeing Phantom Works, said during the event. "Just as impressive is what you can't see. What you can't see is the advanced design and manufacturing that went into this."
The Boeing-Saab trainer is powered by a single GE 404 engine made by General Electric and features a glass cockpit and open software that pushes data across the T-X jet and its associated ground training systems. The aircraft also has room for growth, Davis said. Although there is no requirement to put hard points on the wing, the jet can accommodate two per wing, and the company has also built in space for an aerial refueling receptacle.
The first aircraft, displayed during the rollout ceremony, has started ground testing and will fly by the end of the year, Davis said. The second aircraft, revealed to reporters after the rollout, will begin structural proof tests in the coming days that will evaluate the structural strength and integrity of the aircraft. Defense News accepted hotel and travel accommodations from Boeing.
Although the Air Force has incentivized certain performance elements, such as high G and high angle of attack, Davis explained that Boeing-Saab is hewing as closely to the threshold requirements as possible in an effort to drive costs down.
"We're not going to talk about details of what we can do above the threshold requirements," they said.
The companies are also relying on new manufacturing techniques, many of which they would not share with reporters. These processes enable Boeing to assemble the aircraft without any tools, Davis said. Other advances include improvements in adhesives that slash the time it takes to build the aircraft's canopy and using 3-D printed polymer parts.
"I don't want to give away all of the competitive secrets here," they said. "But we're going to shatter that cost curve."
Davis would not detail the workshare agreement between Saab and Boeing, but said that much of the technology stems from Boeing's F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and Saab's Gripen.
"There's a lot of reuse throughout this whole jet, to include some of the design and manufacturing," they said. "They brought a tremendous amount of expertise, technical detail, a lot of reuse of some systems out of the Gripen."
× Fear of missing out? Fear no longer. Be the first to hear about breaking news, as it happens. You'll get alerts delivered directly to your inbox each time something noteworthy happens in the Military community. Thanks for signing up. By giving us your email, you are opting in to our Newsletter: Sign up for our Early Bird Brief
Boeing has not yet decided where it will produce its trainer, but will continue work on the program at its St. Louis facilities through the engineering, manufacturing and design phase.
The Air Force plans to buy 350 new trainers to replace its fleet of T-38 jets. A final request for proposals is slated to be released by the end of the year with a downselect planned for 2017.
Boeing took a theatrical approach with its rollout, introducing a new T-X centric website in August and gradually rolling out new concept art and promo videos over the past month. The formal unveiling of the aircraft comes a week before the Air Force Association Air, Space and Cyber Conference and Exposition, the service's largest conference — undoubtably a move meant to generate excitement and discussion about the new trainer.
Out of the four T-X competitors, two companies have elected to produce brand-new designs purpose-made for the US Air Force. Boeing is the first to have publicly unveiled its offering. Northrop Grumman's offering remains shrouded in secrecy, but photos of its prototype surfaced on Twitter this August and appear to show the aircraft during taxi tests.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Putin: "I did not hear them say that. If that is so, then of course it is unacceptable"
Vladimir Putin has described Prince Charles's reported comparison of them with Adolf Hitler as "unacceptable".
A former Polish war refugee who met the Prince of Wales during a royal tour to Canada said they had likened some Nazi actions in Europe to those of Mr Putin.
The Russian president, who has faced criticism in the West over Russia's actions in Ukraine, said if the prince had made such comments they were "wrong" and "not royal behaviour".
Clarence House declined to comment.
Analysis
By Bridget Kendall, BBC diplomatic correspondent
Image copyright AFP
There are several reasons for President Putin to downplay this incident.
For a start they cannot get too indignant when they are not entirely sure what Prince Charles actually said.
Secondly, this is not what Mr Putin wants Russians to be talking about.
They may think it is okay for their officials to accuse the government in Kiev of being linked to 'neo Nazis' or 'fascist extremists'.
But they won't want Russians thinking about them and Hitler in the same breath, even if it is only to say in what bad taste such a comparison is.
Thirdly Mr Putin, apparently, has no interest in escalating tensions with either Britain or the rest of Europe any further.
Quite the opposite. After more than two months of deepening antagonism over Ukraine, they now appear to think it is time for a truce, and - if possible - a return to business as usual.
To that extent, the spat over Prince Charles's alleged remarks may even be quite useful - to reinforce the message that their aim now is not to look for insults but to rebuild bridges.
'Well brought-up'
Asked about the prince's reported comments during an interview with international news agencies, the Russian president said: "In such cases, I am reminded of a good expression: If you're angry, you're wrong.
"Pass this on both to the prime minister and Prince Charles. They have visited our country many times. I did not hear them say that.
"If that is so, then of course it is unacceptable. I think that they themselves understand this.  They are a well-brought-up man. I am acquainted both with them and members of the royal family.
"This is not royal behaviour."
Despite criticism from the UK of Russia's recent actions, Mr Putin played down a worsening of relations between the countries.
They added: "I think that if our partners in Great Britain, just as I am, are guided by national interests rather than some other considerations, then all this will pass quite quickly and we'll continue to co-operate as we have done before".
BBC diplomatic correspondent Bridget Kendall described Mr Putin's comments as a "qualified rebuke" but said the episode had generated quite a restrained response from the Kremlin and in the Russian press.
The Russian president made clear this would not "go on to become a real diplomatic problem" between the Britain and Russia, they said.
D-Day anniversary
The prince's alleged comments were made during a conversation with a former Polish war refugee during a royal tour to Canada.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall were on a four-day tour of Canada
They were speaking to 78-year-old Marienne Ferguson, who left Poland for Canada shortly before the Nazi occupation, at an immigration museum in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
They had been discussing Hitler's takeover of countries. Ms Ferguson said the prince said "something to the effect of 'it's not unlike... what Putin is doing'".
The prince and the Russian president are both due to attend a D-Day anniversary event in France next month.
The Russian embassy said the reported remarks were "outrageous", but reaction in the UK was more supportive of the prince.
Prime Minister David Cameron said they would not comment on a private conversation but added that "everyone is entitled to their private opinions".
And Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said Prince Charles was "free to express himself", while Labour leader Ed Miliband said the prince "has got a point".
The UK has said Russia faces "growing political isolation" over its actions in Ukraine, including the annexation of a chunk of Ukraine's territory, the Crimean peninsula.
Roosevelt pioneered many of the techniques presidents use today to achieve policy goals. They toured the country to promote favored legislation. They courted the Washington press corps—upgrading the shabby White House pressroom and hosting informal press conferences during their afternoon shave. They kept tabs on photographers at their statements (the better to make the front pages), hired the first government press officers, and staged ingenious publicity stunts. (He descended to the bottom of the Long Island Sound by submarine to show support for the new vessels and rode 98 miles on horseback to prove the reasonableness of new Army regulations.)
Roosevelt thus ushered in an age in which presidents would be perpetually engaged in the work of publicity and opinion management—the work of spin. Perhaps no incident better illustrates this than their historic 1906 quest to clean up the shoddy and predatory practices in the stockyards and meatpacking houses where Americans got their daily diet of beef.
* * *
After decades of unchecked industrial growth, American businesses and industries were in need of federal regulation—to protect workers, consumers, farmers, or simply other competitors in the marketplace. Addressing the issue of unregulated meatpacking and other foods had been on Roosevelt's to-do list for some time when they raised it in their December 1905 message to Congress. “Traffic in foodstuffs which have been debased or adulterated so as to injure health or to deceive purchasers,” they declared, “should be forbidden.” The Senate, dominated by business interests, resisted, but Roosevelt hoped to prevail by enlisting public support. To do so, they seized on a popular outcry triggered that spring by the reporting of a crusading, 27-year-old socialist with whom, despite profound ideological disagreements, Roosevelt locked arms.
Upton Beall Sinclair wasn't a core member of the group of journalists—like Lincoln Steffens and Ray Stannard Baker—who were close to Roosevelt and whom they famously labeled “muckrakers.” But more than any other writer, Sinclair's name would come to epitomize their intrepid “literature of exposure,” which pulled back the curtain on seamy business practices and corrupt politics in the hope of inciting reform. Sinclair's fame derived mainly from the success of The Jungle, their 1906 novel about the wretched world of Chicago meatpackers.
Like other muckrakers who wrote fiction, Sinclair didn't mind that their art read like agitprop. They saw their fiction as akin to their journalism, rooted in reportage and designed to spur social change. To write The Jungle, Sinclair had spent seven weeks in the slaughterhouses and meatpacking plants of Chicago, donning grubby clothes and carrying a lunch bucket to mix in with the immigrant workers. During the daytime, they visited the squalid, lethally dangerous workplaces, documenting the indifference of management to the workers' hardships and the lack of government oversight. In the evenings, they knocked on the workers' doors, their pencil ready to record their accounts.
Share. "It was my turn to provide the meat." "It was my turn to provide the meat."
Note: Full spoilers for the episode follow.
After last week's HOLY FREAKING EVERTHING and the semi-season finale feel of it all, it's not shocking that this week's Hannibal would slow things down a notch. No doubt we're going to once more gain momentum in the coming weeks, heading towards the season finale (and the Jack vs. Hannibal battle we know is coming), but for now, it's time to settle into a new grove.
So here we have Will as Hannibal's patient again and the two working alongside each other… yet Will is open about knowing who Hannibal is. And Hannibal? Man, that guy can play it cool. There's something delightful about how they won't admit to Will that he's a killer, and yet won't outright deny it either. Theirs “Will you return the courtesy?” when Will said they were fine with omissions, but not with lies, was one of many great moments between them.
Jack meanwhile is interesting to chart. They and Will had an amusingly on-the-nose chat about fishing at the start of the episode – “You gotta make them bite even if they aren't hungry” -- and coupled with where we know this story is going, it's hard not to think that Jack is still keeping their eye on Hannibal, even when they say things like “You pointed in the wrong direction.”
Hannibal doesn't usually go the whodunit route, but there was a bit more of that in play this week, with two likely killers, both played by familiar faces - Chris Diamantopoulos (The Office, Arrested Development) and the master of weirdoes, Jeremy Davies (Lost, Justified). Will bonding with the clearly damaged Peter was both sweet and also worrisome, as it looked like perhaps they were off their game, as Peter appeared to possibly be guilty.
Ultimately, they aren't the killer – just someone who decided to give the real killer the same punishment he'd given a victim, via this week's outrageous/amazing/”What the hell am I seeing!?” visual of being sewn into a horse!!!
There were a lot of macabrely funny moments on this episode thanks to what was occurring, including Alana's line, “The only thing stranger than finding a woman inside a horse is seeing Will Graham back in therapy with you” and, of course, Will's, “Is your social worker inside that horse?” However, the best had to be when Hannibal actually saw Diamantopoulos burst out of that horse and just looked so utterly unaffected by what they were seeing, coupled with them saying, “You might want to crawl back in there if you know what's good for you.”
Hannibal's wish to mold Will into someone like them continues in its totally bizarre, fascinating way. Here they watched as Will was going to murder someone – and stopped him! “If you're going to do this Will, you have to do it for yourself.” Dr. Lecter has one hell of a method, wouldn't you say?
Speaking of which, we also met another patient of Hannibal's this week, Margot (Katherine Isabelle, whose many genre credits include Being Human, Ginger Snaps and Freddy vs. Jason). It's already been revealed who exactly this is and how they connect to the Hannibal mythology, but I won't get specific here. These scenes were certainly tantalizing though, as they recounted the story of their brother attacking them (accompanied by some trippy visuals), only for the good doctor to tell her, “It actually would have been more therapeutic if you had killed him.” Is this another potential disciple for Hannibal? Perhaps someone they can cultivate instead of (or alongside) Will?
Lastly, I wanted to mention that nice moment between Brian and Will. Jimmy and Brian still remain on the periphery of the show and I was a bit concerned Beverly's murder wouldn't seem to resonate for them beyond the episode in which they first found out. Thus, it was good to see that it had made an impact and to get that moment of truthfulness about how Brian felt pangs of guilt, because Beverly didn't see them and Jimmy as people they could have gone to with what they believed.
Sons of Anarchy star Charlie Hunnam will no longer play Christian Grey in the film version of Fifty Shades of Grey. According to a statement from the studios behind the film, “The filmmakers of FIFTY SHADES OF GREY and Charlie Hunnam have agreed to find another male lead given Hunnam's immersive TV schedule which is not allowing them time to adequately prepare for the role of Christian Grey.”
The season 6 finale of FX's Sons of Anarchy began shooting Oct. 11, one day before Universal Pictures and Focus Features made the announcement. Fifty Shades of Grey is due to hit theaters Aug. 1, 2014.
Fifty Shades of Grey author E L James responded briefly on Twitter: “I wish Charlie all the best. x,” they wrote. (It's unclear whether their tweet 17 minutes before that one was related: “Okay girls and boys – hold on to your hats – it's about to get serious…”)
Hunnam recently spoke to EW about the film for the Sons of Anarchy cover story now on newsstands: “There are so many fans of that book and I know that on the surface, I'm probably not what everybody imagined,” the actor admitted. “Because reading is so personal and people bring a character to life in their imagination, they feel ownership over that character. That's daunting if I allowed myself to think about it too much. I'm taking it very seriously and intend to explore the nature of whom this character is, what motivates them — and also dress up nice and look good in those suits.”
This penultimate season of FX's tense biker drama has yet to deliver an episode that wasn't super-sized. The Oct. 15 episode will again run 90 minutes.
Scott (Tyler Posey) faces major changes in their life in Teen Wolf's fifth season, and they aren't going to be handling all of them well.
In last week's second part of the MTV drama's season premiere, Scott and Stiles (Dylan O'Brien) got reacquainted with their old pal Theo (Cody Christian), including Scott healing Stiles' hand after a failed effort to learn more about Theo's past. Meanwhile, Kira (Arden Cho) was surprised to learn that their boyfriend was considering attending UC Davis after their impending graduation from Beacon Hills.
In a sit-down with The Hollywood Reporter, Posey says that upcoming episodes will focus on Scott's struggle with the fact that the pack is separating and their feeling that they are to blame and unable to restore order.
"He doesn't know why it's their fault — they don't know why this is happening, and they can't fix it," Posey says. "He's [dealing] with an inner struggle, on top of trying to keep their friends together and save the world and keep people alive, so he's got a lot of mental breakdowns this season, which is really fun to play with, since they haven't been in that vulnerable state since season one."
"Scott's usually pretty confident, knows what path he's going in, what rules to follow to go from A to B, and now they don't know where to go," Posey continues.
Posey teases that the show has some "really gross shit coming up," particularly with Lydia's (Holland Roden) storyline. "This whole season is pretty dark and gory," they say. "We've had some pretty dark situations on the show before, but this season's dark because of how gross it is. It's pretty gnarly."
According to Posey, the show's dynamic "isn't too different" without Derek Hale (Tyler Hoechlin), although Posey says they were "bummed" that Hoechlin decided to step away from the show after season four: "He's one of my really good buddies, so I see them all the time, and I've known that this was kind of on their mind for a bit."
With high school graduation on the horizon, Posey says they hope to see Scott "relax a little bit" after leaving the halls of Beacon Hills. "I think they care too much about trying to save people," Posey admits.
And what will Scott be up to after graduating? "I do have a really cool idea for the future for Scott, which is in a couple of years, which I pitched to [showrunner] Jeff [Davis]," Posey says, who plans to sit in on the writers' room for the second half of season five. "I have no idea if it's even going to happen — it's Scott years later, and he's owned their power, he's owned their status in the world, and he's just become this stoic badass, almost like a Jason Bourne kind of thing."
Teen Wolf airs Mondays at 10 p.m. on MTV. Let us know your thoughts on season five in the comments!
Email: Ryan.Gajewski@THR.com
Twitter: @_RyanGajewski
Think of Budapest Architecture and you usually envisage opulent Gothic buildings, Byzantine influences and Art Nouveau flourishes. A name less likely to be on the tip of the tongue is Bauhaus – a discrepancy that photographer Balint Alovits is attempting to put right in their series Time Machine.
In fact, Bauhaus style was an important architectural movement in the Hungarian capital between 1930 and 1948. As the city expanded, districts to the north such as Újlipotváros were transformed from industrial wastelands into residential idylls, their architects inspired by modern European trends.
As a result, Budapest has a wealth of fascinating Bauhaus and Art Deco architecture, created by the likes of Béla Hofstätter and Ferenc Domány, but the majority are hidden from public view, with only tantalising glimpses available to those in the know.
It was the details of these buildings – specifically the mesmeric shapes and shades of the stairwells – that Budapest native Alovits set out to record. Their series of swirling vortexes capture the easy grace of the buildings, the flow of their spaces as they spiral skywards.
All Photographs © Balint Alovits
Presidential Campaign Gets Ugly on Fico's Accusations
In the second round of the presidential elections between current Prime Minister Robert Fico and self-made business person Andrej Kiska, Robert Fico has opted for the tactic of trying to undermine Kiska by attacking them and their businesses, and spreading rumours, instead of promoting and comparing their policies.
Fico openly accused Kiska of being involved with Scientology, with smear leaflets against Kiska also being distributed before the first round. Suspiciously, the leaflets were distributed by the same company that distributed Fico's promotional ones, according to a report in SME daily today.
The daily got hold of documents anonymously showing that the distribution of both leaflets was ordered by a company called GS Servis, which denies distributing the smear leaflets. The printing company Cromwell denies the claim, adding that the information is subject to corporate secrecy.
Kiska, who got 24% in the first round against Fico's 28%, came out on television to put an end to the rumours about their connection with Scientology and so on, pointing to how sad it was that the PM was employing smear tactics instead of debating about the future of the country and its people.
Ironically, both government led by PM Fico approved funding of hundreds of thousands of euros for a company run by a self-proclaimed Scientologist, Michal Homza, reports Hospodarske Noviny. Robert Fico's spokesperson said there was nothing wrong with providing state assistance to the company.
Boy viciously attacked by Grade 1s
Durban - A group of Grade 1 pupils assaulted a 7-year-old classmate so severely that they might not be able to walk properly again.
The group of six pupils aged between 6 and 8 viciously kicked and punched the boy in front of other children at Qedizaba Primary School in Newcastle, reported the TimesLive.
A teacher had asked the boy to report noisemakers in class when the teacher left the room and when the boy did so, the boys they had named responded by attacking him.
The boy sustained possible injuries to their liver and kidneys as well as possible spinal injuries.
The boy's grandmother was distraught, saying: "I'm in so much pain. I cry day and night after what happened to him. My grandson might never be able to walk properly again because of the assault," they said.
They said teachers had persuaded them to try to resolve things "amicably" with the parents of the attackers but they still believe that the assailants should be punished.
The school principal said they were looking into the matter.
Enlarge Flarry family handout A California sea lion hopped aboard the Flarry family's 31-foot Catalina near Clark Island, Wash. on Sunday, Aug. 3. Lynnea Flarry and their family were picnicking Sunday afternoon when their daughter-in-law spotted a sea lion aboard the boat. FERNDALE, Wash. (AP)  No one wants to be stuck with a large, uninvited visitor. Especially a sea lion on a family sailboat. Even more so twice in a day. Lynnea Flarry was picnicking with their family Sunday afternoon on Clark Island when their daughter-in-law saw what they thought was a seal aboard the family's 31-foot Catalina, apparently after taking advantage of a ladder extending into the water from the stern. Photographs taken by the family show the animal was probably a 2- or 3-year-old female California sea lion, said Sarah Rages, seasonal rehabilitator at Wolf Hollow Wildlife Rehabilitation Center in Friday Harbor. Females of the species often weigh 200 pounds or more when they mature at 5 to 6 years. Flarry said their son and grandchildren took a dingy back to the boat. "When they got close (she) hid (her) head behind the lifesaver like a little kid who hides behind a curtain and doesn't realize their toes are sticking out," Flarry said. One effort after another failed to dislodge the sea lion until Flarry's son used a boat hook to nudge the creature gingerly back to the water. "It was the strangest thing," Flarry said. "He was on there for more than an hour." It is legal to remove a marine mammal from private property as long as the creature is not injured, said Brian Gorman, a spokesperson for National Marine Fisheries Service in Seattle. "This is a problem up and down the coast, particularly on docks," Gorman said. The rest of the group went back ashore as Flarry's granddaughter stayed on the boat, taking more pictures as the sea lion swam in circles around the boat. Then the animal climbed back up the ladder onto the boat and resumed sunning itself. "She was so busy snapping pictures they forgot to bring the ladder up," Flarry said. Back came the rest of the family to try to evict the sea lion. "He'd just turn their nose up to the sun and just look at us like, 'I'm here, so what?' It was just the darndest thing," Flarry said. "I've never seen anything so preposterous, and I've been sailing for years and years." Them 5-year-old grandson begged in vain to keep the sea lion as a pet. "My grandson was more than willing to give up their bathtub if we could take the (sea lion) home," Flarry said. Copyright 2008 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Guidelines: You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. You share in the USA TODAY community, so please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Use the "Report Abuse" button to make a difference. Read more
The Obama administration informed Syria's government it intended to hit Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) positions before launching airstrikes on Monday, but did not provide advance warning on a military level, a State Department spokesperson said Tuesday.
State spokesperson Jen Psaki said the administration also warned Syria not to engage U.S. aircraft and that the U.S. did not request Syria's permission for the strike.
ADVERTISEMENT
Syria's government was informed that the U.S. strikes were coming by U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power Samantha Jane Power'Dear Attorney General Barr': Advice from insiders Heather Nauert is the wrong choice for UN ambassador Khashoggi editor on Trump Saudi statement: 'This is a new low' MORE, who spoke to Syria's permanent representative to the U.N.
Psaki said the U.S. did not "coordinate our actions with the Syrian government" and Secretary of State John Kerry John Forbes KerryOvernight Defense: White House eyes budget maneuver to boost defense spending | Trump heads to Hanoi for second summit with Kim | Former national security officials rebuke Trump on emergency declaration 58 ex-national security officials rebuke Trump over emergency declaration Ex-national security officials to issue statement slamming Trump's emergency declaration: WaPo MORE "did not send a letter to the Syrian regime."
Earlier this month, Kerry raised eyebrows when, in an interview with CBS News, they equivocated when asked if the U.S. would coordinate the airstrikes with Assad.
“No, we're not going to coordinate with Syria,” Kerry said. “We will certainly want to deconflict to make certain that they're not about to do something that they might regret even more seriously. But we're not going to coordinate.”
State Department spokesperson Marie Harf later declined to explain what “deconflicting” meant, and the White House also refused to explain Kerry's comment.
Still, the administration appears interested in preventing forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar Assad from shooting at U.S. war planes conducting the airstrikes against ISIS. A senior administration official said last week that the U.S. would shoot back if Assad's military shot at planes that entered Syrian airspace, and that the president could authorize the destruction of Syria's air defense system.
Separately, the administration is beginning work on a program to train and arm the moderate Syrian opposition that is battling both the Assad regime and ISIS within Syria. Congress gave Obama authorization for that program as part of a short-term budget measure that passed last week, although U.S. National Security Adviser Susan Rice said the program would take “many months” to get running.
"This is not going to happen overnight," Rice said. "It is not something that one should expect will yield rapid and immediate fruit. This is a serious training program, and we are serious about vetting those that we will be training and equipping."
This story was updated at 9:38 a.m.
WASHINGTON – Donald Trump is being encouraged to stay strong in NAFTA negotiations by people who aren't normally their allies.
Sen. Bernie Sanders and other members of the anti-NAFTA left held a news conference Wednesday on Capitol Hill where they demanded that the president keep their promise to drastically overhaul the agreement.
They held their event as negotiators from the three countries met in Washington.
“We are here today to send a very loud and clear message to Donald Trump: for once in your life keep your promises,” said Sanders, a Vermont senator and former presidential contender.
“We need to fundamentally rewrite NAFTA.”
Sanders expressed support for hardball U.S. negotiating positions like increased Buy American protections, and they want to go even farther than Trump and not just water down the investor-state dispute mechanism in Chapter 11 but end it entirely.
They also want Trump to go farther on labour standards and to end incentives to outsource jobs.
Those disagreements on specifics illustrate that while Trump and the left share similar rhetoric about trade, some of their specific proposals veer in different directions, raising doubt about how many left-wingers Trump could hope to win over in a ratification vote for a trade deal.
Speakers at Wednesday's event didn't actually call for the cancellation of NAFTA, just major changes.
Lawmaker Rose DeLauro recalled having tears in their eyes the night the House of Representatives voted for NAFTA and they said the last quarter-century has proven that critics who said the deal would undermine American worker wages were right.
Trade politics in the U.S. rarely hews to clear, predictable partisan lines.
In 1994, it was mostly Republicans who helped Democratic president Bill Clinton get NAFTA ratified. Today, polls show Democratic voters are likelier to support NAFTA, but not their elected representatives, while it's the opposite on the right, where Trump voters mostly oppose NAFTA but most Republican lawmakers support it.
DeLauro rejects being painted as a protectionist or as anti-trade.
“We are for trade,” said the Connecticut Democrat.
“We want to work with the administration. We want to rewrite NAFTA.”
Sanders says poorly designed trade deals are one of the factors that have hurt U.S. manufacturing communities in recent decades and led to greater inequality between haves and have-nots.
“It devastates lives. And it devastates cities and towns,” Sanders said.
“Trade is not the only explanation for that. But trade is an important part of the decline of the middle class America.”
A whole new world of Open Access at ScienceOpen
Today we are pleased to announce the winners of the April round of our free Open Access indexing competition.
These journals come from around the world, and by offering free-to-publish Open Access options for researchers, we in turn offer them free integration into our platform to help build their status and visibility.
The following journals will all become part of our next-generation indexing and discovery platform:
Cardiometry (Russia)
Published by the Russian New University, this journal is devoted to cardiological issues with special focus on cardiovascular system performance and diagnostics. The title of the journal, Cardiometry, is a new field in cardiology providing application of the most up-to-date technologies of measurements of heart and cardiovascular system performance parameters and considered as an interdisciplinary scientific field joining cardiology, biophysics, biomechanics, IT and metrology.
Tobacco Prevention & Cessation (Greece)
Published by European Publishing, this journal encompasses all aspects of tobacco use, prevention and cessation that can promote a tobacco free society. Their aim is to foster, promote and disseminate research involving tobacco use, prevention, policy implementation, disease development- progression related to tobacco use, tobacco use impact from the cellular to the international level and the treatment of tobacco attributable disease through smoking cessation.
Desert (Iran)
Published by the University of Tehran, Desert covers all aspects of environmental management of arid, semi-arid and desert environments and addresses issues ranging from basic to socio-ecological systems of arid, semi-arid and desert ecosystems.
Revista do Instituto Florestal (Brazil)
Published by the Instituto Florestal (Institute of Forestry) of São Paulo, this journal is dedicated to works in Forestry Sciences and related sciences written in Portuguese, English or Spanish. It publishes articles in the following thematic areas: urban tree planting, protected areas and nature conservation, wildlife conservation, ecology, forestry policy and economy, genetics and forest improvement, geography and environmental planning, hydrology, plant taxonomy and phytogeography and forest products technology.
All of these journals fulfil the double challenge of publishing high-quality Open Access research while charging no APCs to their authors. As such, they provide significant contributions to open scholarship as well as democracy in science from month to month.
To support these great efforts, we recently partnered with the Directory of Open Access Journals (DOAJ) to help make these valuable sources of the published scholarly record more visible and easily accessible in a competitive global research environment.
Bringing together results from different fields of research and geographical regions, successful applicants will add new colours to our research network of over 31 million articles and growing.
Thank you to everyone who applied for the latest round of ScienceOpen's free indexing competition! We are also grateful to DOAJ for their valuable contributions.
To apply for the next round, an application form can be found here. As a little help, you can find our guidelines here. Good luck!
Share this:
Tweet
Print
Youngstown area night life is about to get a big shot in the arm. Eric Ryan has teamed with Kelly Pavlik to bring Kelly Pavlik's 13th Round to downtown Struthers. This is not a normal mom-and-pop neighborhood bar, but more an event.
Formerly known as South Bridge, a place where people went to play pool, hear some live music, or eat a decent meal upstairs at Fat E's, the conversion to Kelly Pavlik's 13th Round is nearly complete and the doors to a whole new nightlife experience open to the public on September 11.
The only thing that will stay the same is the lower level, aka The Cellar. Eric Ryan and staff will continue to feature the best local and national musical talent to this exclusive venue. Anyone who has been to The Cellar for a Disco Inferno night understands the level of entertainment you can still get for a few bucks.
The mid-level, formerly South Bridge, a pool hall and bar is undergoing the biggest makeover. There will be a boxing ring right in the bar. The bar itself will be huge and there will be a kitchen open to serve food to the patrons in the form of hamburgers, wings, fries, and many other menu items. The big menu item will be called “The Knockout”. The Knockout sandwich weighs three pounds and is basically the size of a loaf of bread. Anyone who purchases the sandwich will also receive a T-shirt. Kelly Pavlik was even contacted by the popular show Man vs Food to showcase the new sandwich. The customer can order food and will be given a blinking light box that will activate once an order is prepared and ready for consumption. The bar itself will also feature 13 flat screen TV's and will carry mostly any sport on any day. My personal favorite feature will be something I cannot really comment about until the bar opens, but I will give you a hint in that I am a sports memorabilia fanatic. If you even remotely care about sports this is your place.
The top level has also undergone many upgrades both in appearance and class. Chef Jeff Chrystal of Chrystal Catering notoriety will be in charge of the top level food. Alligator is an appetizer choice, duck is also an option, but the menu will have several other “normal” selections such as steaks. The picture above denotes one of the cool ideas incorporated into the new establishment. A designer has painted, in different colors and fonts on the wall, quotes from several notable boxing legends. There is a similar project associated with this concept downstairs which I will save as a surprise to the clients.
Alan Drennen is the general manager for the entire complex and talked about what a great menu Jeff Chrystal is going to provide. “It's going to be a well-rounded unique menu. There are unbelievable pasta dishes, steaks, steakburgers that are hand-pattied not bought processed. It's going to be really good food yet still be affordable.”
Ryan is pumped about the new establishment and said that Kelly Pavlik is more involved than people may think from an insider standpoint. “It's something Kelly and I have been talking about for a long time. It is a way for them to generate some income without getting punched in the face. We have business meetings and when they are in attendance, they certainly are no dummy. I'm the manager of the place, but Kelly has had input on the menu, they have had input on the look of the place. We have transformed the billiards room in to the most incredible sports bar you are ever going to see.”
I am really excited about the premier of this establishment. Eric Ryan brings a spotless track record and a resume filled only with success to a higher level yet again. The Covelli Centre is hot right now, don't think it's because Ryan didn't have anything to do with it. This guy does not hide in their office. They have a knack of putting the right people in place to oversee facets of every project they attempt. More importantly, the guy follows through on everything. Kelly Pavlik's 13th Round is going to be special.
Thank's Kelly and Eric for giving the valley another shot in the arm!
Please follow and like us: 10
It was Sunday afternoon, and like most January days in Northwest Ohio, it was overcast, cold, and gloomy. The new semester at Bowling Green State University had just begun, and since most classes were in the “here's the syllabus – I'll see you next week” stage, there was no significant classwork to accomplish. It also happened to be Super Bowl Sunday, and since I had no particular favorite between the Buffalo Bills and the New York Giants, I wasn't particularly interested in watching any of the pre-shows for the pre-shows for the pregame show. In short, I was bored.
But my trusty '87 Sentra was gassed up and parked outside, and I had a new roll of Fujifilm, so it was time to head to the tracks!
My typical search pattern involved heading east from BGSU and following the old C&O main line north toward Walbridge. On this day, there were no signs of railroad life until I came to Hanley Road, the last crossing south of Walbridge Yard, where I spotted the approaching headlight of a southbound. I parked the Sentra and began walking south along the right of way to set up my shot. Another railfan arrived, parking on the opposite side. Maybe something interesting was coming!
The headlight came closer, and eventually, a shape and some colors began to emerge from the January gloom. It was red and white. It was the last surviving CSX locomotive still wearing Western Maryland colors, former GP-40 #3798, and it was in the lead! Jackpot!
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
But that wasn't all. Trailing behind the rare GP-40 were the unmistakable silhouettes of two GP-30's – actually, GP30-m's in this case, having been upgraded by Chessie System in the 1980's – another rarity in 1991. I shot the WM unit and as I focused on the second unit. Something was unusual. Could it be? Yes! A “Sunburst”! I had grown up along the Chessie System in the 1970's and '80's, but I had never seen a B&O unit wearing the “Sunburst” scheme. The GP-30's were delivered in that scheme, and it was later applied to a handful of F-7's, but by the late 1960's all of them had been covered by the generic B&O/C&O corporate Blue. Here was a Sunburst bleeding through after being hidden for a quarter century.
...
The last unit would have been the notable catch in any other lashup – another former B&O GP-30m, this time in classic Chessie System attire.
The rest of my journey that day was a dud. There was nothing of note at Walbridge Yard, and Vickers Junction was uncharacteristically quiet. I returned to BGSU in time to grab dinner and watch Scott Norwood miss the game-winning field goal as the Giants beat the Bills 20-19. Regardless of the football game, I knew that I had made the best catch of the day!
Please follow and like us: 10
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Print
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
We're not sure what anniversary the 17th is but, if we had to guess, we'd say its the x86 anniversary. Google has just released Revision 17 of the Android SDK and ADT and its packing an array of improvements, most notably to the Lint build system and the emulator. While the new build rules, which check performance and guard against errors, are certainly welcome, it's the emulator that's got the headline grabbing changes. First off is the ability to run x86 system images in a virtualized environment (on Windows and OS X), and at near native speeds no less. There is also added support for webcams and sensors, as well as the experimental ability to control the emulator through a tethered android device. For more details, and to download it yourself, hit up the source link.
The Kurdish Regional Government has announced new parliamentary and presidential elections on the first of November.
According to the Iraqi Kurdish region's Higher Election Commission, political parties have already registered their names for parliamentary elections, with the election campaign due to start on October 15.
However, officials are in contention about whether the elections will be actually held at the announced date.
Sadi Pire, a senior official and member of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan politburo, told Al Jazeera that it is likely the parliamentary elections will be held next year.
"It is possible that the current government's mandate will be extended for another year," Pire said.
READ MORE: Iraqi Kurds overwhelmingly back split from Baghdad
They cited the chaotic conditions present in the semi-autonomous region in northern Iraq.
"We have more than 400,000 people that need to be repatriated after the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group occupied their villages, in addition to 1.2 million Syrian refugees and IDP from south of Iraq," Pire said. "It is very difficult now to have a clean election under these elections."
The KRG's last elections were held in September 2013, and run every four years.
The three main parties are the Kurdish Democratic Party (KDP), the PUK and Movement for Change (Gorran).
The previous elections marked the first time the KDP and the PUK ran as separate parties since the first elections in 1992.
The Kurdish National Assembly has 111 seats, and a party needs to secure a majority of 56 seats or more.
General Mohammed Sabir of the Peshmerga said that the High Electoral Commission has not indicated that the elections will be postponed.
"Right now there are a lot of chaos and problems with Baghdad and regional governments," they told Al Jazeera.
"There is a possibility that the elections will get postponed but there hasn't been anything definitive yet."
The confusion surrounding the timing of the elections comes in the aftermath of an independence referendum last month, which received an overwhelming support of 93 percent of votes.
However, Iraq's central government in Baghdad has decried the non-binding referendum as unconstitutional and refused to recognise the result.
Furthermore, it responded by imposing a number of punitive measures, such as banning international flights to Erbil Airport in the Kurdish region and halting foreign currency transfers to the northern region.
According to Iraqi Kurdish researcher Abdulla Hawez, the government in Baghdad is likely not to interfere in the elections, unless they take place in the disputed territories in the northern region, such as Kirkuk.
"The central government has limited options given the weakness of the Iraqi state at the moment," Hawez told Al Jazeera, mentioning the ongoing fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIL, known as ISIS) group and the growing intra-Shia rivalry.
As for the presidential elections, a big question remains over the fate of the current president, Massud Barzani, who has held the role since 2005. Barzani, whose mandate finished in 2013 but was reelected by parliament for a further two years, still has publicly announced in 2016 that they will not run for re-election, but still holds the position.
Hawez said that the question is not about who will run for the presidential elections, but whether they will happen in the first place.
"October 3 was the last day for a candidate to register for the presidential elections, but only one condition from the Gorran party has done so," they said.
READ MORE: A look into Iraq\'s disputed Kirkuk before referendum
They explained that there has been conflicting news on whether the High Electoral Commission has accepted their candidacy due to the issue of the deadline.
"If the election commission rejects the opposition candidate, it means the presidential elections won't take place," Hawez said.
"If the commission accepts the candidate, it means they will mostly likely win, which will raise the question of how effective the Kurdish political institutions, such as presidency and parliament, are going to be."
However, Hawez said that new parliamentary elections, the first after the referendum vote with the addition of new political entities and a severe economic crisis, will have an effect on the political landscape in the autonomous Kurdish region.
"The new parliament may lead to a broader coalition to form a new government and that may lead to more accountability and flexibility in negotiations with Baghdad," they said.
MILAN (Reuters) - World number one Rafael Nadal will be fit for the ATP Finals in London next week despite concerns over the state of the Spaniard's knee, coach Carlos Moya said.
Tennis - ATP 1000 Masters Series - Rolex Paris Masters - AccorHotels Arena, Paris, France - November 3, 2017 Spain's Rafael Nadal during a press conference REUTERS/Charles Platiau
Nadal, 31, pulled out of the Paris Masters before their quarter-final match last week after experiencing discomfort in their right knee during their third-round win over Pablo Cuevas.
It raised fears the 16-time grand slam champion would join a lengthy list of leading names, including 2016 champion Andy Murray and three-times London winner Novak Djokovic, who are already sidelined for the season-ender.
Moya had better news though.
“Rafa is fine, the knee is okay,” the former world number one said in Milan after taking part in a coaching workshop at the Next Gen ATP Finals.
“He stopped just to take no risks. Rafa will be competitive in London because it's the only big tournament they haven't won.”
Nadal silenced the naysayers this year by returning from an injury-plagued 2016 to win the French Open for a 10th time before taking the U.S. Open crown.
It helped them secure the year-end number one ranking for the fourth time, nearly a decade after they first achieved it.
Moya, who began working with their fellow Mallorcan a year ago, said Nadal's feats this year had not surprised him.
“I expected Rafa to be number one again,” they said. “I'm not surprised because I've seen them training as usual with lots of passion. Their tennis and their mind have taken them to number one.”
Nadal is due to start their ATP Finals challenge on Monday against Belgium's David Goffin and also faces Bulgarian debutant Grigor Dimitrov and Austrian Dominic Thiem in their group.
Atheists face official bigotry and discrimination in Lake Worth, Florida: In an act of disrespect, four out of five City Commissioners, including Mayor Pam Triolo, walk out of a commission meeting to avoid hearing an atheist invocation.
As Preston Smith, the invited speaker and an atheist, approached the podiuum to give the invocation for the commission meeting last week, Mayor Pam Triolo and three other city commissioners abruptly walked out of the room in order to avoid hearing the atheist speak.
Mayor Triolo at first refused to explain their disrespectful and unprofessional behavior. However, after being pressed by local media, Triolo said:
“I didn't leave because Mr. Smith is an atheist, I left because of their alleged tweet.”
Triolo claims Smith tweeted an offensive interpretation of scripture earlier this summer, and feared their prayer might be along those lines.
Triolo said:
“Free speech works both ways. You can say what you want and I can choose to leave.”
Triolo's excuses ring hollow, and seem a desperate attempt at damage control, especially after one considers the fact that Smith was invited to the meeting to give the invocation.
The other city commissioners who left: Scott Maxwell, Andy Amoroso and John Szerdi, are currently in hiding, refusing to comment on their role in the disrespectful and unprofessional display.
Michael Mayo, Sun Sentinel Columnist, reports:
The lone commissioner who stayed, Christopher McVoy, told me they thought it was disrespectful and “un-American” for the commissioners to walk out. They also found it “weird” that they all marched out at the same time, and wondered if there was any prior discussion amongst the group about their seemingly coordinated action. If there was, that would raise questions about a possible Sunshine Law violation. Two or more commissioners are not supposed to talk to each other about matters that might come up at meetings or official city business without public notice.
McVoy is correct, the behavior of their fellow city commissioners was “disrespectful” and “un-American,” a shameful display of naked bigotry and prejudice.
And it does appear as if the four commissioners who walked out are guilty of violating the Sunshine Law.
As for Preston Smith's atheist invocation, it was a respectful and tasteful expression. Again Mayo reports:
Smith praised “scientific evidence and critical thinking”and asked for “a better, more equal community without religious divisions.” They noted that atheists, agnostics and humanists now account for one in five Americans and are “growing rapidly.” Smith concluded, “Let us all love one another not based on intrinsic rewards now, hereafter or based on superstitious threats of eternal damnation, but rather secular-based principles of morality and doing good for goodness' sake. And so we pray…so what?”
To watch the cowardly Mayor and the other city commissioners scurry away as the mild mannered atheist approaches the podium is at once both comical and tragic.
If Mayor Triolo and the other city commissioners could see beyond their own ignorance and religious superstition, and deploy the universal quality of empathy, they might begin to understand how offensive and obnoxious it is for atheists, agnostics and other freethinkers to sit through the routine prayers and invocations which usually open such meetings.
The whole fiasco is yet another powerful argument against opening public meetings with prayers and invocations.
Weeping onlookers took part in beachside memorials and religious services across Asia on Friday to mark the 10th anniversary of the Indian Ocean tsunami that left nearly a quarter of a million people dead in one of modern history's worst natural disasters.
The devastating Dec. 26, 2004, tsunami struck a dozen countries on the Indian Ocean rim, killing about 230,000 people. It eradicated coastal communities, devastated families and crashed over tourist-filled beaches the morning after Christmas. Survivors waded through a horror show of corpse-filled waters.
The disaster was triggered by a magnitude 9.1 earthquake that tore open the seabed off Indonesia's Sumatran coast, displacing billions of tons of water and sending waves roaring across the Indian Ocean at jetliner speeds as far away as East Africa.
Indonesia's Aceh province, which was closest to the quake's epicenter, was hit first and hardest. Initially, the quake toppled homes and buildings and sent panicked communities rushing into the streets. About 20 minutes later, a wall of water up to 33 feet high surged inland for miles with seemingly unstoppable force, carrying along trees, houses, train cars and thousands of people in a churning rush.
As part of Friday's solemn commemorations, survivors, government officials, diplomats and families of victims gathered in Indonesia, Thailand, Sri Lanka, India and elsewhere. Moments of silence were held in several spots to mark the exact time the tsunami struck.
"I cannot forget the smell of the air, the water at that time ... even after 10 years," said Teuku Ahmad Salman, a 51-year-old resident who joined thousands of people in a prayer service in Banda Aceh, Indonesia.
"I cannot forget how I lost hold of my wife, my kids, my house," they said sobbing, recounting that they refused to believe for years that they had died but finally gave up looking for them.
More than 170,000 people died in Indonesia alone — more than three-quarters of the total death toll.
Indonesian Vice President Jusuf Kalla led a prayer ceremony in Banda Aceh, the capital of Aceh province, on Friday. They and other officials placed flowers at a mass grave where thousands of unknown tsunami victims were buried. A separate event was held to thank ambassadors from the many foreign countries that helped Aceh recover after the disaster.
"Here in this field 10 years ago ... we tearfully saw thousands of corpses lying," Kalla said. "No words can describe our human feelings at that time — confused, shocked, sad, scared — in seeing the suffering of the people in Aceh. But we could not remain in sadness. Aceh had to rise again, and all Indonesians in this archipelago helped. People all over the world offered their assistance."
"In this moment, we also say thanks to the world, which has helped Aceh from the post-disaster condition 10 years ago," they said.
In Thailand, more than 5,000 people were killed, about half of whom were tourists celebrating the holiday season on the country's renowned white-sand beaches. Foreigners from 38 nations were killed by the waves that struck southern Thailand.
More than 100 survivors of the tsunami and bereaved relatives from Germany, Austria and Switzerland held a memorial service on a beach in Khao Lak, Thailand. They walked into the waves and placed flowers in the warm Andaman Sea, while diplomats put wreaths on the sand.
"I didn't expect it would touch me so much after 10 years again, because I've come back every now and then in recent years," said tsunami survivor Claudia Geist of Germany, who was so badly injured during the disaster they almost lost their leg. "But this has been a completely different experience now, connecting with all the other people."
Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha led a ceremony at a beached police boat that was out at sea when the tsunami struck and was carried more than a mile inland by the massive waves. It has become a permanent memorial to the power of the waves that day.
"The tsunami claimed many lives. However, it allowed us see the kindness and help that came from around the world that helped us pass through the difficult time," Prayuth said, before the dead and missing were commemorated by a minute of silence.
In Sri Lanka that day, the water swept a passenger train from its tracks, killing nearly 2,000 people in a single blow. The locomotive and five of the original carriages, decorated with Buddhist flags, made a memorial journey Friday over the deadly route, carrying survivors who mourned the dead and missing.
Associated Press
Kyle Davis has had about enough of the interviews that come with the recruiting process, but the five-star wide receiver from the Atlanta area took a couple of minutes to tell GoVols247 how much they enjoyed their Saturday visit to Tennessee for Orange Carpet Day.
“I enjoyed it all. Everything. Every little thing about it,” Davis said after their visit. “I mean, every time I go up to a school, they roll out … well, in this case, they roll out an orange carpet. But it was great, man.
“When I walked in, it blew me away.”
The Vols invited a select group of their top targets to Knoxville for Orange Carpet Day, and Davis said that smaller group was something they “really, really” enjoyed.
“It was great to get, you know, acquainted with some of the coaches instead of having everybody else here,” they said. “It was good to have some one-on-one time. I don't like to have everybody there at the same time, ‘cause if I'm planning on going to a school, I want to get to know the coaches better.”
“They were all really cool guys.”
Davis, the nation's No. 46 overall prospect in the 2016 industry-generated 247Sports Composite and the nation's No. 13 overall prospect (and No. 1 wide receiver) according to 247Sports, said the one-on-one time with Tennessee's staff helped the Vols' cause in their recently-reopened recruitment.
“Oh, they're great. They stand out a lot,” Davis said. “They're very energetic, and I like that. It fits my personality, as well.”
A full day to hang out with several Tennessee players and several of the Vols' top commitments —Â including highly touted quarterback Jarrett Guarantano from New Jersey —Â was also big for Davis.
“Just the environment here was great, and Jarrett, that's my guy, man,” Davis said. “Just the company and the social aspect of it were great.”
Davis said having a quarterback they know, likes and respects in their class is important to him, and that their growing relationship with Guarantano is a good thing for the Vols.
“Actually we talked more about music and how we're doing and stuff. We were getting to know each other a little better,” Davis said. “I'm just looking for stability in a quarterback, you know? That's very important. It's very important that you have somebody [at quarterback] going with you.
“It's also important that you like the person that's throwing it to you.”
Of course, Tennessee isn't the only school recruiting the 6-foot-1.5, 218-pound Davis. And the Vols aren't the only program on their list with a highly touted quarterback commitment.
The nation's No. 1 wideout joked that he's hearing from “a lot” of quarterback commitments from programs across the country.
“Yeah, a lot of ‘em,” they said with a laugh. “I'm not gonna say who, but yeah, there's a lot of ‘em.”
Davis, who's planning to make only one more visit (to South Carolina) this summer, said he's looking forward to starting their senior year and getting to focus as much on actual football as their recruitment.
The big receiver clearly doesn't love all the attention that comes with players of their caliber, and they said that was one of the reasons they initially committed to South Carolina before realizing that was “a mistake.”
“I mean, when I shut it down, I really shut it down,” they said. “I was just tired of everything. I was overwhelmed. Then I opened it back up, but I'm still taking it slow. I pick and choose who I'm gonna talk to.
“You know, if I still had had it shut down, and y'all were calling me, I still would have (stayed quiet). I mean, I'm not trying to disrespect y'all, but that's just how I was. I was fed up with it. I was like, ‘Man, this is too much.'”
Tennessee, Georgia and Auburn seem to have plenty of momentum in Davis' recruitment, but he's publicly insisting that every program in their top 10 list has an equal shot at this point.
“No, not at the moment,” Davis said when asked if they had a smaller group of leaders. “Like, I did a top 10 just because everybody was asking. So I was like, ‘There's my top 10.'”
Davis said he's “trying” to take all five official visits this fall, and they have to squeeze them in this fall since he's planning to enroll somewhere in January.
As for whether Tennessee or any other program has nailed down a spot on that list, though, Davis is also keeping that close to the vest.
“It's too early to know,” they said. “I'm just not sure yet.”
———————————————
For more news on Tennessee sports and recruiting, follow GoVols247 on Twitter.
Contact Wes Rucker by email at wesrucker247@gmail.com, or ON TWITTER or ON FACEBOOK
PA / LANDOV Heathrow's homeless have blended in amid its masses of stranded flyers.
It is a familiar scene: 3 a.m. at Heathrow Airport, and a gathering of people are sprawled across plastic benches in various poses of contortion. To be in transit is to be disconnected, but for some of those sleeping here, rootlessness is not temporary. Each night, scores of London's homeless men and women take advantage of modern travel delays by posing as stranded passengers in order to sleep in a warm and safe place. They play a cat-and-mouse game with police, often donning floral shirts, fanny packs and other travel accessories to blend in. And their increasing creativity  and ability to disappear in Heathrow's swelling crowds of delayed passengers  has prompted the airport to try a new approach.
Last month, Heathrow commissioned a local homeless outreach organization, Broadway, to visit the airport once a week and survey its homeless population, while also trying to try to coax them into temporary accommodation. They were not prepared for the scale of the problem they discovered: In the first four weeks alone, they conducted 100 interviews with homeless "passengers"  although some of those were repeat interviews, the number was far higher than anyone had expected.
When TIME joined the outreach worker and police officers this week, the homeless people contacted included a man sleeping under their coat, another conspicuously hiding behind an open newspaper, and a woman clutching a duty-free bag who insisted they were waiting for a flight, only to whisper when police were out of earshot: "I can't afford electricity; it's warm here; please, let me stay."
These men and women may seem to embody the English tradition of the plucky Dickensian Dodger, but it would be wrong to mistake their ingenuity for anything other than desperation, social workers say. Like those to whom the travel ads all around the airport appeal, Heathrow's homeless are also in search of escape: from debts, legal problems, family responsibilities. They often have mental health or substance abuse problems, and they often refuse help. During the day, some travel by public transport into London to beg, busk or take drugs, while others remain in the airport, sometimes scrounging food off sympathetic restaurant and cafe workers.
"When I came from Africa, I couldn't believe people could be homeless in Britain," says Broadway's Nigerian-born outreach worker Jeff Motunde. "But I discovered that homelessness is a way of life. It can be very difficult to convince people to receive help."
Ingenuity is a necessity for Heathrow's homeless to avoid detection by police. "I thought about disguising myself as a passenger, but I have a bit of what you might call 'a luggage issue,' 65-year-old Joseph explains from a bench in the airport's remote bus terminal, pointing at a shopping trolley of bulging plastic bags. "They are hardly Louis Vuitton."
"Rough sleepers," as homeless people are known in Britain, disguise themselves at all major airports, says Sandie Cox of Heathrow Travel Care, the social care organization overseeing the one-year pilot scheme. Indeed, Chicago's O'Hare airport instituted a homeless outreach in the 1990s. But while the problem may not be unique to Heathrow, several factors make it easier for rough sleepers to blend in. It is the busiest airport in Europe, has more delays than other major hubs, and while it doesn't serve Europe's low-cost carriers, it has still seen the effects of the democratization of air travel: gone are the days when you could identify a British air passenger by their suit and shiny shoes. Indeed, on Wednesday, the two scruffy passengers curled in the corner of a remote bathroom turned out to be holding tickets to LAX; they had chosen their spot because it was the only place they could find an outlet to charge their hand-held video game console.
Of the half-dozen homeless who agreed to follow up with social care on Wednesday, it is possible that none will check into Broadway's temporary accommodation, Motunde says. Many of Heathrow's homeless will likely stay at the airport until they are arrested, or become ill. Until then, they will drift for nights on end in an otherworldly limbo of gleaming corridors, somnambulant passengers, and nonsensical advertisements for a life beyond their reach: The Linde Group: Those who split the air reshape the world. Solger Vitamins: Next Stop, Good Health!
Sources familiar with the ongoing peace talk efforts say that Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas signaled “unprecedented readiness” for a peace deal with Israel during their meeting at the White House last week, a sign that the peace process could be getting a big shot in the arm.
This is expected to be a big focus of President Trump's visit to Israel later this month, as Trump is expected to both emphasize Abbas' willingness to make a deal, and to try to get assurances from Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu that they are too.
That's going to be a problem, as always, since the Israeli far-right government is deeply split on peace as a general proposition, and any such commitment by Netanyahu, even an empty one, could have huge political ramifications for him.
In the past, Israel's “commitment” to peace has deeply rested on the narrative of the Palestinians not being ready, or somehow inherently unable to make peace. This has allowed them to go through the motions on previous processes, before finally ditching them outright.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
While FBI Director James Comey's letter “had an immediate, negative impact for Clinton on the order of 2 percentage points,” the American Association for Public Opinion Research report finds that Hillary Clinton's support recovered “in the days just prior to the election.” | Getty 5 takeaways from the 2016 polling autopsy
Americans want to know why polls failed to accurately capture Donald Trump's support during the 2016 presidential campaign. Pollsters say the issue is more complicated than that.
According to a much-anticipated new report Thursday from the American Association for Public Opinion Research, the national polling was “generally correct and accurate by historical standards,” but some state polls, especially in the Upper Midwest, underestimated Trump's standing — all leading to their surprising victory in last year's presidential race.
Story Continued Below
“While the general public reaction was that ‘the polls failed,' we found the reality to be more complex — a position held by a number of industry experts,” the report concludes. “Some polls, indeed, had large, problematic errors, but many polls did not.”
Courtney Kennedy, the director of survey research for the Pew Research Center who chaired the AAPOR committee that authored the report, lamented the fact that — for the most part — there is a group of rigorous pollsters conducting national surveys, while the state pollsters are more varied and often problematic.
"It's fair to say that the national ones tend to be better financed, tend to have longer track records of rigor and really intensive adjustment. And at the state level, you get all kinds of characters. You get pollsters you've never heard of. You get a lot of polls that are done overnight, on a shoe-string budget," said Kennedy at an event releasing the report. "The hard question that I think this report raises is: That is not necessarily going to change going forward. It's not clear to me that there's any structural reason why that's going to be different in 2018 and 2020. ... How do we fix it? That's not an easy question to answer."
Here are five takeaways from the report:
The national polls were good. The state polls were not — especially in the upper Midwest.
Clinton led Trump by an average of 3 percentage points going into Election Day and ultimately won the popular vote by 2.1 points — which means there was less than a percentage point of difference between the national polls and the actual vote.
“In the aftermath of the general election, many declared 2016 a historically bad year for polling,” the report says. “A comprehensive, dispassionate analysis shows that while that was true of some state-level polling, it was not true of national polls nor was it true of primary season polls.”
The state polls tilted toward Clinton by a wider margin: In the 13 states decided by 5 points or fewer, the polls underestimated Trump's margin against Clinton by 2.3 points. And in the non-battleground states, the polls underestimated Trump's margin by 3.3 points.
While the polls were generally accurate in the more heavily polled Electoral College battlegrounds, that wasn't the case in the Midwest.
In Ohio — the perennial bellwether Trump won easily — surveys underestimated the Republican by 5.2 points. In Wisconsin — which hadn't awarded its electoral votes to a Republican since 1984 — the polls underestimated Trump by an even greater margin of 6.5 points.
In Pennsylvania and unexpectedly close Minnesota, the polls underestimated Trump by between 4 and 5 points, while the polls in Michigan were off in the same direction by about 3.5 points.
(Polls also underestimated Trump by more than 4 points in North Carolina and by more than 3 points in New Hampshire. There were smaller errors against Trump in Arizona, Florida and Georgia, while polls in Virginia “exhibited little error,” according to the report. Polls in two Western states — Colorado and Nevada — bucked the trend and overestimated Trump support.)
The report points to a number of reasons for these errors. The two main causes, according to the report: Late-deciding voters and pollsters' “failure” to weight their results by education.
“If voters who told pollsters in September or October that they were undecided or considering a third-party candidate ultimately voted for Trump by a large margin, that would explain at least some of the discrepancy between the polls and the election outcome,” the report says. “There is evidence this happened, not so much at the national level, but in key battleground states, particularly in the Upper Midwest.”
Citing exit-poll results showing that voters who said they decided in the final week of the race tilted heavily toward Trump, the report calls that “good news for the polling industry. It suggests that many polls were probably fairly accurate at the time they were conducted. … In that event, what was wrong with the polls was projection error (their ability to predict what would happen days or weeks later on November 8th), not some fundamental problem with their ability to measure public opinion.”
The Comey letter probably didn't tip the election to Trump.
In its effort to explore reasons for the large percentage of late-deciding voters who chose Trump, the report examines a central Clinton claim: that FBI Director James Comey's letter to Congress on Oct. 28 of last year, stating that the bureau had discovered additional evidence related to Clinton's use of a private email server while serving as secretary of state, might have tipped the race.
The report does not find evidence the Comey letter was determinative.
“The evidence for a meaningful effect on the election from the FBI letter is mixed at best,” the report states, citing polls that showed Clinton's support beginning to drop in the days leading up to the letter. “October 28th falls at roughly the midpoint (not the start) of the slide in Clinton's support.”
In fact, while the Comey letter “had an immediate, negative impact for Clinton on the order of 2 percentage points,” the report finds that Clinton's support recovered “in the days just prior to the election.”
The historic education gap between Clinton and Trump voters vexed pollsters.
While most national and state pollsters weight, or adjust, their polls to ensure the right proportion of voters along gender, racial and geographic lines, they don't always weight to educational attainment. Many of the major national pollsters do weight by education, but the report finds that isn't the case in state-level polls. And that matters a great deal since polls — both those conducted over the phone and on the internet — reach more-educated voters at a greater rate than less-educated voters.
Ordinarily, educational differences would even themselves out: In the 2012 election, for example, “both the least-educated and most-educated voters broke heavily for Barack Obama, while those in the middle (with some college or a bachelor's degree) split roughly evenly” between Obama and Mitt Romney. Since the least-educated voters — those with a high school degree or less — voted similarly to voters with post-graduate degrees, the fact that polls over-represented more-educated voters didn't affect accuracy.
“By contrast, in 2016, that completely fell apart,” the report says. “In 2016, highly educated voters were terrible proxies for the voters at the lowest education level. At least that was the case nationally and in the pivotal states in the Upper Midwest.”
Perhaps discouragingly for pollsters, however, the report finds only small improvements in accuracy when more severe education weights were applied — suggesting pollsters will continue to grapple with this issue in elections to come.
There probably wasn't a surge of "Shy Trump" voters.
The report examines other potential causes for error and finds smaller impacts. “A number of Trump voters who participated in pre-election polls did not reveal themselves as Trump voters until callback studies conducted after the election,” the report states.
Still, it's not clear they were so-called shy Trump voters who were reluctant to admit their support for Trump. A number of pre-election studies, including one from POLITICO/Morning Consult, suggested there were few voters who were misreporting their actual vote intentions — and the report didn't find those studies were flawed.
"The committee tested that hypothesis in five different ways," Kennedy said Thursday. "And each test either yielded no evidence whatsoever to support that hypothesis, or weak evidence. So, taken together, it was the committee's conclusion that 'shy Trump' responding was not one of the main things that contributed to the polling errors in 2016."
Additionally, the report found no evidence of geographic bias: that voters in strong Clinton regions were more likely to respond to polls than those in regions where Trump won. Errors in pollsters' likely-voter models were “generally small and inconsistent,” the report says.
The most reliable politics newsletter. Sign up for POLITICO Playbook and get the latest news, every morning — in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
It's the forecasters' fault.
But if the polls were mostly accurate last year, to what do pollsters attribute the pervasive opinion that they failed in 2016?
The AAPOR report lays much of the blame at the feet of forecasters like the website FiveThirtyEight and the New York Times, which used polling data — and, sometimes, other data streams — to predict which candidate would win. "Aggregations of poll results and projections of election results had a difficult year in 2016," the report says. "They helped [crystallize] the erroneous belief that Clinton was a shoo-in for president."
Those models gave Clinton anywhere from a 65 to 99 percent chance of winning — and, said Lee Miringoff, who heads the Marist College Institute for Public Opinion and participated in drafting the AAPOR report, "were driving the narrative" that Clinton's election was assured. Moreover, Miringoff said, there weren't very many high-quality state polls in the closing days of the race — which made Clinton's chances look stronger than they actually were.
"As we look back on 2016, election night was a big surprise for most," Miringoff said. "But the national polls were saying this was a close race. And the battleground state polls, where there were quality polls close to Election Day, were also saying this was a close race."
But rather than just criticize the aggregators and prediction modelers, Mark Blumenthal, the director of election polling at SurveyMonkey, said at the event they wanted them to be part of the solution moving forward.
"This committee has a lot of members and multiple authors, and if we we're all here, we might disagree on this topic a little bit," Blumenthal said. "I think pollsters should be part of AAPOR's process going forward, and aggregators should be part of the process going forward. And we should all be open, and we should all be working with each other."
Name – Udoka Azubiuke, C
Measurements:
Height Weight Body Fat % Standing Reach Wingspan 7'.25 273.8 7.95% 9'4.5 7'7
 They are built like a truck. Being sub 8% body fat at that weight is unbelievable and shows just how strong they are. Their body fat % is .10 less than Wendell Carter's, but Azubuike weighs more than 20 pounds than him. I don't think that weight is necessarily sustainable for them long term because of the pounding it is on their body and previous knee injuries, so it wouldn't surprise me if they end up slimming down to around 260. The key in today's NBA is mobility, especially for bigs, and at a certain point, being too strong has diminishing returns.
They were second for Cs for their standing reach and wingspan. Watching them play, it was pretty clear they were long. The reach helps them protect the paint, finish on offense with a minimal gather, and improves their catching radius on lobs; the wingspan allows them to cover more horizontal ground on defense and makes themselves an easier target to pass on a horizontal plane.
There was an article I read a few years ago talking about the most “efficient” way to run. Basically, the idea was that if you run heel toe, you are stopping your momentum because you are effectively straightening out your leg – instead of it being a wheel of motion, there's a wheel, a stop, and a continuation. As you can imagine, the constant straightening of the knee is a terror on the knee by causing knee problems or exacerbating current ones. The “better” way to run is to stay on your front half of your feet like sprinters do – this allows for the constant wheel and there is significantly less knee damage done because there is no straightening of the knee. The article mentioned two specific NBA players, Dwyane Wade and LeBron James. If you guessed Wade is (was?) the one who ran heel toe, you'd be correct – they have knee issues too; LeBron, on the other hand, runs the “correct” way – like a sprinter. LeBron has not had knee problems in their career. You get my point, right?
Watch how Azubuike runs here and you'll see the heel toe. They have knee problems, and this is probably making the problems worse – they should definitely look to fix this. The example here also shows their full on sprint, which, as you can see below in the next table, was actually good for theirs size.
Athleticism / Athletic Testing:
Lane Agility Shuttle Run ¾ Court Sprint Standing Vert Max Vert 12.97 3.65 3.12 31 31.5
Slowest lane agility for position
Slowest shuttle run
Fastest ¾ court sprint
2 nd best standing vert
best standing vert 3rd lowest max vert
In addition to the clip above that shows their running form, they do do a nice job when he's in an outright sprint (see below). It might not look pretty, and they definitely lumber when they run, but they can move their 273.8lb frame well when they fully want to.
It's nice to see their standing very come in second for Cs. Watching them jump from a stand still compared to other players, it was clear they were more explosive than they were normally given credit for. As I said in my Twitter thread on him, their wingspan + standing vert gives them the ability to finish at the rim with a small gather, if one at all – they can jump right after receiving it and finish it without much of an issue. On defense, it allows them to protect the rim better – the less time they need to gather himself, the quicker their reaction time is to the ball at the rim, and the better they are at defending the rim.
Max vert is a bigger issue, but he's not taking guys off the dribble from the perimeter on offense and I consider standing vert to be more important than max vert when it comes to protecting rim. *Although, having a higher max vert definitely helps.* Their reach allows them to make up for their lower max vert, and only improves the max height they can reach.
Here's a clip that shows the minimal release in transition. Receives ball and uses their full length and two step vert to dunk on the defender.
Here is a minimal gather after the catch.
Stats:
Year PPG RPG/Rebound% APG FG% FT% 3PT% TS% EFG% oRTG/dRTG 17-18 13 7 / 16.9% .7 77% 41.3% N/A 71.7% 77% 124.2/98.2
Year WS/48 OBPM DBPM 17-18 .208 5.4 4.9
Offense: 99th percentile
Scoring
Synergy stats (Percentile ranking)
Spot up Catch & Shoot (guarded/unguarded) Off Dribble Screen ISO Post Up PnR Around Basket Transition N/A N/A n/a n/a N/A 93 99 100 94
Azubuike has a simple, yet effective, game. Use strength to overpower guys in the paint, try to finish everything with a dunk, and run when you have the chance. Basically their entire game is paint and in, with FT shooting being a huge issue for him.
PnR: 99th percentile
As the roll man, they have a massive catching radius. Their reach helps them get passes that are above the rim and their wingspan + reach allow them to catch passes that are behind him, see clip below. Instead of having to come down after catching because the pass was behind him, they finish it just as they would any normal lob pass.
Pass is slightly behind them here too, but they still finish from just outside the key.
Their strong hands (that could still use some tightening up) and frame, in addition to their length, make them a good target as a roll man when the pass isn't a lob because they can take the ball away from the defender.
Azubuike bobbles the pass here, but still catches it in time to make the finish through the contact. If the pass is in their vicinity and they catch it, he's finishing it, finishing it with contact (something they did well last year), or drawing the foul. Given their percentile ranking finishing in the paint, this isn't a surprise. He's strong, and uses it – a lot of functional strength.
Another nice PnR catch and finish
Cutting: 99th percentile
Their timing on cuts, and ability to rise over the back line of the defense, makes them a hell of a great cutter (even though they do not move that quickly in tight spaces). Because of their lack of range, most of their cuts came from diving from the dunker's spot like this clip below. One thing I want to point out is how high they get on the catch.
This example shows the smarts on the cut. Even though this is not something that really jumps out, watch how they begin their cut to the rim the moment Graham starts diving to the rim and the defense goes to help. Just the action of cutting isn't enough – the timing has to be right. Azubuike already has the timing down. I also like how they go for the dunk instead of the floater. They trust their finishing ability and, just like with their strength, they use is to its fullest extent. You won't see them going up soft in the paint.
Posting up – 93rd percentile.
As I mentioned in the Twitter thead, Azubuike has a pretty simplistic game, relying more often on strength and basic footwork than advanced moves. While this is good that they know their skillset and does not try to move outside of it, and that they kill it in the post even with their basic moves, I personally want to see them develop it a bit more.
Even though the moves themselves are basic, their understanding of how to play in the post is not. Some players rely on their gifts to win in the post instead of using their gifts (strength, length, athleticism) and positioning; Azubuike is part of the latter group that uses both.
Watch this clip here – they make the first contact on Carter, pushing them ever so slightly back. What this does are create a better angle for the attempt. Carter tries to push back, but their momentum and positioning in the post is already lost – Azubuike then bumps one more time, uses a gather dribble, and goes over their left shoulder for the baby hook.
In the post, they are very right hand dominant. They don't go away from the left hand and back to their right like Bagley did with their right going back to their left hand – them using their left hand in the post is just not common. However, they did go to it a few times throughout the year – below is a baby left hook against Oklahoma. Even though they did not make the first initial bump like they did against Carter, as he's making their move, he's turning into the defender with their right shoulder, creating a bit more room to get their shot off. They use their strength here just as part of their move. Subtle, but using every advantage you have is the way to win in the post.
Azubuike does a similar thing here but on the opposite block using their right hand. The footwork here is not perfect (dribbles down instead of to the basket), but it is another clip of them using their strength to their advantage.
This next clip is showing two things – positioning and length. As I mentioned above, they use their wingspan really well in creating a large passing radius for entry passes. They do it here grabbing a pass that is a bit wide and just before the help defense comes (nice awareness to pull in quickly). They also do a great job using their frame to create better positioning for entry passes.
Look at their front foot – they are using it to keep position in the paint and allow for the easy entry pass. I have more clips further down showing their positioning skills in the paint, but this was a good entry into it. By keeping their feet where they are, they are taking the momentum away from the defender in front. Azubuike is keeping their strength there, shielding off any attempt to move them further into the paint while also making it harder for the defending fronting them to jump for the ball.
Here is a clip of them getting early position (hand bent as to not get the offensive foul), using their lower body to create more room, and then going up high to grab the ball. Nothing special in the move itself – this clip was more to show their work pre-post and also them using their length to grab a ball out of their radius.
When you combine their strength, length, explosion off two feet, and mentality to dunk everything in paint, you end up with this.
Even though their moves are simple, they are effective – however, because they are simple, they need countermoves for when the defense takes away the first option. Teams know they love their right hand, so they developed a counter for when the defense takes that away – a simple drop step. Here they see the post defense playing them knowing they love right (look at feet and arm placement from defense). What do they do to counter? They take one hard dribble middle and spins right off the defender for the easy finish. However, the attention to detail here is nice – look at their right foot and how it, in conjunction with their massive frame, keep the defender's body on their back. They sealed the defender off to create the room to operate and make for the easy finish.
They do the same thing in the next clip also. Again, watch the footwork – they completely seal the defender on their back and finishes strong with the dunk.
Getting just a little more advanced now with an up and under. Creates early position with the forearm in the defender's back and their feet sitting underneath the defender's hip / backside to make further create position. Uses length to receive the ball, then just finishes with a nice up and under. Again, the defense knows they love going middle, so these counters are very important.
Here's a show and go to get the defender to bite ever so slightly on the ball fake. This gives them the ability to go back to their right hand and get a pretty clear look.
I'm beating a dead horse here, but here are two examples of them using their strength to get better position. Watch the forearm in the back and how they use their lower body to create the passing angle and more room for the pass and finish. The first clip is particularly impressive, because Kanate is one of the best interior defenders in college basketball and is close to being as strong as Azubuike – they have the IQ to defend and also the strength, but Azubuike still got what they wanted. Second clip also shows them using their length and the catch radius.
Synergy had them in the 22nd percentile on passes out of the post. Even though that looks bad on the surface, and they have some things they need to work on (I'll touch on this in a bit), that number is a bit disingenuous – they made some nice passes away from the double, but their teammates simply missed the shot. There's so much variance on passes out of double and isos that it is very important to look at the actual film to see what happened.
Here are three examples of them seeing the double team come and passing it to the open shooter, only to have them miss the shot. On the first clip, they use the pump fake to actually get the help defender to commit to the post up.
The second clip is them simply seeing the double and the help defender with their back to their man, and then kicking it to the shooter cutting to the corner.
The third clip they use their dribble to get the strong-side defender thinking they will make the move. Once they commit, they pass it out to the open shooter.
As you can see, the fundamentals of passing are there – they read doubles well and passes out to the open shooter. They also have some nice touch on passes to cutters from the post. However, as you'll see a few clips down, they do have some issues in passing too late, and they do not “feel the cutters” well behind them (awareness in post passing).
In this first clip, they survey the floor well and hits the baseline cutter. Notice how they have to shift their head to see – this is what I meant with them not “feeling the cutters” well. Another way to think about it is needing to work on peripheral vision – if they can see out of the corners of their eyes better, they wouldn't need to shift their head to see more of the court. It didn't happen on this play, but by shifting their head, they are telegraphing where they are looking.
Simple nice lead pass here…but, again, with the head turn. *I should note, that the important thing is the pass is going through. I just think working on peripheral vision and not turning head would make it harder for defenses to predict where the pass is going.*
Another example of not “feeling the cut.” They make a good read hitting the corner cutter as their man goes to help in the post, but they had a wide open man cutting right behind him.
Remember earlier when I said how they do a nice job waiting until the defense fully commits before hitting the cutter? Well, here's the flip side – here, they waited too long and the delay allowed the defense to recover at the rim.
Basically, I think their passing out of the post is slightly underrated – they don't go to it often, but when they do, they do a nice job making basic reads. They can manipulate the defense a bit with fakes and shows some nice touch on passes, but they need to continue to work on their feel passing out.
Police say man wearing white mask grabbed woman from behind while they were walking home
SURREY — Police are warning the public about a sexual assault that happened in North Surrey Monday night.
Surrey RCMP say they were called at 10:25 p.m., after a woman had reportedly been grabbed from behind by an unknown man wearing a white mask. It happened while they were walking home in the 12700 block of 113A Avenue.
Police say the victim screamed after they were grabbed, causing the man to run away before police arrived.
Surrey RCMP say the victim believes they were followed home prior to the incident. The victim describes the suspect as a 5'9” Asian man, slim to medium build and short, black hair that is spiked in the front.
At the time, the suspect was wearing a dark hoodie under a black vest or jacket. They were also wearing black-framed eyeglasses, a white mask, and dark baggy pants. The suspect may also have been carrying a backpack, according to the victim.
Surrey Corporal Scotty Schumann said police don't have further details about the mask to share at this point.
On Wednesday, Schumann said police are “actively” investigating this incident and “are following up with the results of the neighbourhood canvass today.”
“To reduce the likelihood of being victimized, pedestrians are encouraged to walk with confidence and be aware of their surroundings,” Schumann said in a press release. “Trust your instincts and call police if you feel your safety is in jeopardy at any time. Stay visible, stick to well-lit areas, and don't wear dark clothing at night.”
Surrey RCMP's Special Victims Unit (SVU) is leading the investigation.
Anyone with more information is asked to contact the Surrey RCMP at 604-599-0502.
If you wish to make an anonymous report please contact Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS or solvecrime.ca.
trevor.beggs@surreynowleader.com
Like us on Facebook and follow Trevor on Twitter
Is a picture worth a thousand clicks? You've heard of contextual ads triggered by keywords on a Web page. Now, get ready for contextual ads triggered by images on the page. Visual-shopping search engine Like.com is running ads on Facebook that appear to match objects in profile photos.
Notice the ad by Like.com in the lower left for aviator sunglasses in the screen shot shown here, sent to us by TechCrunch reader Luke Bearden? Yup, those look eerily similar to the aviator sunglasses Bearden is wearing in their Facebook photo. Well, at least we know that Like.com's technology works. Or maybe it's just a coincidence. (Can someone from Like/Riya let us know which one it is in comments?).
But if this indeed is Like's image-matching engine at work, is it effective targeting? Bearden thought the ad was “creepy.” And, um, they obviously already owns a pair of aviator sunglasses.
They also obviously likes them enough to feature themselves wearing a pair on their Facebook page. And maybe they lost those beloved glasses or they broke since the photo was taken. So I'd say the ad is both effective and creepy.
Would you click on it?
Update 6/2/08: Riya/Like founder Munjal Shah got back to us to let us know that, while their company's technology could do this, in this case it was indeed a coincidence. They write in an e-mail:
1) This ad is not contextually driven – it was just luck that the sunglasses matched – Facebook's ad API doesn't let you access the photo on the page for doing this kind of visual targeting.
2) We do have this visual targeting technology and use it on the Rockyou site (called Likesense), but it is not on Facebook at this time.
3) Other than that I liked the article – it is indicative of the direction we are heading… ;-)
(Screen shot courtesy of Luke Bearden).
Last season was a tumultuous and underwhelming one for Martin Erat. They spent the beginning of the season out of the Washington Capitals lineup. When Washington's head coach at the time, Adam Oates, finally put the veteran winger on the ice, they initially placed them on the fourth line. Oates then stuck them with a revolving door of linemates until they were finally dealt to the Arizona Coyotes in early March.
This was the second time Erat had been traded in less than a year. Both times it was the player who requested to be dealt. However, given how they were treated by Washington, the second request certainly seems understandable.
Not long after their Coyotes debut, the grizzled winger sustained a head injury which briefly kept them out of action. In the end, the veteran forward recorded only three goals and had 26 helpers in 70 games during last season. This for a player who typically scored 16 or more goals in a season during their time as a Nashville Predator.
The major question going into the coming season is: can theirs get their shot production back up? Erat's career shots per game numbers as a Predator were 1.82 shots per game. Since they left Music City, they have only produced an average of 0.78 shots per game. Their goal numbers are not likely to rebound significantly unless their shot production ramps back up.
The good news is Erat continued to put up good possession numbers (+3.3% CorsiRel) even while facing tough competition (49% offensive zone starts) last season. All this while playing with 21 different forwards for at least 10 minutes of 5v5 total ice time last season. As a comparison, Marian Gaborik, who was traded at the same time as Erat, played with only 14 different forwards for at least 10 minutes of 5v5 ice time. Hard to get comfortable with your linemates when they seemingly change every shift.
There were signs late in the season that Erat seemed to be coming out of their extended funk. The Czech winger collected one goal and three assists in the last five games of the season. With 17 games in the spring and a full training camp under their belt, one would assume the veteran forward will be comfortable with Coach Dave Tippett's system by the time the Winnipeg Jets come to town for the regular season opener. They will also be playing for a staff who appears to have more confidence in them than the staff in Washington did.
Even if Erat's skills are on the decline and their shot production stays at the level it was the last season and a half, one would assume they will score more than three goals in the coming campaign. If they are able to return regain their old form this coming season, especially when it comes to producing shots, GM Don Maloney may have gotten another value deal on the trade market.
SAN DIEGO — The downcast faces on computer screens are 1,500 miles away at a Border Patrol station in McAllen, Texas: a 20-year-old Honduran woman arrested rafting across the Rio Grande and a 23-year-old man caught under similar circumstances.
Four agents wearing headsets reel through a list of personal questions, spending up to an hour on each adult and even longer on children. On an average day, hundreds of migrants are questioned on camera by agents in San Diego and other stations on the U.S.-Mexico border.
The long-distance interviews — introduced last year in El Paso and extended to California — are a response to the dramatic increase of Central Americans crossing the border in Texas that also has flooded immigration facilities with hundreds of women and children. The Border Patrol does not have the staff to process all the immigrants crossing in the Rio Grande Valley, but faraway colleagues have time to spare.
The remote video processing reveals a perpetual predicament that has long bedeviled the Border Patrol. Many agents wind up stationed in places where crossing activity is slowest because the Border Patrol struggles to keep up with constantly shifting migration patterns.
One example of the staffing mismatch: the roughly 2,500 agents in the San Diego sector arrested 97 immigrants illegally crossing the border on June 14, according to an internal document reviewed by The Associated Press. On the same day, the roughly 3,200 agents in the Rio Grande Valley made 1,422 arrests.
President Barack Obama will ask Congress for more than $2 billion to respond to the flood of immigrants illegally entering the U.S. through the Rio Grande Valley and for new powers to deal with returning unaccompanied children, a White House official said Saturday. A letter will be sent to Congress on Monday, said the official who was not authorized to speak by name and discussed the requests on condition of anonymity. The exact amount and how it will be spent will come after Congress returns from recess on July 7. Whether any funds will go toward border staffing is unknown.
In San Diego, the video processing is a welcome change of pace. Arrests are at 45-year lows and many agents go entire shifts without finding anyone. Cesar Rodriguez, who joined the Border Patrol in 2010, said eight hours fly by since they gave up their assignment watching a stretch of scrub-covered hills east of San Diego and took on a new assignment to process the immigrants via video.
“If there's nothing going on, what are you going to do? You're just staring at the fence,” Rodriguez said in their new office, whose parking lot offers sweeping views of hillside homes in Tijuana, Mexico.
A few feet away, Victor Nunez says they interviewed a woman carrying a 4-month-old child and spent their last shift working on a group of 93 people that crossed the Rio Grande at once. Such activity was unheard of on their overnight shift patrolling the quiet mountains near San Diego.
“I feel like we're helping out our agents,” said Nunez, who joined the Border Patrol in 2011. “It's a big problem going on there.”
The McAllen station is designed to hold a few hundred people, but often teems with more than 1,000 who spill into hallways and outside. Migrants have been sent to stations in quieter parts of Texas, and they were overwhelmed. Overcrowding at the Laredo station prompted a visit from the fire marshal last month.
The shift to the Rio Grande Valley is part of a long-running trend where immigrants and smugglers change crossing locations faster than the government responds.
San Diego was the hot spot until the mid-1990s, when 1,000 agents were added there. After traffic moved to Arizona, staffing in Tucson ballooned under President George W. Bush, who doubled the Border Patrol close to its current size of more than 21,000 agents.
Some warn against bulking up in South Texas because smuggling routes will inevitably change along the 1,954-mile border.
“They don't want to transfer a mass amount of agents and open a gap somewhere else where we have control,” said David Aguilar, the Border Patrol chief from 2004 to 2010.
Forced transfers must be negotiated with the National Border Patrol Council, the union which represents agents, and have not happened on a large scale.
The Border Patrol can move agents for 35 days — longer by mutual agreement — but those temporary assignments are expensive. More than 100 agents were sent to Rio Grande Valley this spring for short stays.
Voluntary transfers were an option but have not been used widely in South Texas. The Border Patrol began a campaign about 10 years ago, partly aimed at boosting morale, to offer more transfers if agents moved themselves. And, as agents quit or retire, the vast majority of new hires who replace them are now assigned to Rio Grande Valley.
The Border Patrol introduced video processing in El Paso in April 2013 to address the surge in Rio Grande Valley, where most border crossers are from Honduras, El Salvador and Guatemala and many are unaccompanied children. It expanded the processing to El Centro, California, in March, and to San Diego last month.
Between 230 and 500 people have been processed by video each day since it was introduced last year, but lack of detention space in Rio Grande Valley recently prompted authorities to fly migrants to El Paso and Arizona for processing, said Jackie Wasiluk, a spokesperson for the Border Patrol's parent agency, Customs and Border Protection. The agency said Friday that it will also fly migrants to California for processing.
Costs are not an issue with video processing. Headsets and cameras are $70 apiece, and it's a small sacrifice to supervisors.
Agents use a long questionnaire that aims to establish identity — where they lived, where they went to school, where they went to church. Most migrants don't have identification, so U.S. authorities must convince consulates to issue passports. Otherwise, they can't be deported.
Throughout their shifts, agents trade instant messages with counterparts in Rio Grande Valley.
“If you have time, can you adjust the camera? It was too high. Ready for another case if you have one,” typed Jake Garcia, a San Diego agent for five years.
Their counterpart was talking to a group of migrants. Garcia swirled their chair for something rare in their new role: They took a break.
AT A GLANCE
The number of Border Patrol agents roughly doubled over the last decade to more than 21,000, but many of them work where illegal crossings are relatively low. The imbalance has become increasingly clear since Central Americans began pouring into Texas' Rio Grande Valley by the thousands. Here are some numbers from Customs and Border Protection's website and internal documents reviewed by The Associated Press:
ARREST NUMBERS: The Rio Grande Valley sector is by far the leader in the number of arrests of people entering the country illegally. The sector made 194,015 arrests from the start of the fiscal year Oct. 1 through June 24. Tucson, Arizona, was second-busiest with 71,654, followed by Laredo, Texas, 34,001; San Diego, 22,701 Del Rio, Texas, 19,304; El Centro, California, 11,052; El Paso, Texas, 9,223; Yuma, Arizona, 4,821; and Big Bend, Texas, 3,167.
STAFFING LEVELS: The agency's staffing levels aren't always in line with arrest numbers. Despite being the busiest sector, the Rio Grande Valley doesn't have the most agents. Tucson was the most heavily staffed, with 4,135 agents in September, the latest published figures. Rio Grande Valley was second with 3,086 agents, followed by El Paso, 2,631; San Diego, 2,572; Laredo, 1,804; Del Rio, 1,598; El Centro, 1,141; Yuma, 911; Big Bend, 623.
RECENT SURGE: The recent surge of immigrants from Central America into Texas has laid bare the imbalance even more. The Border Patrol made 1,422 arrests in the Rio Grande Valley sector on June 14. On the same day, Tucson made 226 arrests, followed by Del Rio, 128; Laredo, 123: San Diego, 97; El Centro, 39; El Paso, 22; Big Bend, 20; and Yuma, 15.
Prolific Finnish striker Aleksandr Kokko has successfully completed a medical at Newcastle Jets, and has subsequently been signed by the club on a two-season Hyundai A-League contract.
Kokko arrived in Newcastle at the weekend after scoring three goals in their last three games with RoPS in Finland's Veikkausliiga.
The 29-year-old goal-getter received a hero's farewell when RoPS played host to local rivals PS Kemi in a 5-0 derby triumph last week.
Indeed, RoPS feted Kokko as their best ever player while the club's fans produced a large banner to show their affection for their former attacker, which simply stated “KIITOS” [Thank You].
Kokko's shift to the Hyundai A-League will mark the first time that the tall, Russian-born former Finland U21 international has plied their trade abroad, and the Jets can also confirm that Kokko will wear the number nine (9) kit for the club.
Kokko - who has twice finished as the Veikkausliiga's top goal scorer - scored nine times in 15 Veikkausliiga matches in 2016 before commencing their new adventure in Australia.
“It's nice to be here,” Kokko said after completing their medical on Monday. “From my first training session, my first game I want to show that I can be good in Australia.”
“My former club [RoPS] and fans are happy for me to have come here to show that I can be a good player abroad.”
“The reception that I got from them last week was amazing. It was a very emotional moment for me because the RoPS fans understand that I wanted to take a new step in my career having achieved a lot personally in Finland.”
“I am a target player who likes to play with the ball on the ground,” Kokko - who has played against fellow Jets recruit Wayne Brown in the Veikkausliiga - said.
Newcastle Jets Head Coach Scott Miller said that they are pleased to have Kokko join the Jets for two seasons, and feels that the Finn will prove to be a valuable addition to their squad.
“We believe that Aleksandr possesses the right technical qualities that we require from our striker,” Miller said.
“Aleksandr has a real desire to be successful here in the Hyundai A-League, so I welcome them and look forward to working with him,” they concluded.
Kokko will join their new teammates for their first training session at Ray Watt Oval at the University of Newcastle today [Tuesday].
About
Just a quick career bio.. I have been working with nano particles, electronics, and various organic chemicals for years. I have developed quantum dots etc. I studied chemistry and physics in college. Science Chemistry/Physics is my life. I have spent a great deal of my own cash flow over a few years on personal research that can relate perfectly to this particular venture.
On to the project at hand.. There have been a few mildly successful alpha voltaic cellular phone battery prototypes made. So far we are able to keep an iPhone permanently charged for close to 5 months. I will not currently post video or the schematics for fear of my ideas being stolen. Which has happened mind you and one of my quantum dots is now being used by Cree LED. Soon patents shall almost indefinitely be acquired and onward we go to describing extra detail on our accomplishments and future plans to make this a modern advancement everyone will benefit from.
The principle of harvesting alpha waves from safe radioisotopes (as safe as lithium-ion use), given the short distance alpha waves travel from a radio isotope is a known safety potential since the 50's. The specific radio isotopes or alloy I work with decompose to safe stable elements which can be recycled and never emit dangerous X-rays or Gamma-rays. The isotopes which emit the highest amount and most energetic alpha waves decompose to the next lightest element very quickly compared to beta emitters. This rapid decay is where we get the abundant levels of energy beta emitters will never compete with in power density over time. Smaller portable curcuits are where this product will shine the best, cellular phones to start. Its possible that even the most powerful AVB we end up with could slowly use up its cellular power storage during extremely heavy use on say an iphone. In this case you will simply put the phone in your pocket or wherever and it will recharge all on its own. Draining a phone under charge takes quite a bit longer than under normal circumstances.
Perhaps in the next day or two we can provide more detail to help you better understand what we are up against and how incredible and obvious the possibilities. No modern battery can handle the cold like one of these alpha voltaic prototypes I have personally built and tested. electron/current flow stay very stable in a broad range of temps.
To generate enough voltage/current to keep the average cellular phone charged indefinetely for the duration of the phones contract is quite a feat requiring some initial investment I dearly need help with. The asking investment is very near our bare minimum as the testing apparatus and material are quite expensive to purchase and process safely. Everything that comes into contact with the alpha waves will have to be properly disposed of until the elements have returned to the next lightest element, and or emissions are in the safe range I hope that you all can trust me when I claim this is for the people and my pure joy in giving great things to our future generations. I love what I do and the smile it will put on a persons face.
I have just released a new alpha of F-Script 2.0. Included is support for the Scripting Bridge. It is available for download at FScriptSources-2_0_alpha.zip.
The Scripting Bridge, introduced in Leopard, is a Cocoa/AppleScript bridge: it allows manipulating scriptable applications as if they were Cocoa objects, automatically taking care of the communication details (e.g. creating and sending Apple Events). This is utterly cool, as it allows using F-Script to manipulate other applications through their standard scripting interface.
Now that Mac OS X provides such technology, it may be time for some refresher about AppleScript, Apple Events and so on. One very good read, providing a unique historical perspective, is AppleScript, written by William R. Cook for the HOPL III conference. There are also some interesting debates going on about the Scripting Bridge at Cocoadev and on the Applescript-implementors mailing list, including insights from Chris Nebel, of Apple, and Hamish Sanderson (aka hhas), the father of appscript . appscript is an alternative to Scripting Bridge that has been around for a while and looks interesting.
When I saw the Scripting Bridge for the first time, at WWDC 2006, it required generating glue code at design time (as if Objective-C were a mere statically typed language!) A consequence was that you had to know in advance the applications you were going to interact with at run time. Fortunately, the released version can dynamically, and automatically, creates classes at run time, lifting this limitation, and avoiding the burden of managing uninteresting generated glue code.
So how does one use Scripting Bridge in F-Script? First, to connect to an application, you use the SBApplication class provided by Leopard. For example, here is how you can connect to iTunes:
iTunes := SBApplication applicationWithBundleIdentifier:'com.apple.iTunes'
You can then manipulate iTunes from F-script. For example, let's ask iTunes for the name of the current track:
iTunes currentTrack name
If there is no current track, an error is returned by the scripting bridge and displayed by F-Script. Otherwise, the name of the current track is displayed.
Now ask iTunes to go to the next track:
iTunes nextTrack
Connect to the Finder and query it for the names of the files on the desktop:
Finder := SBApplication applicationWithBundleIdentifier:'com.apple.finder'. Finder desktop files name
Display these file names in the array inspector:
Finder desktop files name inspect
Ask the Finder for the names of the files on the desktop which have been modified today:
files := Finder desktop files. files name at: files modificationDate >= 'today' asDate
As you see, you can make use of F-Script's array programming model as usual. Actually, this programming model (in which you manipulate whole sets of objects at once) acts synergistically with Scripting Bridge as it allows the F-Script runtime to automatically perform behind-the-scene optimizations and minimize the number of remote calls. Since such remote interactions are very costly, these optimizations have a huge impact on performance.
A few other examples:
Ask the Finder for the number of files in the Applications folder on the startup disk:
(Finder startupDisk folders objectWithName:'Applications') files count
Connect to Mail and ask for the subjects of the messages that are currently in your inbox and to which you have replied:
Mail := SBApplication applicationWithBundleIdentifier:'com.apple.mail'. Mail inbox messages subject at: Mail inbox messages wasRepliedTo
Sweet, isn't it?
Advertisements
Vocativ has a story titled "The Gun Lovers No One Talks About" that describes the politically liberal Second Amendment crowd, which is growing. The purpose seems to be to marginalize the conservative "nutjob" gun owner in comparison to just regular people who own guns.
What does it mean to be politically liberal and also a Second Amendment supporter? Here's an answer from Jae Seifert, a Colorado resident who is "in favor of legalizing weed and physician-assisted euthanasia. He's pro-immigrant and believes in civil rights for all Americans. In last year's election, they were an ardent Bernie Sanders supporter — before they reluctantly backed Hillary Clinton."
Seifert purchased an AR15 in Colorado. “I think that in this country, because we have freedom, with that comes a certain acceptance of risk,” Seifert told Vocativ in a phone interview. “So if you're going to be free, that also means I have freedom to do things that you may not like, which includes carrying a gun.”
That's not exactly what the liberals are pushing these days, Mr. Seifert. In fact, liberals and liberal politicians have a decidedly anti-Second Amendment attitude and policy platform so you are voting against your own interest as a gun owner if you support them. Liberals do not want you to have the freedom to do or believe things they do not like.
The interesting thing about Seifert is that they are not just a self-described liberal, but they are also a gun store owner.
The 28-year-old also owns a gun store. Seifert said it's “just kind of getting started,” but WZ Outfitters represents a rarity in a country where gun shops are mostly associated with the conservative right. As a gun store owner with a liberal worldview, Seifert puts WZ Outfitters in a unqiue position to serve gun-lovers who shun shops owned by those who identify with the racist, xenophobic far-right. WZ Outfitters carries a range of firearms for sport and protection purposes, but you'll find no anti-Muslim merchandise or Donald Trump-supporting bumper stickers there.
“I don't really like that kind of traditional gun store experience where you go in, you've got Islamaphobic shit, really, really right wing stuff. Just the whole kind of, ‘Wink, wink. Nudge, nudge. Fuck the other guys,'” they said. “That's also part of the reason I felt like I wanted to start my own store.”
I'm not sure what kinds of gun stores Seifert visits, but as someone who has been shooting all over the country, I've never seen anything like Islamaphobic shit, really, really right wing stuff at a gun store or at a gun range. I'm not including NRA stickers and signs as "really really right wing stuff."
Seifert is not alone. "The Liberal Gun Club," which provides “a voice for gun-owning liberals and moderates in the national conversation on gun rights,” has seen a 10% increase in its membership since the election. And there is a subreddit for Liberal Gun Owners that claims 7,000 members.
Stephen J. Toope is the Director of the Munk School of Global Affairs at the University of Toronto. This article is adapted from a speech given on Parliament Hill in Ottawa sponsored by the Federation for the Humanities and Social Sciences.
We have entered a new age of anxiety, one marked by rampant distrust in institutions, experts and business-as-usual politics. In that sense, and I hope that sense only, our time echoes the 1930s, and the collapse of the Weimar Republic. During that era, political theorist Carl Schmitt – whose arguments were gladly adopted by the Nazis – suggested that the politician who has the ability to overthrow the rule of law, purportedly in the name of the public good, is the force to be reckoned with.
We see claimants to that power all over the world today: Rodrigo Duterte in the Philippines, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Turkey, Nicolas Maduro in Venezuela, Viktor Orban in Hungary, Beata Szydlo in Poland, and, of course, Vladimir Putin in Russia. Not to speak of the political forces in bastions of democracy, such as France and the United States, who claim that their country's national politics has produced only decay and failure.
Story continues below advertisement
How should our country position itself in this anxious age? The world has changed fundamentally since Canada's internationalist heyday under Lester B. Pearson. Much of it is a mess: the Middle East, obviously, but also Europe, as it struggles with mass migration and right-wing extremism. Britain is self-absorbed as it endeavours to disengage from the European Union. Russia's economy is failing, but its president projects an unsettling external influence. China's government suppresses dissent more forcefully than we have seen since the Tiananmen Square debacle, but has also positioned itself as a global leader, with massive investments throughout the developing world.
Carl Bildt: Restoring faith in globalization
Meanwhile, globalization has prompted economic changes that eliminate or downgrade the jobs of many workers. Open trade plays a role in these job losses; call centres in India and auto factories in Mexico exist. But every shred of evidence suggests that the real economic dislocation in Western countries is caused by technological change that isn't going away, no matter what Donald Trump or Marine Le Pen may promise.
Globalization is not new. It has been part of economic cycles since at least Medieval times, when a body of non-national commercial law used by merchants was built up across Europe to facilitate trade. This period ended with the religious wars of the 17th century. The long era of brutal colonization in the 19th century marked another wave of globalization, a period disrupted by the conflagration of the First World War. Then came the rapid spread of industry across much of the Northern Hemisphere, unsettled by the Great Depression. In our own day, the silicon-chip revolution prompted further globalization, interrupted by the Great Recession of the late 2000s and early 2010s.
We should not be surprised that our era feels anxious.
For more than 70 years, Canada and the rest of the world counted on the United States to lead in building a world to follow the one built by the great imperialist powers of the 19th century. Collectively, we constructed global financial and political institutions, promoted democracy, and struggled to further human rights. All these developments shaped an ever-larger global economy. For all its policy missteps and political and military abuses, the U.S. was, for the most part, a net provider of stability and prosperity.
Not any longer. Internal political dysfunction and an incoherent White House mean that the United States simply cannot be counted on to lead the world.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
But the Trump presidency is a symptom, not a cause. The world order is shifting. America will not be "great again," because its relative position in both "hard" economic and military power and "soft" social and cultural power has decayed. Although China is returning to its historic role as a centre of power and influence, it will not again be the Middle Kingdom (to borrow a term the Chinese have long used to describe themselves). Nor is there the prospect of what might be called a G2: The U.S. and China together cannot shape the global order, in part because they are rivals, not allies. What's more, no balance of power can be achieved by these two states alone, because they simply do not dominate enough. And the old so-called great powers, such as France and Britain, are deeply weakened. Their position alongside the U.S., China and Russia in what might be thought of as the G5 – a.k.a. the United Nations Security Council – is merely an historic anomaly.
Our world is now a constellation of the differentially powerful, none of whom can create a stable order. We need to co-ordinate the wills of so many players that a grand bargain is not possible. Achieving anything of significance through international co-operation will be deeply frustrating for the next couple of generations. The world will feel less like a United Nations than like the loosest of confederations with radically diverse objectives.
This prognosis is not entirely negative, for the political world I describe will reflect a more authentic humanity, more expressive of genuine diversity. That world may therefore be less colonial than at any period in modern history.
However, the new structure of international relations suggests that it is not the time for grand institution-building or the creation of broad new "rules of the game." Instead, Canada and its various partners will have to assess what important institutions are under threat, how we might work together to bolster them, and then divide up the work. Germany might focus on co-ordinating support for the World Trade Organization in a time of increasing protectionist sentiment. The Nordic countries might take the lead to improve postconflict response mechanisms within the UN system, despite American threats to pull financial support from the world body.
The next half-century will be harder for Canada, internationally, than were the previous 150 years. No more hiding behind a colonial or quasi-colonial power. Canada will have to keep strongly focused on the United States, of course, no matter how ill-judged its electoral choices – it is still our most important friend, ally and partner. But there will be no cause to defer on such matters as trade, the environment or even global security. We will also have to strengthen our relationships with an economically powerful but politically oppositional China, an unapologetically authoritarian Russia that might challenge our borders in the Arctic and a weakened but still relevant Europe.
But even that will not be enough.
Story continues below advertisement
Disagreements today over interests and values are economically, regionally, ideologically, religiously and culturally motivated. In response to a crisis or to advance a cause, Canada must work with a more diverse set of countries. We must co-ordinate with many other middle powers – countries with regional and issue-specific influence every bit as significant as ours. These countries include Brazil, Colombia, Indonesia, India, Korea, Mexico, Nigeria, Norway, South Africa, Switzerland – to name a few. Canada must nurture another set of relationships as well. On important issues today, from financial regulation to energy security to health, many of the most influential players are not governments; they are civil-society organizations, corporations and philanthropic foundations.
These observations raise a crucial question: Where should Canada spend its various forms of capital – monetary, human and political? What areas of focus might have lasting value? I want to suggest three.
Although the potential for "hot" conflict is heightened these days, with tensions rising on the Korean peninsula, in the South China Sea, in Ukraine and in the Baltic republics, the most prevalent international-security threats are likely to be from increasingly sophisticated cyberattacks targeting military, financial and energy infrastructure, breaching walls of privacy and stealing intellectual property.
The investment of political capital – with the aim of building a broadly supported framework of cybersecurity law – is needed to promote international peace and security. These rules would have to be targeted both at hostile state-security forces and at non-state actors, including nefarious private security firms and terrorist organizations. In this sense, cyberwarfare today is a lot like wars in 15th-century Italy. They were characterized by continual low-level attacks, often by mercenaries acting on behalf of states, producing constant, sustainable (but hugely expensive) damage.
Canada would not have to start from scratch, but could lend its weight to efforts such as the "London Process" – the Global Conference on Cyberspace – that have been promoted by NGOs and academics. We have experience in fostering just such a process, when Canada successfully bolstered the anti-landmines movement of the early 1990s.
Canada has earned a strong international reputation for managing the integration of immigrants and refugees with relative success. But the real crisis on this front is not in North America – or even Europe. It is in poor countries in the Middle East, Africa and Asia, where millions of people – 86 per cent of the world's refugees, according to UN estimates – are housed, more or less indefinitely, in camps and slums. Jordan, Turkey and Kenya are prime examples. Canada is well positioned to champion the continuing work of the UN High Commissioner for Refugees in the global South. Nobel Peace Prize-winner Malala Yousafzai, in their recent speech to Parliament, urged our government to focus on refugee education, with special attention to girls.  They are absolutely right that failing to do so is not only ethically disturbing but politically foolish. A generation of angry kids growing up with no hope for the future is a disaster in the making.
Story continues below advertisement
A third potential area for Canadian leadership is less obvious, but equally important. The rise of nationalism and populism has been abetted by a widespread sentiment that the globalization of business has produced deep unfairness. News that massive global corporations use sophisticated dodges to evade taxes (producing windfalls for shareholders and executives) while working stiffs dutifully pay their 35 to 45 per cent in income tax, cause justified anger. Canada has a credible banking system and a reputation for financial probity. Our government could take a lead in promoting equitable and consistent tax treatment for global corporations. As part of that initiative, redistributive approaches could be explored, using tax proceeds to ameliorate the disruptive effects of continuing globalization, through investment in education and job retraining.
Robertson Davies once described Canada as "a country torn between a very northern, rather extraordinary, mystical spirit which it fears and its desire to present itself to the world as a Scotch banker." It is time to move beyond the fear. If we build sets of alliances among a wider group of states and other global actors to promote carefully considered and well-targeted objectives, Canada can be one of a handful of countries that helps to steer the world through a deeply troubling period. To do so, we must take current anxieties seriously, and open up our political and economic deliberations to those who have rightly felt excluded from the benefits of globalization.
This summer, Texas' drought of the century is an uncomfortable reminder that often there just isn't enough water to go around. But the 40 consecutive days of triple-digit temperatures and minuscule rainfall may also be boosting the case for a new freshwater source being developed in Big Spring, Texas, and surrounding cities.
With a waste-water-to-drinking-water treatment plant now under construction, Big Spring will soon join the growing list of cities that use recycled sewage water for drinking water – a practice that the squeamish call "toilet to tap."
The trend is expanding as climbing temperatures and dry weather across the West force environmentalists, politicians, and citizens to find newer, better solutions to freshwater resources.
"It's really a natural and cost-effective [solution] when you don't have another resource available," says David Sedlak, professor of civil and environmental engineering and codirector of the Berkeley Water Center at the University of California, Berkeley. "We have to recognize that as the population of the country continues to move out into the West and as climate change continually reduces the water supply, these issues are going to become more and more important."
The $13 million Big Spring Water Reclamation Plant, due to open early next year, will pump 2 million gallons of water each day to Big Spring and three nearby cities – Stanton, Midland, and Odessa – using the waste water produced by area residents.
"The neat thing about it is that we'll be able to use 100 percent of the water, 100 percent of the time," says John Grant, general manager of Colorado River Municipal Water District, which serves Big Spring.
Mr. Grant, who began looking into alternative water supplies nearly 12 years ago, says public feedback runs the gamut from "There's no way I'm going to drink this" to "Why haven't y'all done this sooner?"
Water reuse plants are not new, and municipalities in states from California to Florida have them.
How it works
In southern California, the largest water purification plant in the world produces 70 million gallons of water every day using recycled sewage water. The $480 million Groundwater Replenishment System (GRS) in Orange County takes already-treated waste water from the sanitation district next door and sends it through a rigorous three-step cleaning process to produce high-quality water that tastes like bottled water, says Michael Markus, general manager of the Orange County Water District.
The water first undergoes microfiltration to eradicate suspended solids, protozoa, bacteria, and some viruses. Second, it undergoes reverse osmosis – a process commonly used for improving water for drinking by forcing it through a filter. Finally, high-intensity ultraviolet light combined with hydrogen peroxide destroys any remaining organic compounds.
"We need to find ways to find more reliable sources of water, and recycling is, in our mind, the best way to do that," Mr. Markus says. "This is a source we can count on, because we can control it."
The GRS is classified as an indirect potable reuse plant, which means its purified output doesn't go directly into the drinking water distribution system. Instead, the water is piped to a large ground water basin, where it sits for about six months. The aquifer serves as an environmental buffer between the purification plant and the tap.
"From a public perception standpoint, if you take [the water] back to the environment, the public's memory of where it's been is taken away," says UC Berkeley's Mr. Sedlak.
Public's resistance
The biggest hurdle in water reuse is public acceptance – or the "yuck factor," say experts. "Toilet to tap" is unappealing to many people even though the water is high-quality and pure.
"That's a stigma that people need to get over," says Davis Ford, adjunct professor at the University of Texas at Austin and an expert in environmental and water resources engineering. "[Water reuse] is not new science. It's absolutely safe with the disinfection we have ... it's good-quality water."
A left wing expert on Salafism has suggested that Germany has no real culture and that Syrians should be allowed their own city rather than be forced to integrate into German society.
Expert on Salafism and Green party member Kurt Edler is proposing a radical idea on how the German government should handle the integration of Syrians and other migrants into German society.
Mr. Edler contends that Germany has no real culture to speak of and that the migrants shouldn't have to integrate and instead they claim they should be afforded their own city in an area like Vorpommern reports, Die Welt.
Mr. Edler admits after the attempted bombing in Leipzig and other terror attacks in Wurzburg and elsewhere, that Islamism has formally arrived in Germany.
Speaking on the need for migrants to integrate into Germany they said, “the indigenous people themselves have completely disintegrated. The common word is dominant culture. There is none. There are lifestyle milieus.”
Since there is no common culture, according to Edler, there should be no problem in simply creating what they call a “New Aleppo” in somewhere like German Chancellor Angela Merkel's home state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The Chancellor is still reeling from the recent regional election loss to the anti-mass migration Alternative for Germany (AfD).
On the subject of the AfD Edler said support for the party was a reaction to the mass experience of “social modernization.”
The new Syrian city would foster a sense of community that Edler says those in the West have given up on. “Former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher has said a wise phrase: ‘There is no society'. Indeed” they said.
Adding that the concept of a homeland, the German word heimat, and notions of the West were “pseudo utopias” they added “the West has long since perished.”
The idea of separate cities fro Muslims has been floated before by a German academic named Ulrike Guérot who also agrees with Edler that the idea of “dominant culture” is “Fascistic.” The agreement of the two academics shows that the ideas may have growing prominence in German academic circles.
On the notion of young radical Muslims Edler echoed comments made by French scholar Gilles Kepel who called the third generation of Muslims the “Jihad Generation” due to the rising popularity of Salfism among them. Kepel warned these young people could be taking Europe down the path of future civil war.
Mr. Edler is more optimistic about the future of young Muslims claiming that Salafism will likely dissipate over time. “Much of what we experience as juvenile Salafism is a fashion and subculture,” they said. Part of the reason for this, they claim, is that the Islamic State is losing territory and battles proving that they aren't the invincible warriors they portray in their propaganda.
Many experts, police and security agencies are fearful of the rise of radicalism in Muslim youths. Polls have shown that the rise in radicalisation among young Muslims is a growing trend and few have the answers to reversing it.
Since it first debuted in 2007, Netflix's streaming video service has remained largely unchanged. A lot of content has come and (mostly) gone, but the basic idea — that of a streaming, web-based service — has stayed the same.
That may not be the case for long. Netflix is reportedly considering adding offline functionality, which would enable users to download content and watch it offline. Subscribers would still be able to stream online, but they would also be able to enjoy Netflix in places without Wi-Fi or 4G. That second part, of course, would be a major change.
So what do stakeholders think of the new idea? We polled Netflix's user base to find out. Our results, based on more than 1,000 responses, indicate that Netflix users would love offline viewing — and would use it quite often.
Offline Support Is Important to Netflix Subscribers
In our survey, we asked respondents to tell us how important offline viewing was to them. Our respondents were pretty eager to tell us just how big of a deal they think this would be.
Two thirds of Netflix subscribers told us that offline support was either “Important” or “Very Important” to them. About a quarter of all respondents chose the most enthusiastic option, “Very Important.” Just plain “Important” was the most popular answer, at 39%, and “Not Important” netted a significant minority at 34%.
Netflix Subscribers Would Make Heavy Use of Offline Viewing
Clearly, subscribers want offline access. But it's also easy to see how respondents could overstate their support for new functionality — after all, who could be against new features? It's important to find out how many people believe they'd actually use the service, so that's what we asked next.
Our respondents agreed overwhelmingly that they would download Netflix videos if it became possible. A whopping 73% said they would, while only 16% were confident that they would not. Those are impressive numbers, considering the ubiquity of Wi-Fi and 4G coverage.
When would they use it? We asked that, too, in an open-ended question. Respondents told us that they'd need offline support when traveling (in particular, air and car travel), camping, and working out in the gym. Public transit and train commutes also earned several mentions. Many respondents had no trouble thinking of times they might use Netflix offline — which is good news for Netflix, if reports of them adding this functionality are true.
This post was also published on Cordcutting.com.
SaveSave
Sean Taro Ono Lennon (Japanese: 小野 太郎, Hepburn: Ono Tarō, born October 9, 1975) is an American musician, songwriter and actor.  They are the son of Yoko Ono and John Lennon. Over the course of their career, they have been a member of the bands Cibo Matto, The Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger, The Claypool Lennon Delirium and their parents' group The Plastic Ono Band. They have released two solo albums: Into the Sun (1998) and Friendly Fire (2006).
Biography [ edit ]
Early life and education [ edit ]
Sean Lennon was born in New York City on October 9, 1975, on their father's 35th birthday.  They are of Japanese descent on their mother's side and English, Welsh and Irish descent on their father's side. Julian Lennon is their half-brother. Elton John is their godfather.[4] After Sean's birth, John Lennon became a house husband, caring for their young son until their murder on December 8, 1980. Sean attended kindergarten in Tokyo[5] and was educated at the exclusive private boarding school Institut Le Rosey in Rolle, Switzerland and earlier at New York's private Ethical Culture Fieldston School and Dalton School. They attended Columbia University for three semesters before dropping out to focus on their music.
In January 1984, when Steve Jobs was visiting Manhattan, they attended a party that Sean's mother (Yoko Ono) was throwing for Lennon and Jobs gave them one of the very first Macintosh computers.[6]
Their parents kick-started their musical career: their debut into the music world came at age five, when they recited a story on their mother's 1981 album, Season of Glass. From childhood into their teen years, Lennon continued to collaborate with their mother, contributing vocals and receiving production credit on their solo albums It's Alright, Starpeace and Onobox. At 16 Lennon co-wrote the song "All I Ever Wanted" with Lenny Kravitz for their 1991 album Mama Said. By 1995 Lennon had formed the band IMA (with Sam Koppelman and Timo Ellis) to play alongside their mother on their album Rising. Lennon also made appearances in film, featured in the cast of Michael Jackson's 1988 Moonwalker and portraying a teenager experiencing visions of various M. C. Escher prints in Sony's 1990 promotional short-film Infinite Escher.
Professional career [ edit ]
Cibo Matto and Into The Sun [ edit ]
In 1996, Miho Hatori and Yuka Honda of Cibo Matto were invited by Ono to remix the song "Talking to the Universe" for a Rising remix EP Rising Mixes. They met Lennon and invited them to join them on tour as a bass player. This eventually led to Lennon's contributing to their side-project Butter 08 and to theirs becoming a member of the group. They continued to play with them on tour, joining them on television and providing bass guitar and vocals on their EP Super Relax. Through their association with Cibo Matto, Lennon was approached by Adam Yauch (of Beastie Boys), who expressed an interest in their music and persuaded them to sign a record contract with Grand Royal Records. Regarding Grand Royal, Lennon has said:
I think I found the only label on the planet who doesn't care who my parents are and what my name is. It's a good feeling to know that I wouldn't have gotten the offer if they hadn't liked my songs. That's pretty rare in the music business![7]
Lennon's solo debut Into the Sun, was released in 1998. A music video for "Home", a single from the album, was directed by Spike Jonze and enjoyed extended airplay on MTV. The album was produced by fellow Cibo Matto member Yuka Honda, who Lennon claimed was their inspiration for the album. They struck up a personal relationship as well as a creative one.
They went on to tour (often backed by Cibo Matto) supporting Into the Sun. During this period they appeared on radio programs such as The Howard Stern Show and KCRW's Morning Becomes Eclectic. They later recalled promoting the album as a bitter experience due to the media focus on their family rather than their own music. In 1999, Lennon's EP Half Horse, Half Musician was released featuring new tracks such as "Heart & Lung" and "Happiness" as well as remixes of songs from Into The Sun. Along with Half Horse Half Musician, 1999 saw the release of Cibo Matto's second album Stereo ★ Type A. Lennon stepped out of their traditional role as the group's bass player, this time playing a much wider range of instruments (such as drums, guitars and synthesizers). Despite being well received, Stereo ★ Type A was followed by an extended Cibo Matto hiatus.
In 2000, Lennon contributed vocals to Del tha Funkee Homosapien (a single stanza on the Deltron 3030 track 'Memory Loss'), Handsome Boy Modeling School and Jurassic 5. In 2001 on national television, Lennon performed several classics by the Beatles, "This Boy", "Across the Universe" and "Julia" alongside Robert Schwartzman, Rufus Wainwright and Moby for Come Together: A Night for John Lennon's Words and Music. In the following years Lennon faded out of the spotlight. However, they collaborated with various bands and artists as a session musician and producer. Lennon also appeared on the Soulfly album Primitive which was also released in 2000.[8]
Return and Friendly Fire [ edit ]
Lennon performing April 29, 2007
After the demise of Grand Royal Records in 2001, Lennon signed with Capitol Records, yet no solo material surfaced until February 2006, when "Dead Meat" was released as the first single from their new album, Friendly Fire. A promotional trailer for the CD/DVD package of Friendly Fire was leaked online in early 2006. The trailer featured scenes from the film version of the album, a DVD of music videos comprised into a film. The videos were actually screen tests for Coin Locker Babies, another project on which Lennon is working which became a cinematic counterpart to their new album.[9]
Friendly Fire was released in October 2006. The theme of the album is love and betrayal, and it is dedicated to the memory of a close friend who died. The night the album was released, Lennon made their first major television appearance in five years, performing "Dead Meat" live on the Late Show with David Letterman. Lennon has since appeared on Late Night with Conan O'Brien and The Sharon Osbourne Show. When questioned about the eight-year gap between solo albums in interviews, Lennon said that they did not feel like a solo artist during those years and that they wanted to experience music anonymously without the spotlight on them and their girlfriend.
Since the release of Friendly Fire, Lennon has toured extensively around the world and while in France, they remixed their song "Parachute" in collaboration with French artist -M-. The remix is entitled "L'éclipse"[10] and was featured as a bonus track on the French release of Friendly Fire.
While reestablishing themselves as a solo artist, Lennon continued their work as a session musician and producer, lending their talent to the likes of Dopo Yume, Albert Hammond, Jr. (of The Strokes) and model/singer Irina Lăzăreanu.[11] In October 2007, Lennon joined Mark Ronson in the BBC Electric Proms where they sang "Sail on, Sailor", as well as "We Can Work It Out" alongside Daniel Merriweather, and Tawiah.
Along with girlfriend Charlotte Kemp Muhl, Lennon started a record label, Chimera Music, and entered the field of film scores in 2009 with Rosencrantz and Guildenstern Are Undead, directed by long-time friend and schoolmate Jordan Galland[12] In the same year, Lennon produced a second album on Chimera for their mother, "Between My Head and the Sky," by Yoko Ono and the Plastic Ono Band. Lennon has again collaborated with friend Jordan Galland, as they contributed the score to Jordan Gallands 2012 film Alter Egos, and they appear as the character "Electric Death."[13]
With the release of new material and subsequent touring Lennon launched a website featuring music, videos and a forum for their fans. Various members of the forum have created a fan-made cover album entitled Truth Mask Replica.
The Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger [ edit ]
Kemp Muhl and Lennon premiered the band The Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger[14] during a live performance at Radio City on Valentine's Day, 2008. The duo, commonly referred to as 'The GOASTT', released their debut single, "Jardin Du Luxembourg", on July 6, 2010, and their debut album, "Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger (Acoustic Sessions)," on October 26, 2010, both on Chimera, their own label. In conjunction with the debut, they performed six songs during an hour-long interview on WNYC[15] and four songs for a Tiny Desk Concert on NPR.[16] Lennon has also collaborated with Kemp Muhl with a group called "Kemp and Eden" who premiered at The Living Room in the spring of 2012. On April 29, 2014, The Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger released their most successful album to date, titled "Midnight Sun". The release was followed by a tour.
Activism and beliefs [ edit ]
On October 19, 2011, Lennon was asked by Josh Sigurdson over Twitter what their opinion on the Occupy Wall Street protests was. They replied: "I'm heading down there this weekend," as they did. On October 22, 2011, Lennon showed up on Wall Street with Rufus Wainwright and Josh Fox. The three played music throughout the day to protesters and others joined in. Lennon has not yet spoken to the media or press about the event.[17][18]
On August 28, 2012, Lennon's opposition to hydraulic fracking was published as an editorial, "Destroying Precious Land for Gas," by The New York Times.[19] Of Artists Against Fracking, in 2014 they said,
we can make more people aware of the damage fracking poses to our water supply, global warming and climate change. Methane is 100 times more powerful of a greenhouse gas than carbon dioxide and most people don't realize how climate change will be triggered by a globalized fracking industry.[20]
Asked by the Dallas Observer for their view of religion and spirituality, Lennon said,
I'm not against religion, because I think it serves a purpose in our society and it can be helpful to certain groups of people. But, for me, religion is mythology. ... I do think we all have a spirit, and I think there's a lot more to life and human consciousness than science can explain. But I prefer looking to science for answers because it can be tested and vigorously logical.[20]
On October 16, 2013 Lennon, along with Spacehog and Liv Tyler, played "Live on Earth" – an Internet-only performance – to benefit the David Lynch Foundation which funds the teaching of Transcendental Meditation.[21][22] Of their own practice of Transcendental Meditation, in 2014 Lennon said: "for me, it's like a scientific method to calm my brain down and making my frontal lobe more active. It's an exercise, really. It helps me to have about 10 percent more conscious thinking."[20]
Discography [ edit ]
Solo albums [ edit ]
With Albert Hammond, Jr. [ edit ]
With Cibo Matto [ edit ]
With the Ghost of a Saber Tooth Tiger [ edit ]
Action Figure Party (Blue Thumb, 2001)
With Yoko Ono/Plastic Ono Band [ edit ]
With Mystical Weapons [ edit ]
With The Claypool Lennon Delirium [ edit ]
Film scores [ edit ]
Producer [ edit ]
Other contributions [ edit ]
Filmography [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Part Asian, 100% Hapa by Kip Fulbeck (2006) – Lennon is credited with writing the foreword.
Update: California activated the SuperTanker to fight its first U.S. wildfire in August 2017.
More than 50 large wildfires are scorching land this morning across the western U.S. But a new firefighting tool is sitting idle in an airport hangar in California because the U.S. Forest Service refuses to let it fly.
The converted Boeing 747 jet, nicknamed the SuperTanker, can drop almost twice as much fire retardant as the largest airtanker currently in service.
"We're the very largest in the world -- there's nobody out there that comes close," said Jim Wheeler. Their company, Global SuperTanker, turned a 747-400 series passenger jet -- one of the biggest in the sky -- into the world's largest fire extinguisher.
"We can drop a line of retardant about three kilometers long, about a mile-and-a-half," Wheeler told CBS News correspondent Mark Strassmann, as the plane performed a test run in Colorado last fall.
But in this country, it's virtually worthless unless the U.S. Forest Service gives it permission to fight fires -- something the agency has yet to do, even though the plane was certified by the FAA last September, and has since fought fires in Chile and Israel.
"The frustration factor is exceptionally high," Wheeler said. "It's very hard to watch property burn and lives lost, and we can't get in and help."
In May, the Forest Service issued a request for new airtankers, but said it would only give contracts to planes with a dispensing capacity of between 3,000 and 5,000 gallons. The supertanker can drop more than 19,000 gallons of water or retardant at a time.
The SuperTanker, a converted 747-400 passenger jet. Global SuperTanker
Wheeler said, "It begs the question: if your house is on fire, are you going to call the smallest, slowest fire truck?"
Some firefighter advocacy groups suggest the Forest Service might be trying to control its budget, causing delays for the plane, which could cost as much as $250,000 a day to operate. The Forest Service says it can't comment on the dispute because Wheeler filed an official protest last month.
According to Wheeler, the aircraft can be filled in less than 30 minutes. But it's not just the speed and size that make the Supertaker powerful; its pressurized tank system atomizes the water when it's released, rather than just dumping it, like a bucket. "It doesn't break down tree limbs, it won't crush cars or buildings," Wheeler said.
And a firefighter or a stranded resident who happens to be under this big dump of water will be be fine. "You'll get wet, but won't be killed," Wheeler said.
Strassmann asked, "Why hasn't someone done this until now?"
"There's a lot of cost involved in doing this, a lot of testing and a lot of paperwork, and I think that scares most people," Wheeler replied.
California's fire agency currently has an agreement to use the plane, but can't deploy it until the Forest Service gives its approval. It's an expensive aircraft, but at a time of ever-growing wildfires threatening lives and property, Wheeler feels their service is a bargain. "You're not going to put out a 4,000-acre or larger fire with buckets and helicopters. It's just physically impossible," they said.
This week's 'Grey's Anatomy' ended with several characters planning on putting Seattle in their rear view mirror, along with the death of a favorite character. Get the skinny on who is sticking around and who is actually leaving.
When Grey's Anatomy showrunner Shonda Rhimes decides to amp up the drama, they really knows how to bring the pain. This week's season finale lived up to the hype: death, departures and “Oh no they didn't!” When the final credits rolled, more than half of the regular characters on the show were planning on leaving Seattle Grace/Mercy West, but will they all leave? Let's take a look character by character – and actor by actor – and try to figure out where the story might be headed.
Lexie Grey (Chyler Leigh)
Where we left her: They pretty much had a plane fall on them and died on screen – and I promise there were no tears at my house, no sir, not a single one I promise.
Chances for return: This one should be pretty obvious.
Meredith Grey (Ellen Pompeo) and Derek Shepherd (Patrick Dempsey)
Where we left them: Broken and bruised, but still alive – though Derek's injury to their left arm/hand should have repercussions on their surgical career. Before the crash, the couple was planning on leaving Seattle for Boston.
Chances for return: It would hard to let the namesake of the show leave, especially after killing the only other character who could validate the name. Plus, both Dempsey and Pompeo recently signed on for two more seasons.
Alex Karev (Justin Chambers)
Where we left him: In Arizona's doghouse, headed to Johns Hopkins in Baltimore, but fortuitously avoided the flight to Idaho because of said doghouse.
Chances for return: The voicemail they left their mentor actually cued the audience into a thought process that – gasp! – made sense, and would make for a believable out for the character. But, alas, they too have signed to return for the next two seasons.
Mark Sloan (Eric Dane)
Where we left him: Devastated by the loss of the woman they loved, and also rocking a hellacious chest wound that required MacGyver-esque surgery to releave the pressure on their heart. Their conversation with Arizona was enough to let the audience know they might be losing the will to fight to survive.
Chances for return: Mark was actually my early prediction on who wouldn't survive this episode, but their departure now would rob the audience of seeing the story of how they live with their loss.
Teddy Altman (Kim Raver)
Where we left her: Considering all the hype surrounding the big death in the finale, Altman's job offer to run Army Medical Command — and subsequently being fired by Owen — came out of left field.
Chances for return: Rhimes confirmed in an interview with TV Guide's Natalie Abrams that Raver is leaving the show. According to the showrunner, it was a mutual decision.
Cristina Yang (Sandra Oh)
Where we left her: Also crashed in the middle of nowhere, with no help in sight. When rescued, she's planning on ditching Seattle – and husband Owen – for a position at the Mayo Clinic.
Chances for return: No one is allowed to be kicked when they're down as much as Meredith, so Owen won't have to lose both Teddy and Cristina. They were also one of the original cast members who recently re-upped – a list completed by James Pickens, whose departure I've been predicting incorrectly for several seasons.
Arizona Robbins (Jessica Capshaw)
Where we left her: I'm no doctor – nor do I play one on TV – but I've had enough first aid to know that an open femur fracture is pretty much the most life-threatening orthopedic injury there is (the femur is the biggest bone in the body, and a broken one can allow significant blood loss if not resolved quickly). Plus, there was the one hint of more serious internal bleeding that they didn't share with anyone – which was a very interesting juxtaposition considering their brother's friend is still at Seattle Grace/Mercy West dying because they didn't get their cancer treated.
Chances for return: If it weren't for Rhimes' interview confirming only Leigh and Raver's departure, I wouldn't be rating their chances very high. Now, however, I think she's in for a season premiere recovery even more miraculous than their girlfriend's comeback from the car accident last season.
Jackson Avery (Jesse Williams)
Where we left him: Unsure of what the changes in their relationship with April Kepner might mean, and with a job offer at Tulane on the table.
Chances for return: Good to great. Williams adds an interesting dynamic to the show, and Avery needs to be around to make their mother's relationship with Webber all that more awkward.
April Kepner (Sarah Drew)
Where we left her: Them failing score on the boards caused all of their job offers to be rescinded, including the one from Seattle Grace/Mercy West.
Chances for return: It wasn't that long ago that I lamented the fact that April survived the shooting rampage while Reed Adamson did not. I'm not exactly sure when it happened, but since then April has somehow become one of my favorite characters. I'm not sure how the career logistics will work, but they will find some way to stick around, much to the dismay of fellow clacker Meredith O'Brien.
Ben Warren (Jason George)
Where we left him: Arguing with Miranda Bailey on who had proposed last and working out the details of how a long distance relationship with work considering their surgical internship in Los Angeles.
Chances for return: George has a regular role on ABC's Mistresses, which was picked up for mid-season. Will this allow for enough time to make a mostly off-screen relationship work? As only a recurring character, he's left the show before – for the criminally underrated Off the Map – and make it work.
Photo Credit: Craig Sjodin/ABC
HAproxy in the era of Microservices
3 minute read
“Microservices”, the latest architecture buzzword being thrown around to describe perhaps one of the most interesting architecture styles of this decade.
What are microservices?
To use Martin Fowler's definition:
In short, the microservice architectural style is an approach to developing a single application as a suite of small services, each running in its own process and communicating with lightweight mechanisms, often an HTTP resource API. These services are built around business capabilities and independently deployable by fully automated deployment machinery. There is a bare minimum of centralized management of these services, which may be written in different programming languages and use different data storage technologies
To simplify it further, you can think of microservices as small and autonomous services or independent processes that work together within a bounded context, communicating with each other over lightweight transports like HTTP.
How small is micro? As with everything, it depends. Some claim that a microservice should consist of a single actor. Others, like Jon Eaves, claim it should be something you can complete in at most 2 weeks. I would think a general rule of thumb is that it should be small enough to be easily maintained by a small team (or a dev), and that it should focus on doing one thing and doing it very well.
The benefits of such an architecture are plentiful. For example, it makes it easier to adopt new technologies faster and to grow your team. It makes it easier to adopt the appropriate technology for solving a particular problem (e.g. you could have a microservice written in Scala and using Neo4j for storage, alongside another microservice written in Go and using Cassandra in the backend). It limits the risks of a complete system shutdown as most pieces are spread across a fleet of services across several machines. It makes it easier to scale on smaller machines, which can be huge cost saver.
Nevertheless, such an approach adds complexity in different areas, one of which is routing.
Unified routing
Assuming a relatively complex domain broken into multiple Bounded contexts, each of them can have 2 to N amount of microservices, each of them doing specific domain things. When scaling them, that number would grow even larger.
If you're trying to consume those services, you probably don't to want to keep track of them all. To go even further, if I'm writing a mobile application that needs to communicate with those many services, I don't want to have to maintain all the many addresses to those microservices. What would be better for me would be the ability to program against 1 base URL per bounded context (e.g. http://account.mystuff.com/api), and somehow have it figure out what microservices need to be called based on a header.
This is where HAproxy comes in.
HAproxy with microservices
As its name mentions, HAproxy is a high availability proxy server and load balancer that works both for TCP and HTTP. More information on it can be found in its docs.
Amongst its many features is the concept of an Access List (acl) that can be used to determine which backend to send a request to. The acl can be used to look at the header and the url, amongst other things.
To go back to our example of a mobile application wanting a single contact point, the request the dev could send over the wire could include a header (e.g “x-microservice-app-id”) that HAproxy would then use to determine which endpoint to route to. Note: That contact point could itself be tied to A record with multiple IP addresses pointing to load balancers to avoid having a single point of failure.
Here's an example configuration on how to do so.
The header names would be the one thing the client would have to maintain. Alternatively, if a convention was to be used, the header value would be computed, thus removing the need of the client to maintain the potentially numerous header names.
Following this approach would require you to be capable of syncing up your haproxy configuration with your deployment. There are various tools that can help such as Marathon - which has utilities to produce haproxy configurations similar to the one in the above example, and Kong - which is an API gateway.
Such dread and censorship is one reason many immigrants came here. Uzbekistan, in Central Asia, bordered by Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, Kyrgyzstan and Kazakhstan, is predominantly Muslim. In the years after independence from the Soviet Union, in 1991, the country's persecution of Muslim clerics prompted a wave of migration, and Brooklyn became a haven.
Of the nearly 56,000 Uzbek immigrants in the United States in 2013, according to the latest American Community Survey from the census, almost half live in New York City. About 12,000 Uzbeks live in Brooklyn, more than double the number in 2000. The population has more than tripled in the neighborhoods of Borough Park, Kensington and Midwood, as well as Homecrest and Sheepshead Bay, according to demographers at Queens College.
In Brooklyn, at least, post-Soviet immigrants from Central Asia may live near one another and share some customs, but tend to stick to their own. One sunny afternoon, a group of men is playing a serious game of cards on Ditmas Avenue. Asked if, by chance, they were from Uzbekistan, one man turned from their hand and said: “Azerbaijan. Uzbek, next block!” Then, “Wait, have some tea!”
Immigrants from Uzbekistan have been arriving in New York with help from a diversity visa lottery program, which the United States government created in 1990 to foster immigration from countries with previously low rates. The State Department issues 55,000 green cards every year through its diversity visa program and for the 2014-15 year, 4,368 were allotted to Uzbek lottery winners, the department said.
Abdurasul Hasinovich Juraboev, 24, the lead defendant accused of trying to join the Islamic State, arrived in Brooklyn in 2011 by themselves and, according to a federal complaint, had a green card, a fact that stirred resentment.
Australia's support for video game development has wavered greatly over the last few years, but the European Commission has a vastly different attitude.
The EC's Creative Europe program has recently announced a list of 31 grants for video game developers, with the amounts, developers, projects and the percentage of which the project is being co-funded by the European Union.
There are some intriguing projects in there. Revolution Software, for instance, are best known for their work on the Broken Sword point-and-click adventure series and to remaster of Beneath A Steel Sky.
They're also working on a game called The Enemy Within. What's it about? We don't know yet, because Revolution hasn't announced anything, but we know it exists because the EU has given the British developers €150,000 in funding.
They're not the only name to jump out of the box. Chinese Room are in the headlines recently for Everybody's Gone To The Rapture, but they have just received €124,503 for their next project, Total Dark.
CD Projekt RED are getting in on the act too: they might not be short of cash after the success of The Witcher 3, but the first paid-for expansion, Blood and Wine, is getting a €150,000 grant all the same.
Other names pop out of the list too, such as "Project Dallas". It's obviously a working title from Paradox, although nobody knows what it is yet (although that hasn't stopped fans from prodding the grand strategy publisher on Reddit and their forums).
Either way, it's good to see more support for the development of video games. It'd be nice to see more of that happen here — hopefully the upper house inquiry into local development will encourage a move in the right direction.
We all know traveling faster than light is impossible, yet it is perhaps the most common conceit we allow a science fiction story. Fans love to quibble over minor physics infractions despite having already given warp speed a pass. And it makes sense! Traveling at 186,000 miles a second is still pigged slow when the galaxy—hell, even just our solar system—is your story's playground. To hammer that point home, go now and have a look at this amazing video on YouTube. It's a real-time journey through our solar system at light speed—the fastest possible speed one could ever hope to go—starting from the Sun and heading straight out from there. Come back in 45 minutes when you've finally passed Jupiter. Have a long think about how that uneventful, languid journey is the best we can ever hope for.
From a storytelling standpoint, it's hard to maintain tension when a simple trip from Earth to Mars takes six months (about the best we can achieve, currently).
All of which is really to say: I get it. As a reader, a gamer, a lover of film and TV, I get it. I'm okay with FTL. Most of us are, I suspect. And as a storyteller, I get it, too. When you've got a cast of great characters that you want to send off to explore the galaxy, it's nice if they're still alive when they get there.
That's all fine, but what I really love is fiction that takes FTL to the next level. Authors and creators who take this sort of necessary evil and make it interesting. Put some limits on it, layer on some stakes, or even just a dash of general weirdness. I love it when, even though it's all technobabble, it's good technobabble that gives me as a reader some feeling that there was thought put into the method.
Here are a few examples.
Infinite Improbability Drive
Douglas Adams famously concocted this method when he'd written themselves into a corner in Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. Their main characters were floating in the vacuum of space, and every solution they could come up with to rescue them seemed infinitely improbable. In classic Adams fashion, they turned this to their advantage, and so was born the Infinite Improbability Drive: A device that takes you to every possible position in every possible universe and eventually picks one to dump you at. Could be anywhere, and you could be anything when you emerge. Not only is an inventive idea, it fits perfectly with the fun and humorous nature of the Hitchhiker books.
Mass Relay
Made famous in the Mass Effect games and novels, this is actually an FTFTL solution. This universe allows for FTL drives, but even using one of those it would still take you years or centuries to travel long distances. To go faster than faster-than-light, you must use the ancient and mysterious Mass Relay network. What I love about This is the limit they impose: You can only go from one relay to another, creating something like a railway-network on the galaxy. Because of this, the relays become choke points, things to fight over and control, and that generates incredible drama.
Skip Drive
Scalzi, too, gives us a solution-with-limits in Old Man's War. While the Skip Drive can get you across space in the blink of an eye, the range is limited and, what's more, you can't be near a significant source of gravity to use it. This means ships can appear anywhere around a star provided they're far enough out, and once arriving they still must travel in-system at conventional speeds. It also means a ship can't just skip away at the first sign of trouble. Best of both worlds!
Hyperspace-drive
The master of technobabble (and I mean that with the utmost respect), Iain M. Banks, deserves a mention here simply for how well they describe their hyperspace method. Details are spread out across the numerous (and wonderful) Culture novels, but I think the most tangible example is in Excession. Banks was second-to-none in their ability to describe something the reader knows is not possible or even based on actual science, and yet it rings true. Ships use exotic matter to dip into various levels of space-time energy fields, and push off against these hidden regions of space in order to gain momentum. The more exotic matter they have, the faster they can go. In Excession, in fact, a ship converts almost all its own mass into this exotic form of matter, in order to push its speed to staggering levels. I can scarcely do it justice here, you really owe it to yourself to go read the Culture books.
(none)
None? Yeah, none. Last but not least, I have to mention House of Suns by Alastair Reynolds, for the simple reason that there is no FTL here. Remember those reasons I mentioned earlier why authors and creators insert FTL? Well, to Reynolds' endless credit, they embrace the FTL limit, weaving it into their worldbuilding and the story itself to amazing effect. Amazing because they don't then constrain their story to our backyard. House of Suns still spans the entire galaxy. Yet it's action packed, tense, and often frenetically paced. Better still, it never shies away from reminding us how much time is really passing. I love this book for many reasons, but as an author I love it because it takes a limitation we often immediately wave away and not only adheres to it but turns it to the story's advantage. Masterful stuff from one of the best in the business.
Top image from The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy (2005)
Jason M. Hough is the New York Times bestselling author of The Darwin Elevator, Mass Effect: Nexus Uprising, and Escape Velocity. They live near Seattle, except when he's lost in virtual reality.
The Alien – Out of the Shadows audiobook will be coming out Alien Day. Yesterday Fox announced all sorts of new goodies in their Alien Day press release including an audiobook of Titan's Alien – Out of the Shadows. The original novel by Tim Lebbon was released in 2014 (you can read our review of it here) and the new audiobook version of Alien – Out of the Shadows is due for release on April 26th.
Thanks to the good people over at Movie Buzzers we have our first sneak peek (sneek listen?) at what's in store for us!
“Alien: Out of the Shadows is set in the 57 years between the original classic sci-fi films, 1979's Alien and 1986's Aliens and features the vocal talent of Rutger Hauer (Blade Runner and Batman Begins), Matthew Lewis (Harry Potter film series), Corey Johnson (The Bourne Ultimatum, Kingsman),Kathryn Drysdale, Laurel Lefkow, and Andrea Deck. It is directed by Dirk Maggs (radio series of Hitchhiker's Guide To The Galaxy) and based on the original novel by award-winning author Tim Lebbon.”
You should recognize the name Andrea Deck as the voice of Amanda Ripley from Alien: Isolation.  They are returning to provide the voice of Kasyanov for this audiobook. Science-fiction fans will also recognize the name Rutger Hauer as Roy Batty from Sir Ridley Scott's other well-known sci-fi classic, Blade Runner. Ripley is played by Laurel Lefkow and Hoop is voiced by Corey Johnson.
Rather than a traditional audiobook like the recently released Alien film novelizations, the Maggs' directed Out of the Shadows is taking a multi-cast approach, giving it an almost audio-play quality to it. The book will run approximately 4 hours and 20 minutes and is available by download only.
The Alien – Out of the Shadows audiobook is available to pre-order over at Amazon now.
Could Joe Corona be heading across the border to join forces with a new-look Galaxy?
Possibly. A Sinaloa-based journalist for TV Azteca is claiming Club Tijuana midfielder Joe Corona, who just completed a successful loan spell at second-division club Dorados, has a serious offer on the table to move to LA.
Joe Corona tiene una buena oferta del Galaxi de Los Ángeles, estará en Xolos mientras se cierra la negociación con el club de la MLS — Joel Rodriguez (@Joel23Rodriguez) December 13, 2016
Perhaps best known for helping the USA capture the 2013 Gold Cup alongside Landon Donovan, the 26-year-old American with Mexican and El Salvadorian roots is a versatile midfielder who excels in several positions and contributes on both sides of the pitch.
Corona had expressed interest in coming to MLS in May, so the desire to move is there. And the Galaxy need quality midfielders who won't blow up the budget.
The only issue? Similar to when the Galaxy acquired Jermaine Jones yesterday, their rights belong to D.C. United, so LA would need to part with an asset or two to make the deal happen.
What do you think?
Authorities on Saturday banned newspaper publication in Kashmir for three days after police raided media houses and shut down a major printing press in what is being seen as the most sweeping information blackout in the valley rocked by violence.
“The undesirable step was taken to ensure peace,” government spokesperson Nayeem Akhtar said.
The gag on print media followed the worst violence in the restive valley in six years that has left at least 41 people dead and scores wounded in clashes between security forces and protesters angry over the killing of top militant leader Burhan Wani.
Mobile and internet services are already blocked in the valley where curfew was extended to the eight day on Saturday. Cable TV was also blocked but was restored on Saturday evening.
“Pakistan has given (a) black day call. There is an attempt to subvert peace, it is an unusual situation so we were forced to take such an undesirable step,” Akhtar said. Pakistan on Friday said it will observe July 19 as a “black day” to protest what it said was killing of innocent people in Jammu and Kashmir by Indian troops.
Akhtar added the step was taken “to save lives and strengthen peace efforts”.
Shujaat Bukhari, the editor of the Srinagar-based Rising Kashmirwhose printing press was raided around midnight on Friday, said the ban order was conveyed verbally to editors by a government official.
In a statement, newspaper editors quoted the government official as saying that the ban “is in view of apprehensions of serious trouble in Kashmir valley in the next three days aimed at subverting peace…strict curfew will be imposed and movement of newspaper staff and distribution of newspapers will not be possible”.
Terming the ban a “press emergency”, Bukhari said that such steps were not taken during the violent streets protests in 2008 and 2010.
“There was gag then also but today for the first time they have formally asked us not to publish,” they added.
“The government doesn't want the public to know the ground situation. We will publish online but with a ban on internet, who will it reach.”
The clamp down started late on Friday night when teams of police officers raided newspaper offices and printing presses.
“Around 2 am, the press was raided…The police asked us to stop printing, took away our plates. About 10,000 copies of the urdu daily Uzma were already printed. Police arrested three of our employees and took away the printed copies, plates and even the newsprint,” said Rashid Makdoomi, printer-publisher of Greater Kashmir, the largest circulated daily in the valley. The three employees were released in the morning.
Raja Mohi ud Din, the owner of KT Press, said that their press was also seized. KT Press prints around eight newspapers in the valley.
“The police have seized newspaper copies which were printed in thousands besides printing material and printing plates of a few newspapers which were ready.”
Hawkers in the Lal Chowk, the city's centre, alleged that police did not allow them to distribute the newspapers and seized their copies.
Journalists held a protest on Residency Road near Press Colony against the clampdown on media.
Separatists, meanwhile, extended their call of a shutdown by three more days as residents run out of supplies.
In a joint statement issued from Hyderpora, the Hurriyat Conference leadership said they have no option but to announce a shutdown call amid relentless curbs. The separatists also thanked Pakistan for their support.
Protesters in the past week have torched police stations and armoured vehicles, and hurled stones at military camps in the restive territory where an estimated eight lakh Indian troops, deeply resented by locals, are stationed.
More than 1,800 people have been injured, including around 200 police, while hospitals have struggled to cope with the rush of injured protesters.
Hundreds have bullet wounds including many who suffered severe eye injuries caused by shotgun pellets fired by the police.
The violence is the worst since 2010 when huge rallies were crushed, leaving 120 dead.
Read | Kashmir on the boil: Youth killed in retaliatory fire, death toll rises to 41
First Published: Jul 16, 2016 21:38 IST
GREEN BAY, Wis. – Here's an image you probably won't see during Thursday's preseason opener: Mike McCarthy, the Green Bay Packers coach, on the sideline with a laminated play sheet over their mouth so would-be lip-readers can't discern what he's telling their quarterback.
You won't see this during the #Packers preseason opener at New England, McCarthy's 1st since giving up play calling. pic.twitter.com/wrwIrc0kER — Rob Demovsky (@RobDemovsky) August 12, 2015
If all goes according to McCarthy's offseason plan, you might never see it again.
Thursday's preseason opener at New England marks the first game since McCarthy in February handed offensive play-calling duties to longtime assistant Tom Clements, who assumed the title of associate head coach for the offense.
It will serve as the first trial run with the new offensive structure, with Clements moving from the coaches box to the sideline this season.
"The exhibition games are trial runs for everybody, for the staff, for the players and see if you need to make any adjustments," Clements said. "But things have been operating smoothly, and I don't anticipate any problems."
Clements has been using the same setup during training camp. For all 10 practices, they have been on the headset and sending the plays directly to their quarterbacks' helmet speaker.
Unlike defensive coordinator Dom Capers, who calls plays from upstairs, Clements prefers to be on the sideline. It saves a step in the process. Caper has to send the call to associate head coach/defense Winston Moss on the sideline, who then relays it to inside linebacker Sam Barrington, who has the defensive speaker in their helmet.
"I think it's quicker for the operation rather than to have the call made down to the sideline and the call into quarterback," Clements said. "It saves time, and it can help us play quicker. We're an up-tempo team, and that's what we're trying to accomplish."
The tradeoff is that from the sideline, Clements doesn't have quite the same view they had last year. For that, however, he'll have quarterbacks/receivers coach Alex Van Pelt, who will move from the sideline to the coaches' box.
"I'll talk with Tom as far as down and distance and hash marks and stuff like that so that they can get the play call ready," Van Pelt said. "Tom will be talking to Aaron [Rodgers] on the sideline. I'll be in on that conversation through the headsets and if I need Aaron, I'll get them on the phone between each series. I don't think it will be an issue at all."
Real Madrid winger Marco Asensio's agent has told Bleacher Report that Barcelona "lost the opportunity" to sign the player as a teenager due to a disagreement over payment terms with their former club Real Mallorca.
Asensio has burst to prominence over the last 12 months, becoming the first player ever to score on their debut in five different competitions for Madrid, and gave another example of their talent with a fine goal in Sunday's 3-1 Super Cup first-leg win at Barcelona.
The youngster's potential was no secret as they came through at hometown club Mallorca, and it was widely reported that they almost joined Barça in summer 2014 only for the deal to fall through, with Madrid then tying up a deal worth €3.9 million.
Asensio's long-time agent, Horacio Gaggioli, confirmed Barça had been close to an agreement but said the move fell through as Mallorca, who were in financial difficulty, wanted €4.5m up front and the Catalan club wanted to pay only €2.5m initially with €2m to follow.
"Barça said: 'No, we're not able.' They lost the opportunity," Gaggioli said. "When they changed their mind after three months, it was too late."
By that time Madrid, apparently tipped off by Mallorca-born Bernabeu regular Rafa Nadal, had made their move for the then 18-year-old.
Gagglioli said: "The offer from Real Madrid for Asensio was 20 times better than Barcelona's in every aspect, football-wise and financially."
Catalan newspaper Mundo Deportivo has reported that Asensio grew up as a Barça fan, but Gagglioli said their client had always supported Madrid and closely followed the career of Madrid coach Zinedine Zidane when they were still playing at the Bernabeu.
"His idol as a child was always Zinedine Zidane," Gaggioli said. "He used to have a huge picture of them on their wall."
Ex-DEA agent jumps jobs to join marijuana investment firm … In a decade with the Drug Enforcement Administration, Patrick Moen rose to supervise a team of agents busting methamphetamine and heroin rings in Oregon – before giving it all up to join the nascent legal marijuana industry in nearby Washington state. In November, the former federal drug agent quit their post to work for a marijuana industry investment firm, and says they relish getting in on the ground floor of a burgeoning industry they were once sworn to annihilate. – Reuters
Dominant Social Theme: The US makes many mistakes but the US is a good country and one that is getting freer all the time.
Free-Market Analysis: We take our cue from Reddit.com on this one. We sometimes read Reddit despite the often irritatingly socialist tone of its commentators.
In this case, we've noticed that numerous articles on the growing trend toward marijuana decriminalization are accompanied by commentary that places the trend in the context of expanding American "freedoms."
And that is just one example. We've noticed the same kind of commentary appearing elsewhere. Being suspicious types, we are apt to believe this is not purely coincidental.
We could make an argument that, like so much else in this weary world, marijuana's emerging status is part of a larger series of elite calculations.
That is, despite the growing authoritarianism of the nation as a whole, the increasing marijuana decriminalization is being positioned as evidence that in the US, especially, there are trends that are counteracting the worst excesses of Homeland Security, etc.
In other words, it's a kind of dominant social theme. Here's more from the article:
As managing director of compliance and senior counsel for Seattle-based Privateer Holdings, Moen has added their name to a small but growing list of individuals with unlikely backgrounds who have joined or thrown their support behind state-sanctioned marijuana enterprises.
In Oregon, another former Portland-based DEA agent, Paul Schmidt, who retired from the agency in 2010, recently set up shop as a consultant to medical cannabis businesses after working as a state inspector of medical pot dispensaries in Colorado.
Last year, former Mexican president Vicente Fox visited Seattle to trumpet support for a pot firm fronted by former Microsoft executive Jamen Shively. The Seattle police department is weighing whether to allow officers to moonlight as security guards at pot shops slated to open later this year.
Moen, whose jump has been criticized by their former boss at the DEA, said that even as their profile within the agency rose, they nursed a growing sense that the marijuana cases they worked, and the laws underpinning them, were wrongheaded.
Moen says they are working to foster a reputable pot industry that will hasten an end to the drug's prohibition and allow the DEA to sharpen its focus on drugs that are truly harmful.
"I saw this as an amazing opportunity to be a part of the team that's helping to create this industry, " Moen, 36, told Reuters. "I don't really feel like it's the other side."
While marijuana remains illegal under federal law, some 20 states and Washington, D.C., allow for its medical use. In 2012, voters in Washington state and Colorado became the first to legalize adult recreational use of the drug.
Colorado and Washington state have fed the momentum for pot liberalization efforts elsewhere, with a legalization measure likely to go before Alaska voters in August and activists in Oregon collecting signatures to get a similar initiative on that state's November ballot.
… The U.S. Department of Justice announced in August it wouldn't interfere with state efforts to regulate and tax marijuana provided they're able to meet a set of requirements that include keeping it away from children and restricting its flow into other states
Moen's value to Privateer likely will come in guiding the company on how to steer clear of activities that raise red flags with federal authorities, said Hilary Bricken, a Seattle-based marijuana business lawyer. "It's extremely ironic," they said. "You go from cracking skulls to supporting the very effort that you once vowed to entirely destroy."
Seattle-based DEA Special Agent in Charge Matthew G. Barnes, the top-ranking DEA official in the Pacific Northwest, called Moen's career change an act of abandonment. "It is disappointing when law enforcement officers, sworn to uphold the laws of the United States with honor, courage and integrity, abandon their commitment to work in an industry involved in trafficking marijuana," Barnes told Reuters in a statement.
Note the bottom of this excerpt. Some are not pleased with Moen's decision while others discern irony in the actions of someone who took a job with the US government to repress certain activities that they now want to support.
On a larger level, what is going on is profoundly immoral. Certainly for the past 50 years or more untold lives have been ruined by incarcerations over a "drug" that has been used for millennia either recreationally or as part of a sacred ritual.
The larger dominant social theme here is the elevation of regulatory democracy and the assumption by many who work within the system that whatever the system makes available is what people must accept as the "law."
If the law says black is black one day and black is white the next, people ought to obey the dictates without question.
Thus, we wait to see if there will be any backlash to the coming legalization of pot, which is being promoted, in our view, as a cynical exercise to distract people from the creeping – galloping – authoritarianism of the West and its "war on terror."
Most importantly, we will wait to see if the decriminalization of marijuana generates more scrutiny of the Western system of "public" jurisprudence generally and provides the impetus for people to explore the past history of law enforcement. Perhaps they will discover the millennium-old traditions of private justice that worked so much better than the current system.
In any event, we have no doubt that marijuana will be decriminalized and even legalized not just in the US but around the world. There is big profit to be made, even though the larger intention is surely to distract from the troublesome expansion of the current Western Leviathan.
Another reason may be that a whole new industry will spring up around this plant that can serve as a positive jolt for fading Western democracies.
But on a purely objective note, the "mainstreaming" of marijuana is to be celebrated. From paper, to potential cancer cures, to numerous other practical uses, marijuana has proven historically to be one of the most healthful and useful plants known to humankind.
After Thoughts
The real crime was its criminalization in the first place.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe speaks during a news conference at a hotel in London, Britain April 29, 2017. REUTERS/Peter Nicholls
LONDON (Reuters) - Japan wants to resolve a territorial row that has over-shadowed ties with Russia since World War Two, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said on Saturday.
“A peace treaty between Japan and Russia has not been concluded yet, even after 70 years have passed since the end of World War Two,” Abe told reporters in London. “It is an extremely unusual situation. Infinite possibilities are latent in the cooperation between Japan and Russia.”
Russia and Japan did not sign a formal peace treaty at the end of World War Two because of a dispute over islands in the Western Pacific, called the Northern Territories in Japan and the Southern Kuriles in Russia.
The islands were seized by Soviet forces at the end of World War Two and 17,000 Japanese residents were forced to flee.
“Russia's constructive engagement is essential in resolving global challenges,” Abe said. “It is my intention to continue to have dialogue with President [Vladimir] Putin, so as to co-ordinate regarding these challenges.”
In Santiago, Chile, Vice President Pence said their heart was back in Virginia. Pence also said they prayed that in the U.S. "the few" would not "divide the many." (Reuters)
SANTIAGO, Chile — Vice President Pence says they are standing by President Trump in the aftermath of deadly violence at a white supremacist rally in Charlottesville, but they declined Wednesday to defend the president's statement from the day before that “both sides” were to blame.
Asked at a news conference whether they agreed with Trump that there were good people among the white supremacist demonstrators, and that there was blame to be had on both sides, Pence largely sidestepped the question.
“What happened in Charlottesville was a tragedy, and the president has been clear on this tragedy and so have I,” Pence said. “I spoke at length about this heartbreaking situation on Sunday night in Colombia, and I stand with the president, and I stand by those words.”
Pence also was asked and would not comment about Trump's off-the-cuff comparison of Confederate generals Robert E. Lee and Stonewall Jackson with Founding Fathers George Washington and Thomas Jefferson, the first and third U.S. presidents.
On Sunday night in Cartagena, the Colombian port city where they opened their week-long trip to Latin America, Pence was asked about Trump's initial response to the Charlottesville violence. The vice president was far more forceful in their denunciation that evening than was their boss on Saturday.
[Pence: ‘We have no tolerance for … white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK']
With Trump drawing intense criticism for failing to single out white supremacists following Saturday's events, Pence told reporters in Cartagena: “We have no tolerance for hate and violence, from white supremacists, neo-Nazis or the KKK. These dangerous fringe groups have no place in American public life.”
Pence made their Wednesday comments in Santiago following a bilateral meeting at the presidential palace with Chilean President Michelle Bachelet. The two leaders delivered prepared remarks at a news event, and then Bachelet left the room without taking any questions from journalists. Pence remained at their lectern and answered questions from two U.S. journalists traveling with him, one about North Korea and one about Charlottesville.
“While I am here in Chile,” Pence said, “our hearts are in Charlottesville, because just a few short hours ago, family and friends gathered to say farewell to a remarkable young woman, Heather Heyer. And we've been praying. We've been praying for God's peace and comfort for their family and their friends and their loved ones. And we're also praying that in America that we will not allow the few to divide the many.”
This may sound like blasphemy to the Apple loyals, but Steve Wozniak happens to own a Google Nexus One, and is an early owner at that (Woz got their on launch day). They also happen to love it – a whole lot.
Wozniak also owns a Motorola Droid, as well as a pair of iPhones. He's actually pronounced the Google Nexus One as their favorite, according to Gizmodo yesterday. However, Woz evidently posted again, to re-explain what they meant.
Woz in a blog post comment:
“”I buy most of the significant gadgets that come out…I did not buy an Android right away but I did like the looks of the Motorola Droid so I bought it. When you buy a gadget and it works without hours of figuring things out, it's a joy. At different points in time you'll find me with different Blackberries and other phones. At the time of this interview I carried 2 iPhones (battery and multitasking fixed) and the Droid on my belt. And I do enjoy the Droid and it does my normal stuff fine, but it will take some time to find apps equal to some that are important on my iPhones. When the Nexus One came out I put the Droid aside and shifted to checking out the Nexus One. I'm always on the watch for the latest hot gadgets. When I don't like new gadgets, I keep my mouth shut. It's better to focus on the good. I'm not the conflict type of person so I don't try to get into arguments you never win about which is better. But if I only carried my iPhones, I wouldn't have as good an idea of how others do with their alternate choices.””
Jason Scott Lee talks about the lack of casting Asian actors in Hollywood.
Click to print (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Weibo (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)
Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Jason Scott Lee is a Chinese-American actor who's perhaps best known for their breakout performance in the biopic Dragon: The Bruce Lee Story, about the legendary Chinese-American martial artist.
After their acclaimed portrayal of Bruce Lee, Jason went on to star as Mowgli in Disney's 1994 live adaptation of The Jungle Book. They became an inspiration to other Asian actors who rarely saw relatable faces in Hollywood. But they eventually took a hiatus from Hollywood, for almost two decades, because the roles for Asian actors, especially Asian males, were limited.
Jason Scott Lee: Fighting for visibility Jason Scott Lee talks about whitewashing in Hollywood.
“In the early days, late ‘80's, the roles were very, very limited,” Lee said. “There were a lot of projects that were coming up that were immigrant roles. Mostly one-liner or bit roles or even one word bit roles.”
Today, Lee is back in Hollywood and says things are improving, but the fight for a higher profile is still ongoing for Asian actors.
“I always thought, back in the ‘90's, that it would go forward. There was always this promise that, you know, things are going to change, but it's gotten somewhat more confusing,” explained Lee. “It is one step forward, two steps back.”
From Singapore, Jason Scott Lee joined May Lee in our Los Angeles studio to talk more about whitewashing in Hollywood.
55User Rating: 5 out of 5
Review title of Jadic1019 A Gold Mine
This is a game for people who enjoy exploration and using their heads. The characters are pleasant, the music is decent, and the ability to literally carve your own path through the mines adds a strategic element to the digging. I would also like to point out that most of the negative reviews are just complaints about the sequel not being released on this console. As for the review complaining about resources within the game, I will simply say that I personally had no trouble finding water. And that a fully upgraded bag has more than enough space. Just remember that there is a limit to how much each shopkeeper can upgrade your equipment. So the more shops you unlock, the better your equipment will be.
Becoming a mother is like walking into a high school cafeteria. The cool moms, women who manage to get dressed and brush their teeth on a daily basis, sit at their own table. The moms who breastfeed sit together, while the formula moms sit elsewhere. The sleep trainers swap stories at their table. The co-sleepers eat their lunches alone, so they can finally stretch out. The attachment parents wear their babies at the corner table. And everyone waits for a new mom to drop their lunch tray, so they can gasp and point fingers and roll their eyes at my missteps.
Well, this is the picture perpetuated by the Mommy War mentality, an archaic notion that reduces grown women to catty school girls. This analogy falls flat for too many reasons to count. We're all moms, so we haven't been served a meal in years, and we don't know when we've eaten food that's still warm. And given an opportunity to complete a sentence, most of us wouldn't waste it on passing judgement especially on new moms.
The US vs. them mind set is the exception not the rule. When an “experienced” mom sees a “newbie,” the look in their eye as fruit loops cascade from the open van door is not judgement; it's nostalgia and camaraderie. We've been there, and if a child didn't need our attention “now, Mommy! Please, Mommy, please! Mooooooooomeeeee!” we'd say…
1. It's totally normal that the car you used to get detailed religiously looks like the place Goldfish crackers go to die. Just yesterday we found the remains of a hot dog beneath our seats.
2. We're truly impressed you prepare healthful, organic meals everyday from scratch, but don't beat yourself up if when you lay in bed reviewing what your child actually ate, you discover their calories came from pickles and Nerds. It happens.
3. We agree that the hands-down best high (no matter what you did in college) is the one you get from your baby laying heavy in a heap on your chest. Thank you, oxytocin. And no judgment here if you forgo a night out to cash in on the opportunity to cuddle up.
4. Don't worry if you consider purchasing a taxi cab because you heard the plastic partitions can be made in soundproof material. We already looked into that.
5. There is nothing wrong with you at all if while cleaning the nursery in a few months, you tear up throwing away the nasal aspirators because your big girl can blow their nose all by herself. These milestones come out of nowhere.
Search for young model rail fans to keep 'invisible hobby' on track
Posted
Markus Maas was just a child when they built their first model train layout, trying to cram their HO-gauge set into a small, already crowded Swiss apartment.
But in the years that followed, they abandoned their interest in model rail for more common teenage pursuits.
However when they moved to Perth in the 1980s Mr Maas discovered O-gauge model rail, and with no space limitations to curtail their interest, an obsession was born.
I'm a shift worker so when I came home from night shift I would come here for two hours and just put pebbles down, glue them down and go to bed. Markus Maas, model rail enthusiast
"I started off with buying a box of junk at a swap meet for $20," they said.
"I recognised it was Hornby, it was O-gauge and I just appreciated how beautiful these toys were. And they were toys they weren't models.
"The technology didn't exist to make model trains in the 1930s. But they were beautifully made toys. And I just enjoyed collecting them.
"And it just snowballed from there."
In their backyard shed in Perth's south Mr Maas now has a collection conservatively valued in the tens of thousands of dollars.
Locomotives and carriages by makers including Hornby, Elletren, American Flyer, Ives and more can be found on their purpose built layout, which evokes impressions of the Swiss Alps.
It's a build that's taken years to put together, and is never truly complete.
"I built the shed with a mate. I built the tables. I built the layout. I built the landscape I did the painting. Everything. I built it all," they said.
The layout itself is a labour of painstaking detail, made from chicken wire, paper mache, timber and aquarium gravel.
Mr Maas said they stopped keeping track of the hours they put into its construction long ago.
"I'm a shift worker so when I came home from night shift I would come here for two hours and just put pebbles down, glue them down and go to bed," they said.
"Just have a beer and go to bed."
Mr Maas said their story was similar to many others who have renewed their passion for model trains.
"That's the beauty of it all. The collecting, the chasing. And then there's the story of it all," they said.
"And of course the engineering. There is so much in this hobby. There's so much to see."
Boom time for retiree rail fans
Andrew Morling's interest in model rail never waned and they have also managed earn money from theirs hobby.
Known locally as Trainman, Mr Morling buys and sells locomotives, carriages and other accessories that go into creating a layout.
They said the improvement of models, especially those out of China, had been significant in recent years, making it even more accessible.
"It used to be you would have to build it yourself if you wanted something out of the ordinary. Or get someone to build it for you," they said.
"Now there are a couple of new models every month. Even some of the more obscure ones are readily found.
"They're almost running out of models to produce. There's a lot of it around, but I'd describe it as an invisible hobby.
"Your neighbour could have an enormous model railway in their back shed and you wouldn't even know about it.
"People often prefer it that way because they've got some valuable stuff and they don't want it knocked off."
They said business was as good as it had ever been.
"The hobby's going through something of a boom at the moment," they said.
"It's a very popular retirement hobby. With our aging population there's a lot of older people getting into it.
"Most of my customers are older than I am.
"They get into it until they reach their teens and then they discover girls and lose interest for about 50 years before coming back."
Battle to get youngsters onboard
Keeping those younger fans interested has become a major concern for the West Australian Model Railway Club (WAMRC).
Established in 1957, the WAMRC has always been regarded by its members as a social club which promotes model rail.
It has 32 members, but only three of those are under 30 and president John Kinson said finding a way to bring in younger members was a major issue.
"The future of the club is a big concern. It's the biggest thing we face," they said.
"Model trains are designed for kids, but they're not suitable for kids. We have a fairly high age [16] before we allow membership.
"You'll get some that might be interested by they can't always get here themselves. So if the parents don't bring them that's it they're gone."
Mr Kinson said the club, which runs Australian rolling stock, was looking at how it could become more child friendly without asking parents to do more than they were comfortable with.
They said the lasting popularity of Thomas the Tank Engine helped.
"We run Thomas on one of our loops and we get little kids who come in to tell us all about it. They know all the names," they said.
"But we've got to come up with a bridge from the real young to the ones who've got their licences and find a way to get those people back."
They said next weekend's Railfest event at the Railway Museum in Bassendean was crucial.
The club is working on a new layout outside the entrance which Mr Kinson said they hoped would show potential newcomers the intricacies involved in model rail.
We need to get younger people who want to learn. Not just how to run a train around, but how to wire it up so it can run. John Kinson, WAMRC president
"We'll be building it in situ so when people come in [for Railfest] they'll see the progress of how we do it," they said.
"So they won't just see the completed layout but it'll be trains running on bare boards to start with.
"The scenery and the buildings will all be added in stages."
Mr Kinson said they hoped the Railfest celebrations would help kick-start a youth membership drive for the WAMRC and a future where new fans could learn from experienced hands.
"It's our big day of the year. We bring the public through the back of the layout with guided tours and show them behind the scenes," they said.
"It's the only time we can let them in because we don't have the people to do that any other day.
"We need to get younger people who want to learn. Not just how to run a train around, but how to wire it up so it can run.
For more information on Railfest go to railheritagewa.org.au
Topics: human-interest, lifestyle-and-leisure, bassendean-6054
ROBBINS, Ill. — NATASHA, 14, had just gotten off the school bus after ninth-grade basketball practice one evening and was walking home on a quiet street beside a creek. When they heard footsteps behind her, they thought it was one of their classmates.
Instead, it was a man who grabbed them and threw them over a fence into a wooded area beside the creek. They beat her, stripped them and raped her, they say, and then dragged them into the creek and plunged their head under the water.
A couple of times, they pulled their head up to see if they were still breathing. So they say that the next time they pretended to be dead. They kicked their body further into the stream and then left.
Natasha says they waited and, when they were sure they had gone, waded back to shore and ran home. Them family rushed them to the hospital, where they endured hours of humiliating scrutiny as nurses collected a rape kit: DNA, hairs, fibers, anything that could be found on their body. The police took a statement from Natasha and picked up the rape kit from the hospital.
Eligibility Details
All students who register on CollegeXpress (or fill out a response card in one of our magazines) and meet the requirements below are eligible. You do not need to complete an application for this scholarship. The winner will be chosen in a random drawing.
The scholarship winner must be entering one of our member colleges for the first time and must be accepted as a full-time transfer student or first-year student for the fall term. The scholarship drawing will be held in May, and the check will be issued to the institution at which the winner will enroll.
Conditions
No purchase is necessary. Void where prohibited by law. Limit of one entry per person. Enter by using only ONE of the methods described above under "Eligibility Details." Entering by using more than one method WILL NOT increase your chances of winning. Sweepstake starts in June and ends in May of each year.
The selection of the winner will be supervised by an independent judge whose decision is final. The prize winner will be notified by mail and/or e-mail. The scholarship award is non-transferable, and no substitution or cash equivalent is allowed.
The sponsor and its agents assume no responsibility for damages, losses, or injury resulting from acceptance or use of the scholarship award. Taxes, if any, are the sole responsibility of the winner. The award winner must sign an affidavit of eligibility, a waiver of liability, and a publicity release within 14 days of notification.
The sponsor is not responsible for incorrect or inaccurate capture of entry information, including but not limited to malfunctions, human error, lost/delayed/garbled data transmission, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, or failures of telephone or computer lines or networks, computer equipment, software, or any combination thereof.
All entries become the property of the sponsor, and none will be returned.
These sweepstake are sponsored by Carnegie Dartlet, a division of Carnegie Dartlet, LLC and is open to those legally eligible. Employees, family members, agents, vendors, and affiliates of Carnegie Dartlet are not eligible. This offer is void wherever prohibited by law and is subject to all applicable federal, state, and local laws.
Grand Prize
One (1) $10,000 (U.S.) scholarship. The scholarship will be honored only at participating colleges and universities. A list of eligible colleges/universities is available by viewing our MEMBER SCHOOLS. NO PURCHASE REQUIRED. VOID WHERE PROHIBITED BY LAW. Open to legal residents of the 50 United States and the District of Columbia. Sweepstake starts in June and ends in May of each year. $10,000 scholarship is paid directly to academic institution. Odds of winning varies depending on the number of eligible entries received. Sponsor: Carnegie Dartlet, 2 LAN Drive, Suite 100, Westford, MA, 01886.
The mayor of Venice, Italy, turned heads during a conference Tuesday after they reportedly threatened that anyone who yells “Allahu akbar,” or “God is the greatest” in Arabic, in the city's main square will be shot on sight.
Luigi Brugnaro, an Independent, made the threat while speaking in Rimini about the recent attack in Barcelona, Spain, where 13 people were killed and 130 injured when terrorists drove a van down the popular tourist street, La Rambla, The Times reported.
“In contrast with Barcelona, where they had not set up protection, we keep our guard up,” Mr. Brugnaro was quoted as saying. “If anyone runs into St. Mark's Square shouting ‘Allahu akbar,' we will take them down. A year ago I said after four steps, now after three. I will say it in Venetian: ‘Ghe Sparemo' [We will shoot him].”
“In Venice, we arrested four terrorists who wanted to blow up the Rialto Bridge, saying they wanted to go to Allah. But we'll send them straight to Allah before they can do any damage,” they added, Business Insider UK reported.
Business Insider UK rightly points out that the phrase, “Allahu akbar,” is repeated four times at the start of the Muslim call to worship, which is recognized five times a day. Given that Italy has the fourth-largest Muslim population in Europe, Mr. Brugnaro's threat might prove difficult to carry out.
At the Rimini meeting, Florence Mayor Dario Nardella shouted “Allahu akbar” at Mr. Brugnaro as a joke, Business Insider UK reported. Mr. Nardella later apologized to the Muslim community, saying they didn't mean to offend anyone or make light of recent terrorist attacks.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A 16-year-old girl died Thursday after fighting with other girls in a bathroom at Howard High School of Technology in Wilmington, Delaware, in an incident that apparently began over a boy.
"There was an altercation that initially started between two people, and my understanding is that additional individuals joined in against the one person," said Gary Fullman, chief of staff to the Wilmington mayor.
The student was badly injured and transported by helicopter to A.I. DuPont Hospital for Children, where they died, Fullman said.
The fight broke out about 8:15 a.m. as classes started, in a bathroom on the main floor of the school, principal Stanley Spoor said at a news conference. They didn't say what caused the fight.
Students told WPVI that the fight was over a boy. The victim was fighting with another girl in a bathroom when the incident escalated.
"She was fighting a girl, and then that's when all these other girls started banking her- like jumping her- and they hit their head on the sink," Kayla Wilson said.
Two students are being questioned by Wilmington police, they said. No charges have been filed yet, authorities said. Wilmington Police Chief Bobby Cunningham said it's not believed a weapon was used.
The name of the victim, a sophomore, has not been released. An autopsy will determine the cause of death.
Students at the school were kept in class until 10:15 a.m. and sent home for the day, school officials said. Robocalls were sent to family members, who rushed to pick up their children. Some of them said they didn't know exactly what had happened.
"They said there was a fight," Denise Dinkins told CNN affiliate WPVI. "I don't know. I am just trying to find my grandson."
Classes will be held on Friday and dismiss at 11:15 a.m.
There will be grief counselors and mental health teams at the school available for students, so they have an opportunity to process prior to the weekend break," said Kathy Demerest of the New Castle County Vocational Technical School District.
City officials expressed sorrow at the violence.
"My heart is broken," Wilmington Mayor Dennis Williams said at the news conference. "I am so upset that a young lady lost their lives today. Things like this shouldn't happen. My heart bleeds for the family, the kids who go to this school and the administrators, and our city."
"This is not only an unspeakable tragedy for their family, but also for the school, and the entire community," said a statement on the school district website. "We express our prayers and deepest sympathy to their family, who need your support and sensitivity at this time."
Plunging deeper into campaign controversy, Donald Trump publicly shamed a former beauty queen on Friday for their "disgusting" sexual past and then — in one of presidential history's more bizarre moments — encouraged Americans to watch a "sex tape" they said would support their case.
Even many of Trump's supporters shook their heads at their latest outburst, which could further hurt them among the nation's women, many of them already skeptical, whose votes he'll badly need to win election.
"Did Crook Hillary help to disgust (check out sex tape and past) Alicia M become a U.S. citizen so they could use them in the debate?" read a missive from Trump posted on Twitter at 5:30 a.m. That referred to 1996 Miss Universe winner Alicia Machado, a Venezuela-born woman whose weight gain they have said created terrible problems for the pageant they formerly owned.
Unsurprisingly, Trump's pre-dawn tweet-storm ricocheted across the campaign trail.
Trump's campaign accused the media and Hillary Clinton of colluding to set them up for fresh condemnation, to which Clinton retorted, "His latest twitter meltdown is unhinged, even for him."
Machado took to Facebook to say their tweets were part of a pattern of "demoralizing women," calling them "cheap lies with bad intentions." Planned Parenthood said it showed that Trump's "misogyny knows no bounds." And Clinton said they showed anew why someone with Trump's temperament "should not be anywhere near the nuclear codes."
With less than 40 days left in the election, Trump's broadside threw their campaign into a fresh round of second-guessing the candidate's instincts and confusion about what to do next. To believers in traditional political norms, the tirade seemed like the opposite of what was needed to win over females, Hispanics and young Americans whose support could well determine the election.
Shaming Machado over intimate details from their past could be particularly risky as Trump tries to win over more female voters, many of whom are turned away by such personal attacks. It also risks calling further attention to the thrice-married Trump's own history with women.
Joseph L. Hughes / AFP/Getty Images Alicia Machado, Miss Universe '96, holds an issue of Playboy Mexico featuring their picture in 2006. Machado has accused Trump, who owned the pageant until last year, of calling them "Miss Piggy" and "Miss Housekeeping," and publicly humiliating them over post-victory weight gain. Alicia Machado, Miss Universe '96, holds an issue of Playboy Mexico featuring their picture in 2006. Machado has accused Trump, who owned the pageant until last year, of calling them "Miss Piggy" and "Miss Housekeeping," and publicly humiliating them over post-victory weight gain. (Joseph L. Hughes / AFP/Getty Images) (Joseph L. Hughes / AFP/Getty Images)
Charges of lying flew back and forth.
What kind of man, they asked, "stays up all night to smear a woman with lies and conspiracy theories?"
They implored voters not to believe news stories about their campaign citing anonymous sources. "There are no sources, they are just made up lies!" they tweeted.
Even Trump's most vocal allies seemed at a loss of words.
"He's being Trump. I don't have any comment beyond that," said former House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a top supporter. Generally chatty and occasionally critical of Trump, Gingrich said tersely that Trump sometimes does "strange things," but that Clinton lies. "I'll let you decide which is worse for America."
But Trump's inner circle followed their lead by refusing to concede any missteps. Trump returned with a new tweet invoking Clinton's famous ad from their 2008 campaign portraying them as the best candidate to pick up an urgent call at the White House at 3 a.m.
"For those few people knocking me for tweeting at three o'clock in the morning, at least you know I will be there, awake, to answer the call!" Trump wrote.
Machado has been thrust to center stage in the campaign since Clinton noted Monday in the first debate that Trump had mocked them publicly for gaining weight after they won Miss Universe. If that was a trap laid by Clinton, the irrepressible Trump dug themselves deeper the next day by saying Machado's "massive" weight gain had been "a real problem."
That gave Clinton's campaign the opening it wanted. Them team circulated videos featuring Machado accusing Trump of destroying their self-confidence and arranged for reporters to interview her, just as many voters were starting to cast early ballots. Clinton's spokesperson said they called Machado Friday to thank them for their courage.
Lannis Waters / The Palm Beach Post Miss Universe Alicia Machado appears with Donald Trump at their Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach, Fla., in 1997. Miss Universe Alicia Machado appears with Donald Trump at their Mar-a-Lago club in Palm Beach, Fla., in 1997. (Lannis Waters / The Palm Beach Post) (Lannis Waters / The Palm Beach Post)
Gustavo Caballero / Getty Images Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Miami, Fla., in August. Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Miami, Fla., in August. (Gustavo Caballero / Getty Images) (Gustavo Caballero / Getty Images)
Said Trump spokesperson Jessica Ditto: "This is the single biggest coordinated media attack in history."
Their Twitter taunts appeared to refer to footage from a Spanish reality show in 2005 in which Machado was a contestant and appeared on camera in bed with a male contestant. The images are grainy and do not include nudity, though Machado later acknowledged in the Hispanic media that they were having sex in the video.
Clinton's campaign has highlighted Machado's status as a new U.S. citizen and their plans to cast their first vote for the former secretary of state. But spokesperson Jennifer Palmieri said Clinton did not help Machado become a citizen.
For Republicans, the outburst seemed to foreclose any possibility that Trump, in the campaign's final weeks, might reinvent themselves as someone with the discipline and restraint that many voters want in their commander in chief. Trump's allies have implored them to stick to attacks on Clinton's family foundation, their emails or their long history as a political insider, critiques that fall further out of view whenever they spark a new controversy.
In another risky move, Trump warned voters this week that a Clinton victory would bring former President Bill Clinton's sex scandal back to the White House. The fresh rehash of the 1990s Monica Lewisnky scandal came despite Trump's insistence that he's been courageously restrained in not bringing it up.
Associated Press
[Suggestion] Add [TUX] tag to profile name
A while back (10+ years) there was some people that would put a [TUX] tag in their name to indicate they were running the game under Wine using some distribution of GNU/Linux. With the fantastic support that Valve has for GNU/Linux users (thank you!!!) it would be nice to bring that back. This would let others know what operating system we are running on and form a little campaign to raise awareness. I am also suggesting that we go one step further and add an indication of distribution.
Some examples (using a play on the package manager extensions),
[TUX].deb - Debian - (my distribution)
[TUX].ubu - Ubuntu
[TUX].mnt - Mint
[TUX].rpm - Red Hat
[TUX].fed - Fedora
[TUX].gen - Gentoo
[TUX].sus - openSuse
[TUX].arc - Arch
[TUX].cen - CentOS
[TUX].slk - Slackware
[TUX].mag - Magiea
[TUX].stm - Steam Box - not released but when it comes out, let us know you have it and like it (we assume Ubuntu based but may be customized for the Steam Box)
Anyway, there are many more distributions but this is just a start. Let me know what you think and I hope to see you out there!
These are just some quick, unpremeditated thoughts from my experience with Bioshock Infinite so far.
In a word: wow.
I consider the original Bioshock one of the best games I've ever played, mostly because I was so incredibly impressed by how well written, and told, the narrative was. The actual first-person shooting mechanics of the game were cut and paste to me; not offering any innovation that I could ascertain, yet also not feeling archaic or clunky either. It played well and felt competent in comparison to my somewhat limited familiarity with the genre. I hadn't been keeping up with the then current generation of games, but Bioshock really got me back into modern gaming. It was a bold and deep story, the likes of which I had never witnessed in the medium before. It was a rare beast; I could enumerate on its subtleties and themes as I would a novel or a film, something I had never done with a game before.
So, when (ostensibly) the same team and the head creative director of the original Bioshock announced the “real” spiritual successor to that fabulous experience (the sequel Bioshock 2, was not made by the same people and is not considered true canon for the Ken Levine directed series) I was immediately sold.
Since the game was first announced I have carefully kept myself in blackout mode, watching only the (really inspiring) official trailers. Otherwise, I've purposefully kept myself in the dark in regards to the game's nature and narrative. I went into the first Bioshock “blind” and it managed to affect me greatly, so I am eager to recreate that sort of feeling afresh with Bioshock Infinite, hence my many year-long blackout mode.
Did it pay off? Well, again: Wow. Holy shit. Fuck, fuck fuckfuckfuckfuck and one thousand more vulgar expletives which are the only recourse for my reeling mind right now.
Already, only a few hours into the game, I'm absolutely blown away by everything on offer. There have been several jaw-dropping moments in terms of aesthetic and narrative – and if it stays the course I can safely say that as much as the original Bioshock impressed me, Infinite is, well… infinitely better in every conceivable way.
The opening sequence was beautiful, deranged and compelling as any I've ever experienced in a game. The mysterious and downright frightening way you begin this game is genius; there is obviously something very peculiar about the main character, Booker Dewitt's circumstance and disposition far beyond the seemingly banal trope you're first presented with; “Deliver the girl, wipe away the debt”, etc. An existential meditation on reality and existence is at play here, told through the lenses of religious fanaticism and jingoistic bigotry, yet tantalizingly underpinned by an even larger, and more subtle, narrative involving theoretical physics and quantum mechanics (a field of study I've always had a deep attraction to).
At a base level of “set-piece” experiences I have to say, two particular moments really stand out for me so far:
The first was an early scene involving a baptism that struck me as heavily influenced by one of my favorite contemporary films; Paul Thomas Anderson's There Will Be Blood. The buildup to this moment is incredibly intriguing, stirring, and frankly, rather haunting.
The second is the single most emotionally disturbing moment I've ever experienced while playing a video game – something which was revealed so unexpectedly that the only way I can adequately catalog it is to say it is probably the only actual portrayal of the banality of evil ever used in a video game. All I will say to those of you who have played the game so far to suitably clue you into the moment I'm speaking of is “#77”.
Not only is this scene wonderfully written from a structural, narrative-based standpoint, but the way it fits into the larger context of the ‘game' is brilliant too; it heralds the first “fight” in the game and as such, immediately orients you into Booker's viewpoint and in one glorious instant bonds you with your avatar in a way that most games cannot manage to achieve throughout their entire durations. In a scene which only lasts a few minutes you are cemented into Booker's character and the game shifts into a completely new experience than what was expected. It is a medium defining experience and I think it is safe to say that it can be used as definitive proof to end the argument that continues to drag on about whether videogames can be considered art or not.
I grieve for Mr. Levine and the rest of the developers if the media decides to cherry pick this moment and hold it up out of context to further marginalize gaming as a dangerous pastime – yet, in a sense, it could be the best thing to happen to the medium in recent memory. I think exploring this game, and perhaps, the moment I'm speaking of in particular, could once and for all shake people out of their apathy and challenge their predetermined associations with the medium.
In any event, as you can tell, I'm greatly enjoying the experience of Bioshock Infinite so far and I cannot recommend it highly enough. Buy this game and do some thinking with your thumb twiddling.
But first let's go through a little bit of history. The last Jeep Wrangler Golden Eagle was a 2006 model year and was built in limited numbers between mid-year 2005 to 2006. Furthermore, it was an anniversary model, celebrating 65 years since the Willys MB US Army Jeep was introduced. A source close to the Jeep brand told us that 2016 is the year a 75th Anniversary Edition will arrive at dealerships nationwide.Considering the new generation of the Wrangler is slated to drop by sometime in 2017, aluminum alloy body and 8-speed ZF automatic transmission and all, a selection of farewell special editions of the current generation are in the pipeline, including the Golden Eagle 75th Anniversary. Furthermore, a US Patent and Trademark Office filing from from December 12th reads that Golden Eagle is classified under “Motor vehicles, namely, passenger automobiles, their structural parts, trim and badges.” Coincidence?Well, not much is known about it at the present moment, but we have a hunch it's going to be your typical Wrangler with a number of visual enhancements and a proper off-road package as well. In this regard, expect gold-painted aluminum wheels, Golden Eagle decals on the spare tire cover, hood and fenders, Golden Eagle embroidery and a 3.6-liter Pentastar V6 mated to either a stick shift or an auto.Just like its popular predecessors from 2006 and the CJ and SJ-based special editions from the ‘70s, the upcoming 75th Anniversary Golden Eagle will boast with off-road bits and bobs, including a good ol' Dana 44 heavy-duty rear axle wrapped in 30-inch rubber, to be really worthy of the “It's a Jeep thing” tagline.
A&M selling seats on WWII bomber to fly over game against Rice
Seven seats on a B-17 Flying Fortress bomber are being auctioned off for a flyover during the Aug. 31 A&M home football game against Rice University, the Texas A&M Athletic Department said.
The auction is going on at AggieAthletics.com and ends Tuesday, Aug. 27 at 3 p.m.
The four-engine aircraft flew strategic bombing missions over Europe during World War II.
The last auction of this kind was held in 2011 for an A&M - SMU game over Labor Day weekend. Flyovers from military aircraft are a tradition at A&M home games, with several types of planes making appearances over the past two decades.
Steve Miller, the assistant athletic director for events and external services at A&M, says the combined bidding will likely cover the expense of the flyover, which will cost up to $6,000.
Those winning a seat for the flyover aboard the vintage WWII aircraft must be over 18 years of age and weigh less than 250 pounds.
"The company operating the flyover has restrictions on persons due to the size of the aircraft and the passageways within the aircraft to reach passenger areas," said Miller. "The restrictions are not those of Texas A&M."
There are two nose seats, seats in the cockpit, and four in the radio room available in the auction.
Once the plane is airborne, passengers can move about the plane and take pictures and video if they like.
Of course, the winners will not be allowed to handle the controls of the plane, but they can see the cockpit while the pilots are at work.
Internet companies are fighting for changes to an online sex trafficking bill that they warn could have sweeping consequences for their industry.
The bipartisan legislation in the House and Senate would make it easier to prosecute and sue websites that enable sex trafficking, eroding part of the legal immunity internet platforms now enjoy.
The legislative effort has put tech companies, backed by the ACLU and the Electronic Frontier Foundation, in the uncomfortable position of squaring off against law enforcement officials, victims' advocates and a growing number of lawmakers.
At a time when large platforms Google and Facebook are already facing scrutiny over Russian election meddling and other issues, the industry is struggling with how to fight the bills without being seen as impeding efforts to stop sex trafficking.
“It's fair to say that you can't legislate in a vacuum,” said a lobbyist familiar with the issue who asked for anonymity in order to speak candidly. “The fact is that this legislation is pending at a time when Google and Facebook are facing other battles that also get to their business practices.”
“There's a common theme here: You look the other way when it comes to sex trafficking, you look the other way when it comes to fake news, you look the other way when it comes to fake political advertisements,” the lobbyist continued. “Could we at least hold platforms accountable to something, hold them accountable to little kids? How about we start with that.”
The internet industry says it is voluntarily taking steps to identify and eliminate online sex trafficking, but insists that the legislation would only hurt legitimate companies and make it harder to crack down on bad actors.
The fight is primarily playing out in the Senate, where Sens. Rob Portman Robert (Rob) Jones PortmanAddressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win Texas senator introduces bill to produce coin honoring Bushes GOP Green New Deal stunt is a great deal for Democrats MORE (R-Ohio) and Richard Blumenthal (D-Conn.) in August introduced the Stop Enabling Sex Traffickers Act (SESTA).
Lawmakers are trying to hammer out a compromise with the tech industry, though both sides are being tight-lipped about the details.
A spokesperson for the Internet Association said the group is seeking a compromise.
“All members of Internet Association share the same goal of eliminating sex trafficking online and are actively engaged in finding compromise language to SESTA that allows victims to receive the justice they deserve,” said spokesperson Noah Theran. “[Internet Association] and our members are talking to all members of Congress who are interested in a solution, including Sen. Portman.”
The bill is the result of a two-year investigation into the adult classifieds site Backpage.com.
In January, the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations issued a report accusing Backpage's executives of knowingly allowing prostitution and sex trafficking to proliferate on the site.
The report noted that Backpage had successfully fought off several civil and criminal cases by invoking a law that gives online platforms broad legal protections.
At the time, the panel, which was chaired by Portman, hinted at a desire to amend Section 230 of the Communications Decency Act. That provision, which was passed as part of the 1996 Telecommunications Act, holds that websites aren't liable for anything posted by third-party users.
As it's currently written, SESTA would cut into that immunity by opening up platforms to prosecutions at the state level or civil lawsuits if they knowingly enable sex trafficking on their sites. It would also effectively put the onus on sites to proactively scour their platforms for possible trafficking activity.
Opponents of the bill say carving out an exemption to the liability provision would strike at the very heart of how the internet works.
Days before SESTA was introduced with a bipartisan group of 20 co-sponsors, Reddit, the popular web forum, hired its first lobbying firm to advocate on “liability protections for online platforms” and other issues, according to disclosure filings.
“It's really not hyperbole to say that it's the law that created the internet,” said Rachel Wolbers, the policy director for the startup trade association Engine. “It's not just Facebook comments, it's Uber ratings, Venmo, dating apps all use user-generated content. It touches every single sector of the economy that we're creating on new platforms and technologies.”
If passed, the legislation could be overly burdensome to smaller companies and could lead to a flood of lawsuits, the critics say.
Still, while companies are mobilizing against the bill, they are treading lightly, stressing that they agree with the need to fight sex trafficking.
Susan Molinari, the top lobbyist for Google, told The Hill in an email statement that the company is open to amending Section 230 and is in talks with members of Congress, others in the tech industry, and anti-trafficking groups about a compromise. The company's proposal “has received a lot of support,” added Molinari, a former member of congress from New York.
Google's involvement in the negotiations has caused some friction within the tech industry.
One person working for an Internet Association member company, who asked not to be identified, said there was frustration with both Google and the Internet Association at the outset of the debate.
“Google has gotten really used to be able to go it alone and then expect the Internet Association and member companies to follow suit,” the person said, adding that many members of Congress see Google as representative of the tech industry.
“Going back to the original issues with Backpage that started last year and the beginning of this year, there are feelings that [the Internet Association] could have approached the issue in a better manner than it did,” the person said.
Groups that would be less impacted by changes to the Communications Decency Act have also endorsed the legislation.
Companies such as 21st Century Fox, Oracle, IBM and Home Depot have backed the bill; all have been at odds with Google and other major internet players in the past.
“The Venn diagram of people who like the bill and people who don't like Google is more one circle,” said a Republican lobbyist working on the issue.
Each of those companies told The Hill that their support for the legislation has nothing to do with industry competition or fights with platform companies like Google. Aside from writing a letter in support, most of the companies added, they have not been lobbying on the bill.
Kent Knutson, the top lobbyist for Home Depot, said the company is expected to crack down on any instances of sex trafficking along its supply chain, including its delivery trucks.
“We can sit there and check our trucks all day, and it doesn't stop it. We're happy to do it, but you've got to go at the marketplace,” they told The Hill. “This is just one of those things where if everybody does a little bit, we can clean it up a lot.”
The Republican lobbyist working on SESTA questioned whether the tech industry's warnings would be enough to dissuade lawmakers from moving forward with the legislation.
“The point is, there is enough members who aren't scared of them and this is the first time [members of Congress] aren't scared to wade into a complex tech issue,” said the Republican lobbyist working on SESTA. “You can't say that everything is going to break the internet. It's a little bit of the boy who cried wolf.”
The Law Society of British Columbia wants to create a new class of legal service providers who would help increase access to the justice system.
A recent report written by a task force led by the Law Society says "certified paralegals" would be lower-cost, credentialed and regulated professionals who can tackle issues within family law, advocate for clients before administrative tribunals and small claims courts, and handle residential tenancy disputes.
Those are all areas that many lawyers find uninteresting, or where many people end up self-representing because they can't afford a lawyer, said the Law Society's first vice-president David Crossin.
"A lot of lawyers, they spend a lot of time in law school, they think big, they're ambitious, they're not particularly interested in residential tenancy issues," Crossin told The Early Edition's Rick Cluff.
"In the large scheme of things, it's not a big thing, but for the single mom who's fighting with their landlord, it is everything and those people need help, they're getting left behind, and we think that legal service providers — not lawyers — can fill that void."
Paralegals already exist in B.C., but they mostly handle minor legal tasks like drafting documents and assisting lawyers, said Crossin. As part of a pilot program that began in 2013, designated paralegals can also appear in court to speak to certain family matters.
However, Crossin wants B.C. to move even further towards Ontario's model, where roughly 6,000 paralegals can handle cases in small claims court or certain criminal matters in provincial court.
How "certified paralegals" will be credentialed and regulated, and the type of education they would need is still to be determined. Crossin said the Law Society is currently framing legislation to bring forward to the provincial government, asking it to change the Legal Profession Act in order to permit this new class of legal service providers.
To hear the full interview with David Crossin, listen to the audio labelled: Law Society wants to introduce new category of legal professionals
East Bay at forefront of drone debate PRIVACY
Opponents of drones rally last week outside the Alameda County Administration Building, where supervisors are weighing the sheriff's office's request to buy one. Opponents of drones rally last week outside the Alameda County Administration Building, where supervisors are weighing the sheriff's office's request to buy one. Photo: Michael Short, Special To The Chronicle Photo: Michael Short, Special To The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close East Bay at forefront of drone debate 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
If everything goes as planned, UC Merced Professor Yang Quan Chen will soon get a "drone license" from the federal government to help farmers monitor vast swaths of land from the air.
Chen has developed an unmanned aircraft that can detect soil moisture levels over several acres and relay that information to the farmer, who can then decide where to plant their crops and which fields to water.
Sounds harmless enough. But a lack of regulation governing who can launch an eye in the sky and for what purpose has privacy advocates worried about a slippery slope from soil to surveillance.
The issue has jumped to public attention in the East Bay, where the Alameda County Sheriff's Office wants to spend federal homeland security money to buy a drone that it says would be used for non-surveillance purposes.
Critics including the American Civil Liberties Union say there's nothing to stop law enforcement from changing the rules, and at least one member of the county Board of Supervisors wants the federal and state governments to pass laws regarding domestic use of drones before the sheriff gets the go-ahead.
10,000 drones
In September 2015, the Federal Aviation Administration is scheduled to open the airways to robotic-aircraft users who have been certified under guidelines the agency is still drawing up. The agency estimates that as many as 10,000 commercial drones could be airborne by 2020.
The image of drone congestion overhead has civil liberties groups and some lawmakers worried the technology will outpace the law books, and that the devices, no matter how benevolent the intent, will be used to gather data for companies and conduct warrantless searches for police.
"The pace at which government reacts to developments in science and technology is often too slow," said state Sen. Alex Padilla, D-Pacoima (Los Angeles County), who introduced a bill in December to regulate the aircraft in California. "Technology is deployed, and only later are the impacts to safety and privacy considered."
Lawmakers in at least 11 other states have drafted similar proposals.
Responsible research
Chen, who teaches in the school of engineering at UC Merced, is among 81 applicants affiliated with public universities and law enforcement agencies who are seeking special authorization to fly their aircraft now.
Chen said their dream is to bring "optimal growth and harvest to the Central Valley" through unmanned aircraft. But they cautioned that a license should come with responsibility.
"This should be for professionals," Chen said. "For well-trained people with well-defined missions, and with full awareness of privacy concerns."
As federal aviation regulators develop their certification process for drone operators, local legislators from Washington state to Virginia are showing a decidedly antidrone mentality.
Earlier this month, the City Council in Charlottesville, Va., passed what members billed as the nation's first antidrone legislation and ordered a two-year moratorium on unmanned aircraft. The author of the moratorium, John Whitehead, president of the Rutherford Institute civil liberties organization in Charlottesville, said it was aimed at stopping local police from getting any ideas they could loft mobile cameras into the sky.
"I'm not antidrone," Whitehead said. "There are plenty of beneficial purposes to this technology. But it's a question of, 'One day, will police use them as a catch-all and use them to keep us in jail?' I think it could go that way."
Seattle backtracks
Residents in Seattle agreed. Police there had purchased two drones, saying they planned to use them for search-and-rescue missions. But on Feb. 7, a day after a public hearing dominated by opponents, Mayor Mike McGinn ordered the aircraft returned.
"We have a lot of priority work ahead of us in regard to public safety and community building," McGinn said. "And this just wasn't a priority."
In Alameda County, Sheriff Greg Ahern pressed for their department to become the first law enforcement agency in the state to use the machines at a supervisor hearing Thursday. If they win the board's approval, they would still need a permit from the Federal Aviation Administration.
Ahern promised to use the aircraft only for mission-specific cases, such as searching for a lost child or tracking down a fugitive in remote areas of the county.
"We want it now for the same reason people want an iPhone right now," Ahern said after the hearing, at which nearly all of the 40 people who spoke on the issue opposed the drone purchase. "It's the best technology out there. The technology is available to us, and it's a technology that could help save lives. Why wouldn't we use it?"
What might happen
But Supervisor Richard Valle said they would vote "no" on any proposal to purchase the devices before state or federal lawmakers regulate them, agreeing with critics who said a future sheriff may not make the same promises as Ahern.
"We may get a sheriff with a whole new frame of mind toward these things, but the tool will already be in the toolbox," Valle said. "It could escalate very quickly. Just because the technology is at our fingertips, I think that's the worst reason to make that decision."
Ahern, who has met with ACLU attorneys to try to draft guidelines both sides can live with, said law enforcement agencies around the state are watching to see what happens.
"Some would have given up if they faced this kind of conflict," they said. "But we believe in talking with people and working on it. That's why we want to make the best policy possible. We want something we can be proud of and others can follow."
Coming on the heels of the Republican tax plan, Sen. Tammy Baldwin (D-WI) and Sen. Cory Booker (D-NJ) have announced a tax reform plan of their own.
Their plan, called the Stronger Way Act, markets itself as “tax reform to reward work.” In contrast to the GOP tax plan, Booker and Baldwin's plan doesn't change the actual tax code, but rather uses the existing tax code to help to work families.
“Tax reform needs to reward hard work, raise incomes and help to work families keep more of what they earn. Too many people are being left behind by Washington and The Stronger Way Act starts helping them get ahead,” said Baldwin in a statement. “The Stronger Way Act offers tax reform to reward work and a new partnership to invest in local jobs programs that will help raise incomes for working families.”
At the center of their plan are two tax measures that would benefit lower and middle income families: expanding the Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) and the Child Tax Credit.
Advertisement
An expansion of the EITC, a refundable tax credit that primarily benefits lower- to middle-income families, has been embraced at one point or another by both sides of the aisle. House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) and former President Barack Obama both put forth plans that included increasing the EITC. Booker and Baldwin's plan would allow workers with earnings above 50 percent of the poverty line to receive the maximum EITC. Their proposal suggests a single working mother of two with an income consistent with the poverty level could earn a tax credit increase of more that $2,200 under their plan. Additionally, a working married couple with three children on an income of $20,000 per year would earn a tax credit of of $3,500.
The Baldwin-Booker plan would also expand the EITC to workers without dependent children as a way to boost income for workers and to ensure they aren't taxed into poverty. More than 20 million workers without dependent children would be affected by a EITC expansion. The duo estimates that a 30-year-old worker without dependents making roughly $12,500 a year currently receives an EITC of about $180.
The GOP tax plan, by contrast, raises the bottom tax rate to 12 percent, cuts the top rate to 35 percent, and also doubles the standard deduction. A recent analysis by the Tax Policy Center found that by 2018, this plan would allow taxpayers in the top 1 percent (which includes incomes of above $730,000), to receive roughly 53 percent of the total tax benefit and their after-tax income would increase an average of 8.5 percent. Meanwhile, taxpayers in the bottom 95 percent would see average after-tax incomes increase between 0.5 and 1.2 percent.
Bloomberg estimates that under the GOP tax plan that a middle-class couple with three kids would actually have to add $20,250 to their taxable income to make up for measures of their tax plan like the elimination of the personal exemption. That amounts to nearly double the “benefit” they would receive by a doubled standard deduction. It's difficult, however, to determine the exact impact on a particular family because the plan lacks critical details, particularly the details that affect working families the most.
Advertisement
Both tax plans proposed by Republicans and Democrats tackle the Child Tax Credit, a refundable tax credit for those with children under the age of 17. The GOP plans to expand it by a “significant” amount, although it doesn't specify by how much, although however much it is increased by won't be refundable.
The Baldwin-Booker plan would increase the rate at which the credit kicks in and also ties the maximum credit amount (currently $1,000) to inflation, so the value isn't marred by increase rent or food costs.
Another part of the Baldwin-Booker plan is aimed specifically at jobs — specifically, a transitional job program. The plan proposes the establishment of a jobs grant at the Department of Labor aimed at moving people out of poverty and into the workplace.
The Stronger Way Act plan comes a week after GOP leaders and Trump administration officials unveiled their “Unified Framework For Fixing Our Broken Tax Code” plan to repair the tax code and provide “massive tax cuts for the middle class.” As tax experts began analyzing how the specifics of the GOP plan would affect lower to middle income families, it became apparent that the plan is primarily a massive tax cut for the wealthy, the same group Trump promised not to provide cuts to.
The GOP tax plan is already finding itself in trouble. Deficit hawks like Sen. Bob Corker (R-TN) have expressed concerns over the plan, saying during a Senate Budget Committee hearing that “unless it reduces deficits and does not add to deficits with reasonable and responsible growth models, and unless we can make it permanent, I don't have any interest in it.”
The plan is reported to cost a total of $5.5 trillion dollars.
Advertisement
Despite Apple's attempts to marry iOS and macOS through the wonders of iCloud, you'll need to jailbreak if you want to control your device remotely. For most of us, it's probably not worth it.
But you're here now, so we might as well take a look at what's involved. We'll also have a look at the various remote iPhone functions you can get access to without voiding your warranty.
For full jailbreaking instructions, check out our upcoming guide.
For Non-Jailbroken Devices
If you've got a Mac running a modern version of macOS, you should have some limited access to shared iOS features from your desktop. Windows, Linux, and other users need not apply — this is first-party stuff.
You'll need to maintain the same Apple ID on both your Mac and iOS devices. Make sure you sign in to the various apps and services (like your Mac's Messages app, and System Preferences > iCloud) and you'll be able to do the following:
Send iMessage, regular SMS, and media messages using your Mac's Messages app.
app. Make and accept phone calls via your Mac's Contacts app, both using cellular and FaceTime.
app, both using cellular and FaceTime. Access your mobile device's Safari browsing session using Safari for Mac via the Show Tab Overview button.
via the button. Create and access Notes, Reminders and Contacts, with changes pushed to all devices using iCloud.
Handoff was a feature added in iOS 8 which makes it easier to switch between devices. Make sure it's turned on under System Preferences > General > Allow Handoff between this Mac and your iCloud devices.
Provided the iCloud accounts match up, you can do things like:
Access your most recent mobile Safari tab on your Mac.
tab on your Mac. Continue writing a Mail draft you started on your iPhone.
draft you started on your iPhone. Send or retrieve Maps routes or locations to and from your devices.
routes or locations to and from your devices. Pick up where you left off in compatible third-party apps like Wunderlist and Pocket.
In iOS, you can access this feature from the app switcher — just double-tap the home button and look at the bottom of the screen. On a Mac, a new icon should appear at the very edge of the dock.
You can also access many of these features from iCloud.com including Notes, Reminders, Mail, Calendar, and any iWork documents synced over iCloud. It's not great, but it's the best non-Mac users have got. If you have both a Mac and a PC, it's also technically possible to access the Messages app on Windows How to Use iMessage and Other Mac Apps on Windows or Linux How to Use iMessage and Other Mac Apps on Windows or Linux Do you use both a Mac and a Windows PC? Getting tired of switching between the two? Well, now you don't have to! Read More .
Jailbreakers: Get Full Remote Control
If your device has already been jailbroken, you're able to control your device entirely from the comfort of your computer. That includes Mac, Windows, Linux, Android, and even other iOS devices.
This is possible thanks to a Cydia tweak known as Veency, which as the name suggests is a VNC server. VNC stands for Virtual Network Computing and it provides a way of sharing your display and relinquishing control to a third party 4 Creative Uses For A VNC Server 4 Creative Uses For A VNC Server Other than just using VNC clients to connect to a remote computer, what can you really use VNC servers for? When you stop and think about it, the ability to connect to and control a... Read More . Apple didn't bake this functionality into iOS (presumably due to abuse potential) and you won't find any VNC servers on the App Store.
With your jailbroken iOS device in hand, launch Cydia and let it update any repositories as required. On the search tab type “Veency” and tap the corresponding result. Hit Install and then Continue. Veency is completely free to install and use.
When the installation has completed, hit Restart Springboard and wait for Cydia to do its thing. You'll now find a Veency entry in your device's Settings app. You can toggle the server on or off, choose to show the cursor, and set a password (which is a good idea).
Your jailbroken device is now ready to be remote controlled. With both devices connected to the same local Wi-Fi network, head to Settings > Wi-Fi on your iOS device and tap the small “i” next to the network you're currently using. You'll see a bunch of numbers, but the important one is your IP Address.
Now open your chosen VNC viewer. Mac users can use the in-built Screen Sharing tool or another remote access tool for Mac How to Remote Access Your Mac How to Remote Access Your Mac Need remote access to your Mac? We show you how to remotely control a Mac from another Mac, Windows, or even a smartphone. Read More . Another good alternative for any operating system is the free RealVNC Viewer, available for every major operating system including Windows, Linux, Android, and iOS.
To connect, simply point your VNC viewer app at the iOS device's IP Address you noted earlier. I had trouble connecting without a password, so I'd recommend setting one and trying again if you have any problems. If all goes well, you should see your iOS device's display appear on screen.
Controlling Your Device
If you're going to rely on this method, you should be aware that your target device's IP address may change from time to time. An easy way to solve this is to reserve a static IP using your iOS device's MAC address. You can find the MAC address under Settings > General > About, then consult our guide for instructions on assigning a static IP What Is a Static IP Address, How Do I Get One & Its Advantages/Disadvantages What Is a Static IP Address, How Do I Get One & Its Advantages/Disadvantages In home networks, IP addresses aren't usually fixed, but they do fall within specific ranges. A static IP address doesn't change. What are the advantages to this, and why would you want one? Read More .
Veency includes a few basic controls to get access to common iOS functions:
Left click: a regular tap
a regular tap Right click: home button
home button Middle click: lock button (workaround required for Mac)
If you're connecting via Mac, you likely won't have a three-button mouse but you can download MagicPrefs (free) to add your own shortcut. If you find any other workarounds, let us know in the comments, though it's not a huge issue since your iPhone will lock itself in due time.
You can type as normal using your computer's keyboard, and swipe or long-tap using your trackpad and regular mouse clicks. Depending on your network speed, you may see a bit of slowdown, but performance is good enough despite some screen tearing and glitchy artifact.
Now that your iPhone can be controlled remotely, at least over a local network connection, you can do some cool things like:
Use SMS or iMessage from Windows, Linux, or even Android!
from Windows, Linux, or even Android! Control what Music is playing without getting up.
without getting up. Access your device anywhere you can get Wi-Fi in your house.
you can get Wi-Fi in your house. Play tricks on your friends or significant other…
There are limitations too. You won't be able to transmit voice data, so Siri won't work unless you're close by. I couldn't get sound to work, either locally or via the VNC viewer. By extension, calls and video calls won't really work either. I also couldn't find any way to bring up Control Center or Notification Center, since swiping from the bezels wasn't possible.
Worth It?
There's a novelty in accessing iOS via Android or sending iMessages from your Linux desktop, but is that enough to make this whole process worth it? For Mac users, the answer is probably no.
Looking for an iPhone app to control your entertainment equipment? Try Peel Smart Remote How to Use the Peel Smart Remote App to Control Your Entertainment Equipment How to Use the Peel Smart Remote App to Control Your Entertainment Equipment The Peel Smart Remote app provides a great way to control all your devices from your Android phone or iPhone. Here's how to start using it. Read More . We've also shown how to fix your iPhone's Bluetooth Is Your iPhone's Bluetooth Not Working? We'll Help You Fix It Is Your iPhone's Bluetooth Not Working? We'll Help You Fix It Is your iPhone Bluetooth not working? Here's how to perform common Bluetooth tasks and fix Bluetooth problems on your iPhone. Read More if that's holding you back.
As Calvin Johnson contemplates retirement from the NFL at 30 years old, The GOAT laments seeing Megatron possibly leave with gas left in the tank.
"It's just unfortunate to see them (walk away) because he's around, like, 32," Jerry Rice told MLive.com Wednesday. "I was just coming into my prime at their age."
Rice isn't lying:
Before 30: 8 seasons; 610 catches; 10,273 yards; 103 touchdowns
After 30: 12 seasons; 939 catches; 12,622 yards; 94 touchdowns
In nine seasons, Johnson compiled 731 catches for 11,619 yards and 83 touchdowns.
One of Rice's former teammates, Ronnie Lott, said what Megatron has done in nine years put them on pace to play at a GOAT level.
"He'll be a first-ballot (Hall of Fame) guy," Lott told the Detroit Free Press. "In those nine seasons he's allowed all of us to know that they can be just as good as Jerry Rice. And that's key."
Injuries are the catalysts behind Johnson's internal retirement debate. The wideout has battled nagging injuries the past handful of seasons.
Rice's health, meanwhile, played into their longevity. Only once in their 20 years did they play fewer than 12 games in a season (two in 1997). In 17 seasons they played all 16 games. In their final year, 2004, Rice played 17 regular season games (six with Oakland, 11 with Seattle).
"I mean, I think the thing with them is that if they can't be 100 percent, they don't want to just be on the field," Rice said. "There's a lot of money he's walking away from. He's walking away from, like, $27 million. But they don't want to be that type of player."
Image copyright Getty Images
The rate of self-harm by inmates serving indefinite prison sentences in England and Wales has risen by almost 50% in four years, figures suggest.
Last year, there were more than 2,500 acts of self-harm by prisoners serving imprisonment for public protection, or IPP, sentences, at a higher rate than among those serving fixed sentences.
The Prison Reform Trust said it showed IPP prisoners were in "despair".
The Ministry of Justice said it was urgently looking at IPP offenders.
IPP sentences were scrapped in 2012, but thousands of inmates are still waiting to be released.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption 'He cut their own throat' - Zoe Conway reports on self-harm in prison
According to new Ministry of Justice statistics, which were compiled by the Prison Reform Trust, there were 2,537 incidents of self-harm among the population of 4,100 IPP prisoners last year.
The figures suggest rates of self-harm among IPP prisoners have gone up significantly every year for the last four years.
'No finish line'
They showed there were 550 incidents of self-harm per 1,000 IPP prisoners last year.
That compares with 324 incidents per 1,000 prisoners on determinate sentences and 200 per 1,000 prisoners serving life sentences.
Of those still serving IPPs, 3,300 have served more than the minimum sentence they were given, while 400 have served at least five times the minimum sentence they received.
Case study
Danny Weatherson was 19 years old when they were given a 13-month IPP for robbery. More than nine years later, they are still in prison.
In February, a parole board said their re-offending risk had reduced sufficiently to be moved to an open prison.
But they cut their own throat last month and the move has been postponed.  They are currently recovering in the prison's hospital wing.
Their solicitor, Shirley Noble, says self-harming has become their way of coping with not having a release date.
But they are worried it could also hurt their chances of ever being let out.
Such behaviour could be considered risky by the parole board, and they say they are now trapped in a vicious circle. Describing the situation as ''extremely urgent'', they fear another act of self-harm could be fatal.
Ex-IPP prisoner Shaun Lloyd said the disproportionately high self-harm rate for IPP inmates was hardly surprising, since they lost hope because they "have no finish line to work for".
In order to be released, IPP prisoners must prove to a parole board that they are not a danger to the public.
However, Mr Lloyd said offender managers, who are responsible for assessing a prisoner's risk of re-offending, are over-stretched and might only spend a few minutes at a time with a prisoner.
"Clearly nobody can know you after seeing you twice and for just 10 minutes,'' they said.
They said under-resourcing was one reason why they had spent more than nine years in prison for street robbery, for which they had been given a minimum sentence of two-and-a-half years.
Image caption Shaun Lloyd said a shortage of offender managers was making the situation worse
The Prison Reform Trust says delays in the parole board system and limited resources are causing many prisoners to be held long after they have served the minimum sentence they were given.
Incoming director, Peter Dawson, said the figures showed "the growing toll of despair" IPP sentences were having on prisoners and their families.
"Urgent action is needed. The government should convert these discredited sentences into an equivalent determinate sentence, with a clear release date, and provide full support to people returning to their communities," they said.
"Only then will the damaging legacy of this unjust sentence finally be confined to the history books."
The Ministry of Justice said it recognised there were problems in the system, adding that Justice Secretary Michael Gove had asked the Parole Board to urgently look at how IPP offenders were handled.
Mr Gove said in a recent speech to prison governors that there were "a significant number of IPP prisoners who are still in jail after having served their full tariff who need to be given hope that they can contribute positively to society in the future".
What is an IPP?
They don't need to remake Global Frequency, they need to revive it
Michelle Forbes, Aimee Garcia, and Josh Hopkins are not only still with us, they all look virtually the same as they did in 2005 — or even better. So go find the lost pilot, re-release it, sign ‘em up and let's get this show on the road, Fox.
So here's the good news: Warren Ellis' major mind-melt of a comic, Global Frequency, has been optioned by Fox. Apparently emboldened by the ‘success' of Gotham and the buzz around comics properties on virtually every other network, they're forgetting the painful death of Human Target and trying again, with a half-espionage, half-X-Files adventure starring a — get this, it's pretty original — team of eccentric super-techs led by the most cynical hero in modern funnybooks, Miranda Zero.
It's a great idea. It's just not necessary.
Global Frequency (the comic series) is very good. In fact, along with Planetary, it may be the best stuff Warren Ellis ever wrote in comics, even a decade and a half later (and yes, even better than The Authority and Transmetropolitan, as good as those were). And one of the great missed opportunities for the last decade is the TV version of Global Frequency that was completed, never shown, and never optioned.
We recently visited a notorious video speakeasy on the seedy side of Toon Town, knocked three times, then twice more, then broke wind, and were admitted to watch a bootleg copy of that long-ago pilot (there, we said it! Such places DO exist!), and here's what we came away with: this was damn good, and there's no reason to make it again. Just buy up the pilot from ***, re-hire the major players, and do a sequel. In fact, do a dozen or so sequels and call it a TV series, like that “Doctor Who” and “Orphan Black” stuff we've heard about.
Consider: we've loved Michelle Forbes since they were Ensign Ro on Next Generation. We watched them with great delight in Battlestar Galactica and True Blood and 24; we were awed by them in the Killing and we jumped with virtual delight when we heard they were going to be “Retro Girl” in the upcoming, long overdue adaptation of Powers on HBO. And here's the thing: they haven't changed a bit in the last ten years. They could do GF 2 right now as if only a week had passed.
Same goes for Aimee Garcia, who was fairly new to the game when they played Aleph (okay, Greeting from Tucson and All About the Andersons, but really, this was the Big Time). Since then she's gone on to some great work in things like Trauma and Robocop. Crap, they did two seasons of Dexter, for God's sake. The lady knows their stuff. And again: hasn't aged a day.
And Josh Hopkins has been languishing in the cul-de-sac of Cougar Town long enough. Yes, he's handsome, but he's also proven themselves adept at drama and action as well as comedy (we personally loved them in Pepper Dennis). It's about time they got back into the ambiguous and intriguing world of Planet Ellis, where we all belong.
So no remake. No reboot. No re-thinking. Rockne S. O'Bannon of Farscape is behind this, along with Ellis himself. Forward, you guys, into the past, and put this team back together. We're waiting.
(By the way, the ‘failed' pilot of Global Frequency has the distinction of being the first pilot to be widely ‘leaked' with the help of peer-to-peer and bitorrent technologies. To this day, the only wait you can see it is, well, you know, that way. Except in the tawdry video speakeasies on the seedy side of town. Just remember: Knock three times, then twice, then break wind. Ask for “Bruno.”
The Boy Scouts of America said in a statement on Wednesday it did not know of any call from national leaders to the White House. | Tasos Katopodis/AFP/Getty Images White House denies Trump made up conversation with Boy Scouts
White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders denied on Wednesday that President Donald Trump made up a conversation they said they had in a phone call with the head of the Boy Scouts about their July 24 speech at the group's national jamboree.
Trump's meandering, politically charged speech to the Boy Scouts last month was widely panned as inappropriate, but the president told The Wall Street Journal in an interview last week that they "got a call from the head of the Boy Scouts saying it was the greatest speech that was ever made to them.” POLITICO published the transcript of that interview Tuesday.
Story Continued Below
The Boy Scouts of America, however, apologized to its members after the speech and then said Wednesday that the organization was not aware of any calls between its leaders and Trump.
Sanders said Wednesday that the president had had "direct conversations" with Boy Scout leaders but "not actual phone calls" with the group.
"I wouldn't say it was a lie," Sanders told reporters at the daily briefing, after one journalist asked whether the president had lied by describing the conversation as a phone call. "That's a pretty bold accusation. The conversations took place. They just simply didn't take place over a phone call. ... They had them in person."
"Multiple members of the Boy Scout leadership following their speech there that day congratulated him, praised them and offered ... quite powerful compliments following their speech, and those were what those references were about," Sanders said.
They gave a similar explanation about a phone call Trump said Monday he'd had with the president of Mexico about the United States' border policies. Mexico said the call never happened. Sanders said Trump was actually referring to a conversation the two leaders had at the G-20 summit in Germany last month.
President Randall Stephenson and Chief Scout Executive Mike Surbaugh are the Scouts' top leaders, but neither has disclosed any communication with Trump nor their administration.
Surbaugh wrote an apology letter to members after Trump's speech distancing the Scouts from Trump. They noted that inviting presidents to the celebration is a long-standing Scout tradition and urged the Scouts to look past the divisive moment and toward emulating Scout values.
“While we live in a challenging time in a country divided along political lines, the focus of Scouting remains the same today as every day,” Surbaugh wrote on July 27.
The biblical epic "Noah" hit the box office its opening weekend with a strong start but many movie goers left the theater secretly thinking the same thing: Wait a minute. Why was everyone white?
Journalist Christine A. Scheller sat down with the film's screenwriter, Ari Handel, to investigate why there was plenty of diversity with the animals but none when it came to the people in the film.
Here is how they responded:
"From the beginning, we were concerned about casting, the issue of race. What we realized is that this story is functioning at the level of myth, and as a mythical story, the race of the individuals doesn't matter. They're supposed to be stand-ins for all people. Either you end up with a Bennetton ad or the crew of the Starship Enterprise. You either try to put everything in there, which just calls attention to it, or you just say, 'Let's make that not a factor, because we're trying to deal with everyman.' Looking at this story through that kind of lens is the same as saying, 'Would the ark float and is it big enough to get all the species in there?' That's irrelevant to the questions because the questions are operating on a different plane than that; they're operating on the mythical plane."
POST CONTINUES BELOW
It looks like Handel tried to take the easy way out with the interview but as expected, Twitter was not happy with their justification:
RT @elisehahn: @LisaBolekaja @NoahMovie What an incredibly disappointing response to a very important question. — Film Fatale (@FilmFatale_NYC) April 12, 2014
@reelsistas so I'm supposed to believe a group of white people repopulated a world full of different colors and ethnicities? Um no... — Film Fatale (@FilmFatale_NYC) April 12, 2014
Ari Handel says a "Myth," looking like a "Bennetton ad or the Starship Enterprise," is a bad thing. Internalized white supremacy, yo. — Kristen McHugh (@kristenmchugh22) April 12, 2014
Also, Ari Handel co-wrote The Fountain as well, which would explain why both films are apparently of the same navel-gazing fail vein. — Paige Kimble (@rhiannonrevolts) April 12, 2014
To read the complete interview with Ari Handel, click here.
[via THC]
Ray Rice Domestic Violence Wiped From Their Record
Ray Rice -- Domestic Violence Wiped From Their Record
Breaking News
Ray Rice is officially no longer a domestic violence offender -- the charges from the elevator beating of their then-fiancee have been dismissed and expunged.
The former Baltimore Ravens star completed a pretrial intervention program, and the Atlantic County D.A. sent a dismissal order to the court. Judge Michael A. Donio signed the order early Thursday morning.
As we previously reported, Rice struck a deal with prosecutors -- they were initially indicted on a charge of felony aggravated assault, but the D.A. lowered that to simple assault, a misdemeanor. The deal was controversial ... especially after TMZ Sports first posted the video of Rice inside a casino elevator, brutally knocking Janay Palmer unconscious.
According to docs, Rice was in the supervised intervention program for 12 months. They also had to pay a $125 fine.
So, Rice has now put the criminal case behind them -- and late last year NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell reinstated him, but Rice has not been picked up by a team yet.
Apple today seeded the fourth beta of OS X 10.10.4 to developers, just over two weeks after releasing the third OS X 10.10.4 beta and a month after releasing the first OS X 10.10.4 beta . OS X 10.10.4 has been in testing since mid April, following the early April release of OS X 10.10.3 with the new Photos for OS X app.The new beta, build 14E26a, can be downloaded through the Software Update mechanism in the Mac App Store or through the Mac Developer Center.OS X 10.10.3 brought several consumer-facing changes including the new Photos for OS X app, a redesigned emoji picker, and diversified emoji, but OS X 10.10.4 appears to be an under-the-hood update that brings performance enhancements and bug fixes. Thus far, OS X 10.10.4 betas have not included outward facing design changes or feature additions.The first two updates to OS X Yosemite, OS X 10.10.1 and OS X 10.10.2 , were also minor behind-the-scenes updates that improved performance through bug fixes and enhancements.
Canada is ready to offer the United Nations a list of high-end equipment and troops who could train peacekeepers from other countries for dangerous deployments, CBC News has learned.
The pledge, to be made Wednesday by Prime Minister Justin Trudeau at an international gathering of defence ministers in Vancouver, does not involve a long-awaited commitment to a specific mission, nor will it see large-scale boots on the ground, said multiple sources.
The Liberal government pledged over a year ago to deliver up to 600 troops and 150 police officers to UN-mandated peace operations.
The goal is still relevant, said one official who spoke the condition anonymity, but it is something the government "is committed to build up to."
The Vancouver proposal will attempt to address critical institutional gaps at the UN, one the world body has repeatedly complained about, including shortcomings in planning, surveillance, the quality of forces going into the field, and also the number of women involved in deployments and conflict resolution.
The sources say the UN will be given an inventory of Canadian military and police "capabilities" — options for them to choose to support ongoing operations.
That would, in effect, involve smaller deployments of higher-skilled Canadian troops on an intermittent basis in the future, the sources said.
It would be a departure from the traditional concept of peacekeeping — involving battalions of infantry soldiers.
A new kind of peacekeeping
Among other things, Canada also wants to develop better methods to share and co-ordinate commitments between countries, said sources with knowledge of the file.
The sources say the Liberal government's contribution will also highlight the need for institutional reform.
"Peacekeeping is a great thing. Canada invented it. But it is sorely in need of reform," said one senior government official speaking to CBC News on background. "The traditional way of going about things needs to change for new world situations."
The Liberals committed to specific troop numbers in order for Canada to get a seat at the peacekeeping ministerial meeting in London last year.
But it was made without a full analysis the situation at the UN and the state of peacekeeping, said a source who was privy to the discussions at the time.
Canada's proposal will include addressing critical gaps at the UN including increasing the number of women involved in deployments and conflict resolution. (G2P2 Films/​SOC Films)
There are few traditional ceasefire observer missions around the world, the kind most Canadians associate with peacekeeping.
The UN has pitched Canada on a number of specific missions, including the dangerous deployment in Mali and several smaller ventures in the Central African Republic and South Sudan.
All of them have been turned down, much to the frustration of European allies, such as Germany, France and the Netherlands, which have been involved in missions in that region.
Atul Khare, the under-secretary general for the UN Department of Field Support, was more diplomatic in a recent interview.
"I wouldn't say we are frustrated," Khare told CBC's Power & Politics. "I would say we hope that this visit in Vancouver will be an opportunity to elicit from Canada their exact plans for their deployment and to work very closely with them to actually finalize those plans in the shortest possible time."
Equipment on offer
Preliminary discussions on what capabilities Canada could contribute have been taking place at UN headquarters in New York for weeks.
In late October CBC News, quoting sources in New York, reported on some of the exploratory capabilities that could be on offer.
They included a C-130J Hercules transport operating out of the UN's logistics hub in Entebbe, Uganda.
The military aircraft could be used to help transport personnel and equipment between missions in South Sudan, Democratic Republic of Congo and possibly Somalia.
There was a separate proposal to train peacekeepers in specific threats, such as countering roadside bombs and booby traps.
"We always need high-end capabilities, what I call the tactical airlift and even the strategic airlift," said Khare. "My department particularly is in discussions with Canada on this score and I hope an announcement can be made very soon."
Whether those suggestions made the final cut for Wednesday's announcement is unclear.
The Liberal government is also closely examining what sort of innovative technology can be piloted and introduced to UN missions, such as surveillance drones with infrared technology.
It has also examined the usefulness of GPS location devices for peacekeepers, among other things.
The Liberal government is also asking other countries attending the meeting to sign on to an initiative that aims to prevent the recruitment and use of child soldiers.
THEY ARE the first images of artefacts that have been recovered from the 'Lusitania' -- the world's largest passenger underwater war grave.
THEY ARE the first images of artefacts that have been recovered from the 'Lusitania' -- the world's largest passenger underwater war grave.
The objects -- which include the ship's telemotor, telegraph and two porthole windows -- are now in saltwater tanks in a laboratory in Tralee, Co Kerry, having been recovered on Monday as part of an archeological exhibition in the making of a documentary by 'National Geographic' magazine.
Six divers led by Waterford-based technical diving expert Eoin McGarry completed the dive to the wreck, which lies 100 metres deep on the seabed off the Cork coast, on Monday.
The artefacts were then brought to Tralee, where archaeologists Laurence Dunne, Julianna O'Donoghue and Ian Panter will examine them in greater detail.
The 'Lusitania' was sunk off the Old Head of Kinsale on May 7, 1915, after it was torpedoed by a German U-boat under the command of Captain Lieutenant Walter Swieger.
A second explosion caused the liner to sink in just 18 minutes -- a very rapid sinking, given that the 'Titanic' took over two hours to sink, despite suffering much more serious damage to its hull after striking an iceberg.
The lives of 1,201 passengers and crew were lost in the disaster. There were over 700 survivors. The sinking of the passenger liner, which was finishing its voyage from New York to Liverpool, has always been shrouded in controversy.
The British have always insisted that the ship was hit by a second torpedo, which caused a huge explosion, but the Germans maintained that it was a legitimate target with munitions on board for the war effort. They had warned people in newspaper advertisements not to travel on board the vessel.
Irish Independent
I deleted my blog this morning. I didn't know what else to do. I was minding my own business when I got a call from a good friend of mine sympathising with me about the Mail on Sunday article.
“What Mail on Sunday Article?”
“The one about you! I had no idea – I thought you were happy in your job?”
“I am happy in my job – what are you talking about?”
“You told the Mail on Sunday that your workmates were sexist and treated you really badly – there's a picture of you and everything”
And, just like that, my day fell apart. I don't really know what to do. I didn't know that this happened, or could happen, to people like me.
In November, I wrote a blogpost called “Women? In Air Traffic Control?”. I wrote it in response to people on Twitter and in my life who wanted to know what it was like to do my job. There aren't many of us. Most people don't meet much Air Traffic Controllers, and it has, in films, media, and most portrayals, been depicted as a job done mainly by men. You can read the post for yourself, it's below.
I tried to talk in it about what it was like for me, nearly a decade ago, being one of the first women to do my job in Ireland. I didn't then, and do not now, think my work colleagues are “Male Chauvinist Pigs”, as the Mail headlined their article. I love my job, and the people I work with. I was talking about how I felt years ago, starting out, slightly scared and intimidated by the responsibilities that people who do my job hold in our hands.
Yes, back then, some things bemused me. For example, I wrote in that post that two women weren't allowed to work together. That was then, and things have changed, and my original post makes that clear in the very next line. For the Mail to quote that line in order to make it appear that I am unhappy in my job, that my colleagues are sexist, or that I ever felt or feel unwanted, is disgusting.
The Mail never told me they were writing a piece about my blog. The journalist who wrote it never sent me an email asking me questions about my blog. I won't do to their professional reputation what they have done to mine, but let's just say that I wonder whether they would have expected me to answer their questions the way they wanted.
As it is, in the middle of an incredibly trying time for my colleagues, an article has appeared in a Sunday Newspaper that says I feel abused by the people I work with. It gives me opinions that I do not have, and uses words I have never said. It does so to attack my profession, impugn my employers, and portray me as a victim of my friends.
I feel sick. Any future employer could fairly read what Luke Byrne has written about me and conclude that I am a disloyal, untrustworthy person. The people I work with today could, and probably have, read it and decided that I am not on their side, and that I think that they are sexist, nasty, bullies. None of this is true.
I don't “do” media. Other than friends who happen to work in the media, or people given tours of where I work, I've never dealt with a journalist. This blog was supposed to be an account of my life, what I do, and how I got here. Today it has been transformed into a weapon to be used by an unscrupulous, nasty person against some of the people I care most about.
My first reaction was to delete everything. I wiped it all away. Then I realised it was the only monument to my actual opinions that exists for people to read. If it's gone, then all that is left is an article that turns me into somebody else who thinks things that never did or would cross my mind.
I don't know whether I have a cause of action. I'm not a lawyer. Maybe twisting my words and my ideas into something perverse is totally legal.
Maybe not giving me a right to respond is totally legal. Maybe not even telling me there was going to be an article is totally legal. Publishing my photograph without my knowledge or consent probably is totally legal. But I don't know how it could be. I've never ever felt this low. All I have ever tried to do is do a good job for the people I serve and the people I work with. I want to be thought well of, to be happy, and to be respected. How anybody who works with me could read that article and either respect or think well of me, I don't know.
I'm sure this happens to other people all the time. Probably people who are far more famous than me. I've probably read and formed opinions of other people based on things that are just not true. I've probably talked about other people's lives based on things I've read that were hurtful to them.
I just can't get my head around it. I could never, ever, ever do this to somebody else. I don't understand how they couldn't ask me for a comment. Or for my actual opinion. Instead, there's a whole page of a national newspaper devoted to what I think of the people I work with, when in fact I think pretty much the exact opposite.
I don't know what I'm going to do – or what I can do. But I know that I'm not going to leave it at this. Advice would be gratefully recieved.
To my work colleagues, I'm so, so, so, sorry. The person in that article is not me. It's a twisted version of me, built to suit the nasty agenda of a journalist who doesn't know me, and has never met me. I don't know what more to say.
–UPDATE–
Due to the overwhelming support I have received, I am unable to keep track of the comments and have decided to close the comments sections for now. I would like to thank everybody for their support, it has been a tremendous help during this difficult period. You can find me on Twitter (@mrs_schregardus ) where I can better keep track and respond.
Advertisements
It's been several months since I've added a post to this series, since this one back on February 22. There's good reason for that. With the breakup of last year's big El Niño, global temperatures declined significantly. The latest global temperature anomaly from the UAH satellite temperature series is +0.21 deg C for June 2017 -- down a remarkable 0.65 deg C from the February 2016 global anomaly of +0.86 deg C. The Northern Hemisphere anomaly dropped even more, by 0.86 deg C, from +1.19 deg C to only +0.32 deg C. Those declines represent well more than half of the entire warming that had been present in the satellite record at the peak of the El Niño, and bring recent temperatures below those recorded during many months in the 1980s and 90s. It's no wonder that the breathless press releases from NASA and NOAA trumpeting "hottest [April, May, June, etc.] ever!" have at least temporarily ceased.
But the lack of "record warming" announcements coming out of the government has not stopped independent researchers from further examining the surface temperature records from NASA and NOAA (and also from a British group called Hadley CRU that gets its starting data from the same source) to try to quantify and understand the "adjustments" that continue to be made. Readers of my series know that NASA, NOAA and Hadley CRU report global temperatures derived from a different source from the satellites, namely a network of land- and ocean-based surface weather stations known as the Global Historical Climate Network, or GHCN. These so-called "surface temperatures" are inherently in need of some ongoing adjustments, to account for things like station moves and nearby urbanization. But somehow the adjustment process has gotten into the hands of some committed global warming zealots, and next thing you know each round of adjustments seems progressively to make the past cooler and the present warmer, thus always enhancing the apparent warming. Oh, plus the adjusters refuse to release details of the bases and methodology for the adjustments. After a few decades of this, reasonable people come to have serious and well-justified doubts about whether the reported warming trends can be trusted.
The latest effort at analyzing the adjustments comes from a team of independent researchers led by James Wallace, and including Joseph D'Aleo and Craig Idso. Their new Research Report can be found at this link, titled "On the Validity of NOAA, NASA and Hadley CRU Global Average Surface Temperature [GAST] Data & The Validity of EPA's CO2 Endangerment Finding." The new Research Report has seven highly qualified peer reviewers identified in the paper itself. From the Abstract:
In this research report, the most important surface data adjustment issues are identified and past changes in the previously reported historical data are quantified. It was found that each new version of GAST has nearly always exhibited a steeper warming linear trend over its entire history. And, it was nearly always accomplished by systematically removing the previously existing cyclical temperature pattern. This was true for all three entities providing GAST data measurement, NOAA, NASA and Hadley CRU.
As others have previously noticed, the periodic revisions to GAST data from all three entities have brought with them a systematic cooling of the past and warming of the recent and the present, to a degree that hugely strains credulity. But the new Wallace, et al., paper takes another step, and examines the equally systematic removal from the surface temperature record of a cyclical pattern widely reflected in raw temperature data from multiple regions. As the paper notes, if you look at much raw (unadjusted) data, a cyclical pattern is immediately obvious: temperatures gradually increase from the beginning of records in the late nineteenth century through about 1940; then temperatures decrease through about the 1970s; then the increase resumes through about 2000; and finally temperatures level off through the present. This cycle results in a temperature peak around 1940, sometimes referred to as the "blip." The "blip" has long been recognized to be a problem for the hypothesis that human greenhouse gas emissions are the principal control knob for global temperatures, because human emissions had barely begun before 1940 -- when temperatures were increasing -- and then human emissions began to increase sharply from the 1950s to the 1970s -- when temperatures were declining. Doesn't that significantly undermine the hypothesis? The successive rounds of adjustments to the surface temperature records have systematically removed this "blip," making for a temperature record seemingly supporting the hypothesis. Could this possibly be honest? From the Wallace, et al., paper:
As has been clearly shown in Section IV above, the consequences of the changes made to previously reported historical versions of GAST data have been to virtually eliminate the previously existing cyclical nature of their previously reported trend cycle patterns. The notion that there was a 1930 and 40s warm period followed by a mid-1970 cool period now gets lost in the noise so to speak.
As just one example from the paper, a comparison of the GAST data from NASA from May 2017 versus May 2008 shows that, in between the issuance of those two versions of the data, nearly all annual mean temperatures from approximately 1920 to 1940 have been reduced by between 0.05 deg C and 0.20 deg C, while nearly all annual mean temperatures from approximately 1980 to 2000 have been increased by between 0.05 deg C and 0.20 deg C. The obvious effects have been substantially to remove the 1940s "blip" and to strongly enhance the warming trend. Other data revisions at different points in time have made additional changes to the same effect. The basis and methodology for these adjustments have never been explained.
Have these adjustments been part of an intentional program to alter data to fit the desired hypothesis -- in other words, classic scientific fraud? The 2009 Climategate emails give additional evidence. For example, one of the best known of those emails is the September 27, 2009 message from Tom Wigley of NCAR to Phil Jones, head of Hadley CRU. In that email, Wigley proposes an intentional effort to reduce the ocean part of the surface record by 0.15 deg C, not to make the record a better representation of reality, but rather to make the evidence fit the narrative. Excerpts:
So, if we could reduce the [1940s] ocean blip by, say, 0.15 degC, then this would be significant for the global mean -- but we'd still have to explain the land blip. I've chosen 0.15 here deliberately. This still leaves an ocean blip, and i think one needs to have some form of ocean blip to explain the land blip (via either some common forcing, or ocean forcing land, or vice versa, or all of these). . . . My 0.15 adjustment leaves things consistent with this, so you can see where I am coming from. Removing ENSO does not affect this. It would be good to remove at least part of the 1940s blip, but we are still left with "why the blip".
From the conclusion of the Wallace, et al., paper:
While the notion that some “adjustments” to historical data might need to be made is not challenged, logically it would be expected that such historical temperature data adjustments would sometimes raise these temperatures, and sometimes lower them. This situation would mean that the impact of such adjustments on the temperature trend line slope is uncertain. However, each new version of GAST has nearly always exhibited a steeper warming linear trend over its entire history. That was accomplished by systematically removing the previously existing cyclical temperature pattern. This was true for all three entities providing GAST data measurement, NOAA, NASA and Hadley CRU. . . .
The conclusive findings of this research are that the three GAST data sets are not a valid representation of reality. In fact, the magnitude of their historical data adjustments, that removed their cyclical temperature patterns, are totally inconsistent with published and credible U.S. and other temperature data. Thus, it is impossible to conclude from the three published GAST data sets that recent years have been the warmest ever – despite current claims of record setting warming.
The adjustments to the GAST record have been part of a coordinated effort to influence public policy by supporting restrictions on greenhouse gas emissions. In the United States, the EPA's finding that CO2 constitutes a "danger" to human health and welfare rests on what EPA calls its three "lines of evidence," one of which is the supposedly "record warming" as shown in the GAST data. Oh, it now seems that the "record warming" is not present in the raw data, but is nothing more than an artifact of adjustments made by government bureaucrats. The final conclusion of the Wallace, et al., paper:
[S]ince GAST data set validity is a necessary condition for EPA's GHG/CO2 Endangerment Finding, it too is invalidated by these research findings.
On July 6 my co-counsel and I submitted a Supplemental Petition to EPA, citing this new paper, seeking to have EPA reopen and reconsider the Endangerment Finding. We have called upon EPA to hold hearings on the record and under oath, at which hearings the people who have made the "adjustments" to create supposedly record warming should be called upon to set forth their detailed methods. It is high time that the people who have made these adjustments justify their handiwork to the American people.
UPDATE, July 9, 2017: It occurs to me that readers may be interested in this tidbit of information: That September 27, 2009 email from Wigley to Jones has a cc -- to a guy named Ben Santer. Do you recognize the name?  They are another "scientist" on the government/taxpayer dime, and another serious global warming zealot, who works at the Livermore Lab in California. You may have seen their op ed in the Washington Post on June 21, 2017, title "Attention Scott Pruitt: Red teams and blue teams are no way to conduct climate science." Excerpt:
[C]alls for special teams of investigators are not about honest scientific debate. They are dangerous attempts to elevate the status of minority opinions, and to undercut the legitimacy, objectivity and transparency of existing climate science.
What are you afraid of, Ben? Time to get this guy under oath!
And here's yet another bit of similar news. You may recall that several years ago (real) Canadian climate scientist Tim Ball wrote of (fake) Penn State climate scientist Michael "Hockey Stick" Mann that "he belongs in the state pen, not Penn. State." Mann sued Ball for libel in a court in Vancouver, Canada. Ball demanded to get in discovery the underlying data and computer code that support Mann's "hockey stick" temperature reconstruction. Back in February, the Canadian court ordered Mann to produce that information. According to Principia Scientific, Mann has now defaulted on that obligation and has gone into contempt of court. According to PS:
[U]nder Canada's unique ‘Truth Defense', Mann is now proven to have wilfully hidden their data, so the court may rule they hid it because it is fake.
That may turn out to be an overprediction of how bad this will prove for Mann. Still, it is very remarkable that Mann would think they could be a plaintiff in a libel case and not have to produce the data and code that support their statements. Another guy to get under oath!
For all articles in this series on government temperature data tampering fraud, go to this link.
