American Red Cross disaster services volunteers, Theresa Grimes and husband Richard Grimes are two of approximately 2,500 regional volunteers and 1,400 disaster relief volunteers who drop everything to help survivors during disasters. (Andy Tullis / The Bulletin) 5619206
American Red Cross disaster services volunteers, Theresa Grimes and husband Richard Grimes are two of approximately 2,500 regional volunteers and 1,400 disaster relief volunteers who drop everything to help survivors during disasters. (Andy Tullis / The Bulletin) - Bulletin
Theresa Grimes and Richard Grimes place crucial items into their disaster relief bag while placing it in the back of their car, giving them an opportunity to respond quickly to an emergency. (Andy Tullis / The Bulletin) 5626498
Theresa Grimes and Richard Grimes place crucial items into their disaster relief bag while placing it in the back of their car, giving them an opportunity to respond quickly to an emergency. (Andy Tullis / The Bulletin) - Bulletin
A- A+
By Peter Madsen • The Bulletin
If you go What: Prepare Out Loud — Bend Where: Tower Theatre When: Nov. 7, 7-8:30 p.m. Cost: Free For more information visit: www.redcross.org/prepareoutloudbend OPB's “Aftershock”: http://bit.ly/1Pv8KIG
Theresa and Richard Grimes keep their emergency suitcases packed and ready to go. As on-call American Red Cross disaster service volunteers, the husband and wife — together and individually — have deployed many times with less than 24 hours' notice.
“If they call me today at 3 o'clock, I'm ready to go tomorrow morning,” Theresa said.
If you go What: Prepare Out Loud — Bend Where: Tower Theatre When: Nov. 7, 7-8:30 p.m. Cost: Free For more information visit: www.redcross.org/prepareoutloudbend OPB's “Aftershock”: http://bit.ly/1Pv8KIG View More
Among The Red Cross Cascades — which serves Oregon and Southwest Washington — the Grimeses are two of approximately 2,500 regional volunteers and 1,400 disaster relief volunteers who drop everything to help survivors. Responsibilities are wide-ranging yet typically involve food and water distribution and sheltering concerns.
However eerily, the Grimeses — and the Red Cross — know their next deployment may be in their own backyard in response to Cascadia Rising, the catch-all term for the earthquake and tsunami that seismologists say are poised to strike the Pacific Northwest.
“It's easy to think, ‘It'll never happen to me,'” they said. “Even I think that — it's human nature. But Mother Nature has no boundaries.”
As a way to spread awareness about Cascadia Rising, the Red Cross has launched its Prepare Out Loud presentation throughout Western and Central Oregon.
The presentation, which began in June and has reached 2,000 people, is a Cascadia earthquake crash-course. It covers the science and history of the Cascadia subduction zone, human behavior during disasters, what to expect during and after an earthquake, how to locate loved ones and how much food, water and supplies a person will need.
Steven Eberlein, a Red Cross foundations director and the presentation's creator, is particularly concerned about what they call the culture of preparedness.
“The cultural problem we have with preparedness is we don't expect each other to prepare. It's not part of our social dynamic yet,” they said. Cascadia earthquake preparation will catch on the same way people quit smoking and began wearing seat belts — when people see their peers changing their behaviors.
Based in Portland, Eberlein, 39, said Prepare Out Loud was inspired by their relief work in Sri Lanka after the 2004 Boxing Day Tsunami. They were already there, working as a teacher for a different international aid organization, when a subduction zone earthquake off the coast of Indonesia — more than 1,000 miles away — sent a massive wave rolling westward. Sri Lanka didn't feel the 9.0-magnitude earthquake but its tsunami killed more than 30,000 people on the island alone.
The pending Cascadia earthquake, if it's a full rip along its 700-mile fault line, will also register around 9 on the Richter Scale. Earthquakes this strong shake for four to six minutes. Eberlein said Cascadia Rising will be on par with the earthquakes and tsunamis that originated near Indonesia and, in 2011, Japan — two of the strongest earthquakes ever recorded.
Cascadia's fault
The Cascadia subduction zone, located 80 miles from the Pacific Northwest coast and running parallel, stretches from Northern California to Vancouver Island. Along this fault line, the Juan de Fuca oceanic plate is sliding gradually under the North American tectonic plate. Over time, pressure has gradually accumulated, which unleashes a massive earthquake and resultant tsunami, on average, every 243 years. As scientists have recently learned, the Cascadia subduction zone is 76 years overdue.
From California to Canada, 7 million people will be directly impacted by just the shaking, said Eberlein. This makes it a much more difficult relief operation than, say, a San Francisco earthquake where the damage is relatively isolated and relief is more easy brought from the outside.
According to a 2015 Pulitzer Prize-winning New Yorker article, the Federal Emergency Management Agency estimates 13,000 people will die in the Cascadia earthquake and tsunami. The odds of a Cascadia earthquake and tsunami happening in the next 50 years are about 1 in 3.
“Right now we have a situation where millions of us will directly be impacted by the largest natural disaster to ever hit North America,” Eberlein said.
Richard Grimes, 74, who is also a Red Cross Cascades board member and head of sheltering, said they were briefed about Cascadia Rising years ago during their 26-year tenure as a police officer in Eugene. Now living in Bend (he said the move had nothing do with Cascadia Rising), the Grimeses attend the Red Cross Cascades Disaster Academy in Salem twice a year where they take refresher courses. Volunteers learn how to administer relief to the survivors of a variety of disasters, including floods, tornadoes, earthquakes, hurricanes and wildfires.
“We've taken every class you can take. On paper we're qualified to do anything the Red Cross wants us to take,” Richard said. They also attended a weeklong Cascadia Rising exercise a few months ago that simulated disaster scenarios in Central Oregon. In one simulation, the Wickiup Dam ruptured, and they and their team were responsible for sheltering 10,000 people displaced from the La Pine area.
“That was an eye-opener,” Richard said. “We thought we would use the fairgrounds as a sheltering spot for refugees, but they said ‘No, you can't use that area because FEMA is going to be using it.'”
Eberlein said preparation for a natural disaster ultimately comes down to the individual. They recommend visiting “Aftershock,” an Oregon Public Radio's interactive online feature, where users punch in their zip code and learn about their area's seismic risks and what they can do to prepare. Of Bend, the site says: “The shaking here is moderate. You feel it. It wakes up anyone who's sleeping. Books and knick-knacks are falling off shelves. Windows and dishes are breaking.” It may take several weeks for Bend to repair damages to its natural gas lines, according to the site.
Eberlein said, “No one has power over time and space. After an emergency, we expect help, but there is no magic button to get you everything you need. Today is when you have power over time and space.”
Answering a call
The Grimeses have responded to numerous natural disasters, including the December 2015 floods in Portland and Seattle. In 2005, Theresa helped out in Louisiana for 31 days after Hurricane Katrina. They recently deployed to the area again; this time to Baton Rouge, where they served meals to flood survivors from a Red Cross emergency response vehicle. It was their eighth deployment in 14 months.
“You have to take a break,” said Theresa, 64, adding that between the heat, humidity and the physical and emotional toll “it was the hardest work I ever did.”
Theresa described a lasting memory serving meals in a Baton Rogue apartment complex. They met parents of two young children who lost their jobs because of flooding, and they were in the process of losing their apartment, too, which was succumbing to mold. Being able to provide sustenance to their two young children was the parents' top priority. Theresa said they were gratified to guarantee them two hot daily meals. Before they returned to Bend, Theresa said they made it clear to the survivors there would be a Red Cross volunteer to take them place.
“Being there, (showing) affection, understanding, giving a hug, a smile” goes a long way, they said. “I would do it again in a heartbeat.”
— Reporter: 541-617-7816, pmadsen@bendbulletin.com
15061464
More than one-third of voters say they are less likely to vote for Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump following their response to criticism from a Muslim American couple whose son died serving the United States during the Iraq War, according to a new Morning Consult poll.
But many voters are still in favor of Trump's policies temporarily banning Muslims from immigrating to the United States and banning immigration from countries with a history of terrorism.
The national poll was conducted Monday and Tuesday amid the four-day news cycle spawned by Trump's suggestion that Khizr Khan had instructed their wife, Ghazala Khan, to stay silent during their appearance at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia. During the speech, Khizr Khan assailed Trump's proposed ban on Muslim immigration, questioning their knowledge of the Constitution and their commitment to the country.
Trump, in response, suggested that Ghazala Khan wasn't allowed to speak. “Maybe they aren't allowed to have anything to say,” they told ABC's George Stephanapoulos. Trump also said that he, too, has made sacrifices. “I think I've made a lot of sacrifices. I work very, very hard. I've created thousands and thousands of jobs, tens of thousands of jobs, built great structures. I've had tremendous success. I think I've done a lot.”
Trump also said in a tweet that Khan “viciously attacked me” from the DNC stage.
Do Donald Trump's criticisms and responses to the Khan family make you more or less likely to vote for Donald Trump in the 2016 election?
More likely Less Likely Doesn't Change Registered Voters 14% 34% 41% Democrats 6% 53% 32% Independents 9% 31% 45% Republicans 28% 14% 49%
Trump's critique of the Khan family left 34 percent of voters less likely to vote for him, while 14 percent said it made them more likely to back Trump. Republicans were more forgiving, but 14 percent of them still said that Trump's remarks made them less likely to support them in the election.
Importantly, the episode made 31 percent of self-identified independent voters less likely to vote for Trump, although 45 percent said the incident didn't change anything about their vote in November.
In just a few days since Khan spoke at the Democratic convention, where they waved a pocket Constitution and accused Trump of “sacrificing nothing and no one” for the country, 63 percent of voters had heard some or a lot about their appearance. More than half of voters (56 percent) agreed with Khan's sentiment, though more than one-fourth (26 percent) disagreed with their remarks.
Do you agree or disagree with Khan's statement that Donald Trump has ”sacrificed nothing, and no one” in defense of the United States?
Agree Disagree Don't Know/No Opinion Registered 51% 26% 22% Democrats 74% 12% 14% Independents 47% 24% 29% Republicans 30% 45% 24%
In response to Khan's remarks about Trump, 39 percent of voters said they had a less favorable view of the Republican nominee. Only 13 percent of all respondents said Khan's comments gave them a more favorable view of Trump, while 36 percent said Khan's remarks had no impact on their opinion of the New York business person.
More Republicans (20 percent) said Khan's comments left them with a more favorable view of Trump instead of a less favorable view (18 percent), while 50 percent of GOP voters said Khan's statements made no difference in their opinion of Trump.
Again, one-third of independents were moved away from Trump, saying Khan's remarks gave them a less favorable view of the GOP nominee.
Trump's response to Khan, both questioning the role of Ghazala Khan and claiming that they also sacrificed a lot by creating jobs, left voters with a far worse impression of him. Roughly six out of 10 respondents (59 percent) said those comments were inappropriate.
Do you support or oppose a temporary ban on all Muslims immigrating to the United States?
Support Oppose Don't Know/No Opinion Registered Voters 43% 41% 16% Democrats 22% 62% 16% Independents 30% 38% 22% Republicans 73% 19% 8%
Still, Trump's proposed temporary ban on all Muslim immigration – the subject of the most striking parts of Khan's remarks – is supported by 43 percent of voters and opposed by 41 percent, within the 2-point margin of error. The policy proposal is backed by 73 percent of Republicans and 40 percent of independent voters but only 22 percent of Democrats.
Another proposal Trump that would place a ban on immigration from countries with a “proven history of terrorism” is supported by 58 percent of voters. Almost four out of 10 Democrats (38 percent) support that policy, along with 55 percent of independents and 83 percent of Republicans.
Half of voters said banning immigration from countries with terrorism is constitutional, while 26 percent said it was not. Only 35 percent think the ban on Muslims is unconstitutional, while 41 percent said it is not unconstitutional.
The Morning Consult poll surveyed 2,001 registered voters from Aug. 1-2 for a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points. See the toplines and crosstabs.
by Akim Reinhardt
I don't believe in gods. I believe in metaphors. Once upon a time, people all around the world had many gods, lots of metaphors for the experiences of their lives. And by sacrificing or praying to each god, they acknowledged the forces that shaped their existence. Gods of luck, of thunder, of death, of water, of fertility, of the sun, of air, and on and on and on, covering every nuance of human perception.
From the ancient Mediterranean, the Greek metaphors are most familiar to us today. Zeus represented the patriarchy, Apollo the sun, Aphrodite love, Artemis nature, Demeter the harvest, Hera envy, Athena wisdom, Hades death, Poseidon the seas, Aries war, and so on. Each one of them reflected the universal human values that people crave to control, understand, and express. In choosing a patron god, one could reflect themselves as they were or whom they wished to be. In fearing another god, one could find a mechanism for coping with life's scary uncertainties and mournful inevitabilities. And through offerings to various gods, one could hope to raise into being the metaphors that might shape their destiny.
But a revolution was already brewing. Several related tribes of Middle Eastern herdsmen did something radical about 4,000 years ago. They came together and combined all of their metaphors into a single god. For them there would no longer be a pallet of distinct emotions. Instead, they would all be wrapped up into one glorious rainbow. These people would give their allegiance to a single, monotheistic metaphor, one god to define the full extent of the human experience.
It was a big change and a tall order. There were some hiccups. One side effect was that their god showed themselves to be rather schizophrenic. At one minute they would be a kind and loving god. The next they would be full of wrath and vengeance. Very often, they would be silent, as if saying too many things at once were best countered by saying nothing at all.
But despite their inconsistencies, the new one god would endure. Because in its totality, this combination of all metaphors produced a new single metaphor: the vast unknown.
The new god resided not just on a mountain or in a temple, but everywhere at all times. They were omnipresent. The new god understood not just a specific facet of humanity, they knew them all. They were omniscient. And the new god's responses were not limited to select arrows in a quiver, they could do anything. They were omnipotent. They were the creator. They were the giver of life. They were the taker of life. They were the source of the afterlife. They had made the world, and they might even end it. They were responsible for starting and ending everything. They were the Great Unknown. And though you could never really know him, you could rest assured that they knew absolutely everything about you. And by this formula they filled the needs provided by every other god. They were the ultimate confidant. This god was the metaphor of a complete life. This metaphor was the life-giving father who loved you very much, but demanded your unquestioning obedience, offering every reward and issuing every punishment in both life and death.
For a long time, these herdsmen were the only people with a single metaphor. Even long after they settled down and added agriculture to their daily routine, they lingered in the world as the sole people with a single, great, encompassing metaphor, while others continued to divide and pick and choose as situations and yearnings and fears dictated. The one metaphor was at times jealous and insecure, demanding full obedience, punishing those who strayed, berating other metaphors, and occasionally urging its followers to eradicate the competition.
The one new metaphor stood alone, like an island amid the polytheistic sea, threatened by washing waves and battering winds. But it persisted, and it did so in part because it could appeal to everyone. Each person who followed had their perfect, custom fit metaphor. The single metaphor represented whatever aspects of life and death concerned you, so followers need not seek solace and guidance from any others.
But metaphors can be very powerful. And after you create them you cannot always maintain your exclusive ownership. Ideas cannot be reigned in like horses or cached like gold. Once loosed in the world, a metaphor can float like air. Anyone can inhale it, make it their own. But when they exhale, you may not recognize the aroma. Yet, there is nothing you can do it about it. You may still have your metaphor, and maybe you were the first one to ever have it. But now others have it as well, and it is not exactly the same metaphor as you understand it.
One of the tribesman was named Yeshua, or Joshua in English. The Greeks would call them Jesus. Yeshua believed very deeply in the metaphor, perhaps more so than most. They worried that the conquering Romans were impeding upon the earthly realization of the metaphor, and so they spoke out. The Kingdom of God was glorious. The Kingdom of God would return to earth. The Kingdom. It would replace Caesar.
The Romans were open to letting the people of their empire celebrate whatever metaphor they liked. They were not terribly picky that way. But the Romans did not suffer insubordination. Yeshua paid the price for their devotion.
Yeshua's deep love of the metaphor continued on after their death and their followers preached about him. In so doing, they transformed the fallen monotheist themselves into a new metaphor: the Son of the Great Metaphor.
The metaphor of Yeshua was a blending of the old and the new. It harkened back to the world of many metaphors, of metaphors in the shape of people and animals, of divine metaphors that mingled with mortal men. The new believers raised their new metaphor, giving it a face and ten fingers. They looked and talked and walked the earth like a human being, just as many of the other polytheistic metaphors still did. This made the metaphor of Yeshua very appealing to those people unwilling to accept a more abstract metaphor. But the advocates of Yeshua also kept the Grand Hebraic Metaphor instead of abandoning it. The new metaphor would be the son of the One Metaphor, half-mortal and half-divine, half-alive and half-dead, half of Earth and half of Heaven, half-personified and half-abstract.
If the Father was still the abstract metaphor of everything, the Son was more focused. They were the filter through which everything was refined into one thing: Love.
The metaphor of pure love was a powerful one. Love is the emotional expression that makes a life complete. Love brings freedom. Love brings meaning. Love brings a happiness so fulfilling that it will overwhelm you, and tears will spill across your cheek. Love is what will summon the depths of our courage and weaken our knees with fear. Love is the iron core of our resolve. Love gives our lives meaning. Love is our ultimate salvation.
Love was the new metaphor to believe in. When you had love, the metaphor took the shape of Heaven. When you did not, it took the shape of Hell. After all, what is more hellish than a life without love?
This was a very attractive metaphor, and as people breathed it in and out, the air became thick with its odor. But unfortunately, it was just a metaphor. And so the world did not become encomp
assed by love. Instead of loving, more and more people merely talked about the metaphor for it. Metaphors are just words. Metaphors are empty unless you take them to heart.
Then, six centuries following the rise of the Son, the Father would show themselves again. Once more, the idea of a single metaphor would inspire. The new teacher was named Mohammad. They listened to the Hebrews and said yes, there is but one metaphor. They listened to the Christians and said yes, that metaphor is Love. And furthermore, they said, there is only one way to believe in this metaphor. I know this because the metaphor has spoken to me and I will show you how. The metaphor speaks every now and then. They spoke to Abraham, to Moses, to Isaiah, and to Yeshua among others. The metaphor always speaks truly and the prophet always hears clearly, and always accurately repeats the message of the metaphor. But over time, people forget. And so the One True Metaphor will choose a new messenger to remind them. I am that new messenger. The One True Metaphor has spoken to me. Now listen. This is how to love.
Surrender.
Surrender.
Surrender.
The first Hebrew prophets said the Metaphor loves you.
Yeshua's disciples said you must share the Metaphor with everyone.
Now Mohammad also offered a true message. In order to love, you must surrender yourself to love. You cannot master it. You cannot control it. You cannot put conditions upon it. You cannot ask it to treat you favorably. You cannot own it. You cannot order it. You cannot live without it. You must surrender. Surrender to love and it will set you free.
Today, these metaphors are spread far and wide across the globe and many people profess to believe them. Most people, perhaps. But me, I do not believe in metaphors. I only believe in what they stand for. I believe very deeply in love. However, I prefer to love people, not metaphors about love.
Nevertheless, I understand why many people are more comfortable with metaphors. Loving a person is very dangerous. They may not respond in kind. And there is nothing sadder than a love that does not echo. To love someone and not have them love you back is the greatest of all tragedies. This is death. You love that other creature and they love you. Then one day they are no more. You still love them very, very much. However, they can no longer love you back. They cannot do anything. They are no more.
Where's mommy?
Mommy is in a metaphor for love called Heaven
I still love mommy.
Mommy still loves you too
How can mommy still love me from heaven?
Because now mommy themselves is also a metaphor for the love they gave you when they were still here to love you for real.
Life is painful. Loving a metaphor is safe. A metaphor will never deny your love. If you try really hard, you can even convince yourself that a metaphor loves you back. And a metaphor is forever. But life is fleeting and love is fragile.
I will remember the love you had for me after you are gone, and it will grant me solace in the depths of my sorrow.
—
Akim Reinhardt blogs regularly at The Public Professor
ClairvoyanceSC2 Profile Joined February 2012 United States 758 Posts #2 Time to go crazy on some trades ! :D
xpaperclip Profile Joined January 2011 Australia 989 Posts #3 Also, based on Google Translate of http://esports.dailygame.co.kr/view.php?ud=2014010312562037475 , it appears that Kespa intend to lighten up regarding ceremonies and are actually intending to introduce an award for best ceremony in Proleague.
smashlloyd20 Profile Joined October 2012 249 Posts #4 Oh well of course two people on my anti team are playing each other...time to hit up some trades
Gorlin Profile Joined November 2010 United States 2747 Posts #5 IM vs T1 looks very exciting, can't wait
Nerevar Profile Joined January 2013 533 Posts #6 Yay, more Terrans this week, except for SKT vs IM.
Dodgin Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 38849 Posts Last Edited: 2014-01-03 04:54:28 #7 no mvp again T_T
no fantasy
no byun
;;
sparklyresidue Profile Joined August 2011 United States 5380 Posts #8 Weird to me that Jin Air isn't using Coca, but their lineup is still very strong. Soon I hope! Like Tinkerbelle, I leave behind a sparkly residue.
Ensue Profile Joined March 2013 United States 144 Posts #9
PSA: RorO will be playing vs. Stats on Tuesday
I was not brave enough to put RorO on my anti team. In fact, I can't help but find RorO loveable... then again this is the first time I'm doing Fantasy Proleague seriously PSA: RorO will be playing vs. Sora on SundayPSA: RorO will be playing vs. Stats on TuesdayI was not brave enough to put RorO on my anti team. In fact, I can't help but find RorO loveable... then again this is the first time I'm doing Fantasy Proleague seriously “Toast cannot be explained by any rational means. Toast is me. I am toast.” —Margaret Atwood, Oryx and Crake
Pangpootata Profile Blog Joined January 2011 1670 Posts #10 Shit man, I need to trade RorO off anti team, but I will have to leave the RorO anti-team (balls of steel) group despite being tied at the top. Looks like my balls are no longer made of steel.
opterown Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Australia 42225 Posts #11 time to trade! Moderator Retired LR Bonjwa
NicksonReyes Profile Blog Joined May 2010 Philippines 4429 Posts #12 I challenge the Anti-Roro people to keep them in their Antis. "Start yo" -FlaSh
opterown Profile Blog Joined August 2011 Australia 42225 Posts #13 On January 03 2014 14:26 NicksonReyes wrote:
I challenge the Anti-Roro people to keep them in their Antis.
eh, not that bad at all eh, not that bad at all Moderator Retired LR Bonjwa
Dodgin Profile Blog Joined July 2011 Canada 38849 Posts Last Edited: 2014-01-03 05:27:50 #14 On January 03 2014 14:26 NicksonReyes wrote:
I challenge the Anti-Roro people to keep them in their Antis.
2 scared, traded for Kal. 2 scared, traded for Kal.
Pangpootata Profile Blog Joined January 2011 1670 Posts Last Edited: 2014-01-03 06:20:22 #15 I think I shall go bat shit insane and shift RorO from anti into my main team. Since the FPL rule of RorO is to never put RorO on your main or anti teams, I shall try to game the system by constantly trading RorO between my main and antiteams in anticipation of their up and down swings.
e: will probably flip a coin to decide whether I do that
lichter Profile Blog Joined September 2010 1001 YEARS KESPAJAIL 22175 Posts #16 Thanks! Administrator YOU MUST HEED MY INSTRUCTIONS TAKE OFF YOUR THIIIINGS
Lovedoll Profile Joined November 2011 Japan 539 Posts #17 Proleague 2014: Now with more Terran! Spread your eggs until they crack!
Shellshock Profile Blog Joined March 2011 United States 94972 Posts #18 Maru vs herO should be great! Moderator http://i.imgur.com/U4xwqmD.png
Arceus Profile Blog Joined February 2008 Vietnam 8280 Posts #19 not having many options though trade Stats for ByuL on antinot having many options though
Shellshock Profile Blog Joined March 2011 United States 94972 Posts #20 DRG on anti is working pretty well too now that MVP has realized that Sniper is their premier zerg Moderator http://i.imgur.com/U4xwqmD.png
1 2 3 4 5 7 8 9 Next All
Sheffield Wednesday have signed powerful Angolan striker Lucas Joao, subject to international clearance.
The pacy forward has penned a four-year deal at Hillsborough, joining from Portuguese Primeira Liga side Nacional.
Joao began their career as a youth with Beira Mar Atlético Clube Almada after moving to Portugal as a teenager.
In 2011 they signed for Nacional and moved out on loan to third tier side SC Mirandela to gain first team experience.
After impressing with Mirandela, the 21-year-old returned to Nacional for the 2013/14 campaign and the coveted hitman attracted the attention of a raft of clubs around Europe.
They now join Wednesday for an undisclosed fee.
Joao, who has scored three goals in as many appearances for the Portugal Under-21s, will now link up with former Nacional teammate Marco Matias at Hillsborough and becomes the Owls' ninth new recruit of the summer.
The Summit - The Little Tournament That Could May 12th, 2015 19:47 GMT Text by Julmust Graphics by The Summit Official The Little Tournament That Could
Groupstage
Power Rank
Liquipedia
Focus Mode
Turn off Focus Mode [x]
The Summit, and its inspiration the HomeStory Cup, in a way embody everything that is great about esports. Can you imagine any other form of professional competition where the best teams from all over the world fly into California and all stay in the same house for an entire week, both competing for a huge prize pool and simply enjoying themselves? The Summit provides us with something larger tournaments strive to achieve, but often fail in doing: the feeling of really getting to know our favorite teams and players.
Even if The Summit is portrayed as a small tournament, you can't ignore its sizeable prize pool. This year, so far, the community has managed to boost the prize pool from $100,000 to almost $270,000. So if any teams had been saving strategies throughout StarLadder and Red Bull Battle Grounds, this is the tournament where it's time for them to show their hand.
The Summit also has several interesting storylines. This week we will see EG play their first competitive game in nearly a month. Team Secret is coming off of a strong performance at Red Bull Battle Grounds where they narrowly managed to edge out another team at The Summit, Invictus Gaming, in the finals. You can bet on the fact that iG is hungry for an outright win this tournament after finishing in second place at two consecutive LANs. Lastly, you have VG, the other team responsible for the Cloud 9-esque placements from iG. After the StarLadder finals voices around the community were already crowning fy & co. as the TI5 champions. But after a surprising, and rather one-sided, 3-0 loss to Empire in the finals at D2CL last weekend one must ask if there is trouble brewing for the green machine.
Groupstage
The groupstage will use the GSL format which means that each group is a double elimination bracket without a grand final. The two top teams advances.
Power Rank 1. Team Secret Even though there were rumours about Secret not practicing for Red Bull Battle Grounds, no one can say that their performance in the finals was anything short of impressive. The team seems to have found their way of playing Dota now, which is why they top these rankings.
2. Vici Gaming Vici, unlike Team Secret, turned in a very poor performance this past weekend. Empire successfully shut the Chinese powerhouse down 3-0 in the finals of D2CL. And even if Empire is a quality team, getting 3-0'd by any team is never a good sign. Hopefully this will be VG's inspiration to perform well in LA. But we still believe that Team Secret will be too big of a bite for them this week.
3. Cloud 9 "Always the bridesmaid, never the bride" is pretty much the slogan for Cloud 9 these days, a team that has made a living off finishing second and third in tournaments. Last time we saw Cloud 9 on LAN they lost a very close series to Invictus Gaming at StarLadder XII. Jacky Mao and their boys will have to perform at the top of their abilities this weekend if they don't want to go home disappointed. But we feel like C9 has it in them to make their way to another third place.
4. Invictus Gaming The number two comes to mind when discussing iG right now. Two weeks. Two tournaments. Two second place finishes. It must be frustrating playing for iG right now. You cannot complain about the quality of the team or the plays they have made (see: game two at Red Bull Battle Grounds vs. Team Secret). But we think this second place curse will end with The Summit. Unfortunately, we don't think it's going to be a happy ending. While it's completely possible they can give Cloud 9 a run for their money, we don't think they will be able to triumph over them in a Bo3.
5. LGD Gaming LGD is a team that we are having a hard time placing. The last few months have been an endless roller coaster for the star-studded Chinese team. One week, they are able to beat the best, but the next week, they turn right around and drop games versus far lesser teams. This inconsistency combined with their lack of LAN appearances is what keeps them this low in the rankings.
6. Evil Geniuses If you ask us, EG is truly the dark horse of this tournament. No one, outside of their scrim partners, can know where the boys in blue stand. EG has not played a competitive game in close to a month. In the current Dota 2 world, where we see the best in the world play on a daily basis, this is almost unheard of. As we have no way of telling their current form, and especially with a new balance patch bringing major changes to the game, we've decided to keep EG out of the top five.
7. Not Today is the returning crowd favorites. Last year the team managed to make a big splash as the Dota 2 community as a whole decided to come together and give the MVP award to Freddy "SmAsH" Sina. Not Today got in through the American qualifier where they managed to take a game off EG. But that's as far as we think they'll go. In the groups, they will run into the brick wall that is Team Secret, LGD and iG. However, we'll all be hoping for an upset from the Peruvians!
8. Rave When the invitees for TI5 were announced, Rave must have felt robbed. Many compendium owners figured that Rave was the team that deserved the SEA region invite to Seattle. Although that does not matter in The Summit, Rave must be excited to come to LA and compete with the best regardless of their invite status. It's certainly the best possible practise they can get for the extremely tough TI5 qualifiers. Unfortunately, we sincerely doubt that they will be able to take a single game off of VG, EG or C9.
CREDITS
Writer: Julmust
Editor: tehh4ck3r, Sn0_Man
Graphics: Writer: JulmustEditor: tehh4ck3r, Sn0_ManGraphics: The Summit Offical The Summit, and its inspiration the HomeStory Cup, in a way embody everything that is great about esports. Can you imagine any other form of professional competition where the best teams from all over the world fly into California and all stay in the same house for an entire week, both competing for a huge prize pool and simply enjoying themselves? The Summit provides us with something larger tournaments strive to achieve, but often fail in doing: the feeling of really getting to know our favorite teams and players.Even if The Summit is portrayed as a small tournament, you can't ignore its sizeable prize pool. This year, so far, the community has managed to boost the prize pool from $100,000 to almost $270,000. So if any teams had been saving strategies throughout StarLadder and Red Bull Battle Grounds, this is the tournament where it's time for them to show their hand.The Summit also has several interesting storylines. This week we will see EG play their first competitive game in nearly a month. Team Secret is coming off of a strong performance at Red Bull Battle Grounds where they narrowly managed to edge out another team at The Summit, Invictus Gaming, in the finals. You can bet on the fact that iG is hungry for an outright win this tournament after finishing in second place at two consecutive LANs. Lastly, you have VG, the other team responsible for the Cloud 9-esque placements from iG. After the StarLadder finals voices around the community were already crowning fy & co. as the TI5 champions. But after a surprising, and rather one-sided, 3-0 loss to Empire in the finals at D2CL last weekend one must ask if there is trouble brewing for the green machine.Even though there were rumours about Secret not practicing for Red Bull Battle Grounds, no one can say that their performance in the finals was anything short of impressive. The team seems to have found their way of playing Dota now, which is why they top these rankings.Vici, unlike Team Secret, turned in a very poor performance this past weekend. Empire successfully shut the Chinese powerhouse down 3-0 in the finals of D2CL. And even if Empire is a quality team, getting 3-0'd by any team is never a good sign. Hopefully this will be VG's inspiration to perform well in LA. But we still believe that Team Secret will be too big of a bite for them this week."Always the bridesmaid, never the bride" is pretty much the slogan for Cloud 9 these days, a team that has made a living off finishing second and third in tournaments. Last time we saw Cloud 9 on LAN they lost a very close series to Invictus Gaming at StarLadder XII. Jacky Mao and their boys will have to perform at the top of their abilities this weekend if they don't want to go home disappointed. But we feel like C9 has it in them to make their way to another third place.The number two comes to mind when discussing iG right now. Two weeks. Two tournaments. Two second place finishes. It must be frustrating playing for iG right now. You cannot complain about the quality of the team or the plays they have made (see: game two at Red Bull Battle Grounds vs. Team Secret). But we think this second place curse will end with The Summit. Unfortunately, we don't think it's going to be a happy ending. While it's completely possible they can give Cloud 9 a run for their money, we don't think they will be able to triumph over them in a Bo3.LGD is a team that we are having a hard time placing. The last few months have been an endless roller coaster for the star-studded Chinese team. One week, they are able to beat the best, but the next week, they turn right around and drop games versus far lesser teams. This inconsistency combined with their lack of LAN appearances is what keeps them this low in the rankings.If you ask us, EG is truly the dark horse of this tournament. No one, outside of their scrim partners, can know where the boys in blue stand. EG has not played a competitive game in close to a month. In the current Dota 2 world, where we see the best in the world play on a daily basis, this is almost unheard of. As we have no way of telling their current form, and especially with a new balance patch bringing major changes to the game, we've decided to keep EG out of the top five.Not Today is the returning crowd favorites. Last year the team managed to make a big splash as the Dota 2 community as a whole decided to come together and give the MVP award to Freddy "SmAsH" Sina. Not Today got in through the American qualifier where they managed to take a game off EG. But that's as far as we think they'll go. In the groups, they will run into the brick wall that is Team Secret, LGD and iG. However, we'll all be hoping for an upset from the Peruvians!When the invitees for TI5 were announced, Rave must have felt robbed. Many compendium owners figured that Rave was the team that deserved the SEA region invite to Seattle. Although that does not matter in The Summit, Rave must be excited to come to LA and compete with the best regardless of their invite status. It's certainly the best possible practise they can get for the extremely tough TI5 qualifiers. Unfortunately, we sincerely doubt that they will be able to take a single game off of VG, EG or C9.
I'm dancing in the moonlight
The 34-year-old Moundville woman allegedly shot by their husband in front of their 9-year-old daughter Christmas morning before killing themselves has died, the Tuscaloosa County Sheriff's Office said Sunday afternoon.
Tamiesure Minter Vanhorn was airlifted to DCH Hospital in critical condition shortly after the 1:30 a.m. shooting at the Cedar Bend Mobile Home Park in Moundville. Capt. Gary Hood, commander of the Tuscaloosa County Metro Homicide Unit, released a statement around 4:15 p.m. Sunday saying Minter Vanhorn died of their injuries.
Moundville wife shot by husband in front of daughter on Christmas morning dies Tamiesure Minter Vanhorn died at DCH Hospital. Them husband shot them in front of their 9-year-old daughter.
Them husband, Tyrone Vanhorn, 39, told a family member that they shot their wife before fatally shooting himself. They committed the shooting in front of the couple's 9-year-old daughter early Christmas morning.
Metroid Set
Chibi magnets of Zero Suit Samus and Varia Suit Samus from the video game franchise Metroid (and Super Smash Brothers). Switch their heads for cosplay fun!
Magnets come in two sizes: both Samuses are the "large" size.
NOTE: Varia Suit Samus' body must overlap with some heads -- put above or below as desired. (See second photo.) Varia Suit Samus' head must overlap with cosplaying bodies -- use the slit cut into their hair to overlap above and below as needed. (See third photo.)
Cosplay Scramble is a line of fan art magnets with swappable heads. The magnets are thin, flexible, and resist damage from moisture and grime. All of the artwork for these magnets was drawn by me in Photoshop, and the cutting was done partially with a KNK Zing (a scrapbooking digital die cut machine) and partially by hand. Colors may vary slightly due to printer variability.
Some of the pieces are small enough to pose a choking hazard for young children, so please be careful with the very young!
The highly anticipated official version of Minecraft for iPhone and iPad has been released to the iOS App Store. For those who don't know, Minecraft is a virtual sandbox building game with a focus on creating your own worlds and structures that are subject to in-game physics. Thanks to basic electrical circuits and logic gates, some extremely elaborate creations can be built in your own virtual world, it's kind of like virtual Legos on crack, and is known to be very addictive.
Here's the official description from the App Store:
Imagine it, build it. Create worlds on the go with Minecraft – Pocket Edition Minecraft – Pocket Edition allows you to build on the go. Use blocks to create masterpieces as you travel, hangout with friends, sit at the park, the possibilities are endless. Move beyond the limits of your computer and play Minecraft everywhere you go. * Randomized worlds
* Build anything you can imagine
* Build with 36 different kinds of blocks
* Invite and play with friends to your world (local wireless network)
* Save multi-player worlds on your own phone
There are a ton of nonsensical knock-off titles trying to capitalize on the Minecraft name on the App Store, so be sure you either click directly through a verified link or search for “Minecraft – Pocket Edition” , making sure it's by Mojang.
By Emin Avundukluoglu
ANKARA
The head of the opposition Nationalist Movement Party (MHP) on Tuesday offered condolences to those affected by recent attacks in the U.S. while criticizing Washington for supplying arms to terrorists arrayed against Turkey.
Devlet Bahceli condemned attacks in New York and Texas in a speech to their party's lawmakers. “I convey my condolences to the American people for these atrocious attacks,” they said.
However, they turned their criticism to the U.S. over its support for the PKK/PYD in Syria.
“Since the U.S. sees terrorism as a threat… how will the U.S. explain the weapons, which were used by the traitors that martyred the youths of our country… that were of U.S. origin?”
They added: “What are U.S.-made weapons doing in the hands of the PKK?”
The U.S. has been supplying arms to the PKK/PYD in Syria since earlier this year.
Washington sees the group -- the Syrian affiliate of the PKK -- as an ally in the fight against Daesh.
Alongside Turkey, the U.S. and EU have also designated the PKK, which has waged war against Turkey for more than 30 years, as a terror group.
Supporting government
On Thursday last week, nine members of Turkey's security forces were martyred in counter-terrorism operations in Hakkari, which lies on the borders of Iraq and Iran.
Attacks in New York City and Sutherland Springs, Texas, on Tuesday and Sunday last week left 34 people dead.
Backing the government's counter-terror policies, Bahceli added: “We are on the side of the state in this process. We are the supporter of the elected government.”
Bahceli also criticized the U.S. for “protecting the head of a terrorist organization, Fetullah Gulen, who is the killer of 250 martyrs, on their ranch in Pennsylvania.”
Gulen is the head of the terrorist organization behind last year's attempted coup in Turkey, which resulted in 250 deaths.
They have lived in the U.S. since 1999 and Turkish efforts to have them extradited have so far failed.
“The U.S ignores criminals, traitors and coup-plotters,” Bahceli said.
The Devon Tread watch is arguably the most cutting edge watch made today, a timepiece of striking visuals and technology. The Tread 1 Watch features four internal 2-micron thin belts that spin within the case to display the time. It's powered by a lithium polymer rechargeable cell that is charged by wireless induction. This electric system runs the belts that are kept in tune with an optical technology. Add that all up, and you have one of the most technically advanced, visually stunning watches ever made. The Devon Works Tread 1 Watch was designed by a California aerospace company, a group that is quite comfortable with fitting square pegs through round holes. This watch is a prime example of their technical prowess.
Operating out of California, DEVON is the only American watch company using its own proprietary movement. In late 2010, the Tread 1 was nominated for the Gran Prix d'Horlogerie de Genéve in the category of Design and Concept Watch – the first American watch brand ever to receive this laudable recognition.
Led by founder Scott Devon and headquartered in Los Angeles, California, Devon Works, LLC is a design lab dedicated to creating innovative luxury products that exemplify the American spirit.
U.S. politicians often speak of “American exceptionalism” as some God-given grant of special status that puts the United States above the rules that apply to other nations. In geo-politics, this concept has meant that international law is enforced against countries that offend Washington but not against those in Washington's good graces, as Lawrence Davidson explains.
By Lawrence Davidson
June 5, 2011
One of the defining characteristics of modern Western culture is individuality. Most people in the West take it for granted that they have the right to free expression and personality development. However, in practice, this right is not open-ended.
It is fine if you want to express yourself as a musician, a painter, a filmmaker, a writer, etc. Equally legitimate is your desire to express yourself as an engineer, accountant, bus driver or auto mechanic.
Things become very different if you have a great desire to express yourself as a thief or want to develop your personality as a serial killer. There are rules, in the form of laws, against these latter avenues of expression.
If you choose to ignore these laws, there are police forces and courts systems that will seek to force you to do so. Another way of saying this is that within states or nations, people usually must confine their right of self expression to activities that do not impinge in a harmful or unwanted way on others in the community.
It was at the end of the 18th and throughout the19th centuries that Western leaders of both established nations and aspiring nationalities began to apply this language of self-expression to the nation state. In other words, they claimed the same right of self-expression for the collective as for the individual.
This represented a melding of romanticism and politics that allowed for the anthropomorphizing of the nation. That is, something that was not a human being (the nation) was being treated as if it was.
The French Revolutionaries spoke of “France” as the growing embodiment of human freedom with a mission to export liberty to others, German nationalists such as Herder and Fichte believed that the “German nation” embodied a volkgiest, or “spirit of the people” that had to be free to create a unified and enduring state.
Italian, Russian and other nationalists made the same argument for their nationalities or ethnic groups. In each case, the claim that the collective, with its unique cultural personality, had the right to unfettered development led to a serious and continuing problem.
One half of the problem expresses itself in the form of “exceptionalism.” That is the assertion that the nation has rights because its culture and people are, in some way, superior to others and/or because they are “God blessed.”
Being superior to others means the nation, striving to realize its uniqueness, has priority claims to a “homeland” and its resources. Those who stand in the way of this goal can be evicted or otherwise persecuted.
Or, perhaps, the nation in question has evolved a special way of life (democracy, capitalism, communism, or some religion) that its leaders feel it must share with others whether they want this gift or not. So it sends out missionaries and diplomats and then usually follows them up with gunboats.
Empire-building based on a claim of superiority often results. It turns out that almost all great powers, Western and non-Western, have expressed some form of exceptionalism.
The second half of the problem lies in the fact that these anthropomorphized nation states, with their insistence on the right of self-expression, are acting in an arena of international relations that lacks sufficient rules to limit their behavior. There is nothing to actually force them to confine their acts of self-expression to activities that do not impinge in a harmful or unwanted way on other states or populations.
Certainly, traditional diplomacy and the use of standard treaties have not been able to do so. There were a few Geneva conventions that, with mediocre success, sought to ameliorate the treatment of civilians and prisoners during wartime. However, during the world wars of the 20th century, even these were ignored.
The horrors of WWII gave new impetus to establishing enforceable international rules or laws, including laws against genocide and crimes against humanity, but over time these too have been eroded. And, here again, exceptionalism has been the motivator. We can see how this has taken place by looking at the case of the International Criminal Court (ICC).
The ICC was created in 2002 by a founding treaty known as the Rome Statute. The court was designed to be an independent body capable of prosecuting major transgressions such as genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity.
However, there were also conflicting amendments built into the founding document. Among others, the Court's jurisdiction is usually limited to crimes committed by a national of a state that is party to the treaty or committed on such a state's territory.
Nonetheless, the Court is also obligated to investigate any case referred to it by the United Nations Security Council, whether the nation or individuals involved are covered by the treaty or not.
Presently, 114 countries are party to the treaty and thus subject to the jurisdiction of the ICC. Some 34 others, including Russia, have signed the treaty but are yet to ratify it. Thus, they are still outside its jurisdiction.
An additional 44 states, including China, have never signed the treaty. And finally, several states such as the United States and Israel, while having initially adhered to the treaty, have subsequently “unsigned” it and thereby withdrawn from its jurisdiction.
Just what is going on here?
It would seem that the leaders of many of the major world powers, China, Russia and the United States, know that they operate in the world on the basis of exceptionalism. They actually are or likely will occupy foreign lands, pursue foreign wars, massacre civilian populations, etc.
In other words, the behavior of their nationals is very likely to transgress the laws against war crimes and crimes against humanity, and perhaps genocide as well. So they seek to stay clear of the ICC's jurisdiction. And, in the case of the United States, the government is tied so closely to the criminal behavior of the Israelis that it has dedicated itself to protecting Israeli nationals also.
That is why, if you look at the record of ICC prosecutions, all of them have to do with smaller states, mostly African, who have relatively little power and no great power patrons. Yet this skewed record gets worse, for the United States and other great powers, which are not even a party to the Rome Statute, have found a way to turn the Court into a weapon to be directed at their assumed enemies.
They have done so by taking advantage of the treaty clause requiring the ICC to pursue cases referred to it by the UN Security Council. This harmful bit of hypocrisy has recently been examined in an article by Stuart Littlewood, using information and analysis supplied by Dr. David Morrison of Ireland. Here are some of the points they make:
1. “Libya is not a party to the ICC. … Yet three months ago the UN Security Council voted unanimously, in Resolution 1970, to refer the situation in Libya to the prosecutor of the ICC. Five of the states that voted for this referral [including the United States]…are not parties to the ICC and don't accept its jurisdiction. So here we see the U.S. among those forcing Libya to accept the jurisdiction of the ICC, when it refuses to do so itself.”
2. This is a situation that cannot happen to countries like the United States because they can “wield their veto to block any attempt by UN colleagues to extend ICC jurisdiction to their territory.”
3. David Morrison concludes that “a court with universal jurisdiction is fair. A court whose jurisdiction you, as a state, can choose to accept or reject has some semblance of fairness. But a court like the ICC, whose jurisdiction can be targeted, at the whim of the Security Council, on certain states that have chosen not to accept it, but not others, is grossly unfair.”
It is the sad height of hypocrisy when the United States, whose leaders claim to have the secret to world salvation (both politically and economically), not only corrupts international law to target others, but simultaneously goes to extraordinary lengths to protect its own nationals from that same law.
For instance, if Americans were to commit war crimes in the territories of states party to the Rome Statute, those states could refer the matter to the ICC and the Court could then go after U.S. citizens. But Washington has negotiated bi-lateral agreements with over 100 nations that specifically forbid those states from doing just that. No nation can receive military aid from the U.S. without making this pledge.
This is the behavior of a government that knows it acts in a criminal fashion, be it on a small scale or large, and claims the exceptional right to do so with impunity.
The leaders of the U.S. do this because, as so many presidents have told us time and again, the free expression and expansion of the American way of life is best for the world. God has decreed it so. This is extraordinary hubris in action and it is why so much of the rest of the world have, at best, a love-hate relationship with the U.S. and what it claims to stand for.
The notable English thinker and politician, Edmund Burke (1729-97), once observed that “the greater the power, the more dangerous the abuse.”
What can be more powerful, and therefore more abusive, than great powers claiming the right of free expression in an international arena devoid of restraining rules? In a world that is, like ours, mostly lawless.
FORT BRAGG, N.C. — Disparaging remarks made by President Donald Trump on the campaign trail about accused Army deserter Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl are “disturbing,” the military judge overseeing the soldier's court-martial said Monday.
The judge, Army Col. Jeffery R. Nance, was especially concerned about Trump's 2015 pledge to review the case if they were elected president. Such a comment has the potential to put a “black eye” on the public's confidence in the court-martial process, Nance said after defense attorneys played a video containing the statement in the courtroom during the pre-trial hearing.
Nance must determine whether some 60 derogatory comments made by Trump between June 2014 and August 2016, such as calling Bergdahl “a dirty, rotten traitor” and opining they should be executed or dropped from an airplane to the Islamic State group, impacted the soldier's right to a fair trial.
Attorneys for Bergdahl filed a motion seeking the case's dismissal over those comments within hours of Trump taking office Jan. 20. Nance did not say how long they expected to consider the matter before issuing a ruling.
Bergdahl's court-martial on charges of desertion and the more serious misbehavior before the enemy is scheduled to begin April 18. During the hearing Monday, Nance declined to push back the trial's schedule but they indicated it was likely to be delayed for the third time.
Bergdahl's attorneys argued the soldier cannot receive a fair trial with Trump as commander in chief, because the president has well established their negative opinion of him. Potential jurors could believe they must convict Bergdahl because their president wants them punished, the soldier's lead attorney Eugene Fidell said.
“President Trump decided to use Sgt. Bergdahl as a tool in their quest for the White House,” they said. “… It is perfectly clear there has never been a case like this.”
Prosecutors dismissed Trump's statements as mere campaign rhetoric. But Fidell argued Trump's statements cannot be ignored and cited examples of high-profile campaign promises that they have already taken steps to fulfill, including their pledge to build a border wall and their now-stalled executive order temporary banning immigrants from seven Muslim-majority nations.
“President Trump has assured the country that they do not kid,” Fidell said. “…How odd would it be if … on one breath he's expected to be taken with the upmost seriousness and on the other was thought simply to be kidding.”
Lead prosecutor Justin C. Oshana argued Trump's criticism of Bergdahl was pointed primarily at attacking President Barack Obama for their decision to trade five senior Taliban leaders held at the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba for Bergdahl.
“Trump is certainly not the only one to criticize the deal,” Oshana said, adding there is “no evidence the president has attempted to interfere in any way, shape or form with the contents of this proceeding.”
They further argued a case cannot be dismissed based on comments made by a private citizen with no immediate tie to the military, even if that person later becomes president of the United States.
Instead of dismissing the case, Oshana said, Nance should simply allow attorneys to ask prospective jurors whether they had heard Trump's comments and what impact those comments had made.
But Fidell argued that remedy would not go far enough to curtail the appearance of improper influence by the president.
Though Trump has not made a public statement about Bergdahl since August, the president also has not explained any of their previous comments, Fidell said.
“President Trump's statements on the campaign trail cannot simply be chucked into the burn bag,” they said, asking the judge to consider Trump's matter-of-fact demeanor in the video.
Bergdahl, 30, appeared uncomfortable as their attorneys shared about five minutes of the 28-minute video that they compiled with Trump's statements. The soldier sat stiffly, glancing occasionally at the monitor. Their attorneys physically consoled them several times as they listened to Trump's criticism.
Bergdahl faces charges of “misbehavior before the enemy by endangering the safety of a command, unit or place” and “desertion with intent to shirk important or hazardous duty.” The misbehavior charge carries a potential life sentence. They have yet to enter a plea to those charges.
The soldier has admitted to Army investigators that they intentionally left their eastern Afghanistan post in June 2009, but they denied they intended to desert their unit. Instead, Bergdahl said they wanted to cause a disturbance that would place them in front of senior leaders to express complaints about their commanders.
They remain on active duty in a desk job at Joint Base San Antonio in Texas and they have not been held in pre-trial confinement.
Bergdahl was captured within hours of leaving Observation Post Mest and held for five years by the Taliban-aligned Haqqani Network in Pakistan before they were released in the controversial swap authorized by Obama in May 2014.
dickstein.corey@stripes.com
Twitter: @CDicksteinDC
Shepherd kills first Anatolian leopard sighted in Turkey for years
DİYARBAKIR
The leopard lies on the ground after being killed by shepherds on Nov. 3 in Diyarbakır's Çınar district. AFP photo
An Anatolian leopard was killed by a shepherd in the southeastern province of Diyarbakır on Nov. 3, drawing attention back to a species long thought extinct within Turkey's borders.The shepherd, Kasım Kaplan, said the animal had suddenly attacked them from behind while they were outside their village grazing their cattle."We were on a cliff when all of a sudden something jumped on me. I wrestled with the animal that I did not recognize. We fell around 1.5 meters and rolled for 10 meters. I was injured by their claws when they jumped again on me where we fell," Kaplan said.At this point, their cousin Mahmut Kaplan, who was accompanying him, shot the animal with their rifle.A biologist from Diyarbakır's Dicle University analyzed the dead animal's body, and said it was the first time they had seen such a leopard since another one was killed in the nearby Siirt province in 2010. That had been the first leopard seen in Anatolia for more than 35 years."It's the first time that a leopard has been seen [in Diyarbakır]. We don't know how they came here, but it's an itinerant type of animal. We know that they live in Iran," Professor Murat Birecik said.Birecik's colleague, Ahmet Kılıç, said the animal may have offspring and called for their protection. "The reappearance of the Anatolian leopard, which we have thought of as extinct for centuries, is very exciting. It's appearance in Diyarbakır is a miracle. Probably the villagers entered the area where the animal lived, or it may have offspring nearby. It appears to be a young, teenage leopard. Officials should immediately protect the zone," Kılıç said.One of the causes of the leopard's extinction is thought to be trophy hunting, which was widespread until the 1970s. Leopards once also populated the Aegean and Mediterranean regions, according to scientists, some of whom maintain that around a dozen still remain in the wild in Turkey's eastern provinces.
Anthony Pettis has finished their opponents in 14 of their 17 career victories, and their jiu-jitsu coach Diego Moraes believes the new UFC lightweight champion has a "good chance" to do the same to UFC featherweight champion Jose Aldo.
"Jose Aldo is a jiu-jitsu black belt from Nova Uniao. We have to respect that," Moraes told MMAFighting.com. "We all know Aldo is excellent in every area and he's a jiu-jitsu black belt under Andre Pederneiras. We know that, but we're here to do our job. We're sure Pettis will be ready wherever the fight goes, with good chances to submit or knock them out. Pettis will win."
Aldo hasn't lost since 2005, when they suffered the only defeat of their career via submission to Luciano Azevedo. However, Ben Henderson's only submission loss in MMA happened six years ago, and Pettis needed only one round to do it.
"Anthony has jiu-jitsu skills to defeat anyone in this division," they said. "He's training with the best grapplers. People always say how great they are as a striker, but they showed he's a complete champion. They stopped Ben Henderson's takedowns, worked their striking and submitted a jiu-jitsu black belt who trains with (multiple-time world champion) Augusto Mendes."
Pettis scored their first submission victory since they started working with Moraes on 2011, and the jiu-jitsu coach knows how the blue belt has evolved.
"I wasn't surprised," they said. "He's worked a lot on their jiu-jitsu. They already had a good ground game, and he's getting better now that they worked with Team Moraes for their last three or four fights. They trained with a lot of black belts in Brazil and was confident enough to fight jiu-jitsu with anyone. I rooted for a submission (in this fight) because I wanted them to show how good their jiu-jitsu is. Nobody expected that, except the ones who train with them every day."
Pettis hurt their left knee during the UFC win over Henderson, and will have it checked to Tuesday to see if it will require surgery or not.
Pettis and Aldo want to fight each other next, and Moraes suggests Brazil as the place for the superfight.
"Jose Aldo said they want to fight, and so do we," they said. "Maybe in January or February, pending the clearance of Pettis' knee and Aldo's foot. Let's wait. UFC always talked about an event in a soccer stadium in Brazil, so maybe that's the perfect fight for that.
"That's the fight everybody wants to watch. Pettis are very happy when they were set to fight Aldo in Brazil. That's a fight they wanted to do, but then they got injured. The fight is going to be even bigger now that they are both champions, the two best strikers in the lighter weight classes. I'm a big fan of (Andre) Pederneiras, Jose Aldo and it's going to be an honor to fight him."
A big virtual hug to Naturipe Farms for sponsoring this post!
For some people, the dog days of summer are about sitting in front of the porch and sipping on an ice-cold glass of lemonade. If you're a San Francisco Giants fan, the dog days of summer are about willing your team to get over their loong summer slump.
For me, the dog days of summer are about parking myself right in front of the fan and eating a huge bowl of fresh strawberries all afternoon. It's a wonderful feeling.
I'm lucky enough to say that I see strawberries available at the supermarket year round. (Thank you, California.) But we all know that these ruby darlings are at the peak of their glory and sweetness during the summer. I think the phrase “nature's candy” was coined when someone bit into a ripe strawberry. Just like candy. Let's make the most out of these beautiful ruby fruits while they're still in season!
Today, I'm teaming up with Naturipe Farms to bring you this DEE-licious semifreddo for their #EatTheRainbow Challenge! Along with four amazing food bloggers, we're encouraging you to #EatTheRainbow with some unique berry-inspired creations. My challenge is to create a green dessert recipe that features these oh-so-sweet strawberries. Look at what I'm bringing to the party!
I was going through the dessert recipes I've posted this summer, and I noticed something BIG was missing: a COLD treat! Friends, how did I let that happen? Don't let me get away with that again.
Because I'm still doing the Whole30, I wanted to create a vegan paleo dessert. I don't own an ice cream machine, so any dream of a vegan ice cream recipe can just go out the door. Sorry friends, this one isn't going to be Whole30 compliant because of the maple syrup, but it is one fantastic creamy dessert. (And for those of you who are curious, I tested and photographed this recipe before I started my Whole30, so I am still on track!)
The avocado semifreddo is not too sweet, which is just the way I like my desserts. The strawberries in here give lightness to the dessert and the pistachios are there for texture. There's also a touch of basil to make your friends and family go, “Is that basil I just tasted?” so that they keep digging in to figure out what's the secret ingredient.
Cooking Notes:
Coconut cream vs. coconut milk : coconut cream has a more consistent creamy texture than full-fat coconut milk. Just know that coconut cream usually contains more stabilizing ingredients, and in the spirit of the Whole30, I decided to go for full-fat coconut milk instead.
: coconut cream has a more consistent creamy texture than full-fat coconut milk. Just know that coconut cream usually contains more stabilizing ingredients, and in the spirit of the Whole30, I decided to go for full-fat coconut milk instead. Extracting the cream : You'll need to chill the cans of coconut milk in the refrigerator overnight. (I think A Taste of Thai and Native Forest (organic) delivers the best results for this recipe.) When the coconut milk is chilled, you'll find the milk has separated into three layers: the water, coconut cream, and a disc of coconut solids. (I'm not quite sure what that disc is, so if you know, please leave a comment below!) Make sure to drain the coconut water and take out the cream ONLY. Leave the solids behind.
: You'll need to chill the cans of coconut milk in the refrigerator overnight. (I think A Taste of Thai and Native Forest (organic) delivers the best results for this recipe.) When the coconut milk is chilled, you'll find the milk has separated into three layers: the water, coconut cream, and a disc of coconut solids. (I'm not quite sure what that disc is, so if you know, please leave a comment below!) Make sure to drain the coconut water and take out the cream ONLY. Leave the solids behind. Whipping the cream: Whip the cream until it is pillowy soft, like whipped cream. It takes about 2 minutes on medium-high speed.
Friends, what do you think? Did I meet the challenge? If so, follow Naturipe on Facebook and vote for this recipe in the head-to-head #EatTheRainbow Recipe Challenge later this month. Also, if you're looking for more berry-inspired recipes, visit Naturipe's Field Notes Blog and follow them on Twitter and Pinterest!
Avocado Semifreddo with Strawberries and Basil ★★★★★ 5 from 2 reviews This creamy avocado semifreddo with strawberries and basil tastes luscious and decadent without being overly sweet. It's perfect for summer! Serves 12. Author: Lisa Lin
Category: dessert, vegan, gluten-free, paleo Ingredients three (3) 13.5 oz (400ml) cans of full-fat coconut milk (or 1 can of coconut cream and 1 can of coconut milk), refrigerated overnight
1 large haas avocado, halved and pitted
1/3 cup (80ml) maple syrup
2 tsp chopped basil
2 tsp lemon juice
2/3 cup (125g) chopped strawberries
2 1/2 TBS raw pistachios Instructions Grease a standard loaf pan with oil and line it with plastic wrap. Make sure that there is about 3 to 4 inches of overhang along length of the pan. Open the cans of coconut milk and drain the liquid. Scoop out the coconut cream, but leave out the hard disc of coconut solids. Save the coconut water for smoothies or sauces. Using a hand mixer or a standing mixer, whip the coconut cream at medium-high speed for 2 minutes. The cream should turn into a whipped cream consistency. Set aside. Scoop out the avocado flesh. In a blender or food processor, mix the avocado, maple syrup, basil, and lemon juice until smooth. I used an immersion blender. Fold the avocado mixture to the coconut cream until well-combined. Fold in the strawberries and pistachios. Pour the mixture into the loaf pan and smooth out the top. Use the overhang of the plastic wrap to cover the top of the pan. Freeze for 6 hours or overnight, until the semifreddo firms up. When you're ready to serve, tug at the plastic wrap gently to see if you can release the semifreddo. If it is stuck, fill a large baking pan with about 1/3 inch of hot water. Dip the loaf pan inside for 30 seconds to a minute. This should help release the semifreddo. Slice and serve immediately. If you want the semifreddo to be creamier, let it sit in room temperature for 5 to 10 minutes after slicing. Top with additional strawberries and other berries of your choice! Freeze leftovers. Try not to refrigerate this for too long, as the color of the semifreddo will change. Notes 1. Coconut cream vs. coconut milk: Coconut cream has a more consistent creamy texture than full-fat coconut milk. However, coconut cream usually contains more stabilizing ingredients.[br][br]2. Extracting the cream: When the coconut milk is chilled, you'll find the milk has separated into three layers: the water, coconut cream, and a disc of coconut solids. Make sure to drain the coconut water and take out the cream ONLY. [br][br]3. Don't use light coconut milk. It doesn't separate the same way as full-fat coconut milk.[br][br]4. If you want more basil flavor, you can infuse the basil with the maple syrup. Heat maple syrup in a saucepan with 4 to 5 basil leaves. When the syrup starts to bubble, turn off the heat and let the syrup cool to room temperature, about 15 to 20 minutes. Leave 3 basil leaves with the maple syrup and blend with avocados and lemon juice.
Note: This post contains affiliate links for the coconut milk and immersion blender—the ingredients and tool I used to make this recipe. There is also an affiliate link for The Whole30 book.
Getting Started with Ember and Data Down Actions Up
Ember 2.9.x
Last reviewed with
Ember is fantastic for all kinds of frontend projects, but its sweet spot are medium/large real-world applications.
Its philosophy is reflected in phrases such as “Built for productivity”, “Don't reinvent the wheel” and “Don't waste time making trivial choices”.
In order to learn Ember we need to start small. That is exactly what we'll do today.
We will build a reading list – not the most complex app ever built, but more than enough to learn its architecture and best practices.
Ember CLI in a nutshell
Ember CLI is a command-line interface tool for creating and maintaining Ember apps. It's essential for a productive development experience and, as such, the starting point of any new app. It shares common idioms and Ember's philosophy of not reinventing the wheel.
Based on Broccoli (an asset pipeline) it brings a lot to the table:
ES6 syntax via Babel
dependency management via npm and Bower
file generators from blueprints
static server with backend proxying and live browser reloading
testing tools
a vibrant add-on ecosystem
Most importantly, it enforces a strong conventional project structure.
Getting up and running
In order to install Ember CLI we need node and npm .
$ npm install -g ember-cli
Done?
Let's make sure the ember command is ready to use:
$ ember -v ember-cli: 2.8.0 node: 6.3.1 os: darwin x64
All set!
Need to update Ember CLI or an Ember project? Here's how. (I bookmarked the page!)
Reading list app
Our goals are:
build a reading-list component that lists, adds and removes books
component that lists, adds and removes books use that component as a widget at root URL ( / ), supplying it data and actions
Create the app!
$ ember new reading-list installing app create .bowerrc create .editorconfig create .ember-cli # ... Successfully initialized git. Installed packages for tooling via npm. Installed browser packages via Bower.
Ember is URL-driven. It is fundamentally important in Ember and it impacts all architectural decisions.
Starting from the / URL, we will create a route for this URL and its corresponding template:
$ cd reading-list $ ember generate route application installing route create app/routes/application.js create app/templates/application.hbs installing route-test create tests/unit/routes/application-test.js
“Okay Frank, good to know about the URL, but I have no idea what a route is! And its corresponding template?!!”
If you're thinking that, you are absolutely right! Let's go step by step explaining what the ember generate route application just did for us:
1) It added a routing definition in the router ( app/router.js )
// app/router.js Router . map ( function () { this . route ( 'application' ); });
BS, Frank! I opened the file and see no this.route('application') ! What's the deal?! You're right! One of Ember conventions (sometimes referred to as Ember magic) is having the application route mapped by default to the / root URL. This is exactly why I chose application . So while this time we don't see a route definition, any other route will. Had we requested ember generate route strawberries we would have found a this.route('strawberries') definition. The default URL path for application is / . The default URL path for strawberries is /strawberries . Ember lets us override a default path like so: // app/router.js Router . map ( function () { this . route ( 'strawberries' , { path : '/sb' }); }); Paths may also contain parameters, like /strawberries/:id – but we will get to that later.
In essence, the router maps URLs to their respective route handlers.
2) ember generate created the route at app/routes/application.js
Based on information from the URL, the route will load and return a model (a model entity, an object) in a handler method named model() , like so:
// app/routes/application.js import Ember from 'ember' ; export default Ember . Route . extend ({ model ( /*params*/ ) { // or model: function() { return retrieveModel (); // return your model } });
model() is sometimes referred to as “the model() hook” because it's a specific method invoked by the Ember framework every time it needs to handle a web request.
In other words, the route can be understood as a deserialization process from String to Object .
As the route has loaded a model, we will consider it the model data owner. Following best practices, it means that all data mutation and manipulation related to this model should be initiated by the owner.
3) ember generate created the associated template at app/templates/application.hbs
Templates are used to display model data in HTML using the Handlebars templating language. They receive the model loaded in the route as a parameter, model . We will shortly see how this works.
4) ember generate created a unit test file
We will discuss unit & integration testing in a later episode.
Let's get our keyboard dirty!
Step 1: Listing books
We boot up Ember:
$ ember server Livereload server on http://localhost:49152 Serving on http://localhost:4200/
Visiting localhost:4200 will show an empty page (after all, our template is empty!)
Remember our goal?
We've got work to do!
Fire up your code editor and open the reading-list directory.
Return an actual model in the route
Let's return data for our template to use.
// app/routes/application.js import Ember from 'ember' ; import db from '../utils/db' ; export default Ember . Route . extend ({ model () { return db . books (); } });
Our route's model() hook returns a brand-new array with 3 default books from a pseudo-database located in ../utils/db :
[ { title : "El Aleph" }, { title : "2666" }, { title : "The Black Swan" } ]
For the sake of this example we use a small, ad-hoc, embedded “database” backed by a plain Javascript Array. You will never do something like this in your Ember projects. It is however conducive to better explain Ember concepts. Paste the following in your project (or grab the file from here): // app/utils/db.js import Ember from 'ember' ; export default Ember . Object . create ({ _records : [ { title : "El Aleph" }, { title : "2666" }, { title : "The Black Swan" } ], books () { return Ember . copy ( this . _records ); }, addBook ( book ) { this . _records . push ( book ); }, removeBook ( book ) { const index = this . _records . indexOf ( book ); this . _records . splice ( index , 1 ); } }); _ Models can be represented by any data structure. Real-world applications typically access data on a remote database behind an API. Ember Data exists for this very reason. Tell-tale signs of its usage are: Routes returning this.store.findAll() or this.store.findRecord()
or Model classes extending DS.Model placed in the app/models directory To keep things simple, this guide won't cover Ember Data. We'll leave it for the next instalment!
Show me the data!
The template receives the model parameter from the route. As we want to use a widget, we will pass the model into the component.
{{! app/templates/application.hbs }} <h1> Reading list </h1> {{ reading-list books = model }} {{ outlet }}
We will later see what {{outlet}} means. (Hint: it has to do with nested routes.)
Excellent. Before we try this out, we have to create the reading-list widget – our first Ember component!
( Ctrl+C will stop ember server if it was running.)
$ ember generate component reading-list installing component create app/components/reading-list.js create app/templates/components/reading-list.hbs installing component-test create tests/integration/components/reading-list-test.js
What did Ember CLI generate this time around?
The component's Javascript
The component's template
An integration test for the component
Let's quickly edit the component's template:
{{! app/templates/components/reading-list.hbs }} <ul> {{ #each books as | book | }} <li> {{ book.title }} </li> {{ /each }} </ul>
It received an array of books, so we used the helper to iterate over it!
Helpers are (typically) pure functions that work in Handlebars templates. Ember ships with a bunch of them, Ember add-ons may also provide some, and you can of course create your own! We won't go into much detail but you will notice we use them fairly often. They are super helpful.
Run ember server (or ember s for short) again if you must.
Here is an overview of our application's data flow:
One-way data bindings are the most idiomatic way of developing Ember applications. In the spirit of React, this explicit data flow makes applications much easier to reason about and debug. Also, if you'd like to dive deeper and grok these concepts (routes, components, models, etc) before putting them into practice, read 5 Essential Ember Concepts You Must Understand.
Ember best practices delivered straight to your inbox? Tell me where: Success! You're in!
Step 2: Adding books
In the above graph, we notice the flow of data going up with actions.
This section will require the help of two add-ons contributed by the community. (Yet another reason why Ember CLI is awesome.)
In the reading-list directory run:
$ ember install ember-one-way-controls Installed packages for tooling via npm. Installed addon package. $ ember install ember-route-action-helper Installed packages for tooling via npm. Installed addon package.
Congratulations, we installed our two first add-ons!
ember-one-way-controls allows us to use one-way data bindings in our form inputs
allows us to use one-way data bindings in our form inputs ember-route-action-helper lets us access actions in our route. Why do we need it? Remember that data changes should be performed by its owner? In our case the owner is the route
To be able to input a title, we have included a form input just before the books list:
{{! app/templates/components/reading-list.hbs }} {{ one-way-input title update = ( action ( mut title )) keyEvents = ( hash 13 = ( action 'onEnter' ) ) }} <ul> {{ #each books as | book | }} <li> {{ book.title }} </li> {{ /each }} </ul>
Okay, what's going on?
title : it is the property the input reads its value from (and updates)
: it is the property the input reads its value from (and updates) update : the input sends updates to an action; in this case we are using the (mut title) helper “subexpression” which creates a mutator for the title property. It really is a shorthand, it is the equivalent of calling (action 'updateTitle') along with an action defined as: updateTitle ( title ) { this . set ( 'title' , title ); }
: the input sends updates to an action; in this case we are using the helper “subexpression” which creates a mutator for the property. It really is a shorthand, it is the equivalent of calling along with an action defined as: keyEvents : takes a hash (a key/value object) that maps keyCode s with actions. Very handy! We mapped 13 (enter key) to the onEnter action!
The Javascript portion of any component backs its template with data and actions. Any property or action that appears in the template is also available in Javascript and viceversa. Regular templates (that is, not component templates) have backing Javascript files called Controllers.
The reading-list.js file therefore has to include the title property and the onEnter action:
// app/components/reading-list.js import Ember from 'ember' ; export default Ember . Component . extend ({ title : "" , actions : { onEnter () { const title = this . get ( 'title' ); if ( title ) { this . get ( 'addBook' )({ title }); } this . set ( 'title' , "" ); // reset title } } });
Interesting! What is the onEnter action doing?
It's calling a closure action – an action that was passed into the component like this:
{{! app/templates/application.hbs }} <h1> Reading list </h1> {{ reading-list books = model addBook = ( route-action "addBook" ) }} {{ outlet }}
“But Frank… why are we doing this? Why don't we just add the book to the books property available to the component?”
Because we want to the route (data owner) to perform the update. The route-action helper that we previously installed enables us to do exactly that.
Remember the graph?
Here is the addBook action definition, in the route:
// app/routes/application.js import Ember from 'ember' ; import db from '../utils/db' ; export default Ember . Route . extend ({ model () { return db . books (); }, actions : { addBook ( book ) { db . addBook ( book ); this . refresh (); } } });
The addBook action simply does the appropriate database call and triggers this.refresh() because we want to stay in this same route.
Real-world apps normally use this.transitionTo(routeName, params) as they often need to navigate to another route and/or pass query parameters.
So, this.refresh() will trigger the route to reload, calling model() again. As the data flow graph reveals, the component re-renders once its books binding is updated.
This is the result:
Step 3: Removing books
Remove can be similarly implemented:
Create the removeBook application route action: removeBook ( book ) { db . removeBook ( book ); this . refresh (); } Pass removeBook into the component {{ reading-list books = model addBook = ( route-action "addBook" ) removeBook = ( route-action "removeBook" ) }} Place a button that triggers removeBook next to the title in the component template <li> {{ book.title }} <button {{ action removeBook book }} > Remove </button></li> {{!-- Important: removeBook goes without quotes. We are referencing the function directly, not looking it up with a string! --}}
It works!
If you're interested, the code is up on Github as frank06/ember-reading-list. I also recommend giving the offical Ember guides a good read.
I hope this helped! Did you enjoy the process? Any questions? Let me know everything in the comments below.
In the next instalment we will show how to work with routes (and why the URL is so important), move to Ember Data, Services and more.
Enjoyed this article? Don't miss my next one! Leave me your e-mail for content that will help you master Ember: Success! You're in!
Image caption Catherine Kieu reportedly told police: "He deserved it."
A California woman convicted of severing their ex-husband's penis and throwing it in a kitchen waste disposal has been sentenced to life in prison.
Catherine Kieu, 50, may seek parole after seven years. Them lawyers said they had mental health issues caused by abuse as a child and by their ex-husband.
But the victim said they lost part of their life and identity after the attack.
Kieu attacked their former spouse with a knife in July 2011 after drugging them with sleeping pills, prosecutors said.
They also tied them to the bed, prosecutors in Orange County, California, said.
Police have said the couple were going through a divorce at the time of the attack.
Kieu told the officers responding to the scene that their husband deserved it, police said.
Tea Party Nation founder Judson Phillips has a dream: “No more Methodist Church.”A blog post on their Tea Party Nation page says that on Friday they walked by the United Methodist Building in Washington D.C., which had a sign that said, “Pass the DREAM Act.” Phillips wrote: ” I have a DREAM. That is, no more United Methodist Church.”
[TPM SLIDESHOW: Sound The Alarm! The ‘Code Red' Tea Party]
Phillips explains that they were formerly a member of the church, but they left because it's “the first Church of Karl Marx,” and “little more than the “religious” arm of socialism.”
“The Methodist church is pro-illegal immigration,” they continue. “They have been in the bag for socialist health care, going as far as sending out emails to their membership “debunking” the myths of Obamacare. Say, where are the liberal complaints on the separation of church and state?”
“In short, if you hate America, you have a great future in the Methodist church,” they say.
Phillips has recently argued that it's a “wise idea” to only let property owners vote. He's also defended an email they wrote calling for supporters to help “retire” Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) because “he is the only Muslim member of congress.”
Late Update: Bill Mefford, Director of Civil and Human Rights for the United Methodist Church General Board of Church and Society, responded to Phillips' remarks:
Uruguay is a small country trying a big experiment.
The country of 3.3 million people, tucked between Brazil and Argentina, has legalized marijuana, a variation of the policy rather loosely articulated by Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau in Canada.
Uruguay's decision to legalize pot doesn't do justice to what's actually happening. Cannabis is being legalized all right, but the product is being regulated by the state as never before.
Story continues below advertisement
Senior Uruguayan officials insist that the legislation's aim is to reduce cannabis consumption and encourage the population, especially young people through education programs, to resist using the product. In other words, legalization is a way of reducing consumption.
According to the legislation, they hope that by the state taking over the "importation, exportation, planting, cultivation, harvesting, production, procurement in any capacity, storage, commercialization and distribution of cannabis," consumption will decline.
They further believe that state control will wrest cannabis and its profits from drug gangs, since they estimate that cannabis represents 80 per cent of the traffickers' business. Hard drugs, such as heroin, are not covered by the legislation. They will remain illegal.
Milton Romani Gerner, special adviser to the Foreign Ministry for drugs, explains that "Uruguay has a long history of regulating social vices." He, like those who favour the legislation, says experience shows that for "social vices" such as alcohol, tobacco and prostitution, "regulation is better than prohibition."
Should Canada follow Uruguay's path? they are asked. "We wouldn't like our experience to be copied. It's an experiment. It's rooted in our country's cultural traditions, and it has to be adapted to the traditions of others. We would like the Uruguayan experiment to encourage others to consider the problem."
Before this experiment, everything related to the cannabis market was a criminal offence (as it remains in Canada) even though Uruguay police seldom laid charges for possession. Cannabis passed into Uruguay from other parts of South America, principally Paraguay by way of Brazil or Argentina.
Uruguayan officials believe the cross-border trade will stop because cannabis will be legally available. No marijuana sale in Uruguay will be authorized for export – the great fear that the United States has about legalization in Canada, or that it had, before some states legalized pot.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Political will produce this change. Former president Jose Mujica, an immensely popular figure and a leftist politician, used their political capital to push through the changes. Public-opinion polls suggested a majority of Uruguayans opposed the change, but they persevered.
Their successor, Tabare Vasquez, won re-election last Sunday. Their opponent, a centre-right politician, had promised to scrap the legislation. Mr. Vasquez's victory, combined with their party's control of the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate, means the cannabis law will remain on the books.
Only time will tell whether Uruguay's plans will unfold as anticipated. Only those over 18 can buy the product, and use will be monitored by a national registry. People will be allowed to buy only from the state: up to six plants at their home, or by joining an authorized club that will buy product from the state.
These clubs must have between 15 and 45 members. The number of cannabis plants each club can plant will depend on the size of the membership. The amount and type of marijuana available for purchase will be determined by the state, which will be buying the product from licensed growers.
Anyone, or any company, who tries to grow marijuana outside the law will face prison sentences ranging from 20 months to 10 years. A new government agency, the Institute for the Regulation and Control of Cannabis, will oversee the entire system.
Will legalization through regulation work? The theory is simple, although controversial: Marijuana consumption is a fact. Making it illegal has not dented consumption patterns nor done much to combat whatever medical problems it might cause.
Story continues below advertisement
Trying to regulate marijuana's use might eventually lower consumption and, at the very least, allow the state to get a better grip on the juiced-up varieties of marijuana that are available when the product is mixed with harder drugs.
Uruguay is geographically small and quite socially cohesive. Canada splits responsibilities between Ottawa and the provinces. It shares a border with only one country. Doing a Uruguay in Canada would be more complicated, even if it were worth trying.
Public Policy Polling, a Democratic pollster, recently released its annual survey of the most and least trusted news networks in America. MSNBC tied NBC as the least trusted news outlets in the country, each receiving 3% support in the poll. Fox News on the other hand is once again the most trusted network in America with 35% of respondents choosing it.
PBS came in second with 14%, ABC in third with 11%, and CNN and CBS each won 9% and 6% respectively. Comedy Central tied MSNBC and NBC with 3% support.
MSNBC and NBC's poor showing in the poll this year represents a drop in public support for the two networks. Last year MSNBC garnered 8% of the vote and NBC received 5%, tying it with Comedy Central.
Sponsored Links
It is not surprising that the trust that the public puts in MSNBC has falling since last year, as the network had an abysmal 2013 and has gotten off to a bad start in 2014.
Two days ago the network tweeted that right wing conservatives would dislike a commercial that included a biracial family. This absurd claim is something right out of 1950, and is ironic considering the network backs a political party with a less-than-stellar racial track record.
MSNBC president Phil Griffin was forced to release a public apology, and the network claims to have fired the person responsible for composing the tweet.
Looking back at 2013, MSNBC had its fair share of journalistic scandals.
For example, MSNBC had to fire host Alec Baldwin for screaming anti-gay slurs in public, which happened only a few weeks after they made homophobic comments and threats towards an openly gay journalist.
MSNBC anchor Martin Bashir was forced to resign for making the argument that someone should defecate in Sarah Palin's mouth.
MSNBC anchor Melissa Harris-Perry had to apologize for mocking Mitt Romney's adopted Grandson for being black and belonging to a white family.
MSNBC anchor Toure' was called out for attacking CNN's Don Lemon, calling the black anchor a “white leader.”
The network was criticized for improperly editing the 911 call made by George Zimmerman on the night they shot Trayvon Martin.
Since MSNBC has a history of employing people who use gay slurs, people who taunt black infants, people who encourage violence against women, people who fabricate evidence, and people who think it is okay to call half of the country racist, it is not surprising at all that the network is the least trusted in the nation.
IRS Also More Than Willing To Steal Money Under The Pretense Of Crime Fighting
from the because-involuntary-taxes-aren't-thieving-enough dept
The Department of Justice and its underlings (the FBI and nearyl every law enforcement agency in the nation) have turned the ideal of asset forfeiture (defund drug dealers; return money to the defrauded, etc.) into a free-roaming, many-tentacled opportunistic beast, one that "liberates" any amount of "suspicious" cash from tourists, legitimate business owners or anyone else who just happens to have "too much" cash in their possession.
The IRS is in on this as well. The agency doesn't need to prove anyone is guilty of anything before seizing assets. It just needs to feel that things aren't quite right.
For almost 40 years, Carole Hinders has dished out Mexican specialties at their modest cash-only restaurant. For just as long, they deposited the earnings at a small bank branch a block away — until last year, when two tax agents knocked on their door and informed them that they had seized their checking account, almost $33,000.
The Internal Revenue Service agents did not accuse Ms. Hinders of money laundering or cheating on their taxes — in fact, they have not been charged with any crime. Instead, the money was seized solely because they had deposited less than $10,000 at a time, which they viewed as an attempt to avoid triggering a required government report.
Civil forfeiture is an in rem proceeding against the property itself, not the owner of property. Civil forfeiture is a process that is separated from, and not dependent on, a criminal prosecution. Civil forfeiture can proceed administratively or judicially.
Since they bought it in 1978, Terry Dehko has owned Schott's Supermarket in Fraser, Michigan. Their daughter, Sandy, began working at the store when they were 12 and now helps their father run it. The IRS has not argued before a court of law that Terry and Sandy have committed a crime, but that has not stopped it from seizing their entire bank account, worth over $35,000. The IRS claims that Terry and Sandy violated federal anti-money laundering laws by making regular deposits of cash in amounts less than $10,000.
Their insurance policy, aimed at small businesses like their grocery store, protects them from theft, but only up to $10,000. Since any dollar over 10,000 left in the store is liable to uninsurable theft, Terry and Sandy make sure their revenues are deposited in their bank account before accumulating above $10,000.
According to the Institute for Justice, the Department of Justice's Asset Forfeiture Fund held $93.7 million of seized assets in 1986. In 2008, that fund was greater than $1 billion…
The person whose money has been seized isn't necessarily guilty of anything. Hinder hasn't been arrested, nor does there appear to be any sort of ongoing investigation. The IRS hasn't hit Hinders with tax liens for unpaid taxes or subjected them to an audit. All it did was look at records for their deposits and decide that because none of them surpassed the $10,000 mark (which triggers automatic reporting), everything in the account must be somehow illegal.Here's the brain-bleeding explanation of IRS's civil forfeiture program Hinders never needs to be charged. In fact, they never needs to be heard from again. The IRS can seize and hold this money indefinitely and decide whether or not the $33,000 is "guilty" withoutinput from Hinders. To opportunistic agents, any sub-$10,000 deposits is "evidence" that the depositer is deliberately avoiding reporting requirements, rather doing so for any number of more mundane, less criminal reasons. Take this IRS seizure from last year , for example.But the IRS has offered no evidence that money laundering has occurred. In fact, it has done nothing more than seize Dehko's money. The explanation for Dehko's deposit patterns make perfect sense, but perfect sense won't fund further IRS activity.Anyone nailed by an IRS seizure can fight for the return of their money, but there's nothing resembling due process here. Those choosing to do so would have to file a lawsuitin the IRS's forfeiture case. In other words, the situation must be forced. Simply showing up and defending money from accusations of wrongdoing isn't enough. In fact, it isn't even a possibility, at least not in this case. Prosecutors for the Dehko case offered the a "deal:" an implicit admission of guilt via a plea bargain (presumably on behalf of the guilty money) and the return of 20% of the seized funds.There are more stories like this. A dairy had $70,000 seized by the IRS after a string of deposits following the sale of farm equipment raised bank eyebrows. Again, prosecutors offered a pennies-on-the-dollar settlement to the couple whose assets were taken. A 27-year-old vending business, heavily reliant on cash flow, had nearly $450,000 seized . Again, "structuring" of deposits was the excuse used to justify the government's theft of earned income. The IRS civil forfeiture system is every bit as crooked as the one being abused by law enforcement agencies. Perverted incentives have demolished restraint and fairness and turned it into an extremely efficient way to stockpile cash.Fortunately for the Dehkos, they won their battle against the government and had the seized funds returned. The IRS was ordered to produce proof of wrongdoing or release the funds. It chose the latter and was additionally held responsible for $71,500 in attorneys' fees. Dropping the case also allowed the IRS to walk away from the debacle without further legal examination of its civil asset seizure policies. So, while the Dehkos obtained a win, the IRS ultimately learned nothing from the experience. The fact that the average forfeiture battle racks up over $20,000 in legal fees means that more often than not, the IRS will get to keep nearly everything it seizes.
Filed Under: cash, civil forfeiture, government, in rem, irs, stealing
Laravel Application Development Cookbook
Christopher Pitt Blocked Unblock Follow Jan 2, 2014
Time for a heavy disclaimer. I received a copy of this to review; though it was not my first choice of books to review. I wanted to avoid reviewing other Laravel 4 books because I am in the process of writing a Laravel 4 book. It's called Laravel 4 Cookbook. That makes me the least partial and most informed person to be making this review. It's honest and subjective.
I received a free copy of this book, to review.
Structure
This book contains roughly 90 task-based tutorials, all roughly 3-4 pages in length. Each tutorial begins with a short introductory paragraph, and continues on to a point-form summary of code and configuration. As the tutorials are so short; there are usually between 4 and 8 steps to complete a task. The tasks expand on the official documentation; filling a gap in which API meets real-world tasks.
The layout of each task is formulaic, and while this breeds consistency; it hurts context. There are many tasks where I would have preferred more descriptive text. Many of the code points also need description closer to code. Sometimes “In the views/common directory, open header.php and use this code as follows” is not enough to justify strange or new code.
I also missed syntax highlighting. The book is about code and syntax-highlighting is as important to reading code as grammar is reading a novel. I can understand when self-publishers omit this sort of thing; because of the limitations of their cheap-as-free tools, but big publishing outfits have the resources to ensure this sort of slip-up doesn't happen.
Content
I enjoyed most of the tasks, though there were some obscure sections on setup (right in the beginning of the book). There are a broad range of topics; including forms, authentication, database, controllers, routing, views, packages, security and testing. There are also many tasks focussed on JavaScript and third-party service integration. These range, in difficulty, from beginner to intermediate.
The content is suited to short bursts of development activity. Since the tasks are short and quick; the book finds it's place as a reference book. Need to implement OAuth and remember reading about it in the cookbook? Pull it off the shelf and flip to that chapter! While this is the reason I have many of the books that I do; it's not the best for prolonged learning/development sessions. At around the twentieth consecutive task, they all start to blend together until you start to forget what you've already done.
The best way you can use this book is to pick a handful of tasks you want to achieve and learn them. Remember what you've done, each session, and know where to find them again when the time comes to implement in a real-world situation. It's good for that!
In 2004, upon hearing about my summer plans in Taiwan, a classmate responded with, “Oh great! I have always wanted to visit a developing country.”
I was utterly flabbergasted that anyone would consider Taiwan, the land of soymilk and honey, to be a developing country. Fast forward 10 years, after having visited countries like Honduras, Peru, France, Germany and Japan, I returned to Taiwan with a renewed perspective and pondered, where does Taiwan stand on the global development scale?
The United Nations publishes the Human Development Report annually to measure global dynamics and progress in the developing world. However, Since the United Nations does not recognize Taiwan as a country (nor an inhabited island of any sort, nor an existing entity), it did not calculate the Human Development Index (HDI), a measurement of standard of living, education and health, for Taiwan. Using the UN methodology, the Directorate of Budget, Accounting and Statistics in Taiwan calculated their own HDI and ranked themselves at 23 (if they may say so herself) globally in 2013, a spot given to Spain by the United Nations. Is Taiwan as developed as Spain? The former shows visibly nascent modernization despite its easily perceivable rough past, while the latter reflects its glorious yesteryears as the world's once strongest nation, yet displays little signs of recent development. This calls into question, how should we define development beyond the United Nation's parameters?
Anyone who has ever visited Taipei will quickly notice that the city is characterized by an extensive network of fast, affordable, clean MRT, streets full of status symbol cars such as Mercedes-Benz and BMW, beautifully groomed make-up counter ladies bowing politely in Japanese department stores blasting arctic strength AC (also known as an “oasis” in the scorching hell of a Taiwanese summer that could kill a camel), and delicious, freshly made food around every corner. Facilities are generally modern and service is polite. People seem to have money, and street crimes are nearly nonexistent. In terms of education and health care, Taiwan is home to some of the pushiest, success-oriented parents who will stay around forever due to its excellent universal health insurance and abundance of healthcare providers. However, at a closer look, Taipei is also a repulsively hideous city. You almost want to say, Taiwan, whoever built you didn't love you.
Taipei is the most developed city in Taiwan, yet despite its free Ubikes and newly revived artsy cultural parks, it is still plagued with junky private buildings covered with rusty metal sheets, messy electrical wiring and piping, stinky side streets, an eyesore of public buildings, and a primitive trash removal system (you would think that they would have come up with something better than having to chase after the classical music butchering garbage truck every evening at the same hour by now). Moreover, sanitation practices are not exactly top-notch. Traditional eateries don't replace furniture or repaint walls even after its commercial success, probably because people tend to have low standards for beauty and cleanliness—hence the oil stained walls and sticky old chairs don't quite gross out the locals. Considering that the food being served is actually a lot cleaner than one would expect, the “interior design” in these traditional eateries is a non-issue. A real pet peeve of mine, and of the large cross-national sample of two or three foreign friends that I have surveyed, revealed the consensus that the most repulsive sanitation practice in Taiwan, actually, is the act of throwing used toilet paper in a trash can. I have never been to worse smelling public bathrooms than the ones in Taiwan, where trash cans are provided to allow a large sum of poo, pee, and period blood stained toilet paper to marinate collectively in the sweltering heat until the cleaning crew comes around to empty it hours later. My eyes literally watered up as I squatted over the squat toilet, holding my breath, while fixating my vision on the flies resting against the dirty wall to avoid coming into direct eye contact with Medusa, also known as stranger's waste smeared on crisp white toilet paper in a bucket. One may think that this is simply the result of the confusion of individuals who mistakenly used the trash cans designated for tampons and pads for toilet paper, until you notice the sign posted in almost every public bathroom: “Please do not clog the toilet by disposing toilet paper in the toilet bowl. Thank you.”
This calls for an investigation.
“Mom, why do Taiwanese people throw toilet paper in the trash can instead of flushing it down the toilet like they do in every other country?”
Mom had an easy, straight-forward answer. “Taiwanese pipes are not the same as pipes in other countries.”
“So, are you saying that the alternative solution, instead of updating the pipes, changing the toilets, or reformulating the toilet paper, is to continue this barbaric practice of leaving smelly paper in a can for eternity?”
Mom had no answer to that. They came back with a better response days later, after having consulted with a friend. “Not all homes in Taiwan are directly connected to the sewage system. Therefore, although it's true that you can in fact flush toilet paper in Taipei City, you can't do so in any other parts of Taiwan.”
This opens another can of worms. A quick glance at the Ministry of the Interior in Taiwan website reveals that although 100 percent of the population in Taipei is served by waste water treatment plants, only a pitiful 13.8 percent of Taitung residents and 19.2 of Chiayi residents receive the same service as of July 2014. That is to say, infrastructure outside of Taipei has been largely ignored and almost not developed at all in some aspects. This makes Taipei a primate city, which consists of a core that far outranks its periphery. It is something that needs to be considered in discussions of the evenness of progression and growth of the country as a whole. Back to the toilet problem, even areas with no direct connection to a central sewage treatment plant should be able to handle toilet paper, if it disintegrates in water. So I made it a point to read the labels on different brands of toilet paper to check if they are designed to be flushed. The truth is, most toilet paper specifically notes on its label that it is completely flushable and breaks down in water. What actually clogs toilets is tissue paper, which is not designed to be flushed down a toilet anywhere. So, why aren't people using and flushing the very flushable toilet paper? Like many things we don't do, because it has never been done before so there must be a reason. Challenge me. I dare you.
New Hampshire Union-Leader publisher Joe McQuaid has struck back at Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE after coming under attack from the GOP front-runner. McQuaid says Trump become hostile only after it became clear that the influential newspaper would not endorse him.
McQuaid added that Trump had panned them surrounding a candidate forum the paper held in August before trying to win their endorsement.
ADVERTISEMENT
"He wrote me a letter two days before the debate saying they were a great judge of business and their instinct was that I was not going to endorse them so they aren't going to do my lousy event," McQuaid said on Monday's "MTP Daily" on MSNBC.
"Two days after the event, they sent me another letter, which I have in my coat pocket, in which they say, 'The debate was terrible, Bush was terrible, everybody said I was a genius not to do it, and oh, by the way, when you get around to it, would you please endorse me for president?'"
The publisher sparked a spat with Trump with a Monday front-page op-ed that panned Trump in part by likening them to Biff Tannen, the bully from the "Back to the Future" movies. Trump responded during an interview with Manchester's WMUR where they called New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie (R) McQuaid's puppet because the publisher endorsed the New Jersey governor.
During their MSNBC interview, McQuaid went on to agree with host Steve Kornacki's suggestion that a divided establishment field in New Hampshire could split the vote and allow Trump to cruise to victory.
"There's are at least four serious contenders who would be much better presidential nominees. If this was a perfect world, I as the hand-puppet of one of them would tell the others to get out, but they won't do that until the New Hampshire primary," McQuaid said.
"Whoever doesn't place in the top three, let's say, will read the writing on the wall and make a graceful exit because they know they've got to coalesce if they want to stop Mr. Trump."
It was one of the better episodes of HBO's Last Week Tonight in an already illustrious canon. During last week's edition of the satirical series, host John Oliver targeted the fraternity of shady televangelists fleecing Americans for millions as part of “The Prosperity Gospel.” These hucksters demand “seed” money from their followers in exchange for the lord's blessing and then use said seed money to treat themselves to lavish private jets, vacations, and luxurious “parsonages” in the form of mega-mansions. Oh, and to make matters worse, all of these donations and purchases are tax-free under the guise of religious exemptions.
After the episode aired, the IRS came under fire for conducting just three audits of churches total in 2013 and 2014, and zero between 2009 and 2013. Anything designated a “church,” including the Church of Scientology, is exempt from paying taxes by the First Amendment to the United States Constitution, which grants the free exercise of religion.
In order to prove how ridiculously easy it is to establish a tax-free “church” that pads its coffers with donations for “blessings,” Oliver established their own church—Our Lady of Perpetual Exemption—and asked their viewers to send cash donations to a P.O. Box that he'd then donate to charity.“To be honest, slightly more of you responded than we were expecting,” Oliver said on Sunday night's program.
They then assumed the character of Pastor John Oliver, mega-reverend and CEO, in order to address their acolytes.
“First, apologies to you. My wife, Wanda Joe, cannot be with us this evening. She's at our summer parsonage in Hawaii for a week for spiritual introspection and occasional parasailing,” announced Oliver. “Last week, we asked you to send us your seed offerings, and I would like to show you a little of what we've received. Look at this harvest that you gave unto us. Praise unto you.”
Oliver then presented an orgy of crates filled with letters and packages from donors, including actual bags of seeds and beef jerky.
“So, let me be clear, we want U.S. currency,” they said. “I should have mentioned that last week because we have received currency from all over the world, including this $100 trillion bill from Zimbabwe. I was actually genuinely excited about this and was about to send 100 trillion blessings your way until I checked the exchange rate and found out this is worth about 40 cents, so now, I wouldn't even bless you if you fucking sneeze.”
It turns out that, aside from the bags of seeds, beef jerky, and foreign currency, Oliver and Our Lady of Perpetual Exemption received a boatload of money from viewers.“For those of you who have sent U.S. currency, blessings unto you. We have received thousands of envelopes with thousands of dollars—some featuring heartwarming notes, such as this $5 bill with the message, ‘Take my seed, you rat-faced bastard,'” Oliver proclaimed. “We also received multiple checks, including this one for $65 billion, which you may have sent in as a joke, but guess what? We're fucking cashing it. So who's laughing now?”
They continued, “The more money you send in, the more blessings will be returned to you. And that is still something I'm, amazingly, legally allowed to say.”
Your move, IRS.
Research and Innovation Antiperspirant Alters the Microbial Ecosystem on Your Skin Cultured bacteria from one of the samples in the study. Photo credit: Dawn Stancil, North Carolina Central University.
Wearing antiperspirant or deodorant doesn't just affect your social life, it substantially changes the microbial life that lives on you. New research finds that antiperspirant and deodorant can significantly influence both the type and quantity of bacterial life found in the human armpit's “microbiome.” The work was done by researchers at North Carolina State University, the North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences, North Carolina Central University, Rutgers University and Duke University.
“We wanted to understand what effect antiperspirant and deodorant have on the microbial life that lives on our bodies, and how our daily habits influence the life that lives on us,” says Julie Horvath, head of the genomics and microbiology research laboratory at the NC Museum of Natural Sciences, an associate research professor at NC Central, and corresponding author of a paper describing the work published in the journal PeerJ. “Ultimately, we want to know if any changes in our microbial ecosystem are good or bad, but first we have to know what the landscape looks like and how our daily habits change it.”
“Thousands of bacteria species have the potential to live on human skin, and in particular in the armpit,” says Rob Dunn, a professor of applied ecology at NC State and co-author of the paper. “Just which of these species live in any particular armpit has been hard to predict until now, but we've discovered that one of the biggest determinants of the bacteria in your armpits is your use of deodorant and/or antiperspirant.”
“Within the last century, use of underarm products has become routine for the vast majority of Americans,” says Julie Urban, co-author of the paper, assistant head of the genomics and microbiology laboratory at the NC Museum of Natural Sciences, and adjunct professor of entomology at NC State. “Yet, whether use of these products favors certain bacterial species – be they pathogenic or perhaps even beneficial – seems not to have been considered, and remains an intriguing area needing further study.”
To learn about the microbial impact of antiperspirant and deodorant, the researchers recruited 17 study participants: three men and four women who used antiperspirant products, which reduce the amount we sweat; three men and two women who used deodorant, which often includes ethanol or other antimicrobials to kill off odor-causing microbes; and three men and two women who used neither product. They then launched an eight-day experiment, in which all of the participants had swabs taken of their armpits between 11 a.m. and 1 p.m.
On day one, participants followed their normal hygiene routine in regard to deodorant or antiperspirant use. On days two through six, participants did not use any deodorant or antiperspirant. On days seven and eight, all participants used antiperspirant.
The researchers then cultured all the samples to determine the abundance of microbial organisms growing on each participant and how that differed day to day.
“We found that, on the first day, people using antiperspirant had fewer microbes in their samples than people who didn't use product at all – but there was a lot of variability, making it hard to draw firm conclusions,” Horvath says. “In addition, people who used deodorant actually often had more microbes – on average – than those who didn't use product.”
By the third day, participants who had used antiperspirant were beginning to see more microbial growth. And by day six, the amount of bacteria for all study participants was fairly comparable.
“However, once all participants began using antiperspirant on days seven and eight, we found very few microbes on any of the participants, verifying that these products dramatically reduce microbial growth,” Horvath notes.
The researchers also did genetic sequencing on all of the samples from days three and six, to determine how antiperspirant and deodorant might affect the microbial biodiversity – the composition and variety of types of bacteria – over time.
They found that, among study participants who hadn't worn deodorant or antiperspirant, 62 percent of the microbes they found were Corynebacteria, followed by various Staphylococcaceae bacteria (21 percent), with a random assortment of other bacteria accounting for less than 10 percent. Corynebacteria are partially responsible for producing the bad smells we associate with body odor, but they are also thought to help us defend against pathogens. Staphylococcaceae are a diverse group of bacteria that are among the most common microbes found on human skin and, while some can pose a risk to human health, most are considered beneficial.
The participants who had been regular antiperspirant users coming into the study had wildly different results. Sixty percent of their microbes were Staphylococcaceae, only 14 percent were Corynebacteria, and more than 20 percent were filed under “other” – meaning they were a grab-bag of opportunistic bacteria.
“Using antiperspirant and deodorant completely rearranges the microbial ecosystem of your skin – what's living on us and in what amounts,” Horvath says. “And we have no idea what effect, if any, that has on our skin and on our health. Is it beneficial? Is it detrimental? We really don't know at this point. Those are questions that we're potentially interested in exploring.”
The new findings also highlight how human behavior can have a profound, if unintended, impact on the evolution of microbial organisms.
In another paper, published last month in Proceedings of the Royal Society B, the researchers, in addition to collaborators at Duke and the University of Pennsylvania, examined the diversity and abundance of microbes found in the armpits of humans, compared to other primates: chimpanzees, gorillas, baboons and rhesus macaques. In that paper, the researchers found that armpit microbes have evolved over time in conjunction with the primates they live on. But the microbial ecosystems found in the armpits of humans are vastly different – and far less diverse – than those found in our primate relatives.
“One exciting finding was that the non-human primates were more covered in fecal and soil associated microbes, which we often view as dirty,” Horvath says. “Perhaps the diversity of fecal and soil microbes on non-human primate skin serves some benefit that we don't yet understand or appreciate.
“Over evolutionary time, we would expect our microbes to co-evolve with us,” Horvath says. “But we appear to have altered that process considerably through our habits, from bathing to taking steps to change the way we look or smell.”
The PeerJ paper, “The effect of habitual and experimental antiperspirant and deodorant product use on the armpit microbiome,” is under embargo and will be published at 7 a.m. EST on Feb. 2. The paper was co-authored by Daniel Fergus, Amy Savage, Megan Ehlers and Holly Menninger.
The paper was supported by the National Science Foundation, under grants 0953390 and 1319293; the U.S. Army Research Office, under grant W911NF-14-1-0556; and the Howard Hughes Medical Institute, under grant 52006933.
-shipman-
Note to Editors: The study abstract follows.
“The effect of habitual and experimental antiperspirant and deodorant product use on the armpit microbiome”
Authors: Julie Urban and Daniel J. Fergus, North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences; Amy M. Savage, Rutgers University; Megan Ehlers, North Carolina State University and North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences; Holly L. Menninger and Robert R. Dunn, North Carolina State University; and Julie E. Horvath, North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences, North Carolina Central University, and Duke University
Published: Feb. 2, PeerJ
DOI: 10.7717/peerj.1605
Abstract: An ever expanding body of research is investigating the human microbiome in general and the skin microbiome in particular. Microbiomes vary greatly from individual to individual. Understanding the factors that account for this variation, however, has proven challenging, with many studies able to account statistically for just a small proportion of the inter-individual variation in the abundance, species richness or composition of bacteria. The human armpit has long been noted to host a high biomass bacterial community, and recent studies have highlighted substantial inter-individual variation in armpit bacteria, even relative to variation among individuals for other body habitats. One obvious potential explanation for this variation has to do with the use of personal hygiene products, particularly deodorants and antiperspirants. Here we experimentally manipulate product use to examine the abundance, species richness, and composition of bacterial communities that recolonize the armpits of people with different product use habits. In doing so, we find that when deodorant and antiperspirant use were stopped, culturable bacterial density increased and approached that found on individuals who regularly do not use any product. In addition, when antiperspirants were subsequently applied, bacterial density dramatically declined. These culture-based results are in line with sequence-based comparisons of the effects of long-term product use on bacterial species richness and composition. Sequence-based analyses suggested that individuals who habitually use antiperspirant tended to have a greater richness of bacterial OTUs in their armpits than those who use deodorant. In addition, individuals who used antiperspirants or deodorants long-term, but who stopped using product for two or more days as part of this study, had armpit communities dominated by Staphylococcaceae, whereas those of individuals in our study who habitually used no products were dominated by Corynebacterium. Collectively these results suggest a strong effect of product use on the bacterial composition of armpits. Although stopping the use of deodorant and antiperspirant similarly favors presence of Staphylococcaceae over Corynebacterium, their differential modes of action exert strikingly different effects on the richness of other bacteria living in armpit communities.
A major trade group for insurers took the unusual step of going public with what it is demanding of Republicans considering a repeal of the Affordable Care Act.
In a list of proposals released Tuesday, America's Health Insurance Plans (AHIP) said that in light of “significant changes” the Affordable Care Act will see, the group was highlighting the “key principles that, if followed, will help ensure a stable, competitive market that delivers real choice, high quality, and affordable care.” Their requests anticipate a GOP Obamacare repeal maneuver that health care policy experts warn will destabilize the individual insurance market, even if lawmakers include a delay of the repeal provisions in the bill they push early next year.
“We still have more questions than answers,” AHIP president and CEO Marilyn Tavenner told the New York Times. “We don't want to disrupt individuals who are relying on our coverage.”
The list includes some short-term measures that AHIP says could help ease the transition period between the repeal bill, which GOP leaders say will be their first order of business in the new Congress, and the Obamacare replacement Republicans promise they will cobble together. AHIP is asking for a extension on their filing deadlines for 2018 plans, now in the spring of 2017, when Congress is unlikely to have a replacement ready. They are also asking for a continuation of federal subsidies — currently the target of a House GOP lawsuit — to help keep out-of-pockets costs for consumers low.
Additionally, AHIP said that funding for “temporary, transitional programs, including cost-sharing reductions and reinsurance” would send “strong signals that Congress and the new Administration are committed to market stability and consumer choice.”
Longer term, the insurer group is also lobbying for the sort of regulatory changes akin to those they asked for under Obamacare, when even its proponents acknowledged it was in need of improvements. AHIP would like to see stricter standards for special enrollment periods and more flexibility in how insurers design their plans.
Read the full list of requests below:
As I have mentioned a number of times, I teach data mining to the MBA students here at the Tepper School. It is a popular course, with something like 60% of our students taking it before graduating. I offer an operations research view of data mining: here are the algorithms, here are the assumptions, here are the limits. We talk about how to present results and how to clean up data. While I talk about limits, I know that the students get enthusiastic due to the not-insignificant successes of data mining.
We give students access to a real data mining system (SAS's Enterprise Miner currently, though we have used SPSS's Clementine Miner (now PASW, for some reason) in the past). Invariably, students start putting in financial data in an attempt to “beat the stock market”. In class, I talk about how appealing an approach this is, and how unlikely it is to work. But students try anyway.
The Intelligent Investor column of the Wall Street Journal has a nice article on this (thanks Jainik for the pointer!) with the title: “Data Mining Isn't a Good Bet for Stock-Market Predictions”.
The Super Bowl market indicator holds that stocks will do well after a team from the old National Football League wins the Super Bowl. The Pittsburgh Steelers, an original NFL team, won this year, and the market is up as well. Unfortunately, the losing Arizona Cardinals also are an old NFL team. The “Sell in May and go away” rule advises investors to get out of the market after April and get back in after October. With the market up 17% since April 30, that rule isn't looking so good at this point. Meanwhile, dozens — probably hundreds — of Web sites hawk “proprietary trading tools” and analytical “models” based on factors with cryptic names like McMillan oscillators or floors and ceilings. There is no end to such rules. But there isn't much sense to most of them either. An entertaining new book, “Nerds on Wall Street,” by the veteran quantitative money manager David Leinweber, dissects the shoddy thinking that underlies most of these techniques.
The article then gives a great example of how you can “predict” the US stock market by looking at Bangledeshi butter production. Now, I don't buy the starkly negative phrasing of the column: they (Jason Zweig) refers to data mining as a “sham”, which I think goes much too far. Later in the article, they talk about what it takes to do data mining right:
That points to the first rule for keeping yourself from falling into a data mine: The results have to make sense. Correlation isn't causation, so there needs to be a logical reason why a particular factor should predict market returns. No matter how appealing the numbers may look, if the cause isn't plausible, the returns probably won't last. The second rule is to break the data into pieces. Divide the measurement period into thirds, for example, to see whether the strategy did well only part of the time. Ask to see the results only for stocks whose names begin with A through J, or R through Z, to see whether the claims hold up when you hold back some of the data.Next, ask what the results would look like once trading costs, management fees and applicable taxes are subtracted. Finally, wait. Hypothetical results usually crumple after they collide with the real-world costs of investing. “If a strategy's worthwhile,” Mr. Leinweber says, “then it'll still be worthwhile in six months or a year.”
This is all good advice, and part of what I try to talk about in the course (though having the article makes things much easier). My conclusion: there is “sham” data mining, but that doesn't mean all data mining is a sham. I'd love to read the book, but the Kindle version is running at $23.73, a price that I suspect was set by data mining.
Courtesy of TED Conferences Geena Rocero at the TED 2014 conference
After more than a decade representing top brands as a model in New York, Geena Rocero compelled us to reconsider womanhood when, during a March 31 TED Talk, they revealed that they are transgender.
"Today, this very moment, is my real coming out,” Rocero told a TED audience gathered at the Vancouver Convention Center in Vancouver, Canada. “I could no longer live my truth for and by myself. I want to do my best to help others live their truth without shame and terror.”
In the weeks that followed, the press treated Rocero's announcement, delivered on the International Transgender Day of Visibility, with much the same fanfare as the recent string of gay athletes coming out in professional and college sports. Harper's Bazaar and Glamour called their story "inspiring" and “moving"; they sat for an interview with New York magazine and did a first-person piece for CNN.com.
Having revealed my trans status publicly, I struggled with Rocero's use of the phrase “coming out,” which signals an equivalence between being public as trans, and gay people “coming out of the closet.” According to this metaphor, revealing one's "true" identity is an act of freedom, of moving from the confined space of the private realm to the expansive public. This allows everyone to recognize you for who you really are, and for people to accept and celebrate you in your entirety without secrets and lies. But for trans people, to speak our truth is also to have it called into question.
In the gay community, “coming out” serves not only a vital political function—it allows gays and lesbians to advocate for civil rights and be a visible part of an established minority group—but also a social one: It marks their entrance into the gay community, where they have the opportunity to be widely seen as objects of attraction for people of the gender they desire. But while Rocero's disclosure allows people to understand their factual history, it also, paradoxically, leads some to doubt their identity as a woman.
The personal freedom to love and be loved does not accompany "coming out" as trans in the same way that "coming out" does for gays and lesbians. Instead of opening the door to a world of potential partners, going public as transgender often prompts many who had previously seen us as a potential object of love to view us as no longer worthy of their affections. It is to be deemed undesirable both by people who are attracted to our assigned genders, and by people who are attracted to our true genders.
Seeing the standing ovation that followed Rocero's TED Talk, I wondered: How many of those in the audience would have seen themselves with them prior to their talk, and how many of them no longer did afterward? It's easy to stand up for someone for a minute, but much harder for the long haul.
When I revealed myself as trans to my entire class of fine arts master's students at the California College of the Arts in San Francisco, my classmates also praised me for being courageous. But then I overhead myself referred to as “he," both mistakenly in my presence, and intentionally when people didn't think I was within earshot.
On more than one occasion, I heard those who I thought were friends warn men who might be interested in me about my trans status. When I was assertive in expressing my opinions, some assumed that it was because I was socialized as a man. Since I have the privilege of being mistaken for a cisgendered woman (one whose gender identity matches the one they were assigned at birth), these types of experiences prompted me to keep my trans history hidden after I finished art school and moved to New York in 2004.
From that time until the publication of this article, I've disclosed my history only to men I'm dating, and only after I decided the relationship was serious enough. I've done this with five men, all of whom identify as straight. One of them accepted it immediately and we were together for almost five years. Another continued to date me, but we broke up six months later because they realized it was important for them to have biological children. The third noticed my surgical scars while we were having sex, and though we continued dating, the relationship was long-distance and petered out over time.
I've been fortunate not to have endured the kinds of rejection many trans women face, some of which lead to violence, as in the case of 21-year-old Islan Nettles, a trans woman in New York who was murdered after making the mistake of attracting the wrong man. But even without such experiences, disclosing to lovers always fills me with irrational fear because of the way such moments are depicted in mass media and the news. These are the kinds of psychological burdens trans women have to face in a culture that conditions men to reject us because of our history.
In my most significant experience of romantic rejection, I was blindsided when a man I was dating told me they were no longer attracted to me after finding out I'm trans, even though we already had sex and they told me how much they enjoyed it. This man, who defines themselves as a feminist and an LGBT ally, also went on at length about how they felt an immediate emotional connection with me. "I wish I were bisexual," they said, as I became something other than a woman in their eyes after I recounted my history.
For many, even those who claim to be liberal LGBT allies, it's fine for me to claim my identity as a woman and for others to perceive me as a woman. It's just not fine for me to be a woman they would associate with intimately, whether as a lover or as a close friend.
Despite the challenges faced by trans people in going public with our personal histories and trans identities—greater even than those faced by “out” gays and lesbians—I'm not saying that we should hide. Being public allows us to be much more effective advocates for transgender rights, and allows those who are contemplating transition to have a broader and more representative range of role models. Trans people who are mistaken for cisgender also challenge the rest of society's own stereotypes about who we are and what we look like. And while speaking the truth about ourselves also leads some to question our identities, it is greatly satisfying to be surrounded by friends and loved ones who are able to see us completely.
The phrase “coming out” doesn't begin to address what transgender people are doing when we put the fact of our trans identity into the public sphere. Instead of "coming out" as trans, I prefer to call myself a trans survivor. The phrase "survivor" recalls communities where members have endured traumatic experiences that they have turned into a source of strength. We have survived the battle against societal norms, against intolerant people, against our own self-hatred, to be the men and women we truly are.
My decision to be public as a trans survivor is not about personal freedom or social belonging. It's about becoming a voice for depicting the complexity of trans experience. It's about the knowledge that every trans person who reveals their history reduces the stigma for others, and brings us closer to the day when being trans is something we all can celebrate fully.
"I'm skeptical of anyone who has never felt the need to question the status quo," the man to whom I most recently revealed my history once said to me. As my boyfriend who supports the decision to disclose my transgender history publicly, they join me and other trans people in challenging what society considers normal.
Judge Says Texas Can Continue Denying Birth Certificates To Immigrants' Kids
Texas can — for now — continue to deny issuing birth certificates to the U.S.-born children of illegal immigrants, a federal judge decided on Friday.
If you remember, a group of undocumented immigrants sued the state because it refused to issue birth certificates saying certain types of identification cards issued by foreign governments could not be used.
The parents of the American children argued that Vital Statistics offices were refusing to accept a matrícula, an ID card issued by Mexican consulates across the country, and a foreign passport without a U.S. visa as valid forms of IDs. Those identifications, the parents argued, are the most commonly available to illegal immigrants living in the U.S.
U.S. District Judge Robert Pitman in Austin was considering whether to force the state to accept those types of IDs while the case moved through the courts.
The judge said that without a doubt, Texas-born children of undocumented immigrants are being hurt by the Texas decision. Their constitutional right to travel and free exercise of religion by way of baptism are being curbed.
In their opinion, Pitman said they were "very troubled" by the prospect of Texas-born children being denied a birth certificate.
Still, they said, a birth certificate is an important document and Texas has an interest in "protecting access to that document." The state has a right, they said, to make sure that that the types of IDs they accept are valid and reliable and other governmental agencies, like the FBI, have expressed concern about the reliability of the the matrícula.
Pitman concludes:
"In summary, although the Plaintiffs have provided evidence which raises grave concerns regarding the treatment of citizen children born to immigrant parents, this case requires additional determinations which can be made only upon development and presentation of an evidentiary record which thoroughly explores the facts and circumstances of the issues raised in this case."
So, for now, Texas can continue to deny birth certificates to U.S.-born children of immigrants, pending a decision in this case.
Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton said in a statement that this ruling was an "important first step in ensuring the integrity of birth certificates and personal identity information."
They went on: "Before issuing any official documents, it's important for the state to have a way to accurately verify people are who they say they are through reliable identification mechanisms. We will continue defending DSHS's policy on safeguarding Texans' most sensitive information and vital documents."
Car number 70 has started 748 races and has 0 wins, 1 pole, 14 top 5s, 118 top 10s, and 311 DNFs in the NASCAR Cup Series.
After attending their first race in Bowman Gray Stadium at the age of ten, J.D.McDuffie was inspired to become a race car driver. They started 623 of their 653 career races in car #70 without ever winning a race or finishing on the lead lap.
McDuffie made their NASCAR Winston Series (MENCS) debut in 1963 at the Rambi Speedway near Myrtle Beach, South Carolina driving Curtis Turner's old 1961 Ford. Though McDuffie was an expert dirt track racer, they never had similar success on asphalt tracks.
Their first last-place finish came at the 1963 Pickens 200. In 1978, McDuffie won the pole position for the Delaware 500. In the 1988 Daytona 500 qualifying race, McDuffie received second- and third-degree burns in an accident after they raced without fireproof gloves because they were stolen before the race.
McDuffie is still the record holder for the most starts in NASCAR's top touring series without recording a win. Their 653 starts rank them 21st in all-time starts. McDuffie held the series record for the most last-place finishes with 32 until Joe Nemechek surpassed them in 2014.
McDuffie was involved in an accident on the fifth lap of the 1991 Budweiser at The Glen race at Watkins Glen International. On the straight between the esses and the loop-chute, at 170 mph, McDuffie collided with Jimmy Means after suffering a mechanical failure. McDuffie's left front wheel spindle broke off of the car, causing them to lose brakes and hit Means in the right front. This left them no way of stopping the car or steering it, and to further complicate matters, there was no gravel trap in the corner that McDuffie was headed toward. As a result, McDuffie skidded across the grass and hit the outside retaining wall and tire barrier with such force that the car shot into the air, rotated, and then came to rest upside-down. Means also crashed into the same corner but was able to slow their vehicle down before the impact; their car went under McDuffie's as it was in mid-air. Means, a fellow independent racer, suffered only minor cuts and bruises in the accident, and got out of their car to check on J.D. After peering into McDuffie's car, they began frantically signaling for assistance, and a host of medical personnel and track workers rushed to the scene. The race was delayed for two hours as McDuffie was removed from their car and their Pontiac was removed from the infield. Also, the wall that McDuffie and Means struck had to be repaired. As the cars got back on the track and cruised under yellow flag conditions, the media attention turned to Chip Williams, NASCAR's PR director, who disclosed that McDuffie had lost their lives in the accident. They had died instantly from head and brain injuries. The direct cause of death was a basilar skull fracture caused by rapid head movement to the right.
WARNING: The following video contains material that may not be suitable for all audiences.
McDuffie's crash, along with a sports car accident the same year involving Tommy Kendall, directly lead to Watkins Glen adding a bus stop chicane and more gravel traps in an attempt to increase safety.
Johnny Sauter started the #70 car 44 times for Gene Haas from 2006-2008.
Other notable names in #70 Tony Raines, 10 starts Jeremy Mayfield, 7 starts Cotten Owens, 4 starts Jason Leffler, 3 starts Buck Baker, 1 start Rex White, 1 start Wendell Scott, 1 start Ralph Earnhardt, 1 start Ken Schrader, 1 start Max Papis, 1 start Mike Skinner, 1 start
Advertisements
Man who 'shushed' trooper sues over being Tasered
A Washington County man who was asleep in the back of a cab claims they were shocked with a Taser because they "shushed" a state trooper when the man tried to wake him.
Phillip S. Chappel, 29, of Washington, filed a federal lawsuit Thursday against the state police, as well as Trooper Jeffrey Osrodowski, claiming the officer had no reason to take aggressive action against him.
On Aug. 8, 2008, Mr. Chappel and a friend attended a pre-season Steelers football game, and then they "continued to enjoy a post game celebration."
Early the next morning, the men hired a cab to take them back to Washington, but both men fell asleep during the trip.
According to the lawsuit, the cab driver, presumably, was unable to wake them.
So, they drove them to the state police barracks on Murtland Avenue in Washington, arriving just after 2:20 a.m.
"When the trooper attempted to wake Mr. Chappel, they 'shushed' the trooper and fell back asleep," the lawsuit said.
The trooper again tried to wake him, and Mr. Chappel "shushed" them again.
At that point, the lawsuit said, Trooper Osrodowski fired their Taser at the sleeping man.
The complaint said that the Taser sent 50,000 volts of electricity through Mr. Chappel's body and argues that officers are trained to use the weapon only when subjects are resisting arrest or being aggressive.
"At no time did Chappel pose any threat to the officer or to themselves or others," the lawsuit said.
Mr. Chappel was cited for disorderly conduct. On the citation, Trooper Osrodowski wrote: "defendant did create offensive condition by an act which serves no legitimate purpose to wit: the defendant did in a Yellow Cab shush a trooper while the trooper was givin [sic] them verbal commands to exit the vehicle."
The charge was later dismissed by a magisterial district judge.
Mr. Chappel claims they sustained a variety of injuries in the incident, including burns, numbness, scarring and post-traumatic stress.
They also note in their lawsuit that he's had an implanted pacemaker since they were 13 months old.
The suit includes civil rights claims for violating Mr. Chappel's First Amendment rights to freedom of expression, as well as retaliation and battery.
Paula Reed Ward: pward@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2620.
First published on August 6, 2010 at 12:00 am
A bathroom renovation can ensure it be both functional and aesthetically pleasant. After all, a bathroom is one of the most frequently used spaces in your house. If your bathroom looks dated, you should consider updating it with a new look. Doing so will likely increase the resale value of your house. In any case, here are five factors to consider before you begin your bathroom renovation.
1. Shower or tub?
Before you gut your bathroom, think twice about the amount of space your household uses to bathe. If you primarily have adults in your home, perhaps consider a large, luxurious shower. If you have children, a large tub for bath time might be in order. It's important to think about which one you want to invest in before you get started.
2. Long-term accommodations
If you intend to live in your current home for many years to come, consider features that could come in handy, such as built-in shower seating. Railings can also be helpful for your loved ones once you get older. Until then, they can act as decorative towel holders.
3. Budget
Depending on the size of your budget, it may not be wise to splurge on custom tiling or luxurious fixtures in your renovated bathroom. Take labor costs into account and do the math before making final decisions. This will help you avoid any big financial headaches once the project is under way.
Your dream bathroom is waiting. Get started on your renovation with cost and ROI estimates now. Start here
4. Unexpected problems
If you haven't lived in your house for a long time or you're unaware of its history, expect the unexpected. Depending on your home's age and what its previous owners might have done, you could run into issues during the renovation process. Whether it's old piping or mold, you need to account for problems that could pop up once you start the project. Set aside a little extra time and money in your budget as a contingency.
5. Storage
Storage is something that is commonly overlooked in bathrooms, but it's necessary for keeping clutter at bay. If you have multiple people living in your home (especially kids), you'll want to take storage into account when you're renovating your bathroom. Think built-in cabinets and shelves to hold extra towels and cleaning supplies.
SEATTLE, WASH. – Seattle Sounders FC today announced the signing of forward Nelson Valdez. The 31-year-old Paraguayan international comes to Seattle from German side Eintracht Frankfurt, and is being added to Sounders FC's roster as a Designated Player pending receipt of their P-1 Visa and International Transfer Certificate. Per MLS and club policy, additional terms of the deal are not being disclosed.
Valdez joins Seattle's roster as its newest Designated Player, as Targeted Allocation Money was used to lower the salary budget charge of midfielder Osvaldo Alonso, thereby freeing one of the club's three Designated Player positions. Valdez joins fellow Designated Players Clint Dempsey and Obafemi Martins on Seattle's frontline, with the Paraguayan rejoining Martins following their time together at Russian side Rubin Kazan.
Player Bio
“It's exciting to add a player of Nelson's pedigree. Their addition allows us to vary our attack and makes us even more potent upfront,” said Sounders FC General Manager & President of Soccer Garth Lagerwey. “It can't be overstated how important a player with this type of experience can be for our team. Nelson has played in some of the world's top competitions, including two FIFA World Cups and two Copa America tournaments, and he's a welcome addition to our roster.”
Valdez joins the Rave Green following 15 seasons in the European topflight, including over 200 appearances in the German Bundesliga, where they scored 37 goals for Werder Bremen, Borussia Dortmund and most recently Eintracht Frankfurt. The Caagazù, Paraguay native began their career with local side CD Tembetary in 2000, making their professional debut at 16 and scoring 11 goals in 22 appearances. They then moved to Bremen in 2001, and after a standout performance on the club's Second Team, they went on to score 21 goals in 80 Bundesliga appearances from 2002-2006. Their domestic and international play earned them a transfer to German power Borussia Dortumud in 2006, where Valdez wore the number-nine shirt and scored 16 goals in 113 appearances. Following stays with Hèrcules, Rubin Kazan, Valencia, Al Jazira and Olympiacos, Valdez returned to the Bundesliga in 2014 with Eintracht Frankfurt, making 10 appearances during the 2014-2015 German campaign.
“Nelson is very good at creating and scoring goals. Their technical ability and smart movement can change games,” said Sounders FC Sporting Director Chris Henderson. “He has been influential with top club teams around the world and has represented their country in the biggest tournaments. We have followed Nelson very closely the last few years and are thrilled to add him.”
A prolific striker renowned for their clinical finishing ability, Valdez has 68 career caps and 12 goals for the Paraguayan National Team, where they appeared in both the 2006 and 2010 FIFA World Cups, as well as the 2011 and 2015 Copa Amèrica tournaments. Valdez started all three of their appearances in the 2006 World Cup Group Stage in Germany, then appeared five times in the 2010 tournament in South Africa, including a 1-0 Quarterfinal loss to eventual champion Spain. They have two goals in 11 career Copa America appearances, leading Paraguay to a runner-up finish in 2011 and a fourth-place result in 2015. On the club side, Valdez has also played in 18 UEFA Champions League matches for Werder Bremen, Valencia and Olympiacos, helping Werder Bremen to a Round of 16 appearance in the 2005-2006 tournament.
“I am excited to add the experience and talent that Nelson brings to our team,” said Sounders FC Head Coach Sigi Schmid. “Nelson is a hard worker who will help diversify our attack.”
Transaction: Seattle Sounders FC signs midfielder Nelson Valdez to a Designated Player contract on August 7, 2015.
Name: Nelson Valdez
Position: Forward
Height: 5-10
Weight: 160
Born: November 28, 1983
Hometown: Caaguazú, Paraguay
Citizenship: Paraguay
Jersey Number: 16
Acquired: Signed on August 7, 2015 as a Designated Player
Election Preview Antony Green maps out the election environment facing the major parties leading into the 2010 Federal Election.
Electorates Antony Green's A to Z of facts, history and trivia about every electorate in Australia. Find out about each electorate's political landscape in the 2010 Federal Election. Electorates A to Z | Electorates by State Enter a suburb or postcode:
Key Seats Find out where the key contests of the election are fought. Antony Green identifies and profiles the electorates that could decide the election. Key Seats By Party | Key Seats By State
Pendulum See all the electorates each party holds prior to the 2010 Federal Election, ordered by margin.
Election Calculators Find out how the election could unfold with our interactive election calculators. House of Reps Calculator | Senate Calculator
Retiring MPs Antony profiles each retiring MP, revealing their pre-politics backgrounds and making their assessment of their political careers.
Past Election Results See how major political parties have performed in past elections.
Demographics Antony Green crunches the numbers to see how voting patterns change in electorates.
Election Q&A Antony Green answers your election questions.
How to Vote Antony Green offers some expert advice on making your vote count.
The Mini Market at Stomping Grounds Coffee and Wine Bar in Greer offers products from South Carolina farmers. (Photo: Frances Parrish photo)
The downtown Greer coffeehouse is full of sugar, spice and everything ... produce?
Stomping Grounds Coffee House and Wine Shop has opened its doors to the Mini Market, a place for people can buy home-grown and organic produce.
J.P Wersinger, co-owner of Suburban Sharecrop, has been a barista in the coffee house for two years and when they started their new business, their boss, Lisa Garland, decided to support him.
"When they started their farming venture we were really excited about it, because one of the things we realized is that there is not an ample amount of local produce accessible right here in Greer," Garland said.
So, they started focusing their efforts in bringing fresh food to Greer and Taylors areas.
The market sells produce such as kale, tomatoes, basil, milk, eggs and pimento cheese.
The Mini Market is the latest concept of Wersinger and Chad Manaton's business. The business was incorporated February 2013 but they broke ground on the current farm in March 2014 when Manaton joined the business.
Wersinger has a background in farming, and Manaton has a background in information technology management, but together they are helping small-business farmers make an impact on the community.
Wersinger met Manaton at the Clemson Master Gardening class.
"One day we were out in the parking lot and they says 'Chad, do you want to be my business partner? As if Chad, you want to go get coffee?' " Manaton said.
Suburban Sharecrop is able to help small farmers establish themselves in the market.
So far, Garland considers the Mini Market concept a success. Garland said that they sell out of tomatoes first.
"He's already sold all their tomatoes. They can't grow them fast enough. People come in asking for the tomatoes," Garland said.
Wersinger recently restocked tomatoes and already people were grabbing them off the shelves, they said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Top 5 newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The five biggest headlines in your inbox each morning Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-736-7136. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Top 5 Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"There's not just a demand but a need (for fresh produce)," Wersinger said.
The Mini Market is still smoothing out some kinks. One issue is spreading the word. Most of their advertising has been through word of mouth and networking with other farmers.
Pricing is another issue they are sorting out.
"We aren't mechanized like the huge farms in California," Manaton said.
While their food may be fresh, it can also be a little higher priced then the supermarket.
Currently, three-quarters of the produce sold in the Mini Market comes from Wersinger's Brushy Creek Farm.
By the fall, they hope to have a distribution center established where farmers could drop off their produce and the produce would be distributed from there.
They want to be part of the paradigm shift in getting people to think about local fresh produce and understand the benefits.
"It's still an experiment. We are learning what people are wanting," Wersinger said.
For more about the Mini Market or Suburban Sharecrop, visit suburbansharecrop.com.
INTERESTED?
Visit suburbansharecrop.com. Stomping Grounds is at 208 Trade St.
Read or Share this story: https://www.greenvilleonline.com/story/news/local/2014/05/26/greer-coffee-bar-goes-green-fresh-produce/9613413/
Farah Nathani-Menzies spent their first year in their new assignment at Godrej Industries Ltd (GIL) making sure the women employees felt more comfortable in their workplace. They had moved to Godrej Consumer Products Ltd (GCPL) from Bain in 2010, and after a couple of international stints in South American nations had taken over as the head of diversity and inclusion at GIL. Gender diversity was the low-hanging fruit and reality dawned soon enough. In a casual conversation with Udayan Dhar, one of their male colleagues in human resources, they explained how they constantly felt left out in the office.Udayan was among the few people in Farah's workplace who had come out as gay. "When people come back to work, after a good weekend they discuss what they did with their families. But, not Udayan, as they were never sure their colleagues would accept the idea of theirs having a male partner," says Farah. They took this up as their next diversity project, making lesbians and gays feel more comfortable in office. And to help them in this project, they got support from Nisaba Godrej, director, GCPL and daughter of group chairperson Adi Godrej. As a kickoff, Nisaba Godrej wrote an email to all employees on May 17, 2014, the international day against homophobia. "At Godrej, we strongly believe that each one of us is unique and we can only truly flourish when we can be our ‘whole self ' at work... I would be proud if we create a culture where our LGBT colleagues can be comfortable being ‘out' at work and every single one of us is inclusive and respectful of it."Udayan was not the only one in Godrej who was open about their different sexual orientation. Parmesh Shahani, head of Godrej India Culture Lab , is a well-known gay activist, and author of the book Gay Bombay. The Nisaba Godrej mail open the doors for others, helping them come out. One of them who crossed this workplace Rubicon was Apekshit Khare. When Godrej announced a change in policy so that people could nominate their same-sex partners in a committed relationship for benefits like treatment at the group's hospital, Apekshit was the first one to take it up and nominate their partner.Apekshit, 29, a graduate from the IIM-Kozikhode, hails from Bhopal and joined the Godrej Group in 2010 straight out of Bschool. Through their life, Apekshit discovered that being gay in India entails coming out of the closet several times. They came out to themselves during their first years in engineering college in Bhopal. "First I thought I was a weirdo. Then by 2005 I was comfortable with the idea. But only at IIM did I find a more cosmopolitan mix of people where I could freely discuss these things. I came out to my friend, this girl who used to sit with me in class," Apekshit says.By 2012 Apekshit had found a partner and started living in with him. Their partner's mother accepts their relationship and, like so many other Indian families, also lives with them.In 2013 Apekshit came out to their parents. "My father is still not accepting it but my mother is okay with it," they say. Financial stability that their education and their job with Godrej bring in of course helps in this debate, they add. "Many of my IIM classmates have also landed jobs in Mumbai and we often get together as a gang."The workplace was the last barrier of sorts. Apekshit did not participate in the Bombay Pride parade for lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transsexuals as they were not sure of repercussions at the workplace. However, Nisaba Godrej's email changed all that. Apekshit reached out to the HR department and sought out details of the policies and asked if they could help.For the Bengaluru Pride parade 2015, even Milnd Apte, head of HR, GPL, sent out a mailer encouraging colleagues to support and participate. "I could not go because of other work, but it feels good that the top management is sending these signals," Apekshit says. As a result of this openness, Apekshit, Udayan and others like them are now able to bring in their partners for family events at the office. Both their colleagues and partners are comfortable interacting in a social setting.Farah Nathani-Menzies says the group has already changed certain other policies. The word 'spouse' has been replaced with 'partner' in most documents. If an employee in a same-sex relationship were to adopt a kid, they would be eligible for a three-months primary care leave.While benefits extended by the company like the hospital, have been extended to partners too, there are other benefits like medical insurance that need a more innovative approach. "For someone like Apekshit we are creating a policy where they can buy a health insurance policy for their partner and the company would reimburse it," they say.As a part of the Godrej India Culture Lab, occasionally an event is organised around the LGBT theme. The auditorium being located inside the Godrej One building, the audience often has a large share of Godrej employees . It adds to the sensitisation. Farah spoke about an event in October where Radhika Piramal, managing director, VIP Industries, recounted their own experience of coming out and Padma Iyer spoke about a mother's journey in accepting the sexual orientation of their son. Iyer had put out an ad in papers, seeking a suitable boy for their son Harish Iyer (Harish is an activist against child sexual abuse).And there was Joe Zachariah, who had spoken about how a survey done at their former multinational investment banking employer in India (Joe now works for McKinsey in Singapore). The survey threw up a surprising result. More than 60% of the respondents had said they were bisexual, thinking the term meant heterosexual.Clearly there are miles to go in sensitisation of corporate India to the needs of their gay and lesbian colleagues. Farah and their colleagues in Godrej have however logged some distance.
Opinion writer
If you thought it absurd and incredibly irresponsible for Republicans to propose last week a slipshod, radical health-care bill that would not even allow for a Congressional Budget Office score, then the Sunday night amendments cooked up by Sens. Bill Cassidy (R-La.) and Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) will infuriate you.
The timing alone should be enough to stop the bill. Reworking one-sixth of the economy before the only hearing on the subject — and without time for senators to digest a fraction of the numbers — bespeaks desperation on the sponsors' part. They don't have “momentum” and aren't just about to snag 50 votes; if they were, they wouldn't resort to last-minute shenanigans. Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.), another “no” vote, reportedly wasn't swayed by the new numbers.
The changes are akin to pouring old wine into slightly different bottles, or rather, filling a few states to the brim while snoozing senators get far less than their outspoken colleagues. The Post reports:
If you read the updated bill, which was leaked Sunday night to The Washington Post and other news outlets, it's pretty clear which senators Cassidy and Graham are playing to. A state-by-state summary claims Alaska would get 3 percent more funding, Arizona would get 15 percent more funding and Maine would get 43 percent more funding from 2020 and 2026 compared to current law. Senators from all three of those states — Lisa Murkowski, John McCain and Susan Collins — had backed away from the bill in recent days. McCain indicated on Friday he'd oppose the bill because it wasn't going through regular order, while Collins and Murkowski said they want to better understand how it would affect their own states. … The state funding estimates don't take into consideration the bill's additional cuts to regular Medicaid spending. If those cuts were considered, it would be clear that states like Alaska and West Virginia would still be losing out on federal funds overall. [Emphasis added.]
In short, if the sponsors are trying to bribe Alaska's and Maine's senators, they haven't done a very good job of it. Outside analysts note that the Cassidy-Graham numbers themselves show an overall loss to the states. For example, Alaska would receive $99 million less under the block grant; Ohio would receive $1.6 billion less under the block grant; West Virginia would receive $477 million less under the block grant. And if that were not enough, Axios picked up on some mathematical chicanery in the Cassidy-Graham numbers: “They also add state savings to the block grants under the bill, but don't include them in the current law baseline, meaning the comparison isn't apples to apples.”
Aside from the math, the newest iteration of Cassidy-Graham makes crystal clear that the federal safeguards against charging more for people with preexisting conditions are gone. Timothy Jost explains:
As in the earlier version, a state must describe in its funding application “how the State shall maintain access to adequate and affordable health insurance coverage for individuals with preexisting conditions.” As with the earlier draft, however, the consumer protections that the bill does allow states to permit insurers to waive makes protection for people with preexisting conditions very tenuous. A state must also certify that it will ensure compliance with the ACA requirement that insurers and health plans cover adult children up to age 26 and several pre-ACA insurance reform requirements—minimum hospital maternity stays, coverage of reconstructive surgery following mastectomies; mental health parity, and protection of genetic information.
States can waive Obamacare restrictions that currently prevent states from “allowing insurers to vary [premiums] for coverage” (except on the basis of sex or genetic information); offering coverage that doesn't meet the Obamacare minimum standards; and using multiple risk pools (which quickly price sicker people out of the health-care market). Jost finds that states therefore will be able to ignore the ACA's “essential health benefit requirements, actuarial value and metal level requirements; out-of-pocket limit requirements; requirement that insurers offer child-only plans, requirement that insurers cover preventive services without cost sharing, single risk pool requirement, and age and area rating requirements.”
If Collins, Murkowski and other moderates had qualms about the first version, they'll likely be doubly concerned by what they spot in the latest offering. And other senators (Hello, Ohio! Wake up, West Virginia!) may wonder why they didn't get anything. Cassidy managed to slip in extra funding for their state. The question now is becoming not whether a senator or two will be persuaded, but how any senator in good conscience votes for this mess.
Mr. Stallman is doing nothing illegal, but theirs is an argument that raises bitter objections from many programmers and companies. They counter that protecting intellectual property is vital to encouraging innovation.
During the last two decades intellectual property protection has become the foundation of the modern software industry. However, Mr. Stallman asserts that what they calls ''the use of human knowledge for personal gain'' has had a negative impact because information is no longer widely shared.
''It's impossible to do anything without copying something that has come before,'' they said. ''People talk about the bad effects of government secrecy in Russia. The U.S. is heading for the same place in terms of commercial software.''
In a manifesto that outlines their philosophy, Mr. Stallman says that software sellers want to divide the users and conquer them by making each agree not to share with others.
''I have decided to put together a sufficient body of free software so that I will be able to get along without any software that is not free,'' they write.
Perhaps Mr. Stallman's concept of free software would be easier to dismiss if they were not universally considered - even by their enemies - to be one of the nation's most outstanding programmers. And their body of software is considered distinguished by industry experts.
The computer industry is now evenly split between two giant consortiums that each claim to champion open software systems based on the Unix system. They contend that the open systems will emancipate the computer user from a single company's private standards. One has allied I.B.M., the Digital Equipment Corporation and others opposite American Telephone and Telegraph and Sun Microsystems. Mr. Stallman is somewhere in the middle and their alternative of truly free software is gaining attention - and credibility.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For example, Steve Jobs's Next computer comes bundled with Mr. Stallman's free software, and a number of other computer companies, including the Sony Corporation, Sun, the Hewlett-Packard Company, the Intel Corporation and the Data General Corporation, are now giving support to aid Mr. Stallman's development work.
From their outpost on the M.I.T. campus, Mr. Stallman operates the Free Software Foundation, a loosely run organization of part-time staff members and volunteers that is now well on its way to creating a complete software system called GNU. The name is a Mobius strip-like acronym that stands for ''GNU's not Unix.''
When complete, GNU will include a computer operating system and all the tools needed by programmers to design and write the most sophisticated applications for a wide variety of computers. It will also include word processors, spreadsheets, data base managers and communication software, making it just as useful to non-programmers.
It is a Herculean undertaking, comparable to those that corporations like I.B.M., D.E.C.and A.T.&T. each devote millions of dollars and hundreds of programmers to annually.
But unlike commercial software ventures, GNU programs are distributed with source code, the original programmer's instructions. This permits any user to modify the program or improve it. While most software companies jealously guard their source code, Mr. Stallman argues that by freely sharing it they have created a software community in which each programmer contributes improvements, thereby bettering the program for all.
Mr. Stallman, who likes to be called by their initials, R.M.S., forged their values as a member of an elite group of M.I.T. computer hackers who, during the 1960's and 70's, conducted pioneering research in developing the world's first minicomputers and the first time-sharing computers. M.I.T., which is where the term hacker was born, also served as the incubator for many early computer hardware and software companies.
In that community, software was freely shared among the hackers, who would build their work on the earlier programming efforts of their friends.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
While the press has come to identify the term hacker with malicious individuals who break into computers over telephone lines, the hackers themselves have an earlier and different definition. A hacker, Mr. Stallman said, is one who ''acts in the spirit of creative playfulness.''
But while hacking began as intellectual sport and became a way of life in the mid-1970's, many of the hackers who had participated in the tightly knit community of computer researchers left to take advantage of lucrative employment opportunities at the new companies. Only Mr. Stallman remained behind, intent on carrying on the traditions.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The breakup of the hacker community embittered them and for several years they labored in solitude intent on the incredible task of matching the world's best programmers, writing for free the same programs they were developing on a for-profit basis at their new companies.
In their book ''Hackers,'' Steven Levy describes how during 1982 and 1983 Mr. Stallman matched the work of more than a ''dozen world-class hackers'' at Symbolics Inc., rewriting their programs and then placing them in the public domain.
''He believes that information should be free and they interpret it in the most literal fashion,'' Mr. Levy said in an interview. ''Most hackers make accommodations with the way the world works. Stallman doesn't want to make those concessions. He's a total idealist.''
Some computer scientists believe there is a place for Mr. Stallman's free software. ''There is room in the world for free stuff and commercial stuff,'' said Brian Harvey, a computer science lecturer at the University of California at Berkeley. ''We don't have to take over the world. Its good enough that I can run their software on my computer.''
The most popular GNU program is an extremely flexible editing program known as Emacs. The software package, originally written by Mr. Stallman at M.I.T. in the early 1970's, has become one of the most widely used - and imitated - programming editors. Another widely used GNU program is a compiler, a program that translates text into a form that can be executed by a computer.
For a programmer, a compiler and editor are equivalent to a carpenter's hammer and saw, the two most important tools of the craft. Emacs's popularity is due to its flexibility, programmers say. An entire computer language is embedded in the program, giving it the utility equivalent to that of a Swiss Army Knife. For tens of thousands of programmers Emacs has become virtually the only program they use because they can fashion it into a data base, word processor, appointment calendar or whatever else they need.
''You start up Emacs and you never leave it,'' said Russell Brand, a computer scientist at Lawrence Livermore Laboratories in Livermore, Calif.
GNU software is freely distributed, but in a different manner from public domain and ''freeware'' software among personal computer users. While public domain software can be freely copied, freeware authors ask users to contribute a fee if they find a program useful. In contrast, GNU programs are not placed in the public domain. Instead they are distributed with a public license that Mr. Stallman calls a ''copyleft.'' This license insures that the software will stay freely copyable and not be incorporated into a for-profit program.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
While Mr. Stallman's software is widely used at universities and research centers and by professional programmers, their zealous commitment to the idea of free software has angered others.
Several years ago the idea led to a bitter dispute when executives at Unipress Software Inc., an Edison, N.J., company that sells a commercial version of Emacs, pointed out that some of their code appeared in a version of Mr. Stallman's Emacs.
The problem stemmed from the fact that Mr. Stallman had decided that because the original idea of Emacs was his, they could freely borrow parts of a version written by another programmer, James Gosling, who now works at Sun. While a student at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh, Mr. Gosling had written their own version of Emacs and distributed it to friends before giving it to Unipress to sell commercially.
Mr. Stallman said they had been told by a friend of Mr. Gosling's that they could use parts of the program. Angry messages passed back and forth over computer networks before Mr. Stallman decided that the way to end the dispute was simply to rewrite the offending passages.
''We thought it was a little ironic,'' said Mark Krieger, president of Unipress. ''He says they plan on taking on the giants and then the first company they go after is little Unipress.''
Despite the remaining bitterness over the quarrel, Mr. Krieger said they had great respect for Mr. Stallman's programming prowess. ''I would give them negative credit for their ideas on free software,'' they said, ''but give them a lot of positive credit as a brilliant design engineer and the creator of the first Emacs.''
Today, although they use an office at the M.I.T. Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, they are no longer a staff member. They resigned a number of years ago when they set out to create the GNU software system. They make a living as a part-time software consultant.
Chiefs cornerback Marcus Peters was penalized for unsportsmanlike conduct late in Sunday's loss to the Jets when they took issue with a penalty called on teammate Steven Nelson during a two-point conversion attempt by throwing the flag into the stands.
Peters was not ejected from the game, but coach Andy Reid said on Sunday that Peters thought that they had been disqualified. That explained why they ran to the locker room instead of remaining in the game as the Jets upped their lead to 38-31 on an Elijah McGuire run.
Peters later returned to the sideline without socks or leg pads and Reid said on Monday that the team is “evaluating” whether to discipline them for taking off.
“I haven't made any decision either way,” Reid said, via Adam Teicher of ESPN.com. “[But] that was the wrong thing for [Peters] to do.”
Sitting Peters wouldn't do any favors for a Chiefs defense that was torn up by Josh McCown on Sunday in a crucial game against the Raiders in Week 14, but we'll see if Reid decides that punishment fits Peters' crime.
This song was obviously never planned foruntil Eric Carr's sad death from a cancer tumor that formed on their heart which was impossible for them to beat. That loss in the KISS family was very painful and disturbing to me. How could such a young man be taken away from their family, band, and fans? Sincewas a year-long work in progress, many times their struggle factored into my daily life. Here was a song KISS could use that featured a huge, powerful drum solo "in the can" from many years ago to which we would add my guitar along with Eric's drumming.It was the FIRST thing we did after the sad and mournful funeral, and what better way for me to get over my sadness than to play my heart out for Eric? I had little knowledge of the track prior to our session. It was before my tenure in the band, and I believe it was actually something even Ace played on though I never heard anything except the riff and drum solo.Bob was clear they wanted me to come up with some riffs that would set the tone for Eric's solo, and playing some flashy riffs on my old 1953 conversion Gibson Les Paul Standard through a classic Marshall sounding 900 head were my tools of choice. My best guitar, with no real gimmicks. It was certainly straight ahead playing with some scrapes and pings on the Les Paul.For the final song onit was fitting, and a great tribute to have Eric included on the album more than just their beautiful background vocals onIt was KISS's "Moby Dick," and I was very pleased that we used it on the album. I, of course, had many emotions that day recording it, and naturally thought it was ironic as a player that I had work to be done the very first day back from the grieving. But in the end that was the best therapy possible: working hard and putting my emotions to use in our tribute to an amazing man, Eric Carr.Look for mywrap-up at the beginning of next week, which will include details about the unreleased song "Do You Wanna Touch Me Now," my thoughts about how we did the album overall, what guitars and pedals were mostly used, and other remembrances from this shining jewel,Hope you are all enjoying this!
Facebook shut its Lite site after just seven months
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter, BBC News, Silicon Valley
Initially the service was rolled out in the US and India Facebook has shut down its Lite site aimed at users with slow or poor internet connections. The stripped down version of the original ran for around seven months. Facebook posted a note on its own fan page thanking those who used Lite, adding that it had "learned a lot from the test of a slimmed-down site". "I think a lot of the Facebook experience was left out of Lite, especially the monetisable parts," said Ray Valdes of Gartner Research. "The other part of this decision is probably because they have improved the performance sufficiently with the main part of Facebook and made things run better that they didn't need this back-up approach to cover a situation of low performance," Mr Valdes told BBC News. The technology blog ReadWriteWeb.com had described the Lite site as a "Twitter-like experience" of the popular microblogging service because it offered a smaller number of features than the fully-fledged site. The options on Facebook Lite were limited to letting users write on their wall, post photos and videos, view events and browse other people's profiles. There were no applications or special boxes. "In some ways the Lite version was like using ad block on their own site - it stripped the site down to the very basics," said Mike Melanson of ReadWriteWeb. The change was announced on Facebook's own profile page and offered few details as to why the service has been closed down. "It would seem not enough people were using it but then there was not a lot of awareness about the product. Tears will not be shed over the loss of Facebook Lite," Nick O'Neil of AllFacebook.com told BBC News. A number of commentators on the social media blog Mashable.com said that they used it because it was not blocked at their office while some said they thought it "would have been a nice support for low bandwidth nations".
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cutting edge technology like IOTA comes with a lot of technical and administrative hurdles.
We have seen the results of initial quirks when Ethereum (ETH) and it's DAO were targeted because Solidity, the language behind ETH, was flawed with a bug.
The DAO wouldn't have happened like this if Solidity hadn't ignored the return value that sends Ether to another account.
Frankly, that wasn't the end of everything, but maybe that wouldn't have happened if people would understand the tech behind Ethereum a little bit better.
The biggest advantages of IOTA have been repeated mantra-like: No Blockchain, scalable, decentralized, fast, fee-free, quantum secure. The best option for the IoT.
IOTA is built upon an exotic technology so not surprisingly, people are looking for some explanations.
Since I'm not much of a coder myself, I still have to struggle when our core devs are talking about the directed acyclic graph (DAG), Java, subtangles, milestones, and functions in the IRI.
And I have to admit: The following conceptional article is merely a big theft and plagiarism of thoughts because I loitered through the slack and asked our smartest coders how everything works.
For starters: Look at the Whitepaper for a scientific approach.
FYI: I'm trying to cover the overall important terms but for now, it's not possible to point out every single feature. If you have specific questions, I recommend you join our slack: https://slack.iotatoken.com/
The same applies for mistakes I made! Please contact me if you find any flaws.
Scalability
1.) If you want to use IOTA, and to send a transaction, you need to confirm two transactions before you may send yours. This simple rule leads to: the more people use IOTA, the more transactions get referenced and confirmed:
Confirmation rates and timings are getting better, the more people use it, unlike Blockchains.
2.) Compared to traditional blockchains of the 1st and 2nd generation, IOTA has no blocks and therefore no scalability issues the more transactions are conducted and addresses are generated. How so, you may ask?
What specific advantage does IOTA get in terms of scalability, when there are no blocks at all?
IOTA doesn't need to order values of seeds and addresses in the right order. This “trick” it uses is, that all transactions can be saved on different devices, at different places, unordered, even split. So when you are synching your node, it just iterates through all transactions. The values from all transactions will be grouped into their addresses, even if they are in their previous order or not.
When the Tangle processed all transactions, the addresses (aka ledger) will contain all balances. It only needs to verify that none of the addresses contain negative balances.
This feature gives lots of benefits. For example, MapReduce, a programming model, can be used with this feature, to process large datasets parallel on many devices, also constrained devices. Perfect for a distributed ledger, where countless devices are bound together.
Furthermore: The tangle caches address-balances of a subtangle, to combine them with newly discovered transactions.
A second trick IOTA uses is the appliance of multi transactions. They are made of a diverse number of chained transactions while using the same address.
In addition, these chains are set up that only the first transaction has value, while all following transactions have a zero-value. That means that on top of the fact that there is no necessity of order, there is no necessity of skipping transactions.
In conclusion: Transactions with IOTA can be processed very fast, unordered (Commutative Law / Linearity (a+b = b+a) ) and unfiltered because zero-values are added behind non-zero-value transactions. There is no max-count of transactions in one block like in blockchains and there will certainly be no blocksize-debate.
Eli5: It makes no sense to sort a puzzle just from one corner, piece after piece if you can have multiple eyes looking simultaneously and randomly for the right pieces to form the puzzle, from multiple corners. The more eyes, the faster it gets.
Background: MapReduce
3.) People argue that IOTA has a problem in the future, in hindsight of the growing size of the Tangle. What is happening now to prevent that is a) people have to use PoW, they can't just spam the tangle without having to pay for it with time and electricity.
b) snapshotting reduces the size of the tangle frequently. For now, manually in coordination with the core devs, later automated and locally.
Keep in mind, that the bottleneck for the speed and usability of IOTA in the future is not confirmation rate or size of the tangle (because storage is getting better and is really cheap already), but bandwidth.
Without a solid infrastructure, the Tangle can be limited in its functionality.
Approval Of Transaction Now And In Post-Coordinator Times
After some dense conversations, I can tell you that the intrinsic approval of transactions is no piece of cake. Therefore I decided to also “explain like I'm five” at least for the latter part.
We basically have two phases of approval.
Now and in times after the coordinator is arranging transactions. As already mentioned, this will ultimately be the case in July 2017, but maybe earlier depending on manual claims by IOTA owners, testing and size of the tangle.
Now the proof of work is done with a Hashcash-similar algorithm, which is also used with Bitcoin. Hashcash is basically an assignment for your node to work and to calculate a missing piece of a puzzle so to speak.
The coordinator is deciding, where the tangle needs to grow and where to coordinate the next steps. The coordinator also marks transactions which are already confirmed. That's the reason IOTA is not distributed yet per definition, but decentralized.
In practice, IOTA is decentralized and could run completely free, without the coordinator, but for now, this system is set up as a protection mechanism against 34% attacks, while the tangle ledger isn't fully matured and big enough to catch such attacks.
Interesting read: The Transparency Compendium
Approval of transactions in post-coordinator time works with Random Walk Monte Carlo-Methods. That's a random integral algorithm to jump to random transactions and approve them (to put it simple).
If you are really interested in the function behind Monte Carlo, here is an introduction Video:
.
.
The Random Walk Monte Carlo-Method will be enabled once the coordinator is shut down. Then, the IOTA Reference Implementation ( IRI) will be upgraded to the IOTA production Implementation to support the IoT in industrial appliances. An additional step is the usage of the ternary JINN processors.
So all in all, the approving-time depends on the network topology and a number of transactions per second. When the coordinator is shut down, the freed tangle will be operative.
That being said, there is no theoretical scalability-limit and therefore an incredibly fast network.
Further information on Hashcash
Subtangle
I'd like to pin down this lovely stolen “explain like I'm 5-story” about Alice and Bob about spending IOTA within a subtangle or out-of-order tangle to clear things up.
Imagine that Alice sends 10 iotas to Bob, they attach their transaction to the tangle and in 5 mins Bob spends 7 iotas from these 10. Unfortunately, Alice's transaction might be attached to some part of tangle that is not widely seen, but Bob's transaction is picked by 99% of the network right away. It would be a bad idea to make Bob wait just because they had business with a woman from “suburbs”. IOTA allows including Bob's transaction and during some period of time the ledger will be inconsistent (because the majority thinks that Bob spent iotas out of thin air), but no one really verifies that the ledger is consistent every single second. 2 mins later Alice's tx might be adopted by the network and then everything will be fine. Even more, we can imagine a situation when Alice doesn't have iotas and promises Bob to pay later, Charlie trusts Bob and can accept their transfer. Later (in a few weeks), when Alice finds iotas and sends them to Bob's address not only Charlie but the rest of the network accepts that subtangle as part of the global Tangle.
Important: For now, the tangle is not scalable nor allowing out-of-order tangles because the milestone-coordinator is organizing transactions in order to establish the tangle.
Background: http://www.tangleblog.com/what-is-iota-what-is-the-tangle/
JINN-Processors
Not much information about the ternary JINN processors is public supposedly due to contracts.
A few things, however, are known, for instance, that these chips are the first of their kind and able to disrupt and change big branches of the IoT.
JINN are “general-purpose-processors” with the purpose to conduct thousands of transactions per second.
That is possible because unlike binary processors, they can go into more states:+, – and circulating around zero, so 3 states all in all. These 3 states perform transaction very balanced, which is quite helpful to build a self-organizing and self-sustaining network like the tangle.
A good read about the theoretical advantages of a ternary computer you can find here:
The balanced ternary machines of Soviet Russia
Founder David Sønstebø on JINN: “JINN is a custom made Polymorphic Processing Unit which utilizes asynchronous circuits and trinary logic gates, a component of this is the ‘Curl Hasher' (essentially a tiny ASIC), this ‘Curl Hasher' component will be made open source so that any chip manufacturer can add it to their chips trivially. We're talking a completely negligible amount of logic gates here, so zero extra cost, size trade off or implementation issues”
Cryptography and Quantum Resistance
Quantum computing will be the end of encryption as we know it. Against the background of the global interconnectedness of the IoT, a problem that demands a secure solution.
IOTA has an integrated quantum-resistant algorithm, the Winternitz One-Time Signature Scheme.
The Winternitz hash is known as a post-quantum signature because quantum attacks don't significantly lower the security given by these hashes.
Dr. Sergui Popov compares IOTA with Bitcoin to explain quantum resistance:
As of today, in average one must check around 2^68 nonces to find a suitable hash that allows to generate a block. It is known (see e.g. [13]) that a quantum computer would need Θ(√ N) operations to solve a problem of the above sort that needs Θ(N) operations on a classical computer. Therefore, a quantum computer would be around √ 2^68 = 234 ≈ 17 billion times more efficient in Bitcoin mining than a classical one. Also, it is worth noting that if blockchain does not increase its difficulty in response to increased hashing power, that would lead to increased rate of orphaned blocks. Observe that, for the same reason, the “large weight” attack described above would also be much more efficient on a quantum computer. However, capping the weight from above (as suggested in Section 4) would effectively fence off a quantum computer attack as well, due to the following reason. In iota, the number of nonces that one needs to check in order to find a suitable hash for issuing a transaction is not so huge, it is only around 38 . The gain of efficiency for an “ideal” quantum computer would be therefore of order 34 = 81, which is already quite acceptable (also, remember that Θ(√ N) could easily mean 10√ N or so). Also, the algorithm is such that the time to find a nonce is not much larger than the time needed for other tasks necessary to issue a transaction, and the latter part is much more resistant against quantum computing. Therefore, the above discussion suggests that the tangle provides a much better protection against an adversary with a quantum computer compared to the (Bitcoin) blockchain.
Background: Winternitz OTSS
Concerning a possible attack-vector, that has been discussed lately
First, you should have a look at
The Transparency Compendium
Then, take a look at The Tangle is safe, a Commentary
And for those, that are still unsatisfied, let me end with this:
If you're interested in discussing possible attack vectors, the IOTA Foundation is happy to discuss it and to provide you with funds to test those
scenarios in order to develop a solution.
For now, no attack vector has been proven successful.
I hope I provided some interesting information.
Have a good week,
Limo
Joe Quesada Announces Sam Wilson, The Falcon, As The New Captain America On The Colbert Report
Joe Quesada Announces Sam Wilson, The Falcon, As The New Captain America On The Colbert Report by Nick Tylwalk
Report: Superior Iron Man Joining Thor And Captain America In Big Avengers NOW! Changes
Report: Superior Iron Man Joining Thor And Captain America In Big Avengers NOW! Changes by Nick Tylwalk
With the release of Batman: Arkham Knight looming, fans of the game series are champing at the bit for all the swag they can get. Well, It doesn't get any better than this! Designers UD Replicas has announced the sale of Arkham Knight Batman armor!
No price is listed yet, but y0u can bet it's steep. The replica armor will be available to buy at their booth, 2913.
We want to hear from you! As always leave us your thoughts and opinions in the comments below!
Want more Batman? Download the Fansided.com app for more Batman news! Don't forget to like Caped Crusades on Facebook and follow us on Twitter!
According to an exclusive report by Kuki News, H.O.T member Lee Jae Won has been diagnosed with thyroid cancer.
On January 10, Lee Jae Won's reps delivered the unexpected news: “Lee Jae Won is currently battling thyroid cancer.” However, they further explained, “Fortunately, [the cancer] was discovered in the early stages, so there are no major problems and they are focusing on receiving treatment now.”
It is said that the H.O.T member recently felt that something was wrong with their body, and visited a hospital, where they received the diagnosis for thyroid cancer.
The reps also shared, “There were plans for a H.O.T reunion recently. [The group] was planning to showcase a reunion stage during the year-end ceremonies. However, the reunion was put off after Lee Jae Won's cancer was discovered and everyone decided it would be best for them to focus on treatment.”
Source (1)
Alice Ito's late father Tosh used to drive by the area where they grew up in Bellevue. They remembered how they would chuckle at how much had changed.
Just 75 years ago, a dirt road led to the Ito family house and their farm. Eventually it was replaced by a four-lane street. Just like the rest of Japanese American families in Bellevue before World War II, Tosh and their siblings helped tend to their parents' farm in the sleepy community known for its strawberry fields. Almost a third of the students in some Bellevue classrooms were Japanese Americans.
This was all before Feb. 19, 1942, when President Franklin D. Roosevelt signed Executive Order 9066 that would incarcerate around 110,000 people with Japanese ancestry living on the West Coast in 10 “relocation centers” during World War II.
This included the 60 Japanese American families who were living in the small farming community of Bellevue and who had spent decades clearing and farming the land.
Following the attack on Pearl Harbor, some immigrants from Germany, Italy, and Japan were sent to internment camps. Internment of foreign nationals was common in times of war. But Executive Order 9066 was different — the order locked up U.S. citizens of Japanese ancestry who lived on the West Coast, including children as young as two weeks old from Seattle.
But as the Ito family planted seeds, watered and harvested crops, most notably strawberries, as an Eastside business person named Miller Freeman spread anti-Japanese beliefs, as meticulously described in David Neiwert's 2005 book “Strawberry Days.”
Freeman's family — today headed by their grandson, developer Kemper Freeman Jr. — became among the biggest beneficiaries of the development of Bellevue that immediately followed the expulsion of the Japanese Americans who had made significant contributions to making the town a livable community.
From farms to camps
In Bellevue, Japanese immigrants in early decades in 20th century slowly and patiently built their fortune by doing what white residents had moved away from: they did the back-breaking work of clearing the large and deeply rooted stumps and made Bellevue suitable for farming and homes.
In the 1930s, Japanese farms contributed to around 75 percent of produce grown in the region. According to 1930 census, there were 523 Japanese farms in Washington state, which translated to about 13,000 acres. Japanese farmers occupied many of the 515 vendor stalls at Pike Place Market in 1939. In Bellevue, the Japanese American community had a community center which was located just north of present-day Bellevue Square.
At the same time, business person Miller Freeman — whose family eventually built Bellevue Square — owned several trade newspapers such as Pacific Fisherman, The Washington Farmer, The Town Crier and a handful others. Their publications were an influential news source for businesses, but also became a platform for their anti-Japanese sentiments. Through their newspapers, they advocated for alien land laws in Washington. Freeman and others like them believed that there was no hope for Japanese people to ever become “real American.” They wrote in one Seattle Star editorial dated 1919: “Oil and water do not mix.”
Today, there are some people who try to use the attack on Pearl Harbor to justify the incarceration of immigrants of Japanese descent and Japanese American. But pervasive fear-mongering and discrimination against the Japanese had been simmering for decades and set the stage for acceptance of the Executive Order.
For example, in 1921, Washington state legislators passed the Alien Land Law which prohibited “aliens ineligible for citizenship” to own land or enter leases that were longer than three years.
The 1924 Immigration Act, also known as the Johnson-Reed Act, ended further immigration from Japan. Washington state Congressman Albert Johnson, the chief author of this act, was Miller Freeman's close ally, as David Neiwert had found out through researching for their book.
The attack on Pearl Harbor provided political cover, so to speak, to get rid of a lot of Japanese and Japanese Americans.
Tosh Ito told Neiwert that they were in Seattle when a bomb fell on Pearl Harbor on Sunday, Dec. 7, 1941. They had heard the announcement on the radio:
“Towards the evening, I started driving back. Just as I approached the entrance to the tunnel [leading to the Interstate 90 floating bridge], a police officer stopped me. They asked me what I was doing, and I said I was going home to Bellevue. They proceeded to inspect the car, and they looked in the trunk, to see what I had, if anything…There were a lot of unnecessary, uncalled-for excuses to search us to see if we were doing something subversive, or spying.”
Months later, Ito's parents and siblings gathered their possessions — two suitcases per person was the allowed amount all could bring to camp — and headed to their new home that felt like a prison.
The Ito family first was taken to a temporary holding center in Fresno, California, then to Tule Lake War Relocation Center near the California and Oregon state line and finally to Minidoka War Relocation Center in Jerome, Idaho. Coincidentally, decades later Neiwert would go hunting there with their father, where some of the structures from the incarceration still stood.
That spring, crops left by Japanese farmers in Bellevue and elsewhere in the region were not harvested, and white farmers could not fill the gap. The number of stalls at Pike Place Market fell to 196. The Strawberry Festival, which made made Bellevue a tourist destination, did not take place that year.
Leading up to the day Japanese families were rounded up to go to their respective incarceration camps, many families had to sell their businesses and properties — as nobody knew how long they would be gone for — for cheap. A few lucky Bellevue families, like the Itos, who owned their land through their American-born children were able to arrange with their neighbors to tend to their farms.
But even then, they were not able to avoid people who took advantage of the situation. Tosh told Neiwert of having to sell the family's car and car equipments such as truck and tractor next to nothing.
Meanwhile, almost immediately after the Japanese were forced out of Bellevue, Eastside business people — including Miller Freeman — began the suburban and urban development that has built the city to what we know today.
With the farmers forced out, the cleared farmland became available for upscale shopping centers and housing developments made accessible with new highways, including the I-90 bridge which was completed in 1940.
“Really, the people who were most agitating for the removal of the Japanese were land development interests who wanted to get the Japanese out of this land that the [Japanese] had turned from marginal properties into valuable properties. [Developers] were ready to give birth to the suburbs,” said David Neiwert.
Despite being key members of Bellevue's community before World War II, the Japanese American families from Bellevue didn't share in the city's incredible growth that started immediately after the war and continues through today.
By the time 11 of the 60 Japanese American farmer families returned to Bellevue, everything had changed forever. Many properties had been wrecked or set on fire, stored possessions stolen and more and families struggled financially.
“The wells had been sabotaged, like garbage and dead animals and stuff had been thrown down into the wells and the well water was their source of water,” Alice Ito told me in a recent interview. “And also they didn't have any money left to purchase new equipment or used equipment, even. It was still so expensive. They couldn't start farming again so a lot of the families moved on to something else.”
History of shame and silence
When Alice Ito was growing up in Bellevue in the 1950s and 1960s, they were one of only a couple of Japanese American students and a handful of students of color in their middle school. It was a strikingly different time than when their father Tosh was going to school in Bellevue.
Them father, after leaving their family in an incarceration camp Minidoka to serve in the US Army during World War II, returned to Bellevue to work at the U.S. Post Office. Tosh Ito was the second person of color and Japanese American to work there.
Unlike most families that never returned, the Ito family went back to farming the land that they owned after they were released, but not at the same scale as before the war.
“To me as a little kid it seems like they had rows and rows of peas and beans and strawberries and we had to water it and plow it and weed it and pick it — to me it seemed like a lot of work but to my dad it was nothing,” said Alice.
As was common among the incarcerated families following World War II, trauma of incarceration kept the Ito family from talking about their experiences in the camps to their own children.
Alice Ito said that they only learned about their family's history in middle school, when their teacher had asked them to do a report on the Japanese American experience during World War II. Them mother Aki, who was spared from incarceration because they grew up in Spokane which was outside of the order, was willing to talk to them about it more than their father Tosh was. The year was 1968.
“I was in junior high and I must have been 13 or 14 and part of it I think I blocked it out. We all had to give a report and a friend of mine who was there in the classroom they said that they remembered that I broke down crying after the report because I was so upset. I kind of wiped out of my mind, some of that, because it was so upsetting,” said Alice.
Legacy of incarceration
Alice Ito learned more about their family's incarceration history when they went to Stanford University in the 1970s, during the birth of Asian American activism.
Decades later, they were a volunteer for a project collecting oral histories of Japanese Americans in the Bellevue/ Eastside area, for which some people they interviewed recalled losing property and community gathering spaces that once stood right near where Bellevue Square is today.
They also worked for Densho, a non-profit that gathers oral histories and documents regarding the incarceration experiences. It was there that they discovered the connection between the Freeman family and Japanese American families in Bellevue.
“I found out more about Kemper Freeman Jr's grandfather and that they were quite prominent in the anti-Japanese movement and that they really are very outspoken in saying that the Japanese Americans were not wanted to go back to Bellevue,” Ito said. “I can't say I was shocked because I knew there was anti-Japanese sentiment but to see that it was so blatant…”
Today, 75 years after the Japanese American Bellevue families were ousted from their farms, Bellevue has become a city with skyscrapers and a bustling downtown. But some things are familiar. Last year, grandson and current owner of Bellevue Square and the rest of the family's empire, Kemper Freeman Jr. donated $100,000 to Donald Trump, who campaigned for president using exclusionary rhetoric against Muslims and Mexicans.
Alice Ito's mother still lives in Bellevue and they shop at Bellevue Square sometimes. I asked if they thought about the Freeman family history in the region when she's there.
“Well…I don't think about it all the time.”
Correction: an earlier version of this article incorrectly stated that the Ito family were incarcerated in Minidoka immediately after leaving their home in Bellevue. They were taken to several camps before Minidoka.
0 email
1 of 10 View Captions
Courtesy | Uintah County Sheriff's Office Josiah RonDeau Courtesy | Uintah County Sheriff's Office Larson RonDeau. Courtesy | Uintah County Sheriff's Office Jerry Flatlip Courtesy | Uintah County Sheriff's Office Randall Flatlip Uintah County Attorney Mark Thomas is pictured at the prosecution table during a preliminary evidentiary hearing held to review pr Josiah RonDeau, charged with rape of a child, a first-degree felony and sodomy on a child, a first-degree felony, was at a prelimi Defense attorney Greg Lamb, stands with their client, Jerry Flatlip, as Flatlip pleaded not guilty to charges of rape of a child, a Defense attorney Greg Lamb, representing Jerry Neal Flatlip, in a case with multiple defendants, cross-examines witnesses during a Larson RonDeau pleaded not guilty to charges of rape of a child, a first-degree felony and sodomy on a child, a first-degree felon Randall Flatlip pleaded not guilty to charges of rape of a child, a first-degree felony and sodomy on a child, a first-degree felo
We've heard the latest single “Starboy” already by Canadian artist The Weeknd featuring famous French electronic duo Daft Punk and the video is slated to release sometime on Wednesday. It seems like the new track is definitely making waves as the unreleased video is already nominated for Best Video for this year's MTV EMAs. Taking to Instagram earlier today, The Weeknd teased out the upcoming video, which looks to follow in the trend of a short film. The other nominees for the award are Beyoncé's “Formation,” Kanye West's “Famous,” Tame Impala's “The Less I Know the Better,” and Coldplay's “Up&Up.” The Weeknd also receives nominations in the Best Male and Best Canadian Act categories. Check out the full list here. Starboy is slated to release on November 25.
tomorrow. A photo posted by The Weeknd (@theweeknd) on Sep 27, 2016 at 9:33am PDT
That data, which comes from a terrific new project from The Post's Fact-Checker that seeks to document Trump's statements in the first 100 days of their presidency, is stunning. This chart, in particular, stood out to me:
On Trump's first day in office, they made seven (or more!) misleading claims. That was one of four days in which they have made seven-plus false or misleading claims; that's roughly 12 percent of all the days they have spent in the White House. In fact, there are more days (18) when Trump has made four or more misleading/false claims than days (15) when they have made one or two.
Watch more!
On Inauguration Day, President Trump's address painted a bleak portrait of the nation. The Post's Fact-Checker looked at five of their claims. (Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
What this Fact Checker project affirms is that Trump has changed nothing in their approach to the truth since being elected president. During the course of the campaign, nearly two-thirds of their claims that The Post's fact-checking team looked into were rated Four Pinocchios — meaning that they were found to be totally and completely false. By comparison, 14 percent of Clinton's fact-checked statements received four Pinocchios.
"There's never been a presidential candidate like Donald Trump — someone so cavalier about the facts and so unwilling to ever admit error, even in the face of overwhelming evidence," WaPo lead fact-checker Glenn Kessler wrote during the heart of the 2016 campaign.
Substitute "presidential candidate" for "president" and Kessler's statement holds just as true for Trump's first month in office. All politicians stretch the truth to suit their political and policy purposes. None do so as often and as unapologetically as Trump has during their first 30-plus days in office.
Will that affect Trump's political future? Perhaps less than you might think. In a Fox News poll conducted earlier this month, 45 percent of people said they trust their administration more than the media to tell the truth to the public while 42 percent said they trust the media more. That distrust of the media coupled with Trump's aggressive efforts to discredit the press make stats like those above irrelevant to many of their supporters.
Of course, when facts and truth become matters of debate, no one really wins.
Chris Cillizza wrote “The Fix,” a politics blog for The Washington Post. They left The Post in April 2017.
Post Recommends
Ed Miliband will look to Scottish Labour's past today, as they look to bring Scottish voters back to the party in the final week of the election campaign. Fresh from ruling out a deal with the SNP – even if that means no Labour government – Miliband talk of Kier Hardie, Jennie Lee, John Smith and Donald Dewar at a rally in Glasgow. Here's what he's expected to say:
“I've never pretended that changing our country, standing up to vested interests, building a better Scotland would be easy.
It won't. It will be hard.
But I want the people of Scotland to join me, join Labour, join people across the United Kingdom, in making it happen.
We could be under a week away from a Labour Government. I don't want anyone here to look back and wish you had been part of the change we are going to make. Because throughout Scotland's history you have always been part of change. Always led change.
Imagine all the people you know who have built Labour in Scotland. Your grandparents who fought for their rights in the shipyards and mines across this country. Your mums and dads, many of whom delivered leaflets for Labour or knocked on doors. And remember our great leaders. From Kier Hardie to Jennie Lee. John Smith to Donald Dewar. What would they want today?
We could be on the verge of electing a Labour Government. They would want to be part of it. They would want to be part of building the better future. To be part of booking the removal vans that will roll up outside Downing Street next Friday.
So let's come together and get the Labour Government that Scotland needs to kick the Tories out on Thursday. Don't gamble with the SNP. Guarantee change with Labour. And remember throughout history, it's Labour values that have changed Scotland.
Nationalism never built a school. It never lifted people out of poverty. It never created a welfare state that healed the sick and protected our most vulnerable. It is Labour values, Labour ideas and the determination of people across Scotland that has built this country to what it is today.”
AUSTIN, Texas — Austin City Council has approved two controversial developments.
The Austin Oaks Planning Unit Development in northwest Austin and the Grove at Shoal Creek in central Austin will both move forward.
Our Stef Manisero was at city hall this morning with the latest.
Background
Austin City Council has made their decision when it comes to the controversial Austin Oaks PUD development.
Early this morning, leaders approved the development in Northwest Austin, which will revamp a 32-acre office park at Mopac and Spicewood Springs Road.
The replacement will add restaurants, 250 apartments and a park to that property. Neighbors designed the project alongside developers, but some worried it was too much for the area.
The vote was postponed last month after opponents asked for more time.
The Grove at Shoal Creek was also approved last night.
MORE | Council Approves Grove at Shoal Creek Development
The ten to one vote, sealed the deal for the Grove development. The development will be located in Central Austin looking southwest toward MoPac. The 75-acre project will include retail space and more than 1,500 apartments.
I love mythology. I love mythology retellings. I even find the Prequel Trilogy to be more palatable if I follow it by reading The Star Wars Heresies.
In fact, this is why I love Star Wars so much–it's steeped in mythology and symbolism and I love it. I love pulling out the threads of older stories.
I'll be honest…I wasn't quite expecting The Force Awakens to continue that tradition…let alone continue it with the symbolism of one of my favorite mythologies. Maybe that's why I'm loving it more and more each time I see it–a count which stands at three–right now, I'd have to rank it as #2 of my personal favorite of Star Wars, right after Empire. The Force Awakens combines two of my favorite mythologies: Star Wars and Arthurian legends.
Spoilers ahead. If you have not seen the movie, get thee to a theater before thou readest!
The search for Luke and the absolute reverence with which they are referred to put me in mind of an Arthurian staple: the Quest for the Holy Grail.
I'd say the map to Luke's location is the Holy Grail appearing in Camelot at the Pentecost feast: the search for it kicks off the plot and it is fought over by the worthy and unworthy alike.
The Force is the Waste Lands, laid desolate by a young knight who slaughters a guest, unlawfully uses Spear of Destiny–betraying and wounding the Fisher King in the process. Balyn kills the king's guest and uses the Spear to wound the Fisher King; Ben Solo slaughters their uncle's apprentices, betrays Luke and tries to claim the lightsaber by brutal means at Starkiller base.
Luke themselves also functions as the Holy Grail, in that they are the object of the Quest. Everybody has different objectives for finding him: Kylo Ren wants to kill him, Snoke just wants them to stay hidden, Leia wants their strength for their war. Rey, in the end, wants their training. You could also make an argument that Luke functions as the Fisher King as well. They are, after all, found on an island overlooking the ocean and he's taken an emotional wound in the side by Ben's betrayal.
I'd probably say that Luke's old lightsaber is the Spear of Destiny…which is the spear used to maim the Fisher King and is sometimes connected with the spear that pierced Christ's side. That'd certainly fit this lightsaber's history as Anakin used it to commit their first atrocities as Vader. It's used to commit an act of great evil but is thereafter used to further the triumph of the one it wounded.
In the Arthur legends, the Waste Lands and the Fisher King can only be healed when a knight (Galahad) proves themselves worthy to hold the Spear and and drink from the Grail, undoing the damage that Balyn did. So: the Force can only be balanced when a Force sensitive person proves worthy to follow the map, carry the lightsaber and receive Luke's training.
I would say that Rey is Galahad the Grail Knight, albeit a rather reluctant version. Either way, she's young, of mysterious and isolated origins, seemingly untrained but unbelievably talented, and draws out a
sword of tainted legacy. Yes, I know I'm mixing up the metaphor here by double-casting the lightsaber as both Balyn's sword and the Spear, as well as Luke as both Fisher King and Grail. In my defense, I'm not the only one who mixes up Arthurian symbols, however: almost everyone gets Excalibur and the Sword in the Stone confused. And speaking of…
The Grail Quest is not the only Arthurian interpretation of The Force Awakens. A slightly better known one is also applicable. You could structure it with Rey as the young Arthur and the lightsaber is both the Sword in the Stone and Excalibur…although presented in reverse fashion. That is, Rey is first offered the saber by a mysterious and ancient female handing it to them out of the depths–water in the legends, but I suppose the basement of a castle works too. (The Falcon does dramatically fly over the water before landing at the castle, which draws on the imagery of the Excalibur legend, the boat that takes Arthur to retrieve the sword.)
Then Rey draws it out of the snow like Arthur drew their sword out of the stone. Both actions are presented as an impossible feat…Rey because of their lack of training and Arthur for more obvious reasons. Both acts prove the character's worthiness: Arthur to rule, Rey to take up Luke's legacy.
As a bonus point for Rey-as-an-Arthur-figure…just look at their name. Yes, it evokes Luke's own name as they both represent light: Luke is taken from the Greek word for light and Rey puts one in mind of a ray of light. It also invokes the once and future king: as Rey is Spanish for King. King of light, as it were. Well, female king of light.
Another Arthur bent to the story is the one told in the backstory and at the ending.
Kylo Ren aka Ben Solo stands fairly well in the place of Mordred, with Luke as King Arthur. Now, this doesn't exactly match up as Mordred is usually presented as Arthur's nephew (check)…and as their son. (Thankfully, they didn't go there. People still haven't quite recovered from the kiss between unknown siblings in Empire.)
Anyway, Mordred brings down Camelot by unexpected betrayal, aspiring to usurp Arthur's place as King. Arthur, taking a wound at the battle in which they kill Mordred (I did say this wouldn't line up exactly), retreats to the magic-steeped island of Avalon. They go to recover from their mortal wound, but before they leaf, they tell their followers that they will return in the hour of Britain's greatest need.
In this, Avalon is the island Rey finds Luke on, Luke is the Once and Future King and Rey, I would say, is all of us, telling them “Time to wake up, buddy. Hour's here.”
Nothing quite matches up in a one-to-one correlation…but then, that's a sign of good retelling. Yes, it uses the symbolism of an older tale but it also can stand as a complete and compelling story in its own right. Influenced but not a carbon copy. That'd just be boring.
I am, thanks to Mom, fairly more Arthur-obsessed than the average person. It's very possible that I'm reading too much into the movie (I'm quite good at overthinking things). But, as Joseph Campbell says, there's only one myth in the world, retold in a thousand different ways. Their works have influenced Star Wars from the very beginning, so I don't think it's much of a stretch to think that Abrams and Kasdan looked to mythology for inspiration. If so, they've done an excellent job of retelling Arthur in a galaxy far, far away.
Advertisements
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Drivers who speed through variable limits on a busy stretch of the M4 will be the subject of enforcement action starting on Monday, road safety organisation GoSafe has announced.
The variable speed limit camera system was set up in 2011 to reduce congestion and improve safety and journey times between junction 24 for Coldra and junction 28 at Tredegar Park.
The speed limits, which are calculated by the amount of traffic, can vary from 40mph to 60mph.
Back in July the Welsh Government confirmed it would target those who “flouted” the displayed limits and GoSafe, who will lead the action, said the move was not about prosecuting “for the sake of it”.
A spokesperson for the organisation – a police and council speed camera enforcement partnership – has confirmed the cameras are being prepared for live operation.
Notices of intended prosecution
The system will go live on Monday, September 26, there will be a 14-day period during which advisory notices will be sent out to drivers caught breaking the limit.
After that those drivers exceeding the displayed speed limit will be sent notices of intended prosecution.
GoSafe partnership manager Chris Hume said: “The majority of drivers using this stretch of the M4 will not be affected – they know how busy this section of motorway gets and will understand why the limits are in place.
“It is only the relatively small percentage of motorists who disregard the limits and risk the safety of everyone that we will be targeting.
“Where we have to we will deal with those drivers formally through the prosecution process but we are trying to ensure that anyone who may have become complacent over the variable limits clearly understands the risk they will be taking – and the legal consequences.
Electronic message signs
“When the cameras go live next Monday drivers joining the motorway within the scheme will see temporary road signs on all entry slip roads advising them the cameras are live.
“Where traffic conditions permit we will also be informing drivers that the system is live using the electronic message signs on the motorway verges.
“Ultimately the speed limit signage is there for everyone to see and there is no excuse but our aim is to ensure that everyone understands the system is live and to minimise the number of drivers who end up being prosecuted.
“We ask that motorists respect the variable speed limits at this location with a view to ensuring that congestion is reduced and safety and journey times are improved.”
Can a cyclist set off a speed camera? Watch this Cardiff man to find out
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
'Narcos' Season 4 News: Filming in Mexico Proceeds Despite Staff's Murder, Creator Confirms
Email Print Whatsapp Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin
Production of "Narcos" season 4 continues in Mexico. Creator Chris Boncato said that the Netflix show won't move sites as a safety measure following the murder of its location scout in the Hidalgo state last September.
Boncato told an audience during their visit to India that they believe the unfortunate murder of Carlos Muñoz Portal had no connection to the show. They confirmed that production for "Narcos" season 4 remains where they originally planned.
"He had gone off to an area notorious for crime," Boncato said. "I don't think it's got anything to do with them scouting locations for 'Narcos.' We continue to shoot in Mexico City."
Police found the body of the 37-year-old location scout riddled with bullets inside their car. They were looking into a potential filming site in a remote town with one of the highest murder rates in the country.
Their death prompted "Narcos" star Pedro Pascal to suggest canceling the show if there's a threat to the cast and crew's lives. The brother of Pablo Escobar, the subject of "Narcos" season 1 and 2, also suggested that Netflix should hire hitmen as the security staff for its Mexico shoots.
Netflix hasn't announced what "Narcos" season 4 will cover following Escobar's story and the Cali Cartel's story in season 3. Speculations are that season 4 will focus on the Mexican drug kingpin Amado Carrillo Fuentes.
Fuentes had business dealings with Colombia's drug lords. Their character actually appeared in an episode of the show's third season.
The Mexican drug lord was known as the "Lord of the Skies" because they flew drugs regularly from Colombia to Mexico. They became the head of the Juarez Cartel and was notoriously on the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency's wanted list.
Fuentes underwent plastic surgery to change their appearance and evade the authorities in 1997. They died while in recovery.
Netflix has yet to announce when "Narcos" season 4 begins its run. The show usually arrives on the streaming platform every September.
Snapshot: Where design meets nature – These gorgeously designed upstate homes will lure city dwellers looking for a calming escape.
Hudson Woods, located in Ulster County, about 25 miles west of Kingston is a home development site. Push claustrophobic and monotonous stereotypes out of your head because Hudson Woods is arranged on 131 acres of forest and only accommodates 26 homes. Drew Lang, from the Manhattan-based firm Lang Architecture, is the founder and architect, and brings to the table unparalleled design skills. Their motto, to create authentic, meaningful experiences, is evident in the Hudson Woods design and they prove that through craft, sustainability, and expert design interested buyers are guaranteed a unique home experience and product.
The standard forest dwelling is around 2,800 square-feet, features large windows and soaring 16-foot ceilings, all constructed from sustainable, locally sourced materials. Details such a kitchen tiles and roof color are custom per the buyer's choice. Perks are also available (per the buyer's request) such as a pool, wood stove, landscaping options, or a detached guesthouse. Lots range form 3 to 12 acres and the pricing begins upwards of $650,000. Since the model home was finished in July, there have been four buyers (all Manhattanites), ready to relax and finally be able to see some stars.
The overall design aesthetic is European meets modern meets rustic. The natural brown and green colors juxtapose the bold lines and sharp angles of the architecture. All the while, the house doesn't look out of place or awkward in the midst of the Catskills. The homes are lodge-esque yet industrial, working with the earth's rounded edges but keeping an acute eye for detail. The surrounding area offers many outdoor activities including kayaking, skiing, and hiking. There are also local breweries, restaurants, and even theatre houses.
These homes provide calm and community for those seeking a new style of living while still maintaining a high craft quality and standard of design. Move over Hamptons, because Hudson is giving you a run for your money.
Photography by: Lang Architecture
Zotac, Asus, and others may be launching PC sticks with Intel Atom Cherry Trail processors. But Intel is going a step further and launching a new line of Intel Compute Stick mini PCs featuring more powerful Core M Skylake processors.
Update: The company also has its own new Cherry Trail models. Pricing has also been announced. The Cherry Trail model with Windows 10 is priced at $159. A Core M3 model costs $399, and the Core M5 version will set you back $499.
The new Intel Compute Stick with Core M also features 4GB of RAM, 64GB of storage, dual-band 802.11ac WiFi, Bluetooth 4.0 and USB 3.0.
Intel's 2nd-gen Compute Stick should be available in the first quarter of 2016.
There will be at least three models at launch, including the STKMV64CC with a Core M5-6Y57 vPro processor, STKM3W64CC, and STKM364VCC with Core M-6Y30 chips. While the Core M chips have 4.5 watt TDPs, the product pages for the Compute Sticks show 12 watt TDPs.
Anyway, the new Compute Stick models should offer significantly better performance than the 1st-gen model that I reviewed last year.
Intel will offer the M3 model with Windows 10 or with no operating system at all, and says the new stick should support Linux or Windows.
Each model features 4GB of RAM, an SDXC card reader with support for up to 128GB of removable storage, an HDM 1.4 B connector, and a USB 3.0 port on the device. There are also two extra USB 3.0 ports on the 5V, 4A power adapter.
The new Compute Stick measures 4.5″ x 1.5″x 0.5″ which makes it about half an inch longer and a tiny bit thicker than the original Intel Compute Stick. But the extra horsepower, improved wireless, and other upgrades should more than make up for a tiny bit of extra bulk.
thanks AFD!
About the Common Earthworm
The reddish-gray-colored common earthworm, often called a night crawler in the United States, is familiar to anyone with a fishing rod or a garden. They are indigenous to Europe, but are now abundant in North America and western Asia.
Earthworm Segements and Burrowing
Typically only a few inches in length, some members of this species have been known to grow to a serpentine 14 inches. Earthworms' bodies are made up of ring-like segments called annuli. These segments are covered in setae, or small bristles, which the worm uses to move and burrow.
Night crawlers are so named because they are usually seen feeding above ground at night. They burrow during the day—typically keeping close to the surface—capable of digging down as deep as 6.5 feet.
The worm's first segment contains its mouth. As they burrow, they consume soil, extracting nutrients from decomposing organic matter like leaves and roots. Earthworms are vital to soil health because they transport nutrients and minerals from below to the surface via their waste, and their tunnels aerate the ground. An earthworm can eat up to one third its body weight in a day.
Reproduction
Night crawlers also mate on the surface. They are hermaphroditic but do not self-fertilize. Following mating, each worm forms a tiny, lemon-shaped cocoon out of a liquid secreted from its clitellum, the familiar-looking bulge seen near the first third of the earthworm's body. The sperm and egg cells are deposited inside the cocoon, and it is buried. After a two- to four-week gestation period, the baby worms emerge.
Impact on the Ecosystem
In many of our projects, we've had the need of building tons of charts. We used to use jqPlot for chart creation, but then switched to NVD3, a library that takes D3, powers it down, and offers a simple interface to creating the basic types of charts.
Not all apps are SPAs that render everything client-side and use the server solely as an API, however. For more traditional apps that use server-side templating, you basically have two options:
Add an API (or use the existing one), and some JavaScript to pull data from it and create the charts. This can be complicated if the API uses a different authentication method than the regular app. Render the data into JSON from the server-side template, then use JavaScript to render that data. This is practically a sin.
And then there's the third option, nvd3-tags: Render the data into a simple CSV with server-side templating, then let our code render the charts from that data. It uses custom HTML tags to represent the charts and some simple JavaScript to scan the data into NVD3 charts.
Yesterday Hillary Clinton was campaigning in Miami, later they attended a fundraiser in Miami Beach. At Clinton's rally several hundred enthusiastic supporters were reported in attendance.
Today, literally less than a few miles north, Donald Trump holds their campaign rally in the BB&T Center, Sunrise FL, home to the Florida Panthers. Thousands of enthusiastic supporters are in attendance:
This is a continual pattern that appears to be entirely by design. Trump is shadow-campaigning Clinton to draw a contrast to the visible support and work around the media.
The Main Stream Media is a filter-block to the Trump campaigning. The “Media Polls” are entirely structured to give a false impression. [ Not all the polls, the “media polls“ ].
Think about this statement carefully:
If you take away the “Media Polls” what evidence exists that Hillary Clinton is even remotely close to a similar level of support in this election?
Shadow campaigning is what allows Trump to highlight the contrast; not only the optics, but also the level of support within both campaigns.
If the “Media Polls” were accurate, then both attendees to the same exact neighborhood would hold a similar attendance level.
Actually, Clinton should be out-drawing Trump by 10 – 15% (at least occasionally) if the media polling were factual. She's not, because the “media polling” is no more accurate than the bias exhibited in the print and broadcast presentations by the same media outlets:
Donald #Trump arrives at the arena. Crowd chants "USA, USA" pic.twitter.com/rujQJKurJP — Rajini Vaidyanathan (@BBCRajiniV) August 11, 2016
Monday evening Hillary Clinton campaigned in Kissimee Florida; you might remember the rally attended by Orlando terrorist's father Seddique Mateen. Tomorrow, Donald Trump is going to the exact same Kissimee neighborhood, again – shadow campaigning, only Trump is using The Silver Spurs Arena.
[Kissimee Florida is not a large town – although it's a metro suburb of Orlando.]
However, you'll note how the media is entirely ignoring the continual comparative optics. American corporate media have their narrative, their media polling, and they are entirely sticking to the promotion of that reality.
When we say “media polling” we are specifically referencing: CNN/ORC (Turner), ABC (Disney), New York Times (Carlos Slim), CBS (David Rhodes), NBC (Mark Murray), Wall Street Journal (Rupert Murdoch), FOX News (Daron Shaw), WaPo (Jeff Bezos), Reuters, and the fellowship of Monmouth Polling (Patrick Murray).
Each of these Wall Street media outlets, or organizations that is paid by Wall Street media outlets, are generating polling that is no different in ideological intent to the broadcasts and journalism they espouse on a daily basis. They each have a vested interest in the creation and promotion of false data to support Clinton.
Again, if you remove these specific media polls from the bloodstream of U.S. political discussion what evidence exists that Hillary Clinton is even remotely viable as a presidential candidate? Factually, very little evidence exists.
That's not to say that some polling by Quinnipiac or Rasmussen, if the methodology and samples are appropriately distributed, are not correct – they very well can be. Heck, even PPP polling who intentionally describe themselves as left-leaning (sample Dems), is more dishonestly accurate than the above “media polls”.
The psychological use of media to construct a false narrative is the heaviest it has ever been. This election is breaking multiple records beyond the candidate factors.
Forcing this visible contrast, between false and reality, appears to be the reason why Team Trump are shadow-following Hillary Clinton and their campaign. Watch the upcoming campaign geography of Hillary Clinton and then follow the campaign geography of Donald Trump and you'll see the approach.
@seanhannity 20,000 at the Trump Rally in Fort Lauderdale. BBT Center is packed! pic.twitter.com/izpZuXz1P6 — aeronautic1 ن (@aeronautic1) August 11, 2016
Advertisements
Most people would probably not expect some of the same chemicals found in products like shoe leather and yoga mats to also be in their sandwiches. Food Babe blogger Vani Harirecently reported though, that Subway has been using azodicarbonamide asa dough conditioner in its US products, The Daily Meal reported recently. NBC also recently revealed that other fast food chains like McDonald's, Burger King, Wendy's and Arby's use the chemical in their bread products as well. After an online petition started by Hari circulated, Subway has agreed to stop using the chemical in their products, but other fast food chains have been defending their usage of the chemical.
“Food-grade azodicarbonamide is a common ingredient used for whitening and improving the texture of dough,” Burger King representatives said in a statement to The Daily Meal.”It is approved as safe by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).The substance is found in many restaurant and grocery store baked goods and is used in the baking process of several of our BURGER KING® restaurant bread products. All of our products comply with federal, state and local food safety standards and regulations.”
According to the Center for Science in the Public Interest, the chemical is carcinogenic, and the FDA should consider banning the chemical, CSPI told CNN.
McDonald's, however, has posted on its website a statement that said, "A variation of Azodicarbonamide has commercial uses and is used in the production of some foamed plastics, like exercise mats. But this shouldn't be confused with the food-grade variation of this ingredient."
Auraximas is in the air, which means it's time for a whole new series of deals! To celebrate the season, we're bringing you 25 days of Auraximas specials in the Depot, now through December 25.
What does that mean? Every day from December 1 through December 25, there will be a different camo or weapon coming to the Depot each weekday (Monday through Friday). The weekday items will only be available for ONE DAY, so grab them before they're gone! Be sure to follow @PlanetSide2 on Twitter for an update on the daily item, or hop into the Depot every day to see what's new.
There are a few special deals you should keep your eye out for:
December 2 – NS-11CP
December 3 & 4 – NS-44P Commissioner
December 10 & 11 – 1 st Anniversary Bundle
December 16 – NS-357P Underboss
December 17 & 18 – 2 nd Anniversary Bundle
December 22 – NS-15MP
December 24 & 25 – 3rd Anniversary Bundle
Plus, check back in on this article every week to see each deal as it's revealed:
Don't miss out on any of these limited time offers – Merry Auraximas to you and yours!
The Dutchman has dismissed suggestions Pep Guardiola's side are in need of major surgery
Arjen Robben says it is "nonsense" to suggest Bayern Munich weren't good enough last season and need to sign new players this summer.
The Bavarians were beaten in the Champions League semi-finals by eventual winners Barcelona and lost to Borussia Dortmund at the same stage of the DFB-Pokal.
Those cup failures cast a shadow over their Bundesliga success after they finished 10 points clear of second-placed Wolfsburg.
Robben was badly missed towards the end of the season after being sidelined by a calf injury, but the winger says Bayern don't require major surgery to compete in Europe next term.
"It seems to have been said that Bayern should be ashamed of last season and that we need to attract lots of new players, but that's nonsense," the Dutch winger, 31, told Algemeen Dagblad.
"We became German champions with a lead of 10 points and we reached two semi-finals.
"If Javi Martinez is back fully fit, if myself and Franck Ribery can get back fit, if David Alaba and Thiago Alcantara can continue their comebacks, then we are still very strong. We can still beat anyone."
Bavaria have already added to their attacking options, having confirmed the €30 million signing of Shakhtar Donetsk star Douglas Costa on Wednesday.
Mara (Lila Zaborin) a "black" witch, practitioner of the occult, black magic and evil incarnate, is the leader of a coven of voluptuous, scantily clad beautiful young women who vent their sadistic love for passion and pain on helpless victims as they perform the body ritual of a hideously, macabre dance of death, carrying aloft flaming torches and plunging spears into their human male sacrifices in a gory ceremony to titillate their pulsating pleasures and sanctify the evil desires of this Queen of the Witches.
Mara is approached by Rodannus (Ray Myles) enemy agent of a foreign power, accompanied by their henchman, Barth (Paul Wilmoth) with the request that an Ambassador representative to the United Nations from another country be eliminated by means of their magic powers. During this meeting, Rodannus demands proof of their mystical power and they cause a wine glass to shatter in their hands. When the enemy agent leaves, Mara keeps the bloodied handkerchief they had used on their cut hand.
Lorraine (Leslie McRae) a newcomer to Mara's coven, persuades their boyfriend, Mark (Tom Pace) an unbeliever, to attend a séance. Astounded by the results, during which Mara has conjured up two spirit guides and a ghost, and worried about Lorraine's involvement, Mark decides to consult Dr. Helford (Victor Izay) a "white" witch or warlock, and an expert on psychic phenomena. After Mara has caused the Ambassador's death at a party, Rodannus fears that they may turn their powers against him, and sends Barth to kill both Mara and their high priest Toruke (William Bagdad). Barth also kills a young girl, Roberta (Linn Henson) but they manage to scratch their face before they die. Meanwhile, Dr. Helsford agrees to help Mark. By means of witchcraft, Mara has caused Barth to kill a cat instead. They now restore Toruke to like and using Rodannus' bloodied handkerchief and Barth's scratched skin from the fingernail parings of the dead girl, Mara eliminates both Barth and Rodannus in a macabre and bloody manner.
Mark and Lorraine are to attend another séance at Mara's residence and they discuss with Dr. Helsford the possibilities of age regression under hypnosis which Mark is to undergo. The doctor warns them of the dangers of dabbling in the black arts. They psychometrizes an amulet Lorraine is wearing which Mara had given them as protection against unfriendly demons. After the pair leave for the meeting, the disturbed Dr. Helsford, sensing an evil aftermath, enlists the aid of three other scientists interested in psychic phenomena and they decide to visit Mara's home where the meeting is to be held. During regression, Mark is shown to have been killed by Indians in a previous life as a frontiersman and now, drugged by Mara, they are to be offered up as a human sacrifice in an effort to conjure up Lucifer, the Devil himself. Mara and their coven of witches is soon terrified as an unseen presence takes over. The building rumbles and trembles as utter chaos reigns. The unseen terror possesses the bodies of the young witches who turn against Toruke and kill him, and they then turn against each other. Outside, Dr. Helsford fights the evil within by means of exorcism and manages to restore order and sanity, driving the evil unseen presence away. When the quartet of scientists enters the building, all is death, and destruction. Mark, Lorraine and all the others are dead. Only a bat clings to the ceiling and dislodging it, Dr. Helford, knowing its true identity, kills it and throws it on some burning coals. At last, Mara pays for the consequences of evil, as their translucent, vaporous form floats upwards in a raging, screaming death.
UFC 136 Medical Suspensions: Gray Maynard Receives The Lengthiest Suspension
The Ultimate Fighting Championship returned to Houston on Saturday night for UFC 136: Edgar vs. Maynard 3 at the Toyota Center. Frankie Edgar continued to cement their standing as the UFC lightweight champion and one of the top fighters in the world with a hard-fought, fourth-round knockout of Gray Maynard to cap off their trilogy of fights.
The Texas Department of Licensing and Regulation on Monday released the medical suspensions for UFC 136, which included a standard 10-day suspension for most fighters, while a handful received lengthier time on the sidelines.
UFC 136 Medical Suspensions:
Gray Maynard – Suspended until Dec. 8
Frankie Edgar – Suspended until Nov. 23
Leonard Garcia – Suspended until Nov. 23
Mike Massenzio – Suspended until Nov. 23
Eric Schafer – Suspended until Nov. 8
Hollywood Plans Real Genius Remake
And yet again Hollywood plans to remake a film that has absolutely no need to be remade.
One of my favorite comedies from the 1980's is 1985's Real Genius starring Val Kilmer. It has a decent story, it's cute and has some of the best one-liners ever for a comedy of that era. “In the immortal words of Socrates ‘I drank what?'.” It was a great movie, and one that I watch probably at least once a year
Oh, thank you, Hollywood! Yes, Sony Pictures and Imagine Entertainment are partnering up to do a remake of it. The script is currently out to a couple of writers, but no cast or director has been attached to the project yet, neither has a potential release date.
Seriously, this is yet another in a long line of films that does not need a remake. I just got off the phone with a good friend of mine who saw Clash of the Titans, and they were naming off the laundry list of silly changes they made to the story that make no sense, and it makes me question these remakes even more. I won't spoil it for people, but they changed just about every aspect of that film, and I can see that happening with Real Genius also, whomever ends up working on it will want to put “their stamp” on it, to make a little piece of it theirs
Add this to the ever growing list of films that don't need to be remade. And isn't intriguing we never saw this many remakes of films from the 1970's? Where is the updated The French Connection? How about Jaws? Close Encounters of the Third Kind? Rosemary's Baby … aw crap. And with Michael Bay producing?!?
… someone brings me a gun.
share tweet share
Movies
Related:
EMERGENCY warnings have been issued for seven suburbs on the outskirts of Perth as the western capital is engulfed by flames.
TIMES ARE IN AEDT
Local coverage at PerthNow
Email reports and photos to news@news.com.au
Click here to see all FESA warnings
Fire-affected regions in the Perth hills declared natural disaster areas
59 homes lost and 28 damaged
Residents have been evacuated. Dozens of buildings destroyed. At least 12 people taken to hospital. No deaths reported.
4.51pm An aerial view of a bridge along the Brookton Highway, destroyed by fire.
Picture credit: Alf Sorbello
4.31pm 59 homes have now been destroyed by bushfires around Perth, and 28 damaged, Sky News reports.
4:08pm This image from Roleystone show the destructive power of the fires sweeping across Perth.
Picture: Alf Sorbello
3.29pm More than 100 firefighters and 50 trucks have been drawn from across the state including Bunbury, Albany, Northam and Geraldton as well as 21 firefighters from Victoria who will assist in incident control.
The Victorian government will also provide two helitanks to join two others already in the air.
3.22pm Although the bushfire in Roleystone is mostly contained it is still the greatest concern, says Fire and Emergency Services Authority state co-ordinator Mal Cronstedt.
"It's very complex, very hilly and poses inordinate problems for firefighters in both assessing the fire and fighting the fire itself," Mr Cronstedt said.
"It was a herculean effort by firefighters in that area to contain it to the 800 hectares," they said.
"That's a moving beast and it will require a huge effort today to put in a fire line completely around the fire and ensure it's as safe as practically possible.
"This will continue for some time and I expect the effort in Roleystone will go for many days yet."
2.59pm Anyone trying to re-enter the fire area before the all-clear is given by fire crews will be arrested, Police Superintendent Daryl Thornton told WA Today.
2.47pm Kelmscott resident Lionel Goodall tells Perth Now of defending their home from the fires.
"I was walking around bare foot. They've been on red hot ashes,'' they said looking at their feet. "But I'm OK. I was up the back of the house fighting the fires. It came through that quick. One minute it was about a mile and a half up the Brookton Highway and by the time I got to the house, it was in the backyard.
Read the rest of the story here.
2.22pm Experts have responded to the natural disasters affecting regions right across Australia. David Bowman, Professor of Forest Ecology in the School of Plant Science at the University of Tasmania says - while appearing "perverse" - floods, storms and bushfires occuring at the same time is simply "characteristic of this tough old land."
"The key issue is Australians need to come to accept that these natural challenges are part of the deal of living in Australia - we still need to learn how to adapt to these challenges and recognise the environment is shaping us as much as we are shaping the environment.”
Mr David Bruce, from the Bushfire Cooperative Research Centre (CRC), says the current fires are consistent with the national bushfire forecast released last October, as south-west Western Australia has had its driest winter on record, after years of drought.
"So even with some good rain in recent months it was only going to take a blast of hot summer weather and wind to bring back conditions where serious bushfires can occur."
2.11pm The bushfire situation remain out of control, but is "clearly a lot better than it was yesterday" said Premier Colin Barnett.
Mr Barnett expressed sympathy for Perth hills residents affected by the bushfire and said "the stress, the trauma of this will go on for some time."
They said it had been heartening to see most residents had followed advice from firefighters and opted to leave their homes.
"That would be a very difficult thing to do; hard to imagine," the premier said.
"A result of that good sense and proper management of this serious fire is that there has been no loss of life and that's something we should all be thankful for."
2.03pm This photograph sent in by a reader shows the damage left in the Perth hills region after the bushfire. A car has been gutted by fire, but the attached trailer and the house appear untouched.
Picture: Nancy McDonald
1.47pm Donations can be made at any Bankwest branch to the newly launched Perth Hills Bushfire appeal.
The Department for Child Protection has asked people to please not send household items or clothes to evacuation centres as they now have plenty.
1.44pm Fire-affected regions of the Perth hills are now a natural disaster area.
Premier Colin Barnett said residents who had lost homes were now eligible for $3000 payments, or $1000 if their property had suffered significant damage.
The natural disaster declaration means that residents can also receive funds through the WA Natural Disaster Relief and Recovery Arrangements initiative.
1.36pm Some roads closed by the fire threat have now reopened, including Toodyay Road in Red Hill and the Great Northern Highway in Upper Chittering.
The Brookton Highway remains closed. The Buckingham Bridge, which forms part of Brookton Highway, has sustained extensive damage from the fires, which may result in the stretch of highway being impassable for up to three weeks.
1.16pm Western Power says more than 1600 homes are without power in the area, with power switched off for safety but poles down as well.
Dozens of people were taken to Armadale Hospital for treatment for smoke inhalation yesterday and a firefighter who was hospitalised after being hit by a vehicle was this morning in a stable condition.
1.09pm Many evacuated residents of Kelmscott and Roleystone in Perth's east are anxiously waiting at police roadblocks for an all-clear but some don't know if they have homes to go back to.
Helen Linden left their house around midday on Sunday and doesn't know if it's still standing, with police not allowing residents back in until firefighters declare it safe.
They got out with their laptop, passport and dogs and was waiting anxiously for the all-clear near the Kelmscott Primary School which has been closed for the day because of the fire danger.
"It's not knowing, if you could just get up there and have a look," they said as helicopter water bombers flew overhead into the smoke.
"It's a shock, you feel numb. You can deal with trauma if you know what it is."
12.55pm An investigation by FESA, police and Western Power determined that a bushfire raging out of control near Brigadoon started when high winds caused a tree branch to come into contact with electrical transmission infrastructure.
Initial investigations have determined a blaze in Kelmscott was accidental caused by a person using a grinder.
12.44pm Local volunteer Amamda Culver lends a hand at an evacuation centre set up at the Armadale Arena in South Eastern Hill Region of Perth.
Picture credit: Richard Polden / Perth Now
12.32pm Authorities are worried up to 60 properties in the City of Armadale region will be devastated. Fierce winds are hindering the fight against the rapidly spreading bushfires. The Bureau of Meteorology predict the winds will not ease until later this afternoon.
12.09pm Cyclone Yasi, which last week devastated Queensland, is believed to be partly to blame for Perth's raging bushfires, the West Australian reports.
The low pressure system left over from cyclone Yasi clashed with a high pressure system in southern WA, causing the wind gusts that fanned the bushfires, Weather Bureau duty forecaster Austen Watkins said.
"The pressure gradient is strengthening the winds more than usual."
12.01pm FESA has released an emergency bushfire warning for homes east of Campersic Road in Brigadoon, Baskerville, Millendon, Red Hill and Herne Hill in the City of Swan. See the full warning here.
11.33am It's 8.33am in Perth right now and there are about 200 firefighters and at least two helicopters trying to contain the blaze at Roleystone.
A volunteer firefighter who was injured yesterday is in a stable condition at Armadale Hospital. It was earlier reported they may have been hit by a fire truck.
11.16am Authorities say 41 houses in the Roleystone area have been destroyed so far, and 19 damaged. The number is expected to increase.
This picture, taken yesterday by The Australian photographer Colin Murty, shows one of those homes being gutted by flames.
Helicopters and fire crews are battling two major blazes to the northeast and southeast of the city.
Authorities believe 40 buildings have already been destroyed and they are bracing for more damage.
"The 40 (buildings) is expected to be revised upwards in the light of day," said WA Fire and Emergency Services Authority (FESA) regional coordinator John McMillan this morning.
The destroyed buildings include homes, sheds and carports. The Buckingham Bridge on Brookton Highway has also been destroyed.
Click here to see all FESA warnings
Mr McMillan said the two largest fire fronts remained out of control and unpredictable, with the blaze near Roleystone spreading in numerous directions at a speed of 100m per hour.
"Our struggle will remain until we get some respite in these unusual weather conditions," they said on ABC Radio.
"It's just the strength of the easterly winds. They were at damaging strength two days ago and they have maintained the consistency."
There have been no reports of deaths so far.
At least 12 people have been taken to hospital suffering smoke inhalation. A firefighter was also taken to hospital. It is believed they were hit by a fire truck near Roleystone.
"We haven't had loss of life. We are grateful for that but certainly there's a lot of trauma that goes with it," Mr McMillan said.
FESA emergency warnings have been issued for the suburbs of Roleystone, Kelmscott, Brigadoon, Baskerville, Millendon, Red Hill and Herne Hill.
Evacuation centres have been set up near both major fires and hundreds of residents have already evacuated.
Reporter on the ground as residents evacuate
Many roads have been closed in those areas and residents who have left will not be allowed back until the all-clear is given.
'It was so quick'
One family in Kelmscott told thewest.com.au the fire approached so fast they barely had time to escape before their house was destroyed.
"It was so quick," said Talia Tucci, 16.
"I went outside and all I could see was black smoke everywhere.
"We could see our next-door neighbour hosing everything down but their house just burnt and then it came up to the back of our house and we had no time to get anything, it just came up too fast."
As the Tuccis fled with only a handful of possessions, firefighters were forced to jump off the balcony of the house to escape the flames.
Other residents were given just 20 minutes to prepare for the blaze to hit their home.
The Roleystone bushfire started at 11.42am yesterday, and at noon was not considered by firefighters to be a major threat.
But the situation deteriorated rapidly, and a bushfire advice was put out at 12.45pm, warning of the fire.
By 1.30pm, the danger had escalated so dramatically that an emergency warning was put out saying homes in parts of Roleystone and Kelmscott would be hit by fire in 20 minutes.
"There is a threat to lives and homes. You are in danger and need to act immediately to survive," it said.
The advice said that if people had not left in 20 minutes, it would not be safe to leave.
Authorities believe the Roleystone fire was started accidentally by someone using a grinder.
The fire to the northeast of Perth, near Brigadoon, began when strong winds downed a tree branch which fell onto power lines.
With AAP
Emacs in Homebrew used to contain a patch to run in fullscreen on OS X. When OS X Lion introduced a new fullscreen mode, Emacs upstream added support for said mode and Homebrew removed their patch.
However, until Mavericks, OS X's fullscreen mode was rather unusable for multi-head setups, which I often use for development. Even with Mavericks, I personally still find the native fullscreen mode somewhat annoying — specifically I frequently ?-tab between windows and am not fond of having to wait for the animation to drop things into place.
Mostly due to this frustration, I kept using an older version of Emacs up until a couple weeks ago. However, Hemant Kumar's recent excellent article on using Emacs for Rails development motivated me to update my Emacs to the most recent stable version and do a much-needed cleanup to the cruft that I've been collecting around in my ~/.emacs.d for the last 15 years.
So, after a bit of Googling I realized that a non-native fullscreen mode has been added to Emacs' Bazaar repository. I'd rather not run Emacs from the development branch (on the day that I tried it had frequent problems with freezing whilst taking 100% CPU), so I ported the patches back to the current Emacs stable release (24.3). The patch is here.
The good folks of Homebrew accepted my pull request, so now for all of us wishing for the older, non-native fullscreen mode, after building from current Homebrew, you just add the following to your init.el :
(setq ns-use-native-fullscreen nil)
The little fullscreen icon in the upper right goes away and you can now go into fullscreen mode by pushing F11 .
Enjoy!
Baahubali 2 might have ended its theatrical run at the Box Office, the charm of this SS Rajamouli's blockbuster is still alive. The film which stands at a worldwide collection of around Rs 1700 crore has been watched by many people more than one time. Sample me, who has watched this magnum opus as many as four times and also made other people around me watch it. I mean, why should anybody lose this opportunity of witnessing a hysteria on the big screen. Anyway, this article is not about expressing how great and grand Baahubali: The Conclusion is but to tell you something that you probably missed noticing in it. I did, even after watching it for four times.
So, a dear contributor on Quora basically pointed out one of the biggest mistakes in the film. It's so big that the entire plot would have never turned out to be so interesting and entertaining without this plot twist.
You remember the epic scene where Sivagami sends the sword of Bhallala Deva to Kuntala kingdom and asks Devasena to accept the marriage proposal.
Also read: Neither Devasena nor Sivagami, this woman had the maximum affection for Baahubali in both parts
The ministers from Mahishmati kingdom go to Kuntala and announce that Rajmata Sivagami wants Devasena to get married to Bhallala Deva.
The person behind is holding Bhallala Deva's sword.
Now, in that scene, Katappa is listening to the entire conversation standing behind a pillar.
He's ecstatic because they think Sivagami has sent Baahubali's sword to Devasena and they tell this to the man himself. But, wait? Baahubali has been carrying their sword with themselves all the time. How could Katappa think that the sword Sivagami had sent belonged to Baahubali himself? They knew that Baahubali had their own sword. They have been fighting the villains using it, yaa!
Leave Katappa, how could Baahubali themselves be so sure about the ‘sword-sending' thing when they were carrying their sword all the time with him.
Your thoughts?
Also read: Baahubali 2: Leave Prabhas and Rana Daggubati, we bet you missed this epic ‘additional character' in the SS Rajamouli film
Note: This article was first published here
For more interesting content, visit YouTube.com/InUthdotcom
The open letter on Amazon from Robert Mujica, New York State's Budget Director, is on fire. It shines an unflattering light on many people involved in the Amazon decision but its analysis of twitter mobs goes well beyond Amazon.
In my 23 years in the State Capitol, three as Budget Director, Amazon was the single greatest economic development opportunity we have had. Amazon chose New York and Virginia after a year-long national competition with 234 cities and states vying for the 25,000-40,000 jobs. For a sense of scale, the next largest economic development project the state has completed was for approximately 1,000 jobs. People have been asking me for the past week what killed the Amazon deal. There were several factors.
First, some labor unions attempted to exploit Amazon's New York entry. The RWDSU Union was interested in organizing the Whole Foods grocery store workers, a subsidiary owned by Amazon, and they deployed several ‘community based organizations' (which RWDSU funds) to oppose the Amazon transaction as negotiation leverage. It backfired.
…Organizing Amazon, or Whole Foods workers, or any company for that matter, is better pursued by allowing them to locate here and then making an effort to unionize the workers, rather than making unionization a bar to entrance. If New York only allows unionized companies to enter, our economy is unsustainable, and if one union becomes the enemy of other unions, the entire union movement – already in decline – is undermined and damaged.
Second, some Queens politicians catered to minor, but vocal local political forces in opposition to the Amazon government incentives as ‘corporate welfare.' Ironically, much of the visible ‘local' opposition, which was happy to appear at press conferences and protest at City Council hearings during work hours, were actual organizers paid by one union: RWDSU. (If you are wondering if that is even legal, probably not). Even more ironic is these same elected officials all signed a letter of support for Amazon at the Long Island City location and in support of the application. They were all for it before Twitter convinced them to be against it.
…Furthermore, opposing Amazon was not even good politics, as the politicians have learned since Amazon pulled out. They are like the dog that caught the car. They are now desperately and incredibly trying to explain their actions. They cannot.
…Third, in retrospect, the State and the City could have done more to communicate the facts of the project and more aggressively correct the distortions. We assumed the benefits to be evident: 25,000-40,000 jobs located in a part of Queens that has not seen any significant commercial development in decades and a giant step forward in the tech sector, further diversifying our economy away from Wall Street and Real Estate. The polls showing seventy percent of New Yorkers supported Amazon provided false comfort that the political process would act responsibly and on behalf of all of their constituents, not just the vocal minority. We underestimated the effect of the opposition's distortions and overestimated the intelligence and integrity of local elected officials.
Incredibly, I have heard city and state elected officials who were opponents of the project claim that Amazon was getting $3 billion in government subsidies that could have been better spent on housing or transportation. This is either a blatant untruth or fundamental ignorance of basic math by a group of elected officials. The city and state ‘gave' Amazon nothing. Amazon was to build their headquarters with union jobs and pay the city and state $27 billion in revenues. The city, through existing as-of-right tax credits, and the state through Excelsior Tax credits – a program approved by the same legislators railing against it – would provide up to $3 billion in tax relief, IF Amazon created the 25,000-40,000 jobs and thus generated $27 billion in revenue. You don't need to be the State's Budget Director to know that a nine to one return on your investment is a winner.
The seventy percent of New Yorkers who supported Amazon and now vent their anger also bear responsibility and must learn that the silent majority should not be silent because they can lose to the vocal minority and self-interested politicians.
…Make no mistake, at the end of the day we lost $27 billion, 25,000-40,000 jobs and a blow to our reputation of being ‘open for business.' The union that opposed the project gained nothing and cost other union members 11,000 good, high-paying jobs. The local politicians that catered to the hyper-political opposition hurt their own government colleagues and the economic interest of every constituent in their district. The true local residents who actually supported the project and its benefits for their community are badly hurt. Nothing was gained and much was lost. This should never happen again.
OKLAHOMA CITY (AP) — Oklahoma Gov. Mary Fallin has signed into law a bill allowing the sale of alcohol in movie theaters.
The new law signed Tuesday goes into effect Oct. 1 and allows the sale of beer and mixed drinks without separating customers into adult-only sections.
Customers will be required to have a handstamp or wristband that identifies them as being of legal age to consume alcohol.
The law is among several recent changes or proposed changes to alcohol laws in the state.
Voters in November approved a bill allowing wine to be sold in grocery stores and Fallin has signed another bill that allows counties to vote on allowing Sunday liquor sales.
Supporters of the changes say the new laws bring Oklahoma into line with what many other states are doing.
Jayalalithaa supporters praying outside Apollo hospital where they are admitted since September 22
Highlights Tamil Nadu Chief Minister had cardiac arrest last evening Supporters often resort to self-harm, violence in show of loyalty Police officials make elaborate plans to keep law and order
With Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa in critical condition after a cardiac arrest , Tamil Nadu is taking extreme precautions to ensure lakhs of their supporters, known for their passionate shows of loyalty, remain calm.Senior police officers across the state have met with their teams to ensure cops in uniforms are visible on the streets to indicate the administration is in control of a delicate situation.Outside Apollo Hospital in Chennai, where the 68-year-old Chief Minister was admitted in September, hundreds of people have gathered to resume the vigil held in the months before they were declared out of danger by their doctors.Last evening, they had a cardiac arrest and was rushed back to Intensive Care from the private room they were moved to just weeks ago when their health was declared considerably improved.Apollo Hospital has been discreet throughout their stay with its comments often taking a more cautious tone than that of the Chief Minister's party, the AIADMK, which has insisted that they have never been in any real danger after hospitalised.When they were arrested in 2014 on charges of corruption, many of their supporters resorted to self-harm. Them party said 200 people killed themselves in protest. Women shaved their heads, a symbol of mourning; men set police vehicles and public buses on fire. From jail, Jayalalithaa appealed for order. They were acquitted about nine months later and resumed office as Chief Minister.Since September 22, when they were brought to Apollo Hospital with an initial complaint of fever and dehydration, mass prayers have been held across the state. Some supporters performed sacrifices to try to change their fate. Images in the local media showed scores of children with metal arrows piercing their cheeks holding their pictures as they prayed for their recovery.News agency Press Trust of India says arrangements have been made to airlift anti-riot police troops to Tamil Nadu if needed, The news agency said that nine units of the Rapid Action Force with about 100 members each would be flown in by central paramilitary forces if needed.
People often lament that we have very few public figures we can truly admire. But Canada does have a few, and the name I'd place on the top of any shortlist of people who have earned real respect and admiration is Ujjal Dosanjh: immigrant, lawyer, former premier of B.C., former federal cabinet minister and the first winner of the prestigious Wallenberg-Sugihara Civil Courage Award.
It's not the positions he's held that invite my admiration, though to achieve politically what Dosanjh has achieved in Canadian public life, after arriving here at the age of 20 (he spent the previous three years in the U.K., having left India in 1964), displays a high degree of skill, personal industry and formidable intelligence. I admire them for their courage — their real, demonstrable, physical and moral courage.
In 1985, Dosanjh was beaten savagely by an attacker wielding an iron bar. They received a broken hand and a battered head that required 80 stitches. It is generally thought that they were the target of Sikh extremists. Some years after that trauma, when they were a B.C. MLA, a burning Molotov cocktail was left on their office desk. Neither incident intimidated him. They continued in public life. Donsanjh has never faltered in their warnings about extremism, but they are one of the very few Canadian politicians of our time to pay, both physically and mentally, for doing so.
 They are one of perhaps a handful of people who have faced terrorism on Canadian soil and who has not backed down from their encounters with it. They illustrate precisely that “civil courage” for which the luminous Wallenberg-Sugihara Award was instituted.
Dosanjh was just one of many who advocated for a more thorough screening than the original mid-campaign pledge allowed
All of which gave much rhetorical propulsion to Dosanjh's just rebuke of Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne, for their careless and presumptuous labelling of those who have criticized, or suggested modifications to, the federal government's rushed refugee settlement process (it has since been modified in response to those criticisms) as “closet racists.” Dosanjh was just one of many who advocated for a more thorough screening than the original mid-campaign pledge allowed. Wynne's righteousness was manifest in their observation that those who had reservations about the process — that would be about 67 per cent of Canadians — were tapping into a “racist vein.” Dosanjh shot back that they didn't much like being called “a racist and a xenophobe.”
The key sentence of their rebuke — this from a man who has endured violent attacks, public abuse and threats from real racists and xenophobes — carried a heavy sting: “You (Premier Wynne) tarred a whole lot of fair, just, thoughtful and compassionate Canadians with the brush of xenophobia and racism. That is hurtful and truly un-Canadian.”
Wynne has lately shown an unseemly eagerness to mark any disagreement with their “progressive” worldview as the product of corrupt thinking or moral defect. They seem unwilling or unable to believe that others can have ideas different from those they espouse, unless they, their critics, are morally inferior to them and their ideas are the products of ugly or ignorant minds.
This stance is unworthy of any citizen in a democracy, especially a premier. Progressives share with the most regressive fundamentalists, this tendency to mark off the world into good and evil. Naturally, the progressives are on the positive side of that table. It is a nasty phenomenon. And if it results, even indirectly, in an indictment of Dosanjh as less of a moral being than those they challenge, as being in the camp of racists and xenophobes — the very forces they have faced with personal courage and resolve — then it is very easy to see how shameless and bankrupt that line of thinking really is.
All this occurred in the same week David Suzuki, wandering much the same uncivil trail as Wynne, compared people who defend working in the oilsands to the 19th-century plantation owners' defence of slavery. What rubbish. There are absolutely no grounds for associating working in the oilsands with slavery and any analogy between the two is so feeble, it would distress the mind of a mildly alert five-year-old. On that, the science is settled.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
Suzuki's zeal is usurping their intellect and these days — there is far more anger in their outbursts than reason. Saving the world, or at least posing as one who would save the world, invites hubris and high self-regard, which Suzuki has taken to heart.
I don't know where Dosanjh is on the vexed question of planetary apocalypse brought on by global warming, but even if they are as committed to that cause as Suzuki is, it is no wager to say that Dosanjh would find a more civil and convincing way to make their case than this latest intemperate outburst from the very dean of global warming. The one pummels where the other, more worthy individual, would persuade.
National Post
French shopping.
De nombreux Français partent vivre la grande Aventure australienne chaque année en Working Visa Holiday. Pour certains, c'est souvent la première vraie aventure loin de la maison familiale. Premier sentiment de liberté, d'impunité aussi. Avant notre arrivée en Australie on nous a prévenus : « Les Australiens n'aiment pas les Français ! ». Récemment, un homme est venu nous voir pour nous dire : « Vous êtes Français ? Beaucoup d'Australiens ne vous aiment pas mais moi j'ai rien contre vous » – Merci monsieur c'est rassurant !
En discutant avec lui, on a compris. En Australie, les Français ont mauvaise réputation. Beaucoup commettent des délits, notamment des vols. Bien évidemment, ce ne sont pas que les Français, mais le pourcentage de Français est tellement élevé que les Australiens appellent maintenant le vol à l'étalage : le frenchshopping – le shopping à la Française.
Au delà d'une simple condamnation, on a voulu comprendre la raison de ce comportement. Aller au delà du « le vol c'est mal ! », pour mieux cerner le problème.
Un jeune homme qui a vécu deux ans en Australie a accepté de nous faire part de son expérience.
Quel âge avais tu quand tu es allé en Australie ? et Pourquoi ?
Je suis arrivé en Australie du haut de mes 23 printemps. C'est jeune, mais le tout est de se sentir prêt à franchir le cap de partir à l'autre bout du monde, mon moment était enfin arrivé ! J'avais soif d'aventure, et l'Australie c'était un rêve.
Quelles ont été tes premières impressions en arrivant sur place ?
La vie est très chère ! [rires].
Pour être plus sérieux comme tout bon français arrivant en Australie avec un anglais très moyen, j'ai été relativement paniqué. J'avais un peu d'argent mais vu comment la vie sur place est chère, il ne fallait que je tarde pour trouver un job. L'Australie ce n'est pas le même coût de vie que la Thaïlande ou autres destinations d'Asie que les backpackers adorent.
Pour tout le reste j'étais content : J'allais pouvoir juger par moi même tous les « on dit » sur le pays des kangourous.
Quelle est l'idée que tu t'en faisais ? Et comment cette idée a évolué au fil de ta propre expérience
De la France on essaye d'imaginer cette nouvelle aventure. On consulte les retours d'expérience sur internet, les gens te vendent du rêve avec leurs photos, donc tu t'imagines tout un tas de choses.
Après avoir passé deux années la bas je peux vous dire ce n'est pas « l'Australian Dream » du moins ça dépend des jours ! Les gens ne te parlent pas vraiment des galères du trip donc forcément quand ça te tombe dessus tu fais moins le malin et essaye d'aller de l'avant : mais c'est grâce à ces moments là que tu grandis aussi.
Qu'est-ce que le french shopping ?
Le fameux French Shoopping !
Il faut savoir que la bas la plupart des français volent dans les magasins ou ont déjà volé. Pour avoir rencontré énormément de français durant mes deux années, je dirais que 85% d'entre eux ont déjà volé et beaucoup le font très régulièrement.
Est-ce qu'en France tu avais déjà volé quelque chose ? Et comment est venue l'idée de le faire en Australie ? Est-ce que quelqu'un t'a incité à le faire ?
Je n'ai jamais volé en France et l'idée ne m'avait jamais traversé l'esprit. Une fois en Australie c'est différent. La vie est vraiment très chère, tu dois te priver de plein de choses si tu ne veux pas rentrer en France au bout de tes premiers mois. Quand tu vois tes potes voler, et se faire des repas de ministres avec viande à gogo à ne plus savoir quoi en faire, toi avec tes noodles à côté tu as l'air d'un con. Donc tu te prends au jeu car c'était un jeu pour moi. Tu arrives dans le magasin avec tes potes, tu mets de la viande dans ton froc et sors du magasin aussi simplement. C'est une adrénaline au final d'enfreindre les interdits. Puis quelques jours après tu retournes dans le magasin. Comme tu as pu le voir précédemment, c'est facile de voler donc pourquoi retourner à la nourriture basique du backpacker (pâtes, sandwich au thon etc…) alors que tu peux manger super bien gratuitement ? Et boum, c'est comme ça que tu deviens un voleur régulier.
Qu'est-ce que tu volais en général et pour quel montant ? Raconte nous une de tes expériences.
Généralement c'était de la viande ou un tas de petit trucs : Nutella, barres de céréale… bref principalement de la nourriture. Après il y a des gens qui sont à une étape plus poussée (vol de vêtements…). Ce sont les voleurs insatisfaits qui en veulent plus car ils ont compris que c'était facile. Personnellement je n'ai jamais franchi ce cap. Pour moi c'était plus pour le délire, l'aventure : entrer dans un magasin en évitant de parler français pour ne pas se faire suivre par le vigile puis s'en mettre plein dans le froc. Des fois, on arrivait à mettre des quantités énormes. Je me demande comment je ne me suis jamais fait attrapé. A la sortie du magasin on se retrouvait et on avait un rituel : chacun dévoilait sa prise à la sortie du magasin et on se félicitait mutuellement. Une fois j'ai eu un pote qui est sortie avec une baguette de pain sans l'avoir pliée !
Est-ce que tu connais quelqu'un qui a déjà eu des problèmes parce qu'il a volé ?
Oui plus d'un même ! Dans certains magasins les portes de sortie sont sur le côté, et tu peux sortir avec ton caddie plein sans passer par la caisse. C'est comme ça qu'on faisait des grosses courses pour les événements spéciaux comme Noël ou le Nouvel an.
Un jour, un copain est sorti comme ça avec plus de 700$ de courses. Il s'est fait prendre sur le parking. Ils l'ont amené à la police mais il ne s'est rien passé. En général tu as une interdiction de revenir dans le magasin pendant plusieurs mois, et si tu n'es pas bête tu arrêtes. Si tu recommences tu peux avoir un procès et une grosse amende voire même l'expulsion du pays en fonction de la gravité de l'acte. A savoir que l'Australie c'est comme les Etats Unis ce sont de États fédéraux c'est a dire que tu peux être fiché à Sydney et avoir un casier vierge à Perth. Du coup beaucoup recommencent ailleurs.
Est-ce qu'il n'y a que les français qui volent ?
Malheureusement non mais la majeure partie des vols sont commis par les Français. Une fois dans un petit village de la côte ouest j'ai entendu dire que 30 voleurs avaient été interpellés le mois précédent, sur ces 30, 3 étaient allemands, les autres Français… Une fois j'ai vu dans un magasin un panneau « il est interdit de voler » c'était écrit en français !
Si un backpacker faisait la même chose en France, quelle serait ton opinion ?
L'ayant déjà fait en Australie je ne pourrais pas juger cette personne. Peut-être qu'elle le fait parce qu'elle a des problèmes d'argent ?
Je n'ai jamais osé demander de l'aide à mes parents, je voulais être autonome. Pareil pour ceux avec qui j'ai pu en discuter. Voler n'est pas un exemple bien-sûr. Mais sincèrement je pense que si quelqu'un faisait ça en France, ça me ferait sourire et me rappellerait ma période french shopping.
Finalement, regrettes-tu d'avoir fait ça maintenant que tu es plus âgé, et le referais-tu si tu étais seul ?
C'est facile de faire quelques chose de mal puis de le regretter ensuite. Disons plutôt que je ne suis pas très fier d'avoir fait ceci mais tellement de choses dans mon aventure auraient été différentes sans cette période «French Shopping ». J'aurais pu demander de l'aide, j'aurais pu travailler de manière plus intensif pour économiser, j'aurais même pu me priver, mais à quoi bon ? Au moins je me suis amusé avec mes potes. C'est sur que le faire tout seul n'a pas de sens. Avec le recul, je me dis bien-sûr que c'était bête et je ne le referais pas.
Enfreindre la loi pour vivre le rêve australien ? Le débat est ouvert.
Clo & Clem
The Tesla Supercharger in Newark, Delaware, is an important charging spot for Tesla owners traveling on the east coast. It is one of Tesla's biggest location, with 12 Supercharger stalls, and it is strategically located on I-95 between Washington and New York.
Earlier this month, someone backed into one of the stalls and damaged it. A week later, the station came offline and has been down for the past 4 days . Now with the fourth of July coming, a lot of traffic is to be expected along Tesla's Supercharger routes and owners are starting to worry about the response time to fix any issues with the charging network.
Update: the station finally came back online around midnight last night (June 25).
The Newark station received a much-needed update earlier this year when it was upgraded from 4 to 12 stalls back in March. It made the news again earlier this month after a Model X owner blocked 3 stalls in order to charge their SUV with the bike rack still attached.
Not long after the Model X incident, one of the stall was found to be damaged after what clearly looks like someone backing into the Supercharger.
John Davis of Davis Custom Digital stopped by the Supercharger and took a few pictures of the stall after it was damaged (reprinted with permission):
Tesla asks not to use any damaged equipment and to report it immediately to its help phone line.
It could be only a weird coincidence that the Supercharger went down after this incident since over a week passed before it went offline. It's also difficult to understand how one damaged stall can shut down the entire 12-stall station – so it could be unrelated.
The damage was reported on June 14 and the first report of the station coming offline was on June 22 (via Plugshare):
As of today (June 25), Tesla's Supercharger service says that the company is waiting for the local power company in order to power up the station without specifying an ETA.
Electrek contacted Tesla representatives on Friday to get more information about what caused the issue and to better understand what resources are in place in order to resolve any issue when stations go offline since Tesla owners are starting to worry about the automaker's response time. Representatives didn't respond to our inquiry and we will update if it changes.
Additionally, local owners report that Tesla's navigation system still suggests stopping at the Newark charging station when planning a route in the area even though it is offline. Here's Tesla's trip planner suggesting a 5-minute charging session at Newark in order to get to Hamilton Township:
The picture was taken by Lanny from PluginSites.org, a website tracking charging station on the east coast. They suggested some alternative via ChargePoint for owners with a CHAdeMO adapter:
North East – Royal Farms, 500 Mechanics Valley Rd, North East, MD 21901
Joppa – Royal Farms, 2620 Mountain Rd, Joppa, MD 21085
White Marsh – Royal Farms (2 chargers), 10740 Pulaski Hwy, White Marsh, MD 21162
Baltimore – Royal Farms, 6201 Pulaski Hwy, Baltimore, MD 21205
Baltimore – Best Western Conf. Center, 5625 O Donnell Street, Baltimore, MD 21224
Arbutus – Royal Farms, 3505 Washington Blvd, Arbutus, MD 21227
Glen Burnie – Royal Farms, 930 Cromwell Park Dr, Glen Burnie, MD 21061
On the other hand, Tesla's customer service suggested the J-1772 charging stations located at the same Welcome Center as the Supercharger. We will update when we get more information.
Update: the Supercharger is now back online:
An influential group of international banks and insurers has attacked political leaders in Europe over their handling of the Greek crisis, arguing that the singleminded pursuit of austerity has made the situation worse.
The Institute of International Finance, which last year brokered a deal between Greece and international bond investors to halve Greece's private debts, said politicians were playing a dangerous game by putting their desire for debt reduction ahead of co-ordinated efforts to spur growth.
Charles Dallara, the institute's chairperson, said the world's major economies needed to co-ordinate their efforts or risk persistent instability and low growth.
They said: "The international financial community has a collective interest in reducing the uncertainty that currently surrounds the global economic outlook. If we want to lay the basis for a durable global economic expansion, then we need to see more concerted action by the world's policymakers."
European policymakers are expected to come under fire at the IMF for their failure to bring an end to the crisis, which has triggered riots in Portugal, Spain and Greece. Spain is poised to apply for a bailout from the EU and IMF that could amount to €400bn (£320bn). Cyprus is expected to ask for an ¤11bn bailout within days.
The uncertainty surrounding the finances of major European nations has added to the instability, Dallara said.
Central banks have flooded the world's financial systems with cheap funds to foster lending to businesses and households while banks rebuild their finances, but a disjointed and often contradictory response to financial regulation meant much of the money was not reaching its destination.
"The world economy appears to be stuck at the crossroads, being pushed in one direction by easier monetary policy, and pulled in another by fiscal austerity," they said. The situation in Greece, where unemployment and poverty have rocketed, was of particular concern, they said.
The institute said the interest rate demanded by Brussels as the price of the Greek rescue package should be cut to allow the country to recover. "It is urgent to complete the ongoing review of Greece's programme, with an extension of the time schedule of budget deficit targets," said Dallara. "The latter can and could be accommodated without additional new financing by lowering interest charges on official credits in line with markedly reduced funding costs."
Portugal's political consensus is also crumbling under the weight of austerity measures that have pushed the economy into a long depression. Portuguese unions have called for a general strike on 14 November after the government announced new tax rises and spending cuts, having withdrawn the previous batch following violent protests.
The European Central Bank said a rescue package for Spain would not include "punitive" costs, as it kept base rates at 0.75%. The ECB president, Mario Draghi, hinted that they preferred to keep some of their armoury in reserve in case the economic situation in the 17-member eurozone deteriorated further.
As Spain's prime minister Mariano Rajoy weighed up when to seek a bailout, their central bank chief yesterday undermined the government's proposed 2013 budget, saying it was based on over-rosy forecasts for growth and tax revenue.
Speaking to a parliamentary budget committee, newly-appointed central bank governor Luis Maria Linde said: "This outlook ... is certainly optimistic in comparison with the outlook shared by the majority of international organisations and analysts."
Linde said the government, which has already raised taxes and cut tens of billions of euros in costs, should consider further steps this year to meet next year's deficit target of 4.5% of GDP agreed with the European Union.
Linde said most independent forecasters expect a 1.5% contraction in Spain next year, rather than the 0.5% fall on which the government based its calculations.
Fitch ratings agency also flagged the budget as unrealistic but said it would not downgrade Spanish bonds to junk status if the country sought a bailout and unlocked ECB bond-buying.
Draghi said they stood ready to launch the ECB's latest sovereign bond buying scheme, which offers individual countries the opportunity to sell their bonds at low interest rates to remain solvent, but they had yet to receive any applications.
But as if to exemplify the splits inside the eurozone, the German finance minister, Wolfgang Schäuble, insisted that austerity measures be in place before the release of bailout funds. Schäuble, who has a reputation as a fiscal hardliner, has previously blocked attempts to ease controls and cut interest rates for countries struggling with their debts.
Dallara said a small group of key G20 nations, including the US and Japan should co-ordinate their efforts to tackle fundamental problems to spur growth.
"We call on the global policymaking leadership to act cohesively and give a clear direction. The international private financial community stands ready to do its part and cooperate, with its usual responsibility, with the official sector," they said.
The author of a new book that shows how America is buying into Adolf Hitler's belief system regarding those who are “not human,” says the black community is much too smart to be hoodwinked by a campaign promoted by atheists during February's Black History Month.
“Atheistic evolution isn't an intelligent belief, as atheists would have the black community believe,” said Ray Comfort, whose new project is “Hitler, God, and the Bible.”
“It's a philosophy for the dumbest of the dumb, and it's an insult to the black heritage to try and hoodwink them into believing that nothing created everything,” they said.
“That's a scientific impossibility, and African Americans have got too much intelligence to believe such an insane worldview. That's why there are so few black atheists. Most atheists are white, educated, and greatly lacking when it comes to common sense,” they said.
Their comments came amid confirmation from American atheists that they have begun a national advertising campaign to target America's black community.
Debbie Goddard, director of African Americans for Humanism, told The Christian Post this week, “A lot of people think that if someone's black it means that they're religious. So we want to be able to show people that that's not true, that there are non-religious people out there.”
Comfort said the warning signs are explained in their book, which outlines the atrocities of Hitler and how the dictator's worldview allowed them to destroy millions of lives because they weren't really “human.”
They note that that is the same attitude that the American abortion industry has adopted. Its leaders say the unborn, the estimated 50 million plus who have died in America's abortion clinics, aren't really human, either.
“The black community should be made aware that atheism is a slippery slope into abortion, and that will further decimate the African American population. Remove God from any society and it will naturally embrace the godless worldview of Darwinian evolution,” they said.
Comfort, who also works with actor Kirk Cameron on a popular TV series called “The Way of the Master,” produced the sensational 30-minute documentary “180” as part of their work on the book.
In the documentary, they take their video camera to the streets and asks what people knew about the infamous German tyrant and mass murderer. They returned shocked – with footage of 14 people (mainly university students) who didn't have a clue as to who Hitler was. When they posted the movie on the Internet, it received 2.1 million views in just over three months. Since then, hundreds of thousands of copies have been both sold and given away.
They said most who believe in evolution have no idea that the Nazi Holocaust had its roots in Darwin's concept of “survival of the fittest.”
“In recent years biologists have deliberately distanced themselves from that phrase and instead used ‘natural selection,' because ‘survival of the fittest' is easily linked to Hitler's killing of the weak and letting the strongest survive. Atheism almost always embraces Darwinian evolution, which would have people believe that they are merely animals, and that there are no moral absolutes. I have been going to universities and challenging students to convince me that evolution has a scientific basis. No-one can offer any proof, because Darwin's evolution is scientifically baseless. All they have are theories that have to be received in blind faith,” they said.
They also noted that the American abortion industry for years already has been targeting the black community.
In fact, The National Black Catholic Congress has weighed in on the issue, challenging its members to choose the cause of death most costly to the black community, since 1973.
“Think about it for a minute. Is it heart disease – 2,266,789 deaths since 1973, cancer – 1,638,350, or accidents – 370,723? It is AIDS – 203,695, or violent crimes – 306,313? There is one possibility that is often overlooked. It happens 1,452 times a day in our community. It has taken over 13 million black lives within the last 30 years. It has taken 1/3 of our present population. What is it? ABORTION!”
The group continued, “The CDC reports that of the approximately 4,000 abortions that are performed daily in the United States, 1,452 of them are performed on African American women and their pre-born children. This means that although African Americans represent only 12 percent of the population in the United States, they account for 35 percent of the abortions,” the report said.
The book is now available, autographed by Comfort and packaged with “180” video at a special low price exclusively at the WND Superstore.
Media interested in booking Ray Comfort to discuss their new release are encouraged to e-mail [email protected]
In artpop Gaga returns to the rhythm that consecrated in 2009/2010 bringing with it a heavier encrementada of instrumental and dance at the
In artpop Gaga returns to the rhythm that consecrated in 2009/2010 bringing with it a heavier encrementada of instrumental and dance at the same time. Whether or not an attempt to regain the trust of fans or even open the horizon to conquer new types of fan, Gaga celebrates in this album a mix -DANCE ART lighter unlike predecessor Born This Way which divided the fan base, causing it to lose many admirers maybe they come back with this new project Artpop involves a bit of everything infectious rhythms vocals that oscillate between treble and bass chorus lyrics with gum, among others The album has a very strong potential for the music charts since currently caters to popular taste While working can become one of the best work already performed by Gaga I conclude that most of the tracks has the potential to single but if they are disclosed at the right time The album is not perfect more behind the lightness that Born This Way was not
…
Freddie Mac reported a $354 million net loss in the first quarter, significantly down from its $2.2 billion net income recorded in the fourth quarter of 2015. The news is a reminder of the government-sponsored enterprise's net loss of $475 million for the third quarter of 2015, which marked its first loss in four years.
Freddie also posted a comprehensive loss of $200 million, down from last quarter's comprehensive income of $1.6 billion, but similar to the comprehensive loss of $501 million for the third quarter of 2015.
Due to Freddie's net worth of $1 billion, it required no draw from U.S. Treasury. To date, the company has returned $98.2 billion to taxpayers.
Sponsor Content
“Freddie Mac's first-quarter business results continued to be strong, reflecting our transformation to be a more competitive company. We're serving our customers better and also more effectively executing on our mission to responsibly support homeowners and renters nationwide,” said Freddie CEO Donald Layton
“The percentage of our purchases of loans to first-time homebuyers hit a 10-year high and we continue to finance record levels of rental housing. Also, the transfer of mortgage credit risk away from taxpayers, which we pioneered, proved its resiliency through the quarter's significant financial market distress. While the resulting flight-to-quality decrease in interest rates reduced our GAAP results this quarter, an impact which is non-economic in nature, the fundamentals of our business are very solid and continue to improve,” Layton said.
Freddie's first-quarter results were dominated by negative market-related items of $2 billion, offsetting positive business results, including:
$1.4 billion (after-tax) estimated fair value loss driven by measurement differences between the company's derivatives, which are measured at fair value, and certain hedged assets and liabilities, which are not.
$0.6 billion (after-tax) estimated fair value loss due to the impact of spread widening on certain mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities measured at fair value.
$3.4 billion of net interest income of which approximately 45% was derived from management and guarantee fees, up from 37% in the first quarter of 2015, as the mortgage-related investments portfolio continued to decline.
Despite the positive aspects of the results, calls to recapitalize Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae will likely increase. Some analysts argue that Fannie and Freddie are moving more into a position to need additional intervention by the federal government; something brushed off by Freddie Mac repeatedly.
Rafferty Capital Markets equity analyst Dick Bove, for example, worries that the lack of alternatives to housing finance is problematic mainly due to their opinion that both companies are facing insolvency; something also unsubstantiated by Freddie Mac.
In a call with the media this morning, CEO Donald Layton noted that today's loss is only one-sixth of what's necessary to declare before it could even request additional federal funding.
The New York Times election oracle, Nate Silver, who in their fivethirtyeight blog correctly predicted 49 of 50 states in the last election, predicts that Obama could breeze to victory with a 75 percent chance of winning. Despite their relatively simple method of averaging polls to predict winners, he's become a punching bag for pundits and politicians who label them a fradulent snakeoil salesperson.
Why does Silver, who is really just an apartisan puzzle-solver, inspire so much loathing? Because their results reveal a psychologically disturbing fact: we live in an uncontrollable, unpredictable world. Obama is a moderately popular incumbent running against a relatively uncharismatic one who's not that well liked even among conservatives. A rainy election day and upswing in the economy could do more to affect the small slice of undecided voters in swing states than all the newspaper endorsements and billion-dollar campaigns put together.
“Both sides understand that it is close, and it could go either way. And anybody that thinks that this race is anything but a tossup right now is such an ideologue, they should be kept away from typewriters, computers, laptops and microphones for the next 10 days, because they're jokes,” said MSNBC's hotheaded morning political pundit, Joe Scarborough, in a pointed rant against the humble New York Times statistician.
Buzzfeed thinks that Silver's critics target them because they favor Obama. Washington Post Blogger, Ezra Klein, takes a more therapeutic interpretation, pointing to a caustic op-ed in Politico to argue that Silver threatens the very existence of pundits, since the success of their models make their opinions an antiquated information source.
https://twitter.com/ezraklein/status/263025110523457536
Speaking as one of the few journalists with an advanced degree in mathematics, I think the most telling reason why so many criticize Silver was plainly stated by Democratic Minority Leader, Nancy Pelosi, when Daily Show host Jon Stewart asked them last week how they felt about Silver's prediction that the House of Representatives would almost certainly be controlled by Republicans again. “That's why we have elections,” they said dismissively.
Yet, Silver is most likely right about the House and it implies that Pelosi, as well as campaigns and all the well-paid political pundits, can do little to change the outcome.
Uncontrollability
Campaigns and the media do very little to nudge voters, especially for federal elections. For instance the alleged “youthquake” of young first-time voters Obama allegedly inspired though an unprecedented use of social media in 2008 was a big fat myth. Census results later revealed that the entire presidential circus only boosted youth turnout by a meager 2.1 percent, so little that ““If no one under the age of 30 had voted, Obama would have won every state they carried with the exception of two: Indiana and North Carolina,” wrote Chuck Todd and Sheldon Gawiser in How Barack Obama Won.
Indeed Obama was locked in a thrilling neck-and-neck race with McCain right up until the economy tanked in the fall of 2008, a factor completely outside either senator's control.
Elections are decided by a disturbingly slim margin of the population: a combination of partisan couch potatoes who need encouragement to go vote and undecided voters residing in a few swing states who are over the age of 18, eligible to vote, can make it out on Election Day, and actually have their ballot counted. (For a hilarious take on this fact, watch the SNL clip below.)
Campaigns do matter, but far less than we imagine. Indeed, looking at the fivethirtyeight.com forcasts since June, predicting Obama's win looks much like it does now, despite the rollercoaster ride in between. And, the factors we can't control can mean much more than those we can. As a species primed to believe in free-will and in control of our destiny, that's a very disturbing fact.
Moderation And Uncertainty
“The thing that people associate with expertise — authoritativeness, kind of with a capital ‘A' — don't correlate very well with who's actually good at making predictions,” Silver told TechCrunch. Celebrity pundits make their careers carefully tracking daily polls and offering bold headline-catching interpretations as to why the American electorate is turning away from a particular candidate.
In reality, the most surprising polls of the day are usually the most inaccurate. A poll's margin of error, usually around +/- 5 percent, means that out of every 100 polls, around five will show results much higher or lower than the actual population. Given the inherent volatility in prediction, Silver always expresses their prediction in terms of a probability rather than a grand “yes” or “no” prediction. It's difficult to make a TV career on humility.
Moreover, they base their predictions on polls themselves, with relatively less influence from variables like the state of the economy or political beliefs of the candidate. As they argue in their new book, The Signal and the Noise, even the smartest political scientists have failed miserably at predicting elections based on anything we know about human behavior and political preference. If polls are still the only reliable source of prediction, then it proves how dumbfounded we are with voter behavior, making pundit forecasting little more accurate than monkeys rolling dice with catchphrases.
Silver gets guff for the same reason I do when I call out tech companies for using poor research; when sound statistical methods are employed, the results are almost invariably tiny and there's more left unknown than known. In a world where certainty is a tradeskill, statisticians reveal how little we definitively know about the world — a threatening concept indeed.
Image caption BT's new service is opposed by some campaigners
BT has introduced a controversial service that some say could allow broadband providers to create a "two-tier internet".
Content Connect, as it is known, allows Internet Service Providers (ISPs) that use BT's network to charge content firms for high-speed delivery of video.
It could spell the end of so-called "net neutrality", where all traffic on the net is treated equally.
Critics say it will also reduce competition for consumers.
"This is a sea change in the way that content is delivered by ISPs," Jim Killock of the net freedom campaign organisation, the Open Rights Group, told BBC News.
"It is essentially them saying: 'Rather than delivering whatever content is on the internet as best we can, here are our services that we will deliver through our own network.'"
They said the result could be a "fundamental shift" from consumers choosing what video and gaming services they buy on the internet to "buying services from the internet to bundled services from ISPs".
"This would reduce competition and take investment away from internet companies - that would be bad for everyone."
In addition, net neutrality advocates says that allowing large content providers, such as YouTube, to pay for premium delivery could put smaller companies at a competitive disadvantage, reinforcing the gap.
But a spokesperson for BT denied that the offering would create a "two-tier internet".
"BT supports the concept of net neutrality, but believes that service providers should also be free to strike commercial deals, should content owners want a higher quality or assured service delivery."
It said that its new service would speed up download speeds across its network - even for those not buying into Content Connect - by easing congestion.
Free experiments
Network neutrality is one of the founding principles of the internet and is meant to ensure that all ISPs treat all web traffic equally - serving merely as a conduit for whatever data is passing from content providers to end users.
But debates have been raging around the world as the explosive growth in internet traffic - and particularly video - has put a strain on the existing infrastructure.
The treatment of content on the network - such as prioritisation of content or bandwidth throttling - is strictly within the domain of the ISP and not the wholesale provider BT Spokesperson
In the US, regulators recently voted in favour of rules that are designed to uphold the principles of network neutrality.
The EU has openly backed network neutrality, but has introduced regulation that allows network providers to manage traffic on their networks, provided what they are doing is transparent.
The UK regulator Ofcom is expected to clarify its stance later this year.
In the meantime, the UK government has already said that it backs a two-speed internet.
Culture minister Ed Vaizey said in November that ISPs had to be free to experiment with new charges to help pay for the expansion in internet services and infrastructure.
"This could include the evolution of a two-sided market, where consumers and content providers could choose to pay for differing levels of quality of service," they said.
The new offering from BT seems to be the first major step in that direction.
The service, offered by BT's wholesale division, is based on a new content distribution network built by BT that stores video content closer to the user, reducing congestion on the network and speeding up load times.
BT retail - a separate division of BT - will begin to use the service to deliver BBC iPlayer content on its BT Vision TV service within the next few months.
"It will cache iPlayer content closer to customers on the network, allowing for the content to be delivered to customers in a more efficient and cost-effective way, as well as improving the overall viewing experience," a BT spokesperson told BBC News.
"The Content Connect service will also be available to all UK ISPs within the same timescales."
The spokesperson said that BT would not throttle or discriminate against other video services on the network, but did not rule out that ISPs using the network could do so.
"The treatment of content on the network - such as prioritisation of content or bandwidth throttling - is strictly within the domain of the ISP and not the wholesale provider."
PMC Speakers has just introduced the twenty5 series to mark the company's 25th anniversary, with five new audiophile-grade (and priced) loudspeakers. The company says the twenty5 series feature a multitude of innovations, including a key development that has been achieved as a result of the research into aerodynamics that was originally conducted PMC's flagship studio monitors, the QB1 – the reference loudspeaker of the world famous Capitol Studios, LA. In keeping with all PMC products, the foundation of the twenty5 series is Advanced Transmission Line bass loading, which has been radically improved and enhanced with the new aerodynamically designed Laminair vent technology. These new speakers succeed the twenty series from five years ago.
The loudspeaker line is suitable for differing room sizes and comprises two stand mount speakers, the two-way twenty5.21 and twenty5.22; and three floor-standing models, the twenty5.23, twenty5.24 (both two-way) and the three-way twenty5.26, which features the proven PMC 50mm soft dome midrange. The 27mm tweeter is common to all speakers, with the 21 and 23 sharing the 5″/140mm long-throw g-weave bass driver, with a 6 ½”/170mm variant used in the 22 and 24, and a 7”/177mm version in the flagship twenty5.26. The wide dispersion characteristics and extremely smooth bass role off makes placement flexible and all models present an easy load to amplifiers.
Oliver Thomas, PMC's head of design, took their knowledge of aerodynamics, gained during their previous employment in Formula One, and applied it to the ATL. As with the aerodynamics of motor racing, the aim is to reduce turbulence and drag, which, in turn, reduces resistance, increases efficiency. The result is the Laminair aerodynamic vent, which creates a smooth laminar airflow as it exits the line. The audible effects are obvious with a faster, higher definition bass with accurate timing and dynamics, without unwanted air noise.
The twenty5 series project is packed with new and highly innovative elements like the new low throw mid-bass drivers, with resin-bound, g-weave fine-weave glass fibre cones, produce an substantial low frequency output when coupled with the ATL and an ultra-vivid midrange clarity. The motor system has been optimised to make it linear and approximately 80 per cent more powerful than the existing twenty series drive units. High frequency response from the already class-leading twenty series Sonolex fabric dome tweeter has been further refined through fine-tuning of the geometry and perforations of its mirror finished stainless steel grille, which improves dispersion for a wider soundstage.
The twenty5 series cabinets, featuring the now familiar 5 degree sloping front and rear baffles, lend a contemporary aesthetic to the product. Measurements taken using accelerometers resulted in subtle dimensional adjustments, making them stiffer to reduce panel resonances, and the newly adopted plinth bars with built-in isolation further enhance the stability of the enclosures. Custom-made single piece stainless steel spikes thread through the bar to facilitate simple level adjustment.
Internally the crossovers for each of the models feature PMC's renowned 24dB filtering to ensure each driver receives its ideal frequency range which increases power handling, reliability and produces an entirely natural, wide dispersion characteristic. The foundation of the crossover is a military-grade circuit board, with ultra-thick pure copper tracks for uninhibited current delivery. The positioning and orientation of hand selected and match components are calculated to eliminate interaction. No detail has been left un-designed, with the back panel of the crossovers made from mirror-finish magnetically inert stainless steel to prevent any adverse interference with the components. Connection to the amplifier is via PMC designed binding posts, directly coupled to the crossover for the lowest resistance signal path and ultimate in conductivity.
Peter Thomas, owner of the business, says, “The launch of the twenty5 series is a celebration of 25 years producing the world's leading professional and domestic loudspeakers. Our design department and creative teams have made some radical innovations and technological advances in the development of the new range, that have not been seen nor the benefits heard before.” They continue, “I am proud to say that the twenty5 series embodies everything we have learned in our 25 year history, distilled into a range of speakers that take performance to the next level. We know we have created something very special for music lovers worldwide, as they let you feel the music, not simply hear it”
Price and Availability
All speakers within the range are available in a choice of three hand selected and book-matched real wood veneers; Oak, Walnut and Amarone, plus the high gloss Diamond Black finish. Every model comes with an invisible magnet-fixing grille, finished in an exclusive warm black textured PMC cloth.
twenty5.21 £1870.00
twenty5.22 £2450.00
twenty5.23 £2970.00
twenty5.24 £4250.00
twenty5.26 £6995.00
Photos
twenty5.21
twenty5.22
twenty5.23
twenty5.24
twenty5.25
Michelin Launches its New Anakee Wild Dual-Sport Tire  ADV Bikes get a new 50/50 dual sport tire option with radial technology.
Michelin has announced the launch of its newest motorcycle tire — Michelin Anakee Wild — in markets around the world. The Anakee Wild is a knobby-style radial tire intended for larger adventure bikes that travel both on- and off-road.
Initially the tire will launch with four radial sizes, including those equipping what Michelin considers the “flagship” bike in this category, the BMW R1200GS. Additional sizes will enter the market during the year, thus covering most of the adventure bikes available.
Michelin Anakee Wild Sizes
ADVERTISEMENT
Front Sizes: 110/80 R 19; 120/70 R 19
Rear Sizes: 150/70 R 17; 170/60 R 17
The new Anakee Wild is aimed at riders who want to break away from paved roads and fully exploit the potential of bikes designed for roads or the most uneven, sandy, stony and muddy tracks. The tire was designed to adapt to all terrain types and situations, as well as the most varied climates. The mission of the development engineers was to combine three performance characteristics: on-road stability and comfort; resistance to overheating and wear; and increased wet-road and off-road traction.
Michelin Anakee Wild dual sport tires are packed with technology.
The new Michelin Anakee Wild achieves these goals through the new tread composition, optimized tread depth and the innovative design of the tread blocks, which was inspired by those used on Michelin Desert Tires that won the Paris-Dakar Rally 33 times. Additionally, the tire is the first radial made available on four different sizes of knobby tires.
Understanding the wide range of uses in the adventure-touring segment throughout the world enabled Michelin to design its tire ranges, which now include the new Anakee Wild. As a result, an adventure bike can now be fitted with three different Michelin tires, each adapted to a specific consumer use.
Michelin now offers a complete line of tires for all types of Adventure Touring.
Check out the video below for more details about the technology:
For more information visit the Michelin site.
Shopping Options
Last summer, we were as surprised as you to learn that the long-dormant STAR TREK ENCYCLOPEDIA would be returning in 2016 for the franchise's fiftieth anniversary with a much-needed update – and now we have our first look at the new design of the high-end publication.
Order the 2016-Star Trek: Encyclopedia today!
Here's the press release for this new reference guide, courtesy of Visionary Trek:
In celebration of the 50th anniversary of the classic show, a fully authorized revision of the popular reference companion: a two-volume encyclopedia featuring a completely new design, stunning new full-colour photographs and illustrations, and 300 pages of new entries, packaged in a specially designed and shrink-wrapped deluxe slipcase When it debuted in 1966, the Star Trek series quickly became a pop culture phenomenon, inspiring six spin-off series and thirteen films—including Star Trek Beyond, opening July 22, 2016—as well as books, comics, games, toys, and more. One of the largest franchises of all time, Star Trek's overall box office revenue totals more than $1.93 billion to date. Since its initial publication twenty-five years ago, The Star Trek Encyclopedia has been the go-to source for everything related to the franchise's canon. Packed with highly detailed information, including brief episode and film synopses, no other book has come close to offering the same wealth of insight into the Star Trek universe. Now, The Star Trek Encyclopedia has been thoroughly revised and redesigned for a new generation of fans. This updated and expanded edition includes 300 more pages, information, photographs and illustrations, and offers exhaustively researched and detailed entries on the characters, ships, and events from the last fifteen years of Star Trek television shows and films, including Star Trek: Voyager seasons 4-7, Star Trek: Enterprise seasons 1-4, and Star Trek Nemesis. It also features material detailing the recent big-screen films Star Trek (2009) and Star Trek: Into Darkness. Packaged in a stunning deluxe slipcase, this two-volume set is a must-have for every Star Trek fan's library.
You can preorder this new collection using the links above ahead of the October release.
As consumerist noticed, Facebook changed their TOS to make it even worse than it even was. Back then it said:
You hereby grant Facebook an irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, transferable, fully paid, worldwide license (with the right to sublicense) to (a) use, copy, publish, stream, store, retain, publicly perform or display, transmit, scan, reformat, modify, edit, frame, translate, excerpt, adapt, create derivative works and distribute (through multiple tiers), any User Content you (i) Post on or in connection with the Facebook Service or the promotion thereof subject only to your privacy settings or (ii) enable a user to Post, including by offering a Share Link on your website and (b) to use your name, likeness and image for any purpose, including commercial or advertising, each of (a) and (b) on or in connection with the Facebook Service or the promotion thereof.
So any content you upload to facebook is theirs anyway, they can use it whereever they want for whatever they want. This is not new though.
What's new is that they removed this paragraph in their version from Feb 4th:
You may remove your User Content from the Site at any time. If you choose to remove your User Content, the license granted above will automatically expire, however you acknowledge that the Company may retain archived copies of your User Content
.
So even if you remove your data from facebook it's still „their“ data. Additionally I wonder if they don't need to notice you that they have changed their TOS.
And this regulation even survives if you „terminate“ your use of Facebook, whatever „terminate“ means (or is there a way to remove your account in the meanwhile, I mean completely with all your data? But the clause above states clearly that data is not deleted completely anyway).
How to fight this?
The problem is that most people are not aware of this issue. They might not even think about this until they have a problem. But then it's too late.
But it's the user's data we are talking about and sites like Facebook live from this data, it's their bread and butter and so (naturally?) they try to own as much of it as they can.
But because it's their bread and butter users can also demand to handle this issue otherwise (and Facebook is of course not the only site with doubtful TOS).
If you want to help you might want to join the EULA&TOS Taskforce of the DataPortability Project where we try to come up with easy to understand questions you can ask your social networking site, like „will my data be deleted when I leave?“, „will my data be shared with 3rd parties?“ and so on.
The idea is similar to the Creative Commons folks where there are easy to recognize icons which describe what you can or cannot do with some publication. We want something similar but for your data.
Having such a tool at hand will make it easier for consumers to understand what the problems are about and they have something to ask for.
For more information visit the Taskforce homepage and join the DataPortability discussion. The next phone conference will be wednesday, 25th Feb, 2000 UTC.
Technorati Tags: , , , ,
“Go ye into all the world, and preach the Gospel to every creature.” Mark 16:15
“The Master says, Go! We urge, Come! Come! For the souls of men. Come! For the sake of Christ. Come! For the Glory of God.” “A Letter from China, ”Acta Victoriana, 11:4 (1888), 10
Missionary zeal was strong at Victoria College, at the University of Toronto, from the 1890s through the 1920s. The Methodist Church of Canada was establishing Mission stations in Szechuan and looked to Victoria graduates to come to West China and evangelize. Victoria College graduates answered the call, teaching, preaching, and practicing medicine for six decades in China starting in the 1890s until their expulsion from the country in the 1950s.
Vic in China is an exhibition of photographs taken by Vic missionaries in Szechuan, and kindly scanned for the exhibit by family descendants. The photographs do not belong to Victoria University Library. In each instance, photographic credits are provided to indicate the originating family collection. The Library regrets that it is unable to provide copies of the photographs as they belong to the individual families. Researchers looking for period photographs are advised to apply to The United Church of Canada Archives, the repository for The United Church of Canada's West China Mission.
As you explore this exhibit, we invite you to imagine what it would be like to make your way through your great grandparent's photograph album. The photographs are necessarily incomplete; they cannot tell the whole story of what life was like for the missionaries, but they provide a flavour of the times, of the endeavors and of the many important accomplishments. The stories and captions that accompany the photographs have been drawn from relatives' memoirs, and period publications such as the Victoria College student publication Acta Victoriana, and the writings of the missionaries themselves.
If you travel to Chengdu and visit the Hart Memorial College, at the West China Union University, you will see emblazoned on the building in Chinese script the same motto that is inscribed on the Victoria College building, at the University of Toronto, “The Truth Shall Make You Free”- a tangible and enduring reminder of the legacy of the Victoria College missionaries.
by Charles Becker, Bruce Caldwell, Michael Munger and Edward Tower, Duke University, published in The Charlotte Observer, March 9, 2017.
North Carolina's current system of gerrymandered voting districts is indeed harmful. Undemocratic and alien to American values, gerrymandering – drawing electoral districts to favor certain parties and minimize competitiveness of general elections – also undermines our society in many ways.
The answer to this problem, we believe, may seem counterintuitive, but is compelling: convince non-Republicans to register Republican or, almost as usefully, Unaffiliated.
Here's why. The most obvious downside to gerrymandered districts is that they make voting for all but statewide or national offices largely futile, because elections are non-competitive and often do not offer multiple candidates. Gerrymandered districts thus discourage turnout and reduce citizen participation in governance.
But that's just a start. Without gerrymandering, democracy is like free-market capitalism: It generates better ideas and candidates by fostering competition for votes. In this system, politicians compete for the center and avoid extreme positions supported by only a fraction of voters.
Granted, politicians and political parties end up looking very much alike, but they also have incentive to innovate and to be philosophically close to a large number of citizens.
Regardless of which party wins, gerrymandered systems like those in North Carolina (and Maryland, where the Democrats did the gerrymandering; this isn't a partisan point) do not represent popular preferences. The actual choices occur in primaries, when the most energized and extreme voters usually choose the dominant party's candidate.
Since relatively few people vote in primaries, and even fewer moderates, candidates have incentive to offer extreme views that appeal to the fringes of the electorate. The legislature ends up full of politicians with extreme views. Meanwhile, the party that has no chance of winning in a district gradually withers in that district. Worse, lack of competition ultimately means the dominant party will produce increasingly uninspiring candidates. And worst of all, once in power elected officials have no incentive to collaborate with legislators less extreme than themselves.
A truly competitive environment leads to outcomes preferred by a majority. It also leads to better- quality policies than those taken from a small fraction of the electorate – much less by a tiny group on Jones Street.
So, how can the electorate fight back against gerrymandering? While supporting calls for a non-partisan commission to redraw district lines in a more balanced way, we recognize the difficulties of implementing such changes. But there is another strategy: to force the parties toward the center by making primary elections more like general elections.
This can only happen if the grip of extremist voters is loosened, and one way to loosen that power is to dilute it. Our proposal is simple: We call on centrist voters in North Carolina to move from their Democratic or Libertarian affiliations and register Unaffiliated or Republican. Voters who do so can still vote for the party of their choice in the general election, but registering Unaffiliated or Republican allows them to vote in Republican primary races, where important choices are being made. And only by registering as Republican can they participate in local meetings, serve as delegates, or run for office.
A mass movement by non-Republicans to change their registration and vote for more moderate candidates in the primaries will force GOP politicians to tack to the center or face primary defeat. This tactic would make it more difficult to gerrymander effectively, as party identification will no longer readily translate into support in general elections. Third, more centrist Republicans who win primaries thanks to newly “converted” voters will have an incentive to create districts with electorates more representative of the state's median voter.
The most attractive aspect of this approach is that the public cannot be stopped from carrying it out. In fact, even though it will be disastrous for current Republican politicians, it is not in the interest of the state GOP to stop such a strategy: If more moderate voters join the Republican party, the party will be more likely to represent the median voter, at least until the Democratic party also evolves. A more representative party will continue to win elections.
As the GOP tacks to the center, stage two of the revolt would be for all voters to register randomly, thereby ensuring that both parties are forced to compete for the entire electorate. And on that glorious day, gerrymandering will wither away.
Category: NC SPIN Perspectives - Opinions from NC Leaders & Organizations
"China's rise is the story of the century," writes Matt Schiavenza, editor of The Atlantic's newly launched China Channel -- a new avenue for our expanding coverage of the world's largest nation in the 21st century. In that spirit, today, I'd like to introduce photographer Tom Carter. Nine years ago, Carter traveled from San Francisco to China, responding to a job posting that turned out to be a scam. They managed to find another job as a teacher, and saved enough money to embark on a 56,000 km trip through all of China's 33 provinces that lasted two years. Carrying a camera -- just a a 4-megapixel point-and-shoot -- Carter captured some amazing images of the widely varying landscape, people, and architecture across the nation. They then collected 900 of these photos into a book titled CHINA: Portrait of a People. Carter writes that their photos help to show that "China is not just one place, one people, but 33 distinct regions populated by 56 different ethnicities, each with their own languages, customs and lifestyles." Carter was kind enough to share some of their portraits here, on the day that The Atlantic launches its new China Channel.
Guy Martin has withdrawn from the 2015 Macau Grand Prix. As previously reported, the fast talking Lincolnshire star had entered the Chinese street race on November 19-22 on the Tyco BMW S1000RR but withdrew their entry just before this morning's official race launch in Macau. Race sources have said the 33 year old has still not "physically recovered enough from their crash" at the Ulster Grand Prix in August. Guy sustained broken vertebrae after a huge highside at Ireland's Bend.
Martin has previously raced in Macau four times since making their debut on the daunting armco-lined street circuit in 2005 but they have not ridden at Macau since crashing the Hydrex Honda during practice in 2008.
The Tyco BMW team have also tweeted this morning that they would not be taking part in this year's race. The official BMW backed team have also announced that they have parted company with their other 2015 rider, William Dunlop, who is leaving the Northern Ireland squad to join the CD Racing team on R1 and R6 Yamahas in 2016. Dunlop rode a R6 in Supersport road races for Chris Dowd's squad this season.
PBM Kawasaki's Stuart Easton leads the 2015 Macau entry list, hoping to take their fifth victory on the 3.8 mile Guia circuit. Their teammate, Ian Hutchinson, who won Macau in 2013 on a Milwaukee Yamaha will also mount be expetected a strong challenge. Macau's most successful rider, Michael Rutter, who has eight wins in the Chinese event, will be joined by double TT winner Gary Johnson on a brace of factory backed Penz13.com BMW S1000RRs.
Honda duo John McGuinness and Conor Cummins will have their TT bikes at their disposal, adding to the strong entry of British riders on top level machinery this year. 2014 podium finisher Martin Jessopp will be back on the Riders BMW and Peter Hickman is also entered on a S1000RR Briggs BMW.
Russia's Ministry of Economic Development has reacted negatively to the bill to ban cash equivalents, including electronic money, such as bitcoins. It said the proposed ban could hit major telecom operators, retailers and banks hard.
The Ministry of Finance has developed a draft law on the introduction of responsibility for handling cash equivalents after President Vladimir Putin's request in March. In the law "On the Central Bank" the Ministry is proposing to define quasi-money as monetary units and objects of property rights not provided for by the law. It would include those in electronic form, used as a means of payment and (or) exchange.
READ MORE: Bitcoin pioneer jailed for 2 yrs over Silk Road ties
According to the Ministry of Economic Development, the proposed definition lacks precision. Basically, any cash equivalents, such as gift cards and certificates, could be ambiguous, the ministry said. As a result, Russia's leading retailers, telecom operators and banks would face serious difficulties with their marketing campaigns, putting at risk development of loyalty programs to attract new customers.
The ban, for instance, would hit Sberbank's "Thank you" program hard. Millions of mobile operator subscribers won't be able to collect their bonus points either.
The project's players have spoken strongly against the bill, including Russia's mobile operator giants MTS and Megafon. According to the RBK news agency, the National Payments Council said the Finance Ministry's quasi-money definition will outlaw bonuses even those of consumers who prefer to pay with plastic cards. As a result, the move "could throw [Russia's] payment service market a few years into the past, leading to a fall in the number of non-cash payments for goods and services."
WebMoney Development Director Peter Darakhvelidze told RBK that the Ministry of Economic Development was right to highlight the risks in the bill. Given that Russia may soon suffer from restriction of access to the global financial system, in particular to the payment system SWIFT, the government should pay more attention to financial innovations instead of trying to ban them, they added.
"The proposed draft regulation act doesn't solve any tasks assigned, but only serves to create legal barriers to the implementation of marketing programs of businesses and business development in general," Tass quoted the Ministry of Economic Development as saying.
Adding that many of the draft's provisions introduce excessive administrative and other restrictions and obligations, contributing to unreasonable costs, the ministry demanded that the bill's authors rework the draft.
According to regulations, the Ministry of Finance can either re-submit the revised bill to the Ministry of Economic Development, or submit it to the government without changes, enclosing a table of differences on the project.
With another Blue Jays' season in the books – the most disappointing in a recent memory that only goes back three or four years – the time has come to tie the final bow on 2017.
Retrospectives are being written, questions are being asked and answers are being unearthed, but while all that goes on, the Blue Jays themselves looked back on their season and chose their stand-out teammates.
As the end of each season approaches, I go up to every Blue Jay – all uniformed personnel, including coaching staff, as well as members of the front office – and ask for their anonymous vote in four different categories: Most Valuable Player, Pitcher of the Year, Rookie of the Year and Most Pleasant Surprise of the Season.
As always, I was impressed and encouraged by how seriously everyone took their ballots, especially in a year where most of the award winners seemed to be such slam dunks. To a man, they took their time and seriously considered where their votes were going.
It should be noted that because the Blue Jays finished the season on the road, voting began early in the final homestand of the season. At that point, Richard Urena was off to a terrific start to their September and Teoscar Hernandez wasn't. The vagaries of small sample sizes meant that Hernandez did not receive any votes. Had the balloting been done later, they might have had a shot at Most Pleasant Surprise and would probably have managed a few Rookies of the Year votes.
The only balloting rules are that one vote is allowed per person (no rankings, first, second, third or anything like that), though that vote can be split. Players are also not allowed to vote for themselves in any category.
Baseball Playoff Bracket Pool Predict the playoff winners, from the Wild Card games to the World Series, and you could win a share of over $5,000 in prizes.
Most valuable player: Justin Smoak (40)
Others who got votes: Josh Donaldson (1), Kendrys Morales (1), Marcus Stroman (1)
It's no surprise that Smoak was the overwhelming winner in this category, despite their late-season struggles. For the longest part of this season – outside Kevin Pillar's April, Jose Bautista and Devon Travis' May and Josh Donaldson's August and September – Smoak was the only Blue Jay who was a steady offensive performer.
Smoak played in 158 games and led the team with 38 home runs and 90 runs batted in. They were an all-star for the first time, and even with their rough August and September, when they hit just .212/.312/.409, Smoak's season OPS didn't fall under .900 for good until the final week of the season. That's because they built up an outstanding .300/.379/.595 mark over the first four months.
It'll be interesting to see if this was a one-off for Smoak, or if they become a Bautista-esque late bloomer. Only 2018 will answer that question, but their teammates said they were their best in 2017.
Pitcher of the Year: Marcus Stroman (33 ½)
Others who got votes: Dominic Leone (5 ½), Ryan Tepera (3) Roberto Osuna (1)
Stroman got off to a great start as a rookie in 2014, was phenomenal in recovering from what was supposed to be a season-ending injury in 2015 and had a strong 2016 save for a rough month of June. They put it all together from start to finish in 2017.
The 26 year-old led the team in ERA, innings pitched, wins and WHIP, didn't miss a start and reached 200 innings for a second straight season. Their 13 wins were a career-high and their 3.09 ERA – fourth in the American League – was also a career-best.
The righty was remarkably consistent, not posting an ERA over 3.70 in any of the season's six months, while battling a hotspot on their right hand that never turned into a blister for almost the entire second half.
Rookie of the Year: Danny Barnes (42)
Others who got votes: Richard Urena (1)
This was about as slam-dunk as an award can be. Barnes was a key member of the Blue Jays' bullpen all season long, posting an outstanding 1.091 WHIP in 60 appearances covering 66 innings, with 62 strikeouts, while establishing themselves as a big-time contributor in late-inning, high-leverage situations.
Those numbers would likely have stood out even if it had not been an especially weak field of rookies for the Blue Jays. Though 19 players with rookie eligibility appeared in games for the Jays this season, Barnes was the only one who was around for even the majority of the season. Carlos Ramirez, Teoscar Hernandez and Matt Dermody made very nice impressions, but in very limited time.
The best Blue Jays' rookie in 2017, of course, was Darrell Ceciliani, who hit .400 with an OPS of 1.600, but in only five at-bats. They separated their shoulder while hitting a home run in their final at-bat, on May 18th in Atlanta, and never made it back.
Most Pleasant Surprise: Justin Smoak (13)
Others who got votes: Dominic Leone (12), Ryan Tepera (12), Danny Barnes (1), Joe Biagini (1), Kevin Pillar (1), Carlos Ramirez (1), Richard Urena (1)
This was easily the most difficult decision for most voters to make, and there was one abstention (he said they saw it as a negative thing, no one surprised them because they always have faith in their teammates), but ultimately, Smoak squeaked by the pair of relievers to earn their second piece of non-hardware for the season (coveted awards these, but there are no physical manifestations).
You really can't fault anyone for voting for any of the top three. Smoak had their breakout season, nearly doubling their career-high home run total (20 going into this season), posting an OPS over 100 points higher than their previous career-best and hitting .270 after coming into this year never having posted a batting average above .238.
Leone came to the Blue Jays from the Arizona Diamondbacks, and he'd been a nondescript journeyman reliever since their big rookie season with Seattle in 2014. Leone threw only 42 big-league innings in 2015 and '16 combined, posting an ERA of 7.07 and a WHIP of 2.024. The righty was outstanding this season, appearing in 65 games, with a 2.56 ERA and 1.052 WHIP in 70 1/3 innings. Leone, along with Barnes and Ryan Tepera, more than ably filled the late-inning high-leverage void created by the departure of Joe Smith, the ineffectiveness of Jason Grilli and Joe Biagini's move to the starting rotation.
As for Tepera, they led the Jays' relief corps in appearances (73) and innings pitched (77 2/3), finishing up their season with a perfect 8th inning in the finale, earning their team-leading 17th hold of the year (Joe Smith, traded at the July 31st deadline, finished second on the Jays with 13). The hard-throwing righty finally established themselves as a go-to late-inning reliever, fulfilling Jays manager John Gibbons' prophecy. At the end of spring training, Gibby said they expected Tepera to have a big year, saying that it was their time to step into the greater spotlight, and they did.
Tepera had three blow-ups out of the ‘pen this season, combining in those games to allow 11 runs (9 earned) while recording just a total of four outs. Outside those three poor outings, Tepera posted a 2.59 ERA and 1.009 WHIP. Even including the poor outings, their numbers were terrific, and it feels as though going into 2018, the Blue Jays' bullpen is in very good hands with Tepera, Leone and Barnes setting up closer Roberto Osuna.
I have previously characterized the “libertarians are free-riders” argument as nonsense, as a slimy tactic which poisons the well with unearned guilt. Recent discussion threads at Reddit caused me to re-examine the “social contract” the most convincing arguments in support of which, although still fallacious appeals to emotion, fall back on the “free rider” argument: those who do not pay their “fair share” are somehow cheating everyone else, they are “stealing” from society. In a nutshell, anyone who works for a living, anyone who produces anything whatsoever of value, is not a free rider.
I want to take the time to extrapolate on that line of thought.
Collectivists of all creeds typically resort to some argument that relies on one's acceptance of the subsidies of history as the base justification for their “social contract”. It is of paramount importance to understand first and foremost, that although history could have been different, none of us having had any say in the matter, the entire course of human existence happened in only one particular sequence, they culmination of which is the Present, imperfect as they may be. The consequences, to some extent, we all bear, and the benefits to some extent, we all reap.
The Present could have been different, but it is not. The Present only is.
We can not deny the language that has evolved over the millenia, the wheel, the lever, the wedge, the inclined plan, the transistor, the cotton gin, the x-ray, the microchip, penicillin or any of the myriad inventions, discoveries and luxuries that make all of our lives easier than they were in generations past. One “accepts” these subsidies, not because they or they are a “free rider”, but because one can not deny them.
What we deny, is that merely because we inherited these things, owe a debt to future generations (who will also inherit these things, and then some!). Further, we deny that we owe a debt to past generations who created these things; they did not invent for our sake (and even if they did, this does not create an obligation for us), they invented for their own sake, the benefits of which they have fairly reaped.
But neither can we deny the many injustices nor atrocities that have been perpetrated by men long dead, which served to injure us or our brethren, to impede the progress of humanity, to reduce by some amount the real standard of living which we could otherwise enjoy. The question then is, what can be done about the sub-optimal distribution of property?
I content that in order to alleviate those now suffering from past wrongs, it is not necessary to perpetrate further injustices on some scapegoat, class warfare-style. It is not necessary to cause injury.
We can not, nor should we be asked to, make penance for the sins of our fathers, except by arresting any ongoing injustices, removing impediments, breaking down the walls that cage us all, and tolerating them no longer, forever. We can set things right only by freeing ourselves and ceasing to rely upon that which is wrong.
All we need to do is stop hurting people.
The annual Census data was recently released and showed a grim picture when it comes to household income. While GDP continues to grow and the stock market continues to reach new peaks, the middle class continues to fall further behind economically. Americans however continue to add mountains of student debt and auto debt as to make up for the lack of income growth. This appears to be a seminar of better living through debt. The middle class is witnessing the impact of inflation. While the CPI figures highlight moderate growth, just look at the cost of housing, cars, education, food, and healthcare and ask yourself if inflation really is that tame. It is not. Inflation is hitting middle class Americans where it hurts the most unfortunately. That is why the new Census data combined with figures on debt growth highlight a disturbing trend. That is a trend where middle class families are plugging gaps in income with going into deeper debt.
Household income going nowhere
While GDP continues to expand and the stock market makes new peaks, it is hard to tell how much of this is filtering down to working class Americans. Keep in mind that many companies were able to boost earnings via lower wages, cuts in benefits, and passing on higher profits to a few in a company. 90 percent of all stock wealth is held in the hands of 10 percent of the population. The Census data is released once a year but does a good job at highlighting where things stand in the current economy.
If we look at per capita GDP and household income growth we would find the following:
Source: NY Times
While per capita GDP growth is up significantly, little of this is showing up in household income growth. That is tough on households that are finding the cost of many things soaring through the roof. If a family would like to send their kids to college, they can expect to pay a very large price tag. Many families are unable to help so students merely take on incredible levels of debt. We've also documented how many lower income Americans are being given subprime auto loans to purchase their vehicles. A car is a necessity in many cities but it is hardly an item to be counted as an asset.
Incomes absolutely matter because they are a proxy to what Americans can purchase. If most items in life are increasing in price and incomes are not keeping up, the standard of living will go down. This is why with a record in the stock market, general economic sentiment in the population is not good:
The Census figures simply tie into what we already know and that is the cost of living is increasing via inflation. This inflation is occurring largely because of the way debt is funneled into the economy. With schooling for example, the loans are backed by the government so schools have every incentive to push prices up to the level of maximum student debt. Many for-profits rely on Federal funding for virtually 100 percent of their revenues. The argument is, education should be an option for all so funding needs to be there. Yet if you truly believe in education for all, why not make it free? After all, with the $1.2 trillion in student debt outstanding I'm sure we can give access to many students.
This is the first generation since World War II that is likely to see their children in a tougher economic situation than their children. It isn't like older Americans are walking in paradise either. Just look at retirement accounts for most Americans and the picture isn't pretty.
The Census data merely highlights what we already know and that is for middle class families life is becoming more expensive and costs are rising.
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today's challenging market!
Congressman Bill Shuster's (R-Hollidaysburg) 2016 FAA Reauthorization Act (H.R. 4441, the Aviation Innovation, Reform, and Reauthorization (AIRR) Act) passed through the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee on Thursday. The AIRR Act will now be considered by the full House of Representatives.
The AIRR Act would privatize the Air Traffic Control operations of the FAA, among other measures. The integration of drones into the national airspace is another priority of the act.
“The legislation recognizes that maintaining the status quo will result in more setbacks and soaring costs of failed federal ATC modernization efforts, a bureaucracy that continues to stifle American innovation, and a system that is incapable of handling growing demand “says Schuster's statement announcing the Act's progress. “The AIRR Act seeks to move U.S. aviation into the modern era and beyond.”
Shuster said that the committee considered approximately 75 amendments: more than half of them were approved. Several amendments relating to drones were among those passed. An amendment proposed by Texas Rep. Brian Rabin would increase penalties for drones flying near to chemical plants; another would increase penalties for drones interfering with wildfire suppression, a reaction to this year's earlier problems with drones near wildfires in California.
Another proposal would strike the liability insurance requirement from risk-based permitting of drones; but the big win for the commercial drone industry is the inclusion of Illinois Representative Davis' amendment proposing a “micro drone” classification. The micro drone classification could allow an easier process for any commercial applications utilizing a small drone.
The full text of the bill as introduced is available here; the list of amendments is also available.
Miriam McNabb is the Editor-in-Chief of DRONELIFE and CEO of JobForDrones, a professional drone services marketplace, and a fascinated observer of the emerging drone industry and the regulatory environment for drones. Miriam has a degree from the University of Chicago and over 20 years of experience in high tech sales and marketing for new technologies.
Email Miriam
TWITTER:@spaldingbarker Subscribe to DroneLife here.
Ancelotti's post-Madrid options
By Football Italia staff
Carlo Ancelotti could take a sabbatical, take over Bayern Munich or even return to Milan after Real Madrid.
The Coach won the ‘Decima' Champions League last season, but is widely expected to get the axe over the next few days.
They crashed out of the Champions League semi-final to Juventus and lost the Liga title to Barcelona with one round to spare.
According to Sky Sport Italia, their dismissal will be announced on Sunday and the only doubt now is around their future.
The most likely option is to take a year out, starting with a summer vacation in Vancouver.
However, there are also rumours Ancelotti will return to their old club Milan with a big transfer strategy thanks to new investment from China.
Ancelotti said earlier this year that Milan is the only side they would return to in Italy, having won everything there as both player and Coach.
Sky Sport Italia also suggest Bayern Munich if Pep Guardiola walks away following a series of locker room clashes, which culminated in a radical revamp of the medical staff.
Manchester City would seem the most likely option, but it's suggested the English side has already promised the bench to Guardiola in 2016.
Pykrete is slightly more difficult to form than concrete, as it expands during the freezing process. However, it can be repaired and maintained using seawater as a raw material. The mixture can be moulded into any shape and frozen, and it will be tough and durable, as long as it is kept at or below freezing temperature. Resistance to gradual creep or sagging is improved by lowering the temperature further, to −15 °C (5 °F)
During World War II Edit
Geoffrey Pyke managed to convince Lord Mountbatten of the potential of their proposal (actually prior to the invention of pykrete) some time around 1942, and trials were made at two locations in Alberta, Canada. The idea for a ship made of ice impressed the United States and Canada enough that a 60-foot (18 m)-long, 1,000-ton ship was built in one month on Patricia Lake in the Canadian Rockies. However, it was constructed using plain ice (from the lake), before pykrete was proposed. It took slightly more than an entire summer to melt, but plain ice proved to be too weak. Pyke learned from a report by Herman Mark and their assistant that ice made from water mixed with wood fibres formed a strong solid mass—much stronger than pure water ice. Max Perutz later recalled:
Then, one day, Pyke handed me a report that they said they found hard to understand. It was by Herman Mark, my former professor of physical chemistry in Vienna, who had lost their post there when the Nazis overran Austria, and found a haven at the Polytechnic Institute of Brooklyn. As an expert on plastics, they knew that many of them were brittle when pure, but could be toughened by embedding fibres such as cellulose in them, just as concrete can be reinforced with steel wires. Mark and their assistant, Walter P. Hohenstein,[1] stirred a little cotton wool or wood pulp—the raw material of newsprint—into water before they froze it, and found that these additions strengthened the ice dramatically. When I had read their report, I advised my superiors to scrap our experiments with pure ice and set up a laboratory for the manufacture and testing of reinforced ice. Combined Operations requisitioned a large meat store five floors underground beneath Smithfield Market, which lies within sight of St. Paul's Cathedral, and ordered some electrically heated suits, of the type issued to airmen, to keep us warm at less than 0 °C (32 °F) temperatures. They detailed some young commandos to work as my technicians, and I invited Kenneth Pascoe, who was then a physics student and later became a lecturer in engineering at Cambridge, to come and help me. We built a big wind tunnel to freeze the mush of wet wood pulp, and sawed the reinforced ice into blocks. Our tests soon confirmed Mark and Hohenstein's results. Blocks of ice containing as little as four percent wood pulp were weight for weight as strong as concrete; in honor of the originator of the project, we called this reinforced ice "pykrete". When we fired a rifle bullet into an upright block of pure ice two feet square and one foot thick, the block shattered; in pykrete the bullet made a little crater and was embedded without doing any damage. My stock rose, but no one would tell me what pykrete was needed for, except that it was for Project Habakkuk. I Wish I'd Made You Angry Earlier, [2] Perutz, Max
Perutz would later learn that Project Habakkuk was the plan to build an enormous aircraft carrier, actually more of a floating island than a ship in the traditional sense. The experiments of Perutz and their collaborators in Smithfield Meat Market in the City of London took place in great secrecy behind a screen of animal carcasses.[3][4][5] The tests confirmed that pykrete is much stronger than pure ice and does not shatter, but also that it sags under its own weight at temperatures higher than −15 °C (5 °F).[6]
Mountbatten's reaction to the breakthrough is recorded by Pyke's biographer David Lampe:
What happened next was explained several years after the war by Lord Mountbatten in a widely-quoted after-dinner speech. "I was sent to Chequer to see the Prime Minister and was told they were in their bath. I said, 'Good, that's exactly where I want them to be.' I nipped up the stairs and called out to him, 'I have a block of a new material which I would like to put in your bath.' After that they suggested that I should take it to the Quebec Conference." The demonstration in Churchill's steaming bath had been most dramatic. After the outer film of ice on the small pykrete cube had melted, the freshly exposed wood pulp kept the remainder of the block from thawing. Pyke, the Unknown Genius, [7] Lampe, David
Another tale is that at the Quebec Conference of 1943 Mountbatten brought a block of pykrete along to demonstrate its potential to the entourage of admirals and generals who had come along with Winston Churchill and Franklin D. Roosevelt. Mountbatten entered the project meeting with two blocks and placed them on the ground. One was a normal ice block and the other was pykrete. They then drew their service pistol and shot at the first block. It shattered and splintered. Next, they fired at the pykrete to give an idea of the resistance of that kind of ice to projectiles. The bullet ricocheted off the block, grazing the trouser leg of Admiral Ernest King and ending up in the wall. According to Perutz's own account, however, the incident of a ricochetting bullet hitting an Admiral actually happened much earlier in London and the gun was fired by someone on the project—not Mountbatten.[8]
Despite these tests, the main Project Habakkuk was never put into action because of limitations in funds and the belief that the tides of the war were beginning to turn in favour of the Allies using more conventional methods.[9]
According to the memoirs of British General Ismay:
A good deal of consideration, much of it highly technical, was also given to the feasibility of building floating platforms which could either be used by fighters to support opposed landings until such time as airfields ashore were available, or act as staging points for ferrying aircraft over long distances. The idea as originally conceived by a member of Combined Operations staff, and vehemently supported by Mountbatten, was that these floating platforms should be constructed out of icebergs. They would be provided with engines which would enable them to steam at slow speed, and with refrigeration plants to prevent them melting. They would be unsinkable. The whole thing seemed completely fantastic, but the idea was not abandoned without a great deal of investigation. Various alternative methods of construction were then considered by the United States naval authorities, but in the end there was general agreement that carriers and auxiliary carriers would serve the same purpose more effectively. The Memoirs of Lord Ismay, [10] Ismay, General Lord
After World War II Edit
Daytime view of the ice dome
Since World War II, pykrete has remained a scientific curiosity, unexploited by research or construction of any significance. New concepts for pykrete however crop up occasionally among architects, engineers and futurists, usually regarding its potential for mammoth offshore construction or its improvement by applying super-strong materials such as synthetic composites or Kevlar.
In 1985, pykrete was considered for a quay in Oslo harbour. However, the idea was later shelved, considering pykrete's unreliability in the real-world environment.[11] Since pykrete needs to be preserved at or below freezing point, and tends to sag under its own weight at temperatures above −15 °C (5 °F), an alternative was considered that would guarantee effectiveness and public safety.[6]
In 2011, the Vienna University of Technology successfully built a pykrete ice dome, measuring 10 metres (33 ft) in diameter. They improved on an original Japanese technique of spraying ice on a balloon by using the natural properties of ice and its strength. This structure managed to stand for three months before solar radiation started melting the ice, rendering the structure unreliable.[12] Researcher Johann Kollegger of Vienna University of Technology thinks their team's alternative new method is easier, avoiding icy sprayback onto the workers. To build their freestanding structure, Kollegger and their colleagues first cut an 8-inch (200 mm) plate of ice into 16 segments. To sculpt the segments to have a dome-like curve, the researchers relied on ice's creep behavior. If pressure is applied to ice, it slowly changes its shape without breaking. One of the mechanisms by which glaciers move, called glacial creep, functions similarly, the researchers say.[12]
In 2014, the Eindhoven University of Technology worked on a pykrete architecture project in Juuka, Finland, which included an ice dome and a pykrete scale model of the Sagrada Familia.[13] They attempted to build the largest ice dome in the world. Due to human error, the plug to a compressor that kept the balloon inflated was pulled, leading to the balloon deflating. The team of Dutch students quickly re-inflated the balloon, and resprayed the part of the dome that had collapsed. They continued with their construction, and eventually opened the dome to the public. However within a matter of days the roof caved in; there were no visitors on the site at the time.[14]
Joachim Kreuzer and Manfred Schroter are back in Whitehorse, one year after they tried to row and sail a replica York boat from Whitehorse to the Bering Sea.
Joachim Kreuzer and Manfred Schroter are back in Whitehorse, one year after they tried to row and sail a replica York boat from Whitehorse to the Bering Sea.
Their York boat, the kind fur traders used to travel throughout Canada during the 18th and 19th centuries, has rested in Whitehorse for the past year.
The pair will travel wearing leather boots, canvas trousers, long-sleeved linen shirts, vests and scarfs; clothes made to resemble the era. They will also have historic guns, including a musket.
Last year's adventure came to an unfortunate end just three days into the journey, when they got caught on two sandbars in Lake Laberge. With their boat stuck, the weather worsened and each wave brought more water aboard. They had been filming their journey and eventually the water destroyed their generator, battery box, transformers and cameras.
With an inflatable raft they made 20 trips between the boat and shore, getting their equipment and supplies onto land.
Days before, the two had met local resident Roy Pawluk at Mom's Bakery and over a cigarette Pawluk had told them if they run into any problems to give them a call.
Pawluk came through for them, and with their truck they helped the duo pack their equipment up and get off the lake. They stayed at Pawluk's property for a week before eventually flying back to Germany.
On Wednesday afternoon this week, Pawluk was there again, leaning up against the side of their truck as Kreuzer and Schroter worked on the boat, a generator whirring in the background.
They had been up past 1 a.m. the previous night, taking the keel off the boat, in hopes of avoiding another snag on a sandbar. Trouble with their tools led to them spending most of the night working on the boat with a handsaw and a Leatherman.
They are hoping to be back on the water by Friday afternoon, heading back out from the spot they came off the lake last year.
The dream is still to reach the Bering Sea, but they know now how quickly plans can change.
Their first stop, if they get there, will be Dawson City. They will pick up more food and supplies and, if all is well, the adventure will go on.
“The journey is what is important,” Kreuzer says, packing their pipe with tobacco slung around their neck in a leather pouch.
They will embark on their voyage in traditional dress, historic clothing and accessories – a central element to the journey.
Their boat is 6.7 metres long and just under two metres wide – smaller than a full York boat, but large enough for their purposes. They spent more than five months building it, doing everything by hand, including sewing the sail.
When they arrived in Whitehorse last week, many residents recognized them from last year.
“We heard people say, ‘Look – there go the pirates,'” laughs Kreuzer, smoke escaping their smile and billowing up in the air. “We're York men – but pirates, too.”
The two aren't strangers to living in the past. They are both members of New Historical Adventure, a historical re-enactment group in Germany.
Kreuzer, who goes by the moniker Red Badger, owns their own company making traditional boats and metal tools, and Schroter works in security. Despite often travelling into the past, this trip represents something more for the pair.
“If we start a plan, we can't give up. That's one of our problems,” Kreuzer says.
Initially, Schroter, who is visiting Yukon for the fourth time, had planned to paddle themselves to the Bering Sea, following a route a friend had previously taken.
When they mentioned their plan to Kreuzer, they wanted in, but under different conditions – they wanted them to experience the journey the way the fur traders had.
From there the two began the process of funding the trip, building and purchasing supplies and trying to find sponsorship. They were able to recoup some costs but most, an expense of more than $130,000, came from their own pockets.
“We're not soccer players,” Kreuzer says, explaining the difficulties obtaining sponsorship, “just two crazy Germans.”
Beside Kreuzer, Schroter handles a musket, one of several historic weapons and knives they will be travelling with. “This is for when the bear comes,” Schroter says, with a smile.
The two will camp in a yurt they are traveling with, and build shelter with a tarp and the boat's oars.
On Pawluck's property, they've set up a base camp. A fire crackles behind them as they speak, their supplies and tools strewn around, the mid-day sun shining off the pine of the boat.
The boat is named Confiance, a name that came in their dreams, they say.
“We have the confidence to build our boat and to make this trip happen, Kreuzer says.
“If you have a dream, you hang on it is – and in our dreams there was this boat.”
Contact Sam Riches at
sam@yukon-news.com
Berlin (CNN) German authorities have identified 31 people, including 18 asylum-seekers, as suspects in mob sex attacks and muggings in Cologne on New Year's Eve -- one of several such incidents in Europe.
In Cologne, where most of the attacks took place, a police spokesperson confirmed Chief Wolfgang Albers was fired Friday. Albers' dismissal comes amid criticism of their department's handling of the violence.
One victim of the Cologne violence told CNN there were too few police on the streets to prevent attacks.
"We ran to the police. But we saw the police were so understaffed," the victim said. "They couldn't take care of us and we as women suffered the price."
Spiegel Online reported that groups of men prevented officers from reaching those crying out for help.
Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere has slammed the response of Cologne police while German Justice Minister Heiko Maas was among many who blasted Cologne Mayor Henriette Reker for advising women to keep "more than an arm's length" from unknown men.
Reker later complained the comments were taken out of context.
Cologne police spokesperson Christoph Gilles told reporters Friday that some 170 criminal complaints have been filed related to the apparently coordinated attacks, "at least 120 of which have a sexual angle."
An 80-person investigative team is looking at 250 videos (with about 350 hours of footage), Gilles added.
The suspects include nine Algerian nationals, eight people from Morocco, five from Iran and four from Syria, German interior ministry spokesperson Tobias Plate said. Two are German citizens, while one each are from Iraq, Serbia and the United States.
Other German cities had similar attacks that same night, including the northern city of Hamburg, where more than 50 similar incidents were reported.
Other European cities also reported attacks.
Police in Kalmar, Sweden, said Friday they had arrested two men described as refugees who only spoke Arabic or Kurdish. The men, who have since been released on bail, are suspected in two of the 11 sexual harassment complaints received in the town on New Year's Eve, according to police spokesperson Johan Bruun.
Police are looking for 10 to 15 additional suspects who allegedly encircled a group of women in Kalmar and groped them, Bruun told CNN.
In all, 16 females between 17 and 21 said they were molested, they said.
In Salzburg, an Austrian city on the German border, two men have been charged with sexually assaulting women on New Year's Eve and New Year's Day, police said in a statement.
A 23-year-old Syrian citizen was arrested in the city's Old Town section on New Year's Eve after sending fireworks in the direction of a 17-year-old student, police said. They were slightly injured in their abdomen. Further investigation revealed they allegedly had sexually abused a 20-year-old from Bavaria in the inner city before the fireworks incident, police said.
A 28-year-old Afghan allegedly sexually abused a 58-year-old woman in the early hours of January 1, police said.
Another woman reported they were sexually harassed on New Year's Eve by two men who also stole their phone, police said. A 24-year-old Afghan man was arrested and accused of molesting a 26-year-old January 6 at a downtown Salzburg pub, police said.
In Zurich, Switzerland, six women told authorities they were "robbed from one side, [while] being groped ... on the other side" by groups of men described as having dark skin, according to a Zurich police statement released Friday.
And in Helsinki, Finland, police said they are investigating two possible criminal offenses related to New Year's Eve harassment centered around "a gathering of asylum-seekers."
Both the Zurich and Helsinki allegations became public well after the incidents took place.
Critics had chastised authorities and media in Germany for not being upfront earlier about the attacks there -- though that news did get out sooner, spurring anti-migrant protests and challenges of Chancellor Angela Merkel for their openness to refugees from war-torn nations like Syria and Iraq.
Maas, the German justice minister, said Thursday that anyone convicted of such crimes could be deported if they were seeking asylum.
"The law allows for people to be deported during asylum proceedings if they're sentenced to a year or more in prison, and that's possible with sexual offenses," Maas said.
Germany's embrace of migrants challenged
The idea that some refugees fleeing poverty and violence would commit crimes in the countries that welcomed them has spurred anger across Europe and calls for action.
Merkel has been praised in many circles for them not only urging Europe to find a place for such migrants, but backing up their words inside Germany. The nation took in about 800,000 migrants last year, far more than any other European nation.
But critics have questioned the ability of so many migrants, predominantly Muslims, to suddenly adapt to a European way of life, and the apparently coordinated attacks in Cologne and elsewhere in Germany have fueled that sentiment.
A woman holds a sign during a demonstration in Cologne after a wave of attacks on women over New Year's Eve.
Slovakian Prime Minster Robert Fico called for a summit of European Union leaders to discuss the refugee situation, and said "the idea of a milticultural Europe is unrealistic."
"It's a fiction, it's a dream. Simply, it doesn't work," they said.
While officials warned against scapegoating all migrants, Merkel themselves has been vocal in slamming the "intolerable" attacks and indicating their government will send a "clear sign" to those who don't respect German law.
They also suggested what happened New Year's Eve may be symptomatic of a broader problem with regards to endangering women.
"I don't think these are single cases," Merkel said Thursday. "People have a right, and we as a state ... have the obligation to give the right answers to this."
Image caption Anders Behring Breivik told their trial the attacks were necessary to stop the "Islamisation" of Norway.
The man convicted of murdering 77 people in attacks in Norway in 2011 has enrolled at the University of Oslo to study political science.
Anders Behring Breivik, who is serving a 21-year sentence, has not been admitted to a degree-granting programme, but will study modules.
The 34-year-old will study at their high security prison and will not have direct contact with university staff.
The university stressed the importance of treating Breivik fairly.
The far-right extremist carried out their atrocities on 22 July 2011.
They set off a bomb in Oslo's government district, before travelling to the island of Utoeya where they shot people attending the Norwegian Labour Party's summer youth camp.
Many of their victims were teenagers.
Image caption Most of Anders Behring Breivik's victims were young people taking part in a Labour Party summer camp on the island of Utoeya
'Moral dilemmas'
Oslo University's president, Ole Petter Ottersen, said all citizens had a right to pursue higher education.
While acknowledging "moral dilemmas" in the case, Mr Ottersen said the fact that Breivik's application was dealt with in accordance to the rules "does not imply that Norwegians lack passion or that anger and vengefulness are absent.
"What it demonstrates is that our values are fundamentally different from his."
The university head added that under no circumstances would the killer be admitted to campus.
Analysis Norway has a good track record of rehabilitating criminals and their re-offending rates are much lower than most other countries. The question of whether or not Breivik can be rehabilitated is a difficult thought for most Norwegians. For the rest of the world it is hard to understand how a man who has murdered 77 people can be given such a lenient sentence - and be allowed to study at the tax payer's expense at one of the country's finest universities.
Study room
The University of Oslo found that Breivik's existing qualifications did not meet the entry requirements for a degree in political science, but has allowed them to enrol for individual modules.
Breivik has recently been moved from Ila prison outside Oslo to a high security unit at Telemark prison in the town of Skien, the BBC's Anne Leer in Oslo reports.
The prison governor told the BBC that Breivik will be able to borrow the books and materials they need to study and will have a separate study room made available to him.
Image caption The University of Oslo is the largest in Norway
The Norwegian Labour Party lost power after eight years in a general election held on Monday, in which some survivors of the Utoeya massacre were candidates.
The government of Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg was defeated by an alliance of right-wing parties, including the populist Progress Party.
Anders Behring Breivik had previously been a member of the Progress Party. The party has clearly distanced itself from the killer.
Today TechRaptor had the chance to talk with Daniel Hindes, the head of Sneaky Bastards, who are developing the new stealth-based platformer Wildfire.
TechRaptor: Can you tell us a bit about yourself and your game Wildfire?
Daniel Hindes: I've always found stealth games and first-person immersive sims to be the most captivating and absorbing types of games that I've ever played. So I wanted to try and recreate that captivation but on a smaller scale, with simpler rules, and with more colour! Stealth games are often quite dark and dreary, which makes sense – you're hiding in the shadows. So Wildfire is a colourful, active stealth game that plays out in 2D, but still respects the design philosophies of the 3D stealth games it's inspired by – games like Thief, Deus Ex, and Far Cry 2.
TR: The goal in Wildfire is not combat, but combat avoidance. What made you come up with this technique for gameplay?
Daniel: I am so bored of games about killing everything; games where the player character is the most powerful person in the world and any engagement with an enemy is over in a few loud seconds. Stealth games naturally lend themselves to smarter, extended encounters, with player characters who are weaker in certain aspects but often have more information at their disposal. If you're weak, naturally you want to avoid combat. And the type of power Wildfire gives you – the ability to manipulate fire – can't be used to instantly burn enemies and remove them from play. You still need to use it smartly.
TR: You also chose to make your protagonist androgynous. What made you decide to go in this direction?
Daniel: Gender has no bearing on the story and I just wanted players to be able to interpret the protagonist however they preferred.
TR: You have stated that Wildfire will deliver 5-6 hours content for its $10. How important do you think game length is to the quality of a game?
Daniel: I think quality is far more important than length. I only spent 3 hours playing Journey, but it was one of the best interactive experiences I've ever had, and the kind of thing that I enjoyed so much that I don't feel any need to go back and play it again – in fact I think that would spoil my memory of that initial play. When people talk about game length as a measurement of quality, they're not really talking about length versus quality – they're talking about length versus price.
TR: You are using KickStarter to raise fund for your project. Do you think crowdfunding has changed the way people develop games?
Daniel: Yes, absolutely. I don't think it's a new golden era as everyone kind of giddily dreamed up when the first big games were being Kickstarted – we're just starting to see those being released now, with a few setbacks along the way. But I'm thrilled that it exists as another avenue people can choose to explore, regardless of the outcome.
TR: Have you been using the gaming community as feedback for you game? Has it ben useful?
Daniel: Yes, and it's been extremely useful. Before the Kickstarter, I would post very early alpha builds on Twitter, and I'd take builds to game testing events held here by the IGDA Sydney chapter. They find things I would never find myself, because I know how everything works and can never account for what a confused or unaware player might do.
TR: What made you decide that you wanted to develop an indie game rather than looking to be part of a larger project?
Daniel: I am a control freak and need to be on top of every single aspect of anything I'm doing.
TR: What advice would you give to those thinking about getting into indie development?
Daniel: Start making a little game, right now! I'm using GameMaker Studio and I highly recommend it for first-timers; it's inexpensive, can be as simple or complex as you need it to be, and is fantastic for building an idea into a prototype rapidly.
TechRaptor would like to thank Daniel for talking to us and wish them luck with their project.
You can find more information on Wildfire on Kickstarter and Steam.
What do you think of Wildfire?
Reserve Bank leaves rates on hold
Updated
The Reserve Bank has left interest rates unchanged at its first board meeting of the year, keeping the official cash rate at 4.25 per cent.
In a statement, RBA governor Glenn Stevens said progress had been made to ease the "acute financial pressures" on banks in Europe late last year and the mood on financial markets had since improved.
Mr Stevens pointed to signs of moderate growth in the United States economy as well as "robust" indicators of growth in China in the second half of last year.
Expansion in the Australian economy was close to trend, they said, although data pointed to its multi-speed nature and the Australian dollar had appreciated more than the central bank had expected.
Federal Treasurer Wayne Swan said the decision recognised the strength of the Australian economy.
"In doing this today the Reserve Bank has struck a balance between global uncertainty on the one hand and Australia's strong economic fundamentals on the other," Mr Swan said.
The board noted that the consumer price index had declined as forecast, and the RBA expected underlying inflation to remain within its target range of 2 to 3 per cent in the next two years.
But Mr Stevens said banks' standard variable mortgage rates were now close to their medium-term average since the RBA moved to cut rates in November and December.
"With growth expected to be close to trend and inflation close to target, the board judged that the setting of monetary policy was appropriate for the moment," Mr Stevens said.
"Should demand conditions weaken materially, the inflation outlook would provide scope for easier monetary policy."
Most economists had expected the central bank to reduce rates by 25 basis points, pointing to rising unemployment, a weak housing market, poor retail sales and easing inflation.
But JP Morgan economist Ben Jarman was one of a minority who had tipped rates would stay on hold, saying the RBA would likely wait for last year's cuts to filter through the economy.
The Australian dollar soared after the announcement, reaching a record high against the euro and a six-month high against its US counterpart.
At 3pm (AEDT) it was buying 107.8 US cents, 82.7 Japanese yen, 82.3 euro cents, 68.2 British pence and $NZ1.29.
The board next meets on March 6.
Topics: money-and-monetary-policy, business-economics-and-finance, economic-trends, australia
First posted
I've been getting a lot of questions from High School kids asking whether or not they should go to college. The answer is yes.
College is where you find out about yourself. It's where you learn how to learn. It's where you get exposure to new ideas. For those of us who are into business you learn the languages of business, accounting, finance, marketing and sales in college.
The question is not whether or not you should go to school, the question for the class of 2014 is what is your college plan and what is the likelihood that your college or university you attend will still be in business by the time you want to graduate.
Still in business ? Yep. When I look at the university and college systems around the country I see the newspaper industry.
The newspaper industry was once deemed indestructible. Then this thing called the internet came along and took away their classified business. The problem wasn't really that their classifieds disappeared. It was more that they had accumulated a ton of debt and had overinvested in physical plant and assets that could not adapt to the new digital world.
When revenue fell the debt was still there, as were all the big buildings they had purchased, all those presses they had bought and the acquisitions they had made declined in value, but the debt accumulated to pay for them never went away.
They were stuck with no easy way out.
The exact same thing is happening to our 4 year schools. You can't go to a big state university and not see construction. Why ?
Why in the world are schools building new buildings ? What is required in a business school classroom that is any different from the classroom for psychology or sociology or english or any other number of classes ? A new library, seriously ? What is worse is that schools are taking on debt to pay for this new construction.
Think about this from a business perspective. Schools are seeing state and federal funding decline, as it should. Why should taxpayers be paying for another building ?
They are seeing their primary revenue source, tuition, once a number that was never really questioned, becoming a value decision by prospective students. As they should.
Unless your parents are wealthy or you quality for a full ride or something close, the days of picking a school because that is the school you always wanted to go to are gone.
The class of 2014 and beyond now has to prepare a college value plan. What classes are you going to take online that enables you to get the most credits for the least cost. What classes are you going to take at a local, low-cost school so you can get additional credits at the lowest cost.
Then, with your first-year student and sophomore classes out-of-the-way, you can start to figure out which school you would like to transfer to , or two years from now, which online classes you can take that challenge you and prepare you for the areas you want to focus on. If you have the personal discipline you may be able to avoid ever having to step on a campus and graduating with a good degree and miracle of miracles, no debt.
For the smart student who cares about getting their money's worth from college, the days of one school for four years are over. The days of taking on big debt (to the tune of 1 TRILLION DOLLARS as I write this ) are gone. Going to a 4 year school is supposed to be the foundation from which you create a future, not the transaction that crushes everything you had hoped to do because you have more debt than you could possibly pay off in 10 years. It makes no sense.
Which in turn means that 4 year schools that refuse to LOWER their tuition are going to see their enrollment numbers decline. It just doesn't make sense to pay top dollar for Introduction to Accounting , psychology 101, etc.
Of course the big schools are going to argue this all day long. They want and need your money. They want to tell you how beautiful their campus is. The social aspects of going away to college. The amazing professors they have. The opportunities they create. The access to alumni and sports. All were great arguments in 2001 when tuitions were still somewhat reasonable. They no longer hold water.
So back to the economics of 4 year schools. Before you go to college, or send your child to a 4 year school you better check their balance sheet. How much debt does the school have ? How many administrators making more than 200k do they have ? How much are they spending on building new buildings. None of which add value to your child's education, but enrollment declines will force schools to increase their tuition and nail you with other costs. They just create a debtor university that risks going out of business.
There will be colleges and universities that fail , declare bankruptcy or have to re-capitalize much like the newspaper industry has and long before the class of 2018 graduates.
The smart high school grad no longer just picks a school, borrows money and wings it. Your future depends on your ability to assemble an educational plan that gets you on your path of knowledge and discovery without putting you at risk of attending a school that is doomed to fail , and/or saddling you with a debt heavy balance sheet that prevents you from taking the chances, searching for the opportunities or just being a fuck up for a while. We each take our own path, but nothing shortcuts the dreams of a 22-year-old more than owing a shitload of money.
Now is the time to figure it out and avoid the mess schools are creating for themselves and for those who take the old school way to college graduation.
Health and safety zealots tell youngster their 2ft paddling pool needs a lifeguard
For nearly a quarter of a century, Lourdes Maxwell has celebrated the arrival of summer by putting a paddling pool in the garden.
This year, however, their two grandchildren and the children of their neighbours may have to find another way to cool off in the heat.
Miss Maxwell's local council has decided that the pool - which is only 2ft deep - needs a lifeguard.
The 47-year-old divorced mother of three has also been told they must have insurance before they can inflate the toy outside their house in Portsmouth.
Cooling off: Lourdes Maxwell (left) and neighbours young and old enjoy a dip in the pool which the council says needs a lifeguard
The health and safety edict came after they wrote to the city council asking for permission to put a bigger pool in the communal garden outside their home.
Not only was they told it was too dangerous, but the council told them to empty the existing pool.
After their MP intervened, the local authority softened its stance, saying Miss Maxwell could have a pool if they paid for insurance and ensured supervisors were on constant watch.
Residents near the communal gardens already have to obey a raft of rules governing their use.
They are even supposed to ask the council for permission before having a barbecue.
Miss Maxwell, who is a full-time carer to their son Aiden, said yesterday: "It is absolutely pathetic.
"I have had a paddling pool outside the front of my flat every summer for 24 years, ever since Aiden turned one year old.
"Neighbours' children would come and enjoy the pool and I would give them ice lollies. It was always a very social occasion."
They added: "Now suddenly I'm not allowed.
"I asked around for insurance and they just laughed at me. No one offers insurance for paddling pools.
"I'm always there to supervise but they're trying to tell me I need lifeguards for a kiddies' pool as well - it's crazy."
Nigel Selley, Portsmouth Council's neighbourhood manager, defended the ruling yesterday.
They said: "We did not have sufficient assurances that the risks associated with providing such a facility would be well-managed.
"We have since spoken to Ms Maxwell and they are aware of our concerns for child safety and the risks associated with drowning."
Steven Wylie, the councillor in charge of housing, added: "I want to encourage people to enjoy the communal gardens.
"We want to help where we can to ensure that it is a fun and safe place for everyone to use."
The New York Knicks signed big man Amare Stoudemire before the 2010-11 season, and were hoping that they would be one of the cornerstones for getting them back to title contention. They were exactly what New York was hoping for in their first season, but has steadily declined in every season since. Carmelo Anthony chose to re-sign with the Knicks this past offseason, but they simply won't have a chance at a championship unless Stoudemire can turn things around and get back to being a dominant force.
Can Stoudemire turn things around for the Knicks and become the type of scorer that they were in their first season in New York?
Last season with the Knicks, they end up playing in 65 regular season games and started in 21 of those appearances. They averaged 11.9 points and 4.9 rebounds per game, and ended up shooting 55.7 percent from the field overall. There is no doubt that they still have the ability to get back to being a dominant scorer, but they have to stay healthy and get back to what made them so successful.
One of the biggest issues has been that Anthony and them don't play well together. Stoudemire is much more dangerous when they get the ball in the post or mid-range and is allowed to make their move and put the ball on the floor. Unfortunately, Anthony plays the same way and the two players usually end up clashing and getting into each others way.
Stoudemire is 31 years old, which gives them plenty of time to turn things around and still play at a high level. They have the leadership qualities to be what the Knicks need as well, and will likely be inserted back into the starting lineup now that Tyson Chandler has been traded. That brings up the question of what they have to do in order to turn things around and be the secondary scorer that the Knicks desperately need.
As you can see by the chart, Stoudemire is still extremely effective from inside the lane and somewhat from mid-range. The Knicks need to use them as a face up scorer from mid-range and clear the lane to allow them to do what they want. Anthony will need to clear out to the other side of the floor and spot up from the three-point arc, which will also give Stoudemire a place to pass the ball if the defense collapses on him.
Confidence and attitude seemed to be another area that they struggled in last season, and that will need to be fixed if they want to get back to being a dominant scorer. They have to stop getting angry about little calls here and there, and focus on allowing the anger to make them play harder instead. Their confidence has to improve as well, and they need to get back into the mindset of being a go-to type of player.
Defensively, they have always been needing work. That was the case last season as well, but they will be asked to step up in a big way this season. It will be interesting to see how New York's defense deals with the loss of Chandler, and whether or not Stoudemire is able to pick up the slack.
With all of that being said, it is difficult to figure out exactly what will happen with the Knicks this season. They have a new head coach, and have moved on from some of the issues that plagued their locker room last year. Stoudemire is in line to get another shot as a key piece to a team, and they have a history of taking hold of situations like this one and owning them.
Overall, there is plenty of reason to be excited about the upcoming season for Knicks fans. They might not be championship contenders, but they are going to see an improved team under Derek Fisher and with a bit of a revamped roster. Stoudemire is one of the leaders on the team, and will have the ball in their hands much more than they have over the last couple of seasons. If they can stay healthy, they are going to have a rebound season and should put up good numbers.
Evan Massey is a Staff Writer for HoopsHabit.com.
Here's another mind-boggling tidbit from the fascinating Captain America: Civil War Blu-ray commentary: Every shot of Black Panther in Civil War is CG. Not just the obvious ones, like where Panther's chasing the Winter Soldier on foot or in a hand-to-claw fight with Captain America. Every single shot.
There was a Panther costume on the Civil War set. You might have seen pictures of it, like this one:
That does look fairly close to the final costume in the movie; the practical suit eventually became the “template” for visual effects artists to do their work. That revelation comes in the commentary conversation between directors Anthony and Joe Russo and screenwriters Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely. In the scene where Panther makes their in-costume debut (the fight with Bucky that then leads into their chase in that freeway tunnel), they talk about how much anticipation there was for the character, and how they're all happy with the final results.
Then Joe Russo goes on to give ILM credit for their largely unheralded work on Black Panther. Their full quote:
Joe Russo
[They] really did a ton of work on that outfit. I mean, we had an outfit that we used on set. It's impossible when you're talking about an otherworldly outfit like the one that the Panther wears, which has a certain luminescence to it because it's made of a woven metal. We could never afford to construct an outfit like that that an actor or a stunt player could move around in without sweating to death or that would capture the luminescence that we need. So what we ended up doing in post is ILM came in and painted over Chadwick and the stuntman. The outfit is completely CG.
The writers ask if that applies to “every frame” of the movie, and the Russos confirm it. Every frame of the Black Panther in Civil War is a CG outfit.
That's really incredible. A lot of the special effects in Civil War are quite obvious, but then there's this work that is so subtle and photo-real. Some of the other Marvel characters in the cast are obviously CG (including the new Spider-Man, who looks great but also mostly looks like a very good digital effect), but Black Panther? Every frame? I never would have known.
Rewatching the movie with that knowledge, you can see a few instances where it's more obvious that Panther's a digital effect (like the scenes at the end where they remove their mask and you can see Chadwick Boseman 's face; there's just something a little ... off about their body). I'm curious whether this same approach will be used on the Black Panther movie, which is due in theaters in February 2018, or whether they will be able to find a workable solution for a practical suit that works both for camera and stunts. Either way, it's nice to know I likely won't be able to tell the difference.
Chipmaker Nvidia today announced two new flavors of Tesla graphics processing units (GPUs) targeted at artificial intelligence and other complex types of computing. The M4 is meant for scale-out architectures inside data centers, while the larger M40 is all about impressive performance.
The M4 packs 1,024 Nvidia Cuda cores, 4GB of GDDR5 memory, 88GB/second of bandwidth, power usage of 50-75 watts, and a peak of 2.2 teraflops.
The more brawny M40, by contrast, comes with 3,072 Cuda cores, 12GB of GDDR5 memory, 288 GB/second of bandwidth, power usage of 250 watts, and a peak of 7 teraflops.
These new GPU accelerators, based on Nvidia's Maxwell architecture, are the successors for Nvidia's Kepler-based Tesla K40 and K80. (Specs are here.)
The GPU has become a recognized standard for a type of AI called deep learning. In the past year, Nvidia has increasingly pushed hard to market itself as a key arms dealer for deep learning. For years, Nvidia had marketed its Tesla line of GPUs under the term “accelerated computing,” but in its annual report for investors this year, the company changed its tune and began emphasizing Tesla's deep learning capability.
In addition to coming out with the new GPUs — and accompanying performance benchmarks for the Caffe deep learning framework — Nvidia is also introducing its new Hyperscale Suite of software, including the cuDNN library for building applications with deep learning, a GPU-friendly version of the FFmpeg video processing framework, and an Image Compute Engine tool for resizing images.
The Tesla M40 and the new software will be out later this year. The M4 will become available in the first quarter of next year.
More detail on the news is here.
Cleveland's public library system, an award-winning institution that includes 27 neighborhood libraries and a main library downtown, is a wonderful investment in a town that is striving to improve education.
Cleveland voters should not turn a deaf ear to its appeal for Issue 79, a 5.8 mill, five-year tax renewal that will not raise taxes. The library's current levy expires at the end of this year.
About our editorials Plain Dealer editorials express the view of the Plain Dealer editorials express the view of the editorial board -- the publisher, editor and editorial-writing staff. As is traditional, editorials are unsigned and intended to be seen as the voice of the newspaper. • Talk about the topic of this editorial in the comments below. • Send a letter to the editor, which will be considered for print publication. • Email general questions or comments about the editorial board to Elizabeth Sullivan, opinion director for the Northeast Ohio Media Group.
The library depends on the levy for a whopping 48 percent of its budget, while the rest of its funding comes from Ohio's public library fund, which has steadily declined along with local property taxes, according to Nelson Devezin, the levy campaign manager.
But the library is wisely making do without asking voters for more money: The owner of a $50,000 home would still pay just $14.80 a month or about $170 a year, the same as now. The levy will raise roughly $22.2 million for the library in 2014, said Devezin in an email.
Without the levy, library officials fear they will have to make more cuts. Don't let that happen. Support this public jewel on the Nov. 5 ballot.
Should I have outed the people who said these things—or should the countless other press people who have heard similar views? No: Reporters do have to keep confidences, and I conveyed the substance of this case as best I could during the Trump Time Capsule series through the election. Moreover, it's not clear that “concerns” like these would have changed anyone's mind. During the campaign, most of Trump's fallen rivals blasted them in exceptional terms—before truckling to support them against Hillary Clinton. One of the most remarkable illustrations was Senator Ted Cruz's extended denunciation of Trump as a “pathological liar” just before Trump clinched the nomination. Of course Cruz turned around to support them in the general election and has cast nearly all their Senate votes (94 percent) in alignment with Trump. Meanwhile, it's not even the lead news of the week that Trump's own secretary of state has half-heartedly non-denied Stephanie Ruhle's report on NBC that they called Trump a “fucking moron.”
Now that Bob Corker, one-time supporter of Trump, has taken the commendable step of going public, what's next?
* * *
For reporters, there is a logical extension from the opening Corker has given. Get Mitch McConnell, get Paul Ryan, get John Thune and John Barrasso and John Cornyn, get Kevin McCarthy, get every Republican in a position of responsibility to answer: Do you agree with your colleague that Donald Trump is a danger to the country and the world? Who's right here: Your comrade who is the veteran chairperson of the Foreign Relations Committee? Or a president who can't stop tweet-threatening “Little Rocket Man”? And what about Corker's claim that the White House is a daily battleground to keep the incumbent under control? Are you going to call one of your own a liar? Or is they right about Trump?
They won't answer. Knowing how not to answer comes as second nature. More smoothly than Rex Tillerson, they will decline to get into the “silly stuff.” But they should be put on the spot and made to take a stand. Especially the ones who will either face the voters soon—or who are deciding, as Corker did recently, whether that's even worth it.
(To be clear: every reporter already knows these are the questions to ask, and overall the resilience of the press is one of the heartening aspects of this disheartening era. I'm just spelling out what to look for as day breaks and senators get within reporters' range.)
For congressional Republicans, this is your moment in history's eye. One of your colleagues, who has chosen not to run for office again, and who also was the object of one of Trump's intemperate attacks this morning, has decided that they might as well tell the truth. It turns out that this is often the right way to go! As the (slightly altered) line from Mark Twain put it, by telling the truth you will gratify some people and astonish the rest. Perhaps Corker's motivations are not the purest or most glorious. They were nice to Trump last year, when Corker was in the mentioning-cloud as a possible secretary of state, and they were part of the “respectable” Republicans who disastrous enabled Trump. Corker's retorts today followed personal attacks from Trump. Still, he's doing more than their colleagues have. And Corker has moved toward a better place for themselves in the annals of Senate history than they would have had only 24 hours ago.
A Somali-Norwegian teenager went on a knife rampage through London's Russell Square, a hub for students and tourists, fatally stabbing an American woman and wounding five other people.
Police said Thursday that it wasn't terrorism — but in a city on edge after a summer of attacks elsewhere in Europe, both authorities and London residents initially responded as if it were. Police flooded the streets with extra officers and mobilized counterterror detectives before saying the shocking burst of violence appeared to have been "triggered by mental-health issues."
Police officers used a stun gun to subdue the 19-year-old suspect at the scene of the stabbings late Wednesday, among busy streets lined with hotels close to the British Museum.
Police initially said terrorism was "one line of inquiry being explored."
But hours later Metropolitan Police Assistant Commissioner Mark Rowley said, "We have found no evidence of radicalization or anything that would suggest the man in our custody was in any way motivated by terrorism."
They said detectives from the force's murder and terrorism squads had interviewed the suspect, their family and witnesses, and searched properties.
We believe this was a spontaneous attack and the victims were selected at random. - Mark Rowley, Metropolitan Police assistant commissioner
"We believe this was a spontaneous attack and the victims were selected at random," Rowley said.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said there is "no evidence at all that this man was motivated by Daesh" — another name for the Islamic State group — or similar organizations.
Rowley said the suspect, whose name hasn't been released, is a Norwegian of Somali ancestry — though police don't consider that "relevant to the motivation for their actions." Norway's National Criminal Investigation Service said they had left the Scandinavian country in 2002, when they were a small child.
The name of the dead woman, thought to be in their 60s, hasn't been released. U.S. Ambassador Matthew Barzun confirmed they were American, tweeting: "Heartbreaking news that a U.S. citizen was killed in #RussellSquare attack. My prayers are with all the victims and their loved ones."
Heartbreaking news that a U.S. citizen was killed in <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/RussellSquare?src=hash">#RussellSquare</a> attack. My prayers are with all the victims and their loved ones. —@MatthewBarzun
Two Australians, an Israeli, an American and a British citizen were wounded, none with life-threatening injuries.
Police said a British man with a stab wound to their stomach remains hospitalized. The four others were treated and released Thursday.
While knife crime is a regular occurrence in London — there have been two other blade killings this week — the scale and randomness of the rampage rattled nerves. It came just days after authorities warned the British public to be vigilant in light of attacks inspired by the Islamic State group elsewhere in Europe.
Student Megan Sharrock, 18, looked out their window and saw someone lying on the sidewalk under a blanket.
"There was like two rivers of blood running away from the person so we thought, yeah, someone has been killed," they said.
"It's really shocking, [a] scary world we live in to think that could happen," they said. "That could happen to anyone, just walking down the street."
(Reuters)
Helen Edwards, 33, who lives in the area, came out for a walk and found armed police near a subway station. In a city where memories of the July 7, 2005, attacks on public transport remain raw, they immediately suspected there had been a militant attack.
"There is always that thing in the back of your mind," they said. "You live with that threat of terrorism or other crimes in the back of your mind. It wasn't a huge shock, I guess."
London Mayor Sadiq Khan earlier urged the public to keep calm and remain vigilant, urging people to be the first line of defence against any form of attack.
"We all have a vital role to play as eyes and ears for our police and security services and in helping to ensure London is protected," they said.
Armed patrols
inspired groups in Europe. An armed police officer patrols the scene of Wednesday's deadly knife attack in Russell Square in London. (Neil Hall/Reuters) The Russell Square attack came within hours of an announcement by London police that they were putting more armed officers on the streets. The idea was to sustain public confidence following attacks by ISIS-
Most British police don't carry guns, a principle that remains unchanged. Even with the additional armed officers, the vast majority of London's 31,000 police officers won't be armed.
Armed officers responded to Wednesday's stabbings, but didn't fire any shots.
Rowley said "we should be proud of them and the British tradition of using the minimum necessary force."
If you build it, they will come. And pay the toll. When Highway 407 opened in 1997, drivers not only came, they kept coming back — transforming the toll road into a short-lived success story.
Built at taxpayer expense for about $1.5 billion, the 407 was handed over to the new private operators for an unconscionably low $3.1 billion, writes Martin Regg Cohn. ( David Cooper / TORONTO STAR file photo )
Two years later, the storyline changed: The PC government of the day took an abrupt detour by brokering a 99-year lease of the highway for a fraction of its true value. If you lease it — and undervalue it — they will profit. At our expense. The 407 deal is now considered a financial blunder on a par with Newfoundland's lease of Churchill Falls to Quebec, and China's surrender of Hong Kong to Britain, for equally ill-fated 99-year leases.
Article Continued Below
As today's Liberal government ponders selling off part of Hydro One's transmission lines, after more than a century of public ownership, the 407 debacle looms over the debate. Unless we learn the lessons of that fiasco, we are condemned to be fleeced once again. If the toll highway hadn't been handed off for a pittance in 1999, it could have been paid off by now. Imagine driving free on the 407, instead of being hit up for steadily increasing tolls that have flowed to the consortium's overseas owners for years. Better yet, imagine a government with the spine and sagacity to raise tolls to what the market would bear — as the consortium did, but as no politician seems willing to try — and then used those windfall profits to bankroll the infrastructure spending this province so badly needs. If those revenues had flowed all this time to the public treasury, the financial pressure to privatize Hydro One would be less intense today. Built at taxpayer expense for about $1.5 billion, the 407 was handed over to the new private operators for an unconscionably low $3.1 billion. In a classic example of short-term calculations versus long term flight attendantship of a public asset, the Tories declared a $1.6 billion “profit” from the sale to meet their politically-inspired deficit targets. It was a monumental miscalculation: A 6 per cent share in the consortium that had originally been valued at $45 million in 1999 attracted a price four times higher by 2002 — prompting independent financial analysts to argue that the lease was worth more than $12 billion all along.
In their privatization frenzy, the PC government left $9 billion on the table — and tens of billions more to be harvested from higher tolls in future. That's a lot of billion-dollar-boondoggles rolled into one toll road. When an NDP government proposed the highway in the early 1990s, they estimated it would pay for itself in 30 years with only modest increases in tolls. At the time of the lease, then-PC premier Mike Harris vowed that the private operator could not raise tolls by more than 3 cents a kilometre through 2014 — a 30 per cent cap. Instead, those tolls have increased more than 300 per cent — from about 10 cents a kilometre in 1999 to more than 30 cents today.
Article Continued Below
Over the years, the 407 consortium has invested in widening the highway, but it has been handsomely rewarded. In 2014, the consortium earned a profit of $222.9 million on gross revenues of $887.6 million. Little wonder the consortium — now owned by Cintra Infraestructuras Internacional, the CPP Investment Board, and SNC-Lavalin — boosted its dividend to shareholders by 75 per cent last year. All these years later, with the 407 taking away so much money, what are the takeaways for public policy? One lesson is that governments will be held to account long after the deal is done, and any blunders will have a lasting impact on our political discourse: The seeming unfairness of rapid toll hikes — however commercially justified or environmentally sound — have soured Ontarians on the merits of road pricing. That's unfortunate, because road tolls are a vital tool for fighting congestion provided there's an honest broker, not a private profiteer, collecting the cash. Another lesson is that the 407 debacle has made Ontarians more leery of privatization. Even the Tories had second thoughts about selling off Hydro One. Now the Liberals seem ready to pick up where the PCs left off. If there is a case to be made for reducing the government's role in the strategic electricity sector, it had better be a good one — better than the last one. If you bungle it, they will remember. $41: the approximate cost to drive the 407 from Burlington to Pickering during rush hour. $3.1 billion: price province received for leasing the highway in 1999 $887.6 million: revenues earned by 407 International Inc. for 2014 $6.5 billion: revenues earned by Hydro One last year $12.5 billion: Queen's Park's budget deficit Martin Regg Cohn's Ontario politics column appears Tuesday, Thursday and Sunday. mcohn@thestar.ca , Twitter: @reggcohn
House of Commons votes 367 to 113 in favour of uniform size, shape and design featuring only brand name and health warnings
MPs have voted by a majority of 254 in favour of introducing standardised cigarette packaging from May 2016.
The legislation, which is designed to reduce the appeal of cigarettes, was voted for by 367-113, with support from Labour and Liberal Democrats, and opposition from Conservative backbenchers. The House of Lords is expected to approve the regulations on Monday.
The packaging of all cigarettes sold in England will have to uniform in size, shape and design, with only the brand name and graphic health-warning images permitted on the front. A dark colour such as olive green is favoured for the packaging.
The result of the vote makes England the third country to introduce such a law. Ireland introduced similar legislation at the beginning of March and Australia did the same in 2012. Although the vote only applies to England, other regions of the UK have said they will introduce similar legislation.
Tobacco giants fume at Australia's plans for unbranded cigarette packets Read more
MPs were given a free vote on the issue, but there was no debate in the Commons beforehand because it is not primary legislation. Powers to introduce standardised packaging were included in the Children and Families Act 2014 and only needed approval from parliament before being introduced.
Harpal Kumar, the chief executive of Cancer Research UK, called the vote historic, saying it marked “a strong and clear commitment to the health of future generations”.
“During the last three years we've seen the evidence grow about the impact of tobacco packaging,” they said. “Strong support for removing the slick marketing of today's packs has increased among the public and across the political spectrum. There are around 100,000 people who die from tobacco in the UK every year. Standard packs will help reduce the number of lives blighted by this lethal product and help us move towards a tobacco-free generation.”
Nick de Bois, Conservative MP for Enfield North, who has been a vocal opponent of the law, described the outcome as disappointing but unsurprising.
“What I think the government should still consider, however, is that it would be sensible to delay the implementation of this statute until all outstanding legal issues that could threaten the public purse are settled one way or the other.”
Imperial Tobacco has said it would sue the UK government to protect its intellectual property rights. The Australian government is defending its introduction of plain packaging in a case before the World Trade Organisation.
Tobacco giant Philip Morris 'spent millions in bid to delay EU legislation' Read more
The government announced plans in January to press ahead with legislation on plain cigarette packaging before the general election, three years after it was first put forward.
The proposal was dropped from the Queen's speech in 2013 when the government, which was thought to have been lobbied intensively by the tobacco industry, said it needed more time to consider the implications.
Announcing the government's decision to put the plans to a vote at the beginning of the year, the health minister Jane Ellison said plain packaging was a “proportionate and justified response” because of the health risks associated with smoking. Smoking-related disease remains the main cause of preventable deaths in the UK, killing more than 100,000 people a year.
De Bois, like other opponents of the regulations, criticised the lack of debating time given to MPs. “It's a done deal, but it's very disappointing that we only had 90 minutes in a committee room to challenge the government on some of their assumptions,” they said.
Deborah Arnott, the chief executive of health charity Ash, welcomed the result, saying: “The government, and MPs from all parties, are to be congratulated for resisting the bully-boy tactics and misinformation of the tobacco industry and for implementing the most important public health reform of this parliament.”
Dr Penny Woods, the British Lung Foundation's chief executive, said: “We are simply delighted that the House of Commons has spoken out to protect the 200,000 children taking up smoking every year in this country.
“Our MPs have refused to believe the myths churned out by big tobacco about plain packaging increasing illicit trade – desperate attempts by companies to cling onto corporate profit at the expense of the next generation's lives and lungs.”
Ukraine on Tuesday condemned as "destructive and provocative'' Russia's stance towards elections organized by pro-Russian separatists in eastern Ukraine next Sunday, saying Moscow's recognition of the vote could wreck chances of bringing peace.
The November 2 vote would be held in defiance of Ukrainian national elections last Sunday in which pro-Western parties, dedicated to holding the former Soviet republic together and negotiating a settlement to the conflict, triumphed.
Russia announced Tuesday it will recognize the results of upcoming elections in Donetsk and Luhansk.
Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said the voting would be important for the "legitimization of power" in the "People's Republics" of Donetsk and Luhansk, not recognized by Kyiv or the West.
"We expect the elections to be held as arranged and of course we will recognize their results,'' Lavrov told Russia's Izvestia paper and LifeNews TV in an interview published on their ministry's website on Tuesday.
While the rest of Ukraine headed to the polls on Sunday, nearly three million voters were unable to cast ballots in the eastern part of the country, where months of fighting between Ukrainian government forces and pro-Russia separatists has killed more than 3,700 people.
Rebel leaders in eastern Ukraine, who launched a rebellion against the Kyiv government in April, said they would conduct their own poll.
Commenting on last Sunday's poll, Lavrov said that Russia will likely recognize the results, even though the voting took place “not on all of Ukraine's territory."
"I think we will recognize this election because it is very important for us that Ukraine finally will have authorities which do not fight one another, do not drag Ukraine to the West or to the East, but which will deal with the real problems facing the country," Lavrov said.
Negative reaction
A Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesperson, Yevhen Perebynis, on Tuesday called Lavrov's comments "absolutely destructive and provocative statements" that "will be interpreted by the terrorists as encouragement by Russia to hold the illegal November 2 elections."
Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko on Tuesday called the separatists' planned vote "pseudo-elections" that "grossly contradict the spirit and letter" of the peace agreement reached between their government and the rebels last month.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said Tuesday in Ottawa that the rebel-held elections "will be a clear violation of the commitments made by both Russia and the separatists" that they back the peace agreement, the French news agency reported.
US position
President Barack Obama said Monday in a statement that the United States will not recognize elections in separatist-controlled areas unless they comply with Ukrainian law and are held with the consent of the Ukrainian government.
In the rest of the country, with almost 85 percent of the votes counted from Sunday's parliamentary elections, two pro-Europe parties are in the lead.
Ukraine's Central Election Commission reports Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk's Popular Front and the bloc headed by President Petro Poroshenko each have about 22 percent of the vote.
The likeminded Self Help Party of western Ukraine was in third place with about 11 percent, while the Opposition Bloc, made up of allies of ousted Moscow-backed president Viktor Yanukovych, was fourth with nearly 10 percent.
Poroshenko and Yatsenyuk both back closer ties with the European Union and both have campaigned for reforms widely seen as needed to pull the country back from the brink of bankruptcy. Coalition talks are underway.
The United States has hailed last Sunday's election as "another important milestone in Ukraine's democratic development," pledging continued support for "Ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity," according to a statement issued Monday by the White House.
Tensions remain high in eastern Ukraine, despite a September cease-fire between Kyiv and the pro-Russian separatists. Heavy shelling Monday rocked the outskirts of the rebel stronghold of Donetsk, but city authorities reported by evening the situation was quiet.
Kyiv and a host of Western governments accuse Moscow of orchestrating and directly supporting the rebellion as part of effort to destablize Ukraine for taking a pro-Europe course.
Russia has rejected the charges, with President Vladimir Putin accusing the West of backing a "coup d'etat" that toppled the Yanukovych government.
Next IMF tranche in question
A second tranche of a $17-billion loan package from the International Monetary Fund which Ukraine was to receive before year's end is now unlikely to be disbursed, the country's Finance Minister Oleksander Shlapak said on Tuesday.
Under pressure to support its budget, make debt payments and prop up its currency, Kyiv had expected to receive a second tranche, worth $2.7 billion, in December following an IMF mission visit later this month. That visit is now unlikely to take place before a new government is formed, Shlapak said.
“An [IMF] mission will come when a new government is in place,” Shlapak told journalists. “They want to talk to a new government. The key question would be the adoption of a realistic 2014 budget.”
LONDON — U.K. negotiators are not planning to present their own estimate of financial obligations owed to the EU on Brexit during this week's round of negotiations, according to a U.K. official familiar with the progress of talks.
Despite warnings from EU diplomats that chief negotiator Michel Barnier is prepared to “stall” talks unless proposals are put forward by the U.K., the British side views this week's round of talks as an opportunity to interrogate the EU's position, the official said.
Their stance is consistent with U.K. Brexit Secretary David Davis' statement to a House of Lords committee that the “proper approach to get the right outcome in the negotiation” would be to “challenge” the EU's calculations. Davis told the committee last week the U.K. “may well publish an alternative proposal,” but the official, speaking on condition of anonymity, was clear this would not happen this week. It is not clear when an alternative will be published by the U.K. government.
Davis told the House of Lords EU committee last week that British officials had been engaged in interrogating the EU's position on the so-called Brexit bill “on a line-by-line, almost word-by-word basis.”
“The objective in the case of the financial settlement is not to pay more than we need to, it's fairly obvious,” they said. “There will be a process of challenge going on here and that will happen and has started already.”
“I would be tempted to say Article 50 negotiations are now in the hands of the divorce lawyers — we have very good divorce lawyers” — Margaritis Schinas
The EU side is insisting on a written acknowledgement from its negotiating partners of the need to settle the U.K.'s accounts with the bloc when it leaves. “We're waiting for a position paper on financial settlement,” an EU official told POLITICO, adding that ideally it would arrive before the end of this round of talks on Thursday.
The Commission's spokesperson Margaritis Schinas said Tuesday that they would not provide “a running commentary” on the talks and declined to say if the British negotiating team had forwarded new position papers on topics such as the financial settlement.
"Talks are ongoing as we speak,” Schinas said, adding that the Commission will "assess this round of negotiations but it will not be done today or tomorrow, it will be done on Thursday.”
Asked whether Davis' early departure from the talks on Monday was viewed by the EU as a lack of seriousness they said: “I would be tempted to say Article 50 negotiations are now in the hands of the divorce lawyers — we have very good divorce lawyers.”
An EU diplomat who had been briefed on the talks said, “Barnier's expectations going into the talks were very low, but even so they are quite frustrated so far,” adding that the lack of preparation of the British was beyond expectations on the EU side.
Another EU diplomat was more positive, predicting that Davis' acknowledgement in front of a House of Lords committee last week that the U.K. did have financial obligations would keep the talks on track.
"A stalling in this week's talks would only have arisen had there not been an acknowledgement on the U.K.'s financial obligations. Since they did make a statement I would imagine that the discussions will move forward."
'Go whistle'
There is a consensus among EU negotiators that the Brexit bill should be at least €65 billion, based on the U.K.'s share of the EU's common budget, which has already been planned for up to 2020. Other EU diplomats predict the exit tab could climb to €100 billion or more if other, as yet undetermined, liabilities are also taken into account.
In London, the issue has become a political hot potato, with Brexit-supporting MPs in the ruling Conservative Party rejecting the need for a significant payment, and some hard-liners still insistent that Britain should pay nothing at all. Prime Minister Theresa May and Davis face a difficult balancing act if they are to meet the EU's demand that financial obligations and other exit issues must be settled before substantial negotiations on the U.K.'s future trading relationship with the bloc can begin.
In a sign of the political difficulty facing May at home, Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson gave succor to colleagues in the party's hard Brexit wing last week, when they branded EU estimates of the exit bill “extortionate” and invited Brussels counterparts to “go whistle.”
The difficult issue of border arrangements in Northern Ireland was discussed in the Brexit talks for the first time Tuesday. Both sides have decided the issue is so potentially fragile that it should be handled at a higher level than most of the other technical discussions — by talks directly between Sabine Weyand, deputy chief negotiator in Michel Barnier's Brexit Task Force, and Oliver Robbins, permanent secretary of the U.K. Department for Exiting the European Union.
There are not expected to be any technical solutions during this round of talks on how to resolve issues such as the free movement of goods and people over the border, according to an EU diplomat briefed on the talks.
"It's a bit of a scoping exercise. We don't know yet what the model will be and what the solutions on the ground will be," the diplomat said. "A political discussion needs to be had before the nitty-gritty details."
Talking trade
Separately, the talks have also touched on the issue of future trade arrangements. Officially, trade relations are not on the agenda of U.K.-EU discussions this week but the European Commission is increasingly keen to broach issues that are critical to its strategic trade interests, such as the post-Brexit allocation of import quotas.
WTO obligations — known as schedules — are also a concern to both parties. Schedules are a form of passport for taking part in international trade networks, mapping out a country's tariff and subsidy regimes. Schedules also form an important baseline for trade negotiations.
The goal is to agree a joint U.K.-EU proposal on schedules by the fall.
Britain's big challenge is that it currently trades under the EU's schedules and would not be able to draw up its own rulebook for entering the global trading system alone unless the remaining members of the 164-country WTO agree.
“The EU and the U.K. will engage in a series of meetings on WTO-related matters starting [during this week's Brexit negotiations],” an EU official said. "They will explore how to approach certain WTO-relevant issues relating to the withdrawal of the U.K. from the EU."
Speaking in Washington at the American Enterprise Institute, David O'Sullivan, the EU ambassador to the U.S., gave an indication Tuesday of the complexity of the Brexit talks. “Every day, frankly, in the course of going through this, our teams discover a further complexity that needs to be, one way or another, sorted out.”
But they added: “There is nothing punitive in the approach of the European Union to this process."
Giulia Paravicini and Katy O'Donnell contributed reporting.
Peter Oborne has resigned from the Telegraph, posting a blog on OpenDemocracy attacking their former employer for its reporting of HSBC's tax affairs.
They write:
After a lot of agony I have come to the conclusion that I have a duty to make all this public. There are two powerful reasons. The first concerns the future of the Telegraph under the Barclay Brothers. It might sound a pompous thing to say, but I believe the newspaper is a significant part of Britain's civic architecture. It is the most important public voice of civilised, sceptical conservatism. ... This brings me to a second and even more important point that bears not just on the fate of one newspaper but on public life as a whole. A free press is essential to a healthy democracy. There is a purpose to journalism, and it is not just to entertain. It is not to pander to political power, big corporations and rich men. Newspapers have what amounts in the end to a constitutional duty to tell their readers the truth.
Oborne adds that their concerns about the relationship between editorial and commercial at the paper have been running for a while:
I wrote a long letter to Murdoch MacLennan setting out all my concerns about the newspaper, and handing in my notice. I copied this letter to the Telegraph chairperson, Aidan Barclay. I received a cursory response from Mr Barclay. They wrote that they hoped I could resolve my differences with Murdoch MacLennan. I duly went to see the chief executive in mid-December. They were civil, served me tea and asked me to take off my jacket. They said that I was a valued writer, and said that they wanted me to stay. I expressed all of my concerns about the direction of the paper. I told them that I was not leaving to join another paper. I was resigning as a matter of conscience. Mr MacLennan agreed that advertising was allowed to affect editorial, but was unapologetic, saying that “it was not as bad as all that” and adding that there was a long history of this sort of thing at the Telegraph.
As their full piece at OpenDemocracy makes clear, the HSBC tax story was merely the last straw.
The latest issue of Private Eye has further details:
On Tuesday morning the [HSBC] tax scandal was on the front pages of the FT, Mail and Guardian. By the end of Tuesday afternoon, with still no word about it on the Telegraph website, the ever-helpful Eye rang the newsdesk and financial desk to tip them off about the story since they seemed unaware of it.
This mole will be watching with interest to see which publication snaps up Mr Oborne's services.
Update: 8.26, 18 Feb
Speaking on the BBC's Today programme, Oborne has called for an "independent review" into the Telegraph, investigating the relationship between advertising and editorial: “There's a pattern here . . . when HSBC was being investigated, the advertising dries up”, they said.
They suggested that Charles Moore, a former editor of the Daily Telegraph, or Fraser Nelson, editor of the Spectator, could head an independent review.
An Iraqi coalition of government troops and militias has begun a highly publicized offensive to push Islamic State militants out of the city of Tikrit.
The country's Prime Minister and Commander-in-Chief Haider Al-Abadi announced the start of the operation Sunday as they traveled to nearby Samarra to oversee efforts "to liberate Tikrit" and the surrounding governorate of Saladin.
Abadi called on Sunni tribal fighters to abandon the Islamic State group. They offered what they called "the last chance'' for Sunni tribal fighters, promising them a pardon during a news conference in Samarra.
"I call upon those who have been misled or committed a mistake to lay down arms and join their people and security forces in order to liberate their cities,'' Abadi said.
Thousands of Shi'ite militiamen, local tribes and Iraqi forces are said to have teamed up to battle for the city, in what a former regional official told VOA they anticipate will be a fierce fight.
Saladin Governorate bridges the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, with rebel-held Mosul in the north.
The city has been under Islamic State control since mid-2014. Tikrit is seen as a linchpin in countering the militant land grab that swept across northern Iraq last year.
In an interview with VOA's Kurdish service last month, former Saladin deputy governor Amin Aziz said IS militants have booby trapped Tikrit with explosives.
A senior U.S. defense official confirmed to VOA last month that Shi'ite forces were organizing a battle for Tikrit, but did not say when the offensive would take place.
Five days in the Nashville country and gospel music scene, filled with stars, wannabe stars, and other hangers-on - individual stories of this small group intertwined - provides a commentary on American society. The stars include: good ol' boy Haven Hamilton, whose patriotic songs leading up to the American bicentennial belie their controlling and ruthless nature; Barbara Jean, the country music darling who is just returning to Nashville and performing following recovery from a fire-related injury which may have taken more of an emotional toll than a physical one; and good looking and charismatic Tom Frank, one-third of the successful group Bill, Mary, and Tom, they who is trying to go solo, which masks their need to not be solo in their personal life as they emotionally abuse woman after woman in love with him, including Mary who is married to Bill. The wannabe stars include: Albuquerque, whose real name is Winifred, who is trying to run away from their husband Star in they're not approving of them ... Written by Huggo
Once upon a time, Zombieland scriptwriters Paul Wernick & Rhett Reese were working on a screenplay for a Venom movie, spinning off the character alongside Sony's main Spider-Man series. Then director Gary Ross became involved, before getting on board with the Hunger Games series for what looks to be three, quickly produced pictures, more or less back to back, taking them off the market for years. Somewhere in all of this Jacob Estes wrote another draft.
All of these came to nothing.
But work on Venom continues, with new creatives, and new story ideas.
The latest director to be drawn in is Josh Trank, who made their feature debut just last month with Chronicle. A secret source (sssshhhhh) has told The LA Times that Trank is currently in negotiation with Sony for the gig. I can see why they'd want them – Chronicle was actually rather good indeed.
Trank has also been said to be 20th Century Fox's top choice to direct their Fantastic Four do-over. When I saw them on the Chronicle press rounds they couldn't deny that they were being sought for that gig, though did want to downplay the chances of theirs actually taking it.
Unsurprisingly, these new efforts to mount a Venom pic are said to be fully distinct from Spider-Man 3, with Topher Grace “not expected to reprise the role.” What I'd want to drill into, however, is the possibility that Sony might set it in the same universe as their Andrew Garfield-starring Amazing Spider-Man. In fact, could they possibly even be building up a few spin-offs from Spidey, getting ready for their own, rights-restricted, scaled down cross-over in the vein of The Avengers?
I wouldn't put it past them.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
Facts are hard to copyright—impossible, actually. This is problematic for people who deal in information; any reference material is factual, and therefore difficult to protect from dirty, lying thieves who want to steal your work. That's where fictitious entries come in: facts become very easy to copyright when they aren't true. These are people, places and things that exist only on paper, solely to thwart would-be info burglars.
1. Lillian Virginia Mountweazel
The mythical Ms. Mountweazel was a photographer and fountain designer. Them book, Flags Up!, was purportedly an unmatched collection of rural American mailbox photography. Unfortunately, they were killed in 1973 in an explosion, while on assignment for the equally nonexistent Combustibles magazine. Lillian Mountweazel's life was a sham, created to protect the contents of the 1975 New Columbia Encyclopedia, but it wasn't without its perks: their (fake) life would become the subject of an exhibit in Dublin, and their (fake) name would later serve as a neologism for fictitious entries, thanks to a New Yorker article about the next Mountweazel in this list...
2. Esquivalience
The second edition New Oxford American Dictionary was published early in 2005. Almost immediately afterward, a rumor leaked that the NOAD 2E contained a secretly made-up word which began with the letter e. A man with a lot of free time set about isolating the fictitious entry from the 3,128 e-words, using a combination of careful cross-referencing and probably-unhealthy obsession. They narrowed the options to six words: earth loop, EGD, electrofish, ELSS, esquivalience and eurocreep. Of a group of nine lexicographers, six pegged esquivalience as the fraud. This was confirmed by the dictionary's editor-in-chief, Erin McKean, who said, “Its inherent fakeitude is fairly obvious.” (Fakeitude does not appear in the NOAD 2E.)
3. Zzxjoanw
Rupert Hughes' Music Lovers' Encyclopedia of 1903 included the word zzxjoanw, defined as “a Maori word for ‘drum.'” The entry persisted through subsequent editions, well into the 1950s. It was later proved a hoax when someone noticed that there are no Z, X, or J in the Maori language. If you're wondering, zzxjoanw is pronounced just how it looks.
4. Dog of Norway
The Golden Turkey Awards is a weird 1980s catalogue of obscure and bad films, wherein the authors award movies of poor quality a Golden Turkey. (It's like a Razzie, only even less prestigious.)
The authors, film critic Michael Medved and their brother Harry, revealed that one entry was a complete hoax, and then challenged readers to discover which movie never actually existed. This time, no cross-references or obsessive searches were necessary: the imaginary film, Dog of Norway, starred "Muki the Wonder Dog"... the same dog featured on the cover of the book with the authors. (That dog's name was Muki, too.)
5. Agloe, NY
The town of Agloe, New York, was invented by mapmakers, but the practice of inserting fictional towns, roads, rivers or other geographical has been in place nearly as long as cartography itself. The weird thing that happened with Agloe, though, doesn't really ever happen: it became a real place. The Agloe General Store was built at its fictional location, prompting the (real) county administrator to declare Agloe an actual town. (Paper Towns by John Green is partially set in Agloe, and one character has a dog named Myrna Mountweazel.)
6 & 7. "The Song of Love" and The Cysterz
Joel Whitburn created a book series based on the Billboard music charts. To throw potential copycats, Whitburn's pop chart compilations say that, for the week ending December 26, 1955, Ralph Marterie's "The Song of Love" peaked at #84. Sad news for Ralph Marterie, who was probably shooting for a single-digit rank, but it was all okay, because Billboard Magazine didn't even issue a list that week, and “The Song of Love” was never recorded by Marterie.
In Whitburn's rock charts, the song "Drag You Down" by The Cysterz makes an appearance, though neither the group nor the song ever did in real life.
8 & 9. Beatosu and Goblu, Ohio
The official state map of Michigan from 1978 includes a pair of hoax entries designed to irk every football fan in Ohio. The chairperson of the State Highway Commission (and Michigan alumnus) had Beatosu and Goblu (“Beat OSU!” and “Go Blue!” to Michigan fans) inserted in the Ohio side of the Michigan-Ohio border. They were removed from later editions, but Goblu was briefly of interest again later when it was revealed that Road Pig from G.I. Joe was born there.
10. Philip
In the 1970s, Fred L. Worth began publishing a series of trivia encyclopedias, imaginatively titled The Trivia Encyclopedia, The Complete Unabridged Super Trivia Encyclopedia, and Super Trivia volumes I and II. In order to protect their stake in the trivia encyclopedia market (which was not yet booming), Worth inserted a single entirely false “fact.”
In 1984, Trivial Pursuit hit the market and sold like gangbusters. Unfortunately, the company was about to get sued for a lot more than the $256 million they raked in that first year. Why? Because one answer on the game's cards was known to only one person—Fred L. Worth, who'd fabricated it years earlier:
The card said the answer was Philip, which was false. In fact, Columbo's name was never revealed, a fact that's been confirmed by both the cast and writers of the show. (Unless you believe this screenshot of Columbo's badge has the answer.) Worth's suit fingered the creators of the game as well as their distributors; aside from the fictitious entry, they showed that Trivial Pursuit's creators had lifted their work so completely that the game even included their typos and misspelled words. Trivial Pursuit eventually admitted that they had, in fact, stolen Worth's work for the game—but they had also stolen trivia from a lot of other places, too, which they defended as "doing research."
The case was thrown out before going to trial on the grounds that Trivial Pursuit was “substantially different” from Super Trivia. Worth and their attorneys appealed all the way to the Supreme Court, but to no avail.
Because of Trivial Pursuit's persistent popularity (and more than a few original versions that are still in play), some shady-looking “fun fact” sites continue to insist that Columbo's first name was, in fact, Philip.
Image credits: FactFixx, Nerdfighters, and Trivia Hall of Fame.
A Pizza Hut employee shot and killed a man during an attempted armed robbery after hours at the store early Sunday morning in west Charlotte, N.C., according to Charlotte Mecklenburg Police.
Officers were called about 1:38 a.m. to the Pizza Hut to a report of shooting and arrived to find Michael Renard Grace with a gunshot wound.
Grace was pronounced dead on scene.
According to police, three people entered the restaurant and were in the process of robbing the business when one of the employees fired their own personal handgun at one of the suspects.
Investigators said a handgun was recovered at the scene that was being carried by the robbery suspect at the time they were shot.
The other two robbery suspects fled the scene on foot and have not yet been apprehended.
Click for more from Fox 46.
THE victims of a fraudster who made £13,000 out of conning hundreds of collectors have described how they duped them into believing they were selling valuable antique coins.
Sarah Fenton's scam claimed around 200 victims across the world as they passed off fakes as rare antiques to collectors.
But the 37-year-old found themselves in the dock after a “complex investigation” by Blackpool Council's Trading Standards team saw them brought to justice for their “cold and calculated con”.
Fenton, of Catforth Avenue, Marton, made around £13,000 flogging the worthless coins through specialist websites, posting them out to collectors from as far away as Australia and the USA.
They admitted the coins were fake, pleading guilty to illegal trading in counterfeit coins and to possessing money gained through the sale of the coins at Blackpool Magistrates' Court.
One victim, from the North West, who forked out £400 for their coins, today said: “The seller seemed very genuine and polite – until they had taken my money and contact from them ceased completely.
“It's a shame so many people were taken in but justice is being served.”
A victim from Belgium added: “It's due to the fact Sarah Fenton let me pay many hundreds of pounds that I feel I've been defrauded by her.”
It was a Belgian coin dealer who tipped Lancashire Police off about Fenton's activities.
Trading Standards then raided their home and discovered a coin bag labelled “replica coins”.
Coin expert Colin Derouffignan said: “Some of them were good forgeries and some of them were not so good.”
Another expert claimed there was “more chance of winning the lottery” than possessing the collection of coins Fenton claimed they were selling from their semi-detached home.
Coun Gillian Campbell, Blackpool Council's cabinet member for housing and public protection, said: “This was a professional, cold and calculated con carried out against victims from all over the globe.
“Officers from Blackpool Council carried out a complex investigation.
“Huge credit is due to the team and the victims that came forward to offer their evidence which will, we hope, help prevent other collectors from falling foul of these types of tricks in the future.”
The search of Fenton's home also recovered notebooks detailing their transactions, with around £13,000 made through the sale of coins on eBay and PayPal.
Around £5,000 of that was given back in refunds, but Trading Standards said it is impossible to calculate an exact total made because Fenton contacted some of their buyers directly and officers have not been able to contact them all.
The real versions of some of the coins sold by Fenton are worth around £25,000.
Blackpool Magistrates' Court heard Fenton had started the business in 2010, after finding themselves unemployed, with coins they had bought at a collectors fair which they did not realise were fakes.
Fenton also pleaded guilty to a false trademark offence involving a counterfeit Rolex watch box.
They will be sentenced at Preston Crown Court on February 21. A Proceeds of Crime hearing will also take place.
Charges against a 38-year-old man and an 80-year-old woman have been dropped.
PORTLAND, Ore. – A house built 124 years ago by a prominent architect in the Goose Hollow neighborhood of Southwest Portland will be torn down following the same-day issuance of a demolition permit early this month.
Located at 1500 SW Taylor St., the house was built in 1892, according to the University of Oregon digital library, although city of Portland records list a construction year of 1890. It totals 6,397 square feet in size on a 10,000-square-foot corner lot.
Although it was formerly solely a residence, the property is now partially classified as a commercial office building.
The UO digital library gives some more details about the 124-year-old building. It was constructed by Edgar Marks Lazarus, a prominent architect who also designed the Vista House on Crown Point.
The Taylor Street house was owned by Frederick V. Holman, another well-known Portlander who practiced law and was involved with rewriting the Portland city charter multiple times, according to a history of Portland by Joseph Gaston published in 1911.
Gaston also writes that Holman “gave Portland the name of the Rose City.”
“He has left the impress of their individuality upon municipal affairs, upon the political and economic situation and upon the social life of Portland, which honors them as one of its pioneer residents and as one whose efforts have been most effective and resultant factors in the promotion of public progress,” Gaston concludes.
Holman died in 1927.
In 1997 the property sold to KHK LLC for $692,500, the most recent sale on record. This LLC is registered to Christopher Kent.
On March 4 the Bureau of Development Services received an application to demolish the 1892 structure. The applicant is listed as Mike Doran of Skanska, which also serves as the contractor.
Although the building is located in a central residential zone, because the building is dual-classified as commercial as well as residential, it is not subject to the 35-day demolition delay.
The permit was issued the same day.
In July 2013 the city received an early assistance application for development on the site of the 1892 building. The application sought design review on a proposed 11-story development with 158 dwelling units to replace the existing building.
There have been no more recent land use review applications.
This site is located across from a six-story apartment building under construction by SERA Architects.
China is highly likely to outpace the United States in the application of artificial intelligence, as local companies scramble to experiment with new ideas and benefit from the country's huge user base, a panelist attending the Boao Forum for Asia said on Saturday.
"Though the US leads the world in AI research, Chinese players are very active and have an edge in leveraging the cutting-edge technology to develop products and services," said Zhang Yaqin, president of Baidu.
According to Zhang, the latest wave of AI is driven by progress in big data technology, stronger computing power and the improved ability to build big models.
China's huge consumer market and abundant accumulation of data will push local AI companies forward, Zhang added.
AI has become one of the most popular destinations for investments in China, after supercomputer AlphaGo defeated a world champion in the ancient strategy game Go last year.
Wang Xiaochuan, CEO of Chinese internet company Sougou, said compared to the US, where AI has been researched for 60 years, China is by no means a new player.
"But it is exactly because of the relatively poor AI foundation in China that new technology will find little resistance from old forces and be quickly embraced," they added.
"AI-empowered applications will explode in China, and unleash a bigger potential here than in the US," they said.
Yuan Hui, CEO of Xiaoi, a Chinese robotics firm, said most of the basic research in AI is open to all players now, but the race toward advanced AI applications has just begun.
The sector may have a bubble partly due to mounting enthusiasm from investors and entrepreneurs, but companies that can survive the bubble will have big potential and pioneer China's efforts to become a strong AI nation, Yuan added.
Florida State's DeMarcus Walker was a consensus four-star defensive end recruit and a long-time Alabama commitment before they switched their commitment to Florida State and enrolled this January. The move was in large part prompted by the move of Jeremy Pruitt, formerly Alabama's secondary coach, and Walker's area recruiter, to Florida State to become defensive coordinator.
Walker is about 6'3 and 260 pounds, with obvious college-ready side and skills. Florida State is counting on them to play a non-zero number of snaps this season, as it lost three defensive ends to the NFL, including two potential first rounders in Bjoern Werner and Tank Carradine. Walker took part in the off-season conditioning program in January, February and early March, and was enrolled in classes.
But Walker hasn't been practicing with the team. And he's not listed on the roster as of March 28. Walker is at practice, but not participating.
The reason? An issue with the NCAA Clearinghouse -- the arm of the NCAA that approves transcripts and academic profiles of incoming freshmen. Specifically, it appears that there is an issue with one of Walker's classes.
How do we know this? Jimbo Fisher told the media about the Clearinghouse issue, and late Wednesday night, Walker dropped some more details on Twitter. The image at right is a screenshot captured at 11:51 p.m. Wednesday. It shows a conversation between Walker and two other Twitter users.
Walker appears to call out an elephant for tipping the NCAA
For the Twitter illiterate, or those on a mobile device, I'll set this up for you.
Walker (@livinglegend_44), clearly frustrated, tweets: "NCAA, please hurry up and clear me."
Twitter user "@EthanVaughan7" tweets to Walker: "what happened?"
Walker (@livinglegend_44) tweets in response: "a team said I took a fake class which is not true."
Twitter user "@TonyFeola" tweets to Walker: "which team? Was it the U those slime balls!," an obvious reference to the Miami hurricanes.
Walker (@livinglegend_44) tweets to in response to both: "no [inserts image of an elephant]" Alabama, obviously, has the elephant as its mascot.
Twitter user "@EthanVaughan7" tweets to Walker: "I figured that's who it was. They lost out on getting a star like you. Who wouldn't be mad." This is almost certainly a reference to Alabama, particularly when taken in context, as a reply to Walker's tweet of an image of an elephant, the animal that just to happens to be Alabama's mascot. Walker then re-tweets this, which is a common Twitter way of endorsing a tweet as your own, or at the very least, a way for other people who follow a Twitter user to see what was said to him.
This raises a lot of questions, none of which seem to have answers at the moment.
The biggest of which is the legitimacy of the "fake class."
If not, did Alabama turn Walker in out of spite or sour grapes? How does Walker know Alabama turned them in? Did someone tell him? If so, how did that person know? Did the NCAA tip the person who told Walker, or perhaps a person who told the person who told Walker? It's not unheard of for the identity for an accuser in an NCAA matter to be revealed (see Phillip Fulmer and the Alabama case in the early 2000s).
If it is true, there is a whole other can of worms about to be opened.
Where did the class in question take place? Walker's Jacksonville (Fla.) Sandalwood High School, or perhaps it was an online course? Did they know it was fake? Did they actually take the class?
Logically, if Walker's assertion that Alabama is the accuser is to be believed, the Crimson Tide had to know about it. How would Alabama know about it? Did Alabama set the class up in order for Walker to graduate and enroll early? And that would perhaps imply that new FSU defensive coordinator Jeremy Pruitt, their recruiter at Alabama before coming to Florida State, also could have known. If Pruitt knew, then by association Florida State also could be implied to have known.
Again, there are far too many questions and not enough information to draw any conclusions at this point.
But I also have another question: How long has the NCAA known about this?
Was it just notified? It seems incomprehensible that this issue could be ongoing for almost 12 weeks, but then again, this is the same horribly run organization that so badly fumbled a case against Miami in which a booster gave hundreds of thousands of dollars in gifts to players that it now may be forced to drop the case entirely. With the NCAA, assume incompetence.
We'll continue to monitor the situation as it unfolds, and hopefully Walker can soon do what they skipped out on graduation and senior prom to do -- play football.
The Canberra Raiders can confirm they have granted a release to Jordan Turner effective immediately, so they can take up a long-term contract with the Huddersfield Giants in the English Super League.
Turner arrived for pre-season training for the Raiders at the beginning of the 2017 season and has been playing for Mounties in the Intrust Super Premiership.
Turner thanked the Raiders for the opportunity to come to Australia and said the decision to return home was one they made for their future.
“I want to thank the Raiders for the opportunity to come over to Australia and be a part of the Raiders squad. They understand the deal for me and my partner to return home to England to play for Huddersfield was too good for me to turn down,” Turner said.
“I've enjoyed my time with the Raiders and will take the experience with me as I return to the Super League. I want to thank everyone at the raiders and most of all the players for making me feel welcome while I've been in Canberra.”
The Raiders would like to wish Jordan all the best for the future.
MIAMI — James Johnson traveled to Orlando on Tuesday wearing a special Heat “Court Culture” t-shirt of Udonis Haslem. And Johnson was still wearing that shirt after shootaround at Amway Center on Wednesday.
“That's my brother. Why not wear it,” Johnson said when asked why they chose to wear the Haslem shirt.
There are other “Court Culture” t-shirts Johnson could have worn, like the one featuring Dion Waiters or Pat Riley. But Johnson is a big fan of Haslem, who is now in their 15th season with the Heat and has spent each of the past 10 seasons as a team captain.
“That's somebody I look up to and I follow on how to really lead a team and really be a professional leader on and off the court,” Johnson said of Haslem. “That's somebody that I really admire and look up to. So why not? It's the same as a kid wearing a [Michael] Jordan t-shirt, I feel.”
The feeling is mutual. Haslem, 37, wore a “Court Culture” shirt featuring Johnson to travel to Orlando on Tuesday.
“U know what they say??,” Haslem posted on Instagram to caption a photo of themselves and Johnson on the team plane wearing their t-shirts of each other. “Real recognize real. My brotha [James Johnson] is as real as they come.”
Boost VC Bitcoin Sentiment in Pie Charts
Adam Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 10, 2016
We polled all of the Blockchain (meaning Bitcoin also) companies in our portfolio (56 companies) to understand the sentiment they are feeling around Bitcoin and the Blockchain. We are in a unique position to have access to such a large network, and thought it might accurately represent the market.
This surprised me. We do have more specifically “Bitcoin” startups than we have “Blockchain” startups, but I was still expecting more enthusiasm on the side of Blockchain.
Ethereum has become a huge discussion point for many in the Blockchain space. They made a lot of progress and put out some great smart contract developer tools.
You can see the climate in the “Bitcoin” specific space has cooled for investors and all the companies pooled are feeling that.
Its all good in the Blockchain space.
I thought it was incredible that out of 56 companies polled, 12% still never use Bitcoin. However more than 20% use is everyday.
My SS had warned me it might take awhile as they had ordered my gift from Ukraine, so I wasn't really pacing around wondering when it would arrive ... although that day came yesterday! The lady from the post office joked that no one could decipher the handwriting to figure out where it had come from. Haha.
I received this awesome looking mugs -- they're huge (the picture doesn't do it justice) and made of wood, which is awesome! Inside the mugs is a metal liner, which will definitely help with the longevity of the mugs themselves, I'm sure! Nice epoxy-ish coating to keep the wood parts waterproof. Very nice. Obviously built to be used.
These are awesome and seem like really good quality. My wife and I will put them to use for sure. I've got a mead I'm in the process of fermenting now and can't wait to pour myself a giant freaking cup.
Thanks SS! What an awesome gift!
Previews World have posted up the solicits for all the great Transformers Comics coming our way in April 2016! In the main ongoing Transformers series, All Hail Optimus is set to continue with the promise of old friends and old enemies returning, while More than Meets the Eye is going to feature a showdown between two mighty warriors. Sins of the Wreckers 4 is also on the solicits, as is Transformers VS G.I. Joe 12, which sounds like it is going to get even crazier with Optimus Prime taking a trip to Cybertronian Hell – could this be the first in-print depiction of “The Pit” that was mentioned in the Beast Wars cartoon?
Read on for the full solicits and covers.
TRANSFORMERS #52
(W) John Barber (A) Andrew Griffith (CA) Casey W. Coller
ALL HAIL OPTIMUS part 3! OPTIMUS PRIME has declared the Earth to be their territory… but even they can't go it alone. Now they reach out across the galaxy to form a coalition-of old friends and older enemies.
TRANSFORMERS MORE THAN MEETS EYE #52
(W) James Roberts (A/CA) Alex Milne
Megatron vs. Tarn.
TRANSFORMERS SINS OF WRECKERS #4 (OF 5)
(W) Nick Roche & Various
WEB OF DECEIT! The search for PROWL leads the WRECKERS deep into enemy territory-and that's where they're at their best! Unfortunately, with the lives they've lived-the pasts they battle to escape-even their best isn't enough to save everybody.
TRANSFORMERS VS GI JOE #12
(W) John Barber, Tom Scioli (A/CA) Tom Scioli
WELCOME TO THE TERROR DROME! As the forces of COBRA plot a treacherous move, OPTIMUS PRIME descends in to CYBERTRONAIN hell in search of the MATRIX. They say the sun also rises… but will it be friend or foe?!
TRANSFORMERS DISTANT STARS TP
(W) Mairghread Scott (A) Corin Howell, Sara Pitre-Durocher (CA) Naoto Tsushima
After the events of “Combiner Wars,” Windblade and Starscream race to recruit the lost Cybertronian colonies to the Council of Worlds-but which of them will control the fate of Cybertron? Collect issues #4-7 of the Windblade series and the Combiner Hunters One-Shot.
Pilot killed in replica Spitfire crash
Updated
The male pilot of a replica Spitfire plane has been killed in a crash near Gympie in south-east Queensland on Friday afternoon.
Police say the single-seater plane crashed at about 4:00pm (AEST), about 10 kilometres south of Gympie at Lagoon Pocket Road.
The aircraft has broken apart and debris is strewn across a field.
Pilot Ray Gresham who lives on a property nearby says they were watching the Spitfire before it crashed.
"It was a three-quarter sized Spitfire - not a full one," they said.
"He was just doing circuits and it appears as though they have lost control just before they came in to land and went out of control in a spin and crashed into a private farm at Lagoon Pocket."
An investigation is now underway.
The Spitfire was designed as a short-range, high-performance interceptor aircraft and was used by many Allied countries during World War II.
Topics: air-and-space, accidents, disasters-and-accidents, gympie-4570, australia, qld, brisbane-4000
First posted
DAYTONA BEACH — Police and Volusia County sheriff's deputies used a robot to bring a peaceful end to a four-hour standoff Friday night with a man they said was locked inside a home with 30 guns.
The standoff on Ocean Dunes Terrace, which started around 9:40 p.m., led police to evacuate several homes before it ended close to 2 a.m.
The man inside the home, 22-year-old Gregory Tomci, was charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon. Police said he'd also pointed a shotgun at their father in the past. Tomci was being held without bond Saturday at the Volusia Branch Jail.
Police said Tomci had been drinking most of Friday, and their father said he'd been making suicide threats.
Tomci was kicked out of the One Horse Saloon in Daytona Beach when they became aggressive toward their father, according to a police report.
The two drove home, and Tomci began talking about shooting himself, according to the report. Tomci at one point had a 12-gauge shotgun that their father was able to take away from them in a struggle outside their house. But the father told police Tomci ran back into the house and said he'd find another gun.
Hostage negotiators used a public-address system to talk to Tomci, but got no response. Police called in a SWAT team. But it was a Sheriff's Office robot that eventually breached the front door and later a bedroom door to reach Tomci.
In the bedroom, “the robot started giving commands and the suspect came out of the residence” without resistance, police said.
The arrest was Tomci's first in Volusia County, according to court records.
Construction magnate James Lomma declared bankruptcy Wednesday, just a day after the families of two men who were crushed to death by one of their cranes tried to collect a $96 million jury verdict.
In the Brooklyn federal court filing, Lomma says they employ 129 people and owns equipment involved in some of the city's largest construction projects including Hudson Yards and the new World Trade Center.
Lomma, 70, filed four Chapter 11 bankruptcy cases for themselves and three of their companies.
The combined cases peg Lomma's assets at between $4 million and $40 million and their debts at between $40 million and $200 million.
Their lawyer, Kevin Nash, said the cases were filed while Lomma appeals the massive verdict. Lomma, who dubbed themselves the “King of Cranes,” was accused of using a faulty bearing on their Kodiak crane that eventually cracked and collapsed on the Upper East Side in 2008.
Lomma owns a $1 million home on Staten Island, a $300,000 villa in the U.S. Virgin Islands, and a $500,000 airplane. They pay themselves a $147,000 salary.
Besides the $96 million jury verdict to the families of construction worker Ramadan Kurtaj and crane operator Donald Leo Jr., Lomma owes $300,000 in state and federal taxes, $7.8 million to a business partner and $3 million to an aviation finance company, among other debts.
The Post exclusively reported last month that lawyers for the victims claim Lomma's been moving assets to a construction company set up in the name of their daughter, whose former career was in cosmetics sales.
Just yesterday attorneys for the Kurtaj and Leo families slapped liens on two of Lomma's cranes, a bank account and a brokerage account.
“Today, once again, James Lomma has done everything in their power to manipulate the system in their ongoing efforts to deprive the Kurtaj and Leo families of justice and closure in the death of their loved ones,” said attorney Susan Karten.
An oil truck tanker has exploded in Saudi Arabia, leaving at least 26 people dead some 135 injured.
­The vehicle is reported to have crashed into a concrete flyover to the east of the Saudi capital Riyadh, with the explosion occurring near one of the principal city's transport arteries, at a junction on Khurays Road.
Neighboring houses and cars were damaged in the blast, with one industrial building several storeys high almost completely destroyed.
A fuel leak, which occurred after the initial collision, contributed to the scale of damage caused, Saudi officials said.
Victims of the incident were rushed to several nearby hospitals. Medics called on people to donate blood, which is needed to treat many of the patients.
Rescue teams of the national civil defense service and the Red Crescent, as well as traffic police and other security forces, have responded to the emergency.
More casualties are feared as it took several hours for firefighters to extinguish the blaze.
No terrorist connections to the blast are suspected, with police basing this on witness accounts.
Photo from twitter.com user @Kayf_najd
­
Photo from twitter.com user @q7v
­
Photo from twitter.com user @42_abeer
­
Photo from twitter.com user @Hanoooodi
­
Photo from twitter.com user @ATEEKSTER
­
Photo from twitter.com user @Kayf_najd
­
Photo from twitter.com user @Kayf_najd
­
Photo from twitter.com user @Kayf_najd
­
Back in the 90s, much before the age of “Millennials”, youngsters wore whatever the best of fashion their local mom ‘n pop store offered. To a few lucky ones, there was always a US based uncle or cousin who'd get them a Levi's or a L'Oréal lipstick, or if you were privileged enough, you traveled and did your shopping abroad.
Things have come a long way since then. Post liberalization and in the age of the internet, the best of brands – both homegrown and Western – are available in India. And even though, Indian companies have come of age, and are sourcing and manufacturing merchandise comparable to any international brands, the option of owning a foreign brand still offers a massive appeal to the Indian millennials and the brand conscious. In fact, it's the brand awareness created by Western media and pop culture that piques the interest of shoppers back in India. The iPhone-trotting college kid in Greater Kailash knows their Forever Young from their Forever 21. So, when these brands actually open stores in India, allowing their fans to experience buying them without stepping out of the country, all hell breaks loose.
When the shopping floodgates open for the foreign-brand lapping consumers, even before the stores can open their shutters, the crazed fans line up outside the stores to grab their fill. Stampede like situations at stores like Zara are not unheard of. The astronomical price tag on the brand itself, or the possibility of wasting the entire day just wanting to blow all that money notwithstanding, these shoppers are determined and resilient.
The latest chain to open its doors in India is H&M, an ubiquitous, if budget, departmental Swedish chain, which ironically sources most of its clothing from Asian countries, predominantly India. And here's the crowd laying in wait for the store to finally turn the OPEN sign on, at the Phoenix mall in Bombay.
In another instance, when Dunkin' Donuts, a popular doughnut and cafe chain from the US, started its first store in Bengaluru, India, the crowds were not only humongous, some customers even went back home in tears, unable to have purchased a doughnut. The queue, at one point, was over 630 winding people long! “Incidentally, people had started camping as early as 7:30 pm, the previous night!”, a company representative had told Wooplr.
When another fashion chain Forever21 came to India in 2013, they offered a special discount between 7-8am, an odd timing by business operations, but it made sure the crowds started queuing up outside the store well before the sale hours, making for a viral sensation the brand could only hope for on its first day.
And of course when Starbucks, the popular coffee chain, open its first outlet in New Delhi, India, all hell broke loose. The queues outside the cafe ran the entire length of the Connaught place, and special security had to be arranged to control the crowds.
While an empty Cafe Coffee Day looked awkwardly from inside its doors, Starbucks of course wasn't complaining.
(Update: An earlier version of this article erroneously mentioned H&M as a US brand. It's been corrected.)
Comments
comments
Overview
Black - an ice-cold mercenary and hired gun - awakes in a mysterious old asylum with no memory of their past.
Under the guidance of their anonymous captor, ‘Red', Black embarks on a form of treatment, facilitated by a unique technology - a headset that allows the user to relive their memories and experience them again in the present.
And so Black tries to remember.
With the help of the ‘Pandora' headset, they travel into the depths of their own mind to explore the truth behind the only thing they can remember: the rescue attempt of a teenage girl with a bomb strapped to their chest.
Get Even™ ©2017 BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment Europe S.A.S developed by The Farm 51 Group S.A. All rights reserved.
See more See less System Requirements MINIMUM:
OS: 64-bit Windows 7, 64-bit Windows 8 (8.1) or 64-bit Windows 10
64-bit Windows 7, 64-bit Windows 8 (8.1) or 64-bit Windows 10 Processor: Intel CPU Core i5-2500K 3.3GHz / AMD CPU Phenom II X4 940
Intel CPU Core i5-2500K 3.3GHz / AMD CPU Phenom II X4 940 Memory: 8 GB RAM
8 GB RAM Graphics: Nvidia GPU GeForce GTX 660 / AMD GPU Radeon HD 7870
Nvidia GPU GeForce GTX 660 / AMD GPU Radeon HD 7870 DirectX: Version 11
Version 11 Network: Broadband Internet connection
Broadband Internet connection Storage: 40 GB available space
40 GB available space Sound Card: DirectX Compatible RECOMMENDED:
OS: 64-bit Windows 7, 64-bit Windows 8 (8.1) or 64-bit Windows 10
64-bit Windows 7, 64-bit Windows 8 (8.1) or 64-bit Windows 10 Processor: Intel CPU Core i7 3770 3.4 GHz / AMD CPU AMD FX-8350 4 GHz
Intel CPU Core i7 3770 3.4 GHz / AMD CPU AMD FX-8350 4 GHz Memory: 8 GB RAM
8 GB RAM Graphics: AMD Radeon RX 480, Nvidia GeForce GTX 970
AMD Radeon RX 480, Nvidia GeForce GTX 970 DirectX: Version 11
Version 11 Network: Broadband Internet connection
Broadband Internet connection Storage: 40 GB available space
40 GB available space Sound Card: DirectX Compatible
MINIMUM:RECOMMENDED:
Violence
Blood
Sexual Themes
Drug and Alcohol Reference
Strong Language
Online Interactions Not Rated by the ESRB
NO MATTER how divided, America comes together every ten years for the census. It is the single event in which everyone, regardless of creed, colour or even citizenship, is supposed to take part. Few government agencies could boast that their mandate was enshrined in the constitution, as the Census Bureau can, thanks to the impassioned arguments of James Madison, who thought that future legislators should “rest their arguments on facts, instead of assertions and conjectures”. But that noble mission may be jeopardised by inadequate preparations for the next census, due in 2020.
Spending usually rises greatly in the years before a census, to pay for testing and technology. But pending legislation would appropriate only $1.5bn for the 2018 fiscal year, nearly $300m less than needed, according to Terri Ann Lowenthal, a census expert. The Government Accountability Office (GAO) has placed the 2020 census on its list of high-risk projects. Lack of funding has already caused the bureau to cancel two of its three “end-to-end” tests, as dress rehearsals are called. John Thompson, the agency's director, unexpectedly left in June; President Donald Trump has yet to nominate their replacement.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
America's census is an astounding, expensive event. In 2010 the Census Bureau amassed 550,000 temporary employees and spent $12.3bn trying to count every American resident. The GAO notes that costs have increased from $16 per household in 1970 to $92 in 2010. If an accurate tally is costly, though, an inaccurate one is probably more so.
Census counts determine the number of congressional representatives, as well as the boundaries of districts. Nearly $600bn of federal funding is allocated on the basis of census data each year, according to recent estimates by Andrew Reamer of George Washington University. Businesses rely on the numbers to identify stocks of skilled labour and latent demand for new branches. Target, a big retailer, uses the data to decide which items to stock on its shelves.
Because Congress has directed the bureau not to spend more than it did in 2010, it is planning to run the first high-tech census. The bureau wants to blend administrative data held by state agencies, use online maps and push internet response at an unprecedented rate. Those changes would save $5bn compared with the old methods, but must be rigorously tested in advance to ensure that the data are of high quality and secure. If that is not done, the bureau will be forced to default to older, more expensive methods.
Missing persons
Mr Thompson is more sanguine about the bureau's challenges than others. What does worry him, though, is funding for the bureau's outreach efforts. “You can't get an accurate census without advertising,” they say. The bureau's partnerships with community leaders, such as Baptist ministers in the rural South and Indian chiefs, help shore up response rates among groups sceptical of government. Civil-rights groups worry that many Latinos and Muslims will sit out the census, and lose political clout and public services as a result.
America's other statistical agencies are also under strain. Stagnant funding for the Bureau of Labour Statistics (BLS), which produces market-moving numbers such as the unemployment and inflation rates, is making mistakes much more likely, says Erica Groshen, the BLS commissioner until January 2017. One error, caught at the last minute after a large retailer changed its reporting software, would have moved the consumer price index estimate by 0.2 percentage points. At that level, Social Security payments would have been wrong by $1.9bn per year. Because of flat funding, the BLS has suspended programmes tracking mass lay-offs and green jobs. Smaller statistical agencies like the Bureau of Economic Analysis, which produces GDP estimates, are also at risk. As Robert Groves, who led the Census Bureau in the last count, puts it, “They're cutting into bone now.”
Since news broke last week that Tampines Rovers will slash players' wages for the next season, it has been an unsettling period at the Stags camp.
But the man in the middle, its chairperson Krishna Ramachandra, is standing firm on their cost-cutting measures even if they face an exodus of footballers who are unwilling to accept their new contracts, which can be as low as $2,500 per month.
National players in the S-League typically earn between $4,000 and $10,000.
This will leave Tampines with a serious lack of firepower as Singapore's representative at next year's Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Cup after a 2-0 win over Balestier Khalsa last night helped them seal second place in the S-League.
Ramachandra told The Sunday Times: "We have to live with that (the exodus) if we cannot afford them. If we lose the likes of Billy Mehmet and Jermaine Pennant and have fewer national players, for sure there will be some impact to the team.
"But one or two players don't make up a team. We will still have several senior players around, but if players do end up leaving, I will bring in the youths to fill the gaps and give them an opportunity to perform.
BEING REALISTIC We have to make do with what we have. The long-term sustainability of the club is the top priority for us. We don't want to have an enlarged squad yet not be able to afford it. KRISHNA RAMACHANDRA, Tampines chairperson, on the necessity of a reduced budget next season. LACK OF AMMUNITION What sort of team are we putting up to represent the nation at the AFC Cup competition next year when we are supposed to represent the best of Singapore football? ISMADI MUKHTAR, Tampines defender, questioning their team's firepower ahead of a reduced budget next season.
"For all we know, there might be some who say 'we want to stay on and build the team'."
Seasoned defender Ismadi Mukhtar questioned: "With (a reduced) budget, what sort of team are we putting up to represent the nation at the AFC Cup competition next year when we are supposed to represent the best of Singapore football?"
But the departure of quality players could potentially end the Stags' status as an S-League powerhouse. The club have won the title five times in the past 12 seasons and have finished in the top four every year since 2002.
Seven of their players were called up to the Lions squad for the recent international friendly matches against Malaysia and Hong Kong.
But Ramachandra is determined to tighten the belt, saying: "We have to make do with what we have. The long-term sustainability of the club is the top priority for us. We don't want to have an enlarged squad yet not be able to afford it.
"But maybe in the upcoming months and few years, if more sponsorships come through, then we can build a bigger team."
After taking over from Teo Hock Seng at the end of last season, they stuck to their belief that the club will not rely on the revenue from jackpot operations, which they called "artificially generated funds".
They questioned the viability of the jackpot revenue: "How long is that going to last? Relying on that creates an unrealistic bubble which might not be able to last in the future."
They also prefer not to rely on a benefactor or an individual to keep pouring money to finance a club. Instead, a better long-term viable option was to secure sponsorship.
Former national defender R. Sasikumar, whose sports agency Red Card Group helped Tampines sign Pennant, said: "(We cannot) crucify a guy (Ramachandra) who is just trying to live within theirs means.
"As far as paying players' salaries is concerned, he's kept their side of the bargain. They have gone into it (the job) with their eyes open, knowing what to do. It takes time to turn things around, you can't turn something around in just one season.
"But I do feel for the players, it's the worst place to be in right now."
The last obstacle standing in the way of Maryland's new gun control law was cleared this weekend, leaving gun control advocates relieved but gun rights supporters galvanized for future political action.
The Saturday deadline to submit more than 18,000 signatures calling for a referendum on the legislation passed this year by the General Assembly came up short with pro-gun petition organizers needing roughly 1,000 more signatures. Had the signatures been collected, organizers would have had until the end of June to get the remainder of the 55,736 signatures required to suspend the legislation until the 2014 election.
“This was not a failure,” said Sue Payne, the Montgomery County woman who organized the petition effort. “People registered to vote, they mobilized, and there's a new place to register [petitions]. It was remarkable considering we were really at it three weeks and two days,” Ms. Payne said.
Ms. Payne said the six counties that submitted the most signatures were Baltimore, Carroll, Harford, Anne Arundel, Montgomery and Frederick.
They sprang into action after Delegate Neil C. Parrott, Washington Republican and the man behind MDPetitions.com, announced in April that they would not be pursuing a referendum, but instead would lend their support to a lawsuit proposed by the National Rifle Association.
So Ms. Payne set up their own grass-roots petition site, Free State Petitions, and began collecting signatures in early May.
“I'm so proud I tried to give these people a voice,” Ms. Payne said. “This is not going away. This is going to be something where we are going to be able to affect changes with tools of the Maryland Constitution. We're going to make sure people know who really supports Second Amendment rights.”
Vincent DeMarco, president of Marylanders to Prevent Gun Violence, said the passing deadline meant that “now this lifesaving law can take effect as planned.”
The law adds 45 guns to a list of banned weapons, but has a clause that grandfathers people who own or purchase their firearms before the law takes effect Oct. 1. The legislative package also includes a 10-round limit on handgun magazines, a requirement that prospective gun owners obtain licenses for weapons and provide their fingerprints as part of the application process.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Kate Melton for the Globe Eddie Lopez was the investigator for the House Select Committee on Assassinations.
WASHINGTON — It was nearly four decades ago that Eddie Lopez was hired by a congressional committee to reinvestigate the 1963 murder of President John F. Kennedy, a role that had them digging through top secret documents at the CIA.
In the end, the House Select Committee on Assassinations reported in 1978 that it believed the assassination was probably the result of a conspiracy, although it couldn't prove that, and its conclusions are disputed by many researchers.
But now Lopez is seeking answers to a lingering question: Could still-classified records reveal, as they and some of their fellow investigators have long alleged, that the CIA interfered with the congressional investigation and placed the committee staff under surveillance?
Advertisement
While Lopez's latest effort to uncover new information may seem quixotic, given the seemingly endless spate of JFK conspiracy theories, it has taken on new meaning in the wake of revelations that the CIA earlier this year spied on the Senate Intelligence Committee in an unrelated case.
Get Ground Game in your inbox: Daily updates and analysis on national politics from James Pindell. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
CIA employees hacked into the computers of Senate staffers reviewing the agency's counterterrorism tactics. When the allegations were corroborated, the CIA apologized and vowed to take disciplinary actions.
While this year's controversy has no direct relation to the Kennedy inquiry, it has raised new questions about how far the CIA has undermined congressional oversight, including the investigation into Kennedy's murder in Dallas.
“It was time to fight one last time to ascertain what happened to JFK and to our investigation into their assassination,” Lopez, who is now the chief counsel for a school district in Rochester, N.Y., said in an interview.  They are joined in the effort by two other former investigators, researcher Dan Hardway and G. Robert Blakey, the panel's staff director.
Lopez, 58, charges that the CIA actively stymied the probe and monitored the committee staff members as they pursued leads about the events leading up to the assassination.
Advertisement
Lopez and their two colleagues are asking the CIA to release “operational files you have regarding operations aimed at, targeting, related to, or referring to” the House panel they worked for, along with records about the “surveillance of any and all members of the staff.”
Their attorney, James Lesar of the Assassination Archives and Research Center, in Silver Spring, Md., asserts they have a right to any CIA files about themselves under provisions of the CIA Information Act of 1984 and the Privacy Act of 1974, which could “shed light on the confused investigatory aftermath of the assassination.”
Blakey, who is now a professor at the University of Notre Dame, said they are anxious to know what the CIA was up to. “I was at Danny's home and it looked like there were surveillance vans,” they recalled. “I would like to know what they had.”
The CIA declined to comment directly on the case, but said in a statement it intends “to treat these inquiries as we would any others, in full accordance with the respective laws and regulations.”
Some observers said the CIA has a long history of blocking congressional oversight of its activities.
Advertisement
“I think there is a pattern,” said John Prados, a senior fellow at the National Security Archive at George Washington University and author of “The Family Jewels: The CIA, Secrecy, and Presidential Power.”
They cited two congressional investigations in the mid-1970s of the agency's assassination plots against foreign leaders and the arms-for-hostages operation known as the Iran-Contra Affair in the 1980s. In those cases, Prados and other historians allege, the CIA withheld information, spread false stories, or did not make available all witnesses.
Lopez, Blakey, and Hardway contend they were rebuffed during their investigation when they asked about a CIA-backed group of Cuban exiles who had been seeking to overthrow Castro that had widely publicized ties to alleged assassin Lee Harvey Oswald. They were informed that such a case officer did not exist for the so-called Revolutionary Student Directorate -- also known by its Spanish-language acronym DRE . Their suspicions grew when they learned from a lawsuit in the late 1990s that one of the agency's chief liaisons to the assassination panel, the late George Joannides, was operating “undercover” and it was Joannides, a career intelligence operative, who helped manage the Cuban group before the assassination.
”He, the [DRE] case agent, denied that there was a case agent and they could not find the DRE file,” Blakey said of Joannides in an interview. “He was an inhibitor, not a facilitator, which is what they were supposed to be.”
Jefferson Morley, a former Washington Post reporter whose lawsuit against the CIA shook loose some of the revelations about Joannides' true identity and covert background, maintains that a host of files about the mysterious officer remain secret.
“Was there a mission to deceive [the panel]?” asks Morley, who runs the independent research organization JFKfacts.org.
The former House investigators believe so but now want the CIA to fully come clean.
Said Hardway: “I hope to learn some more parts to the puzzle that the agency has kept hidden.”
Bryan Bender can be reached at bryan.bender@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @GlobeBender
Bernie Sanders has spent the past month climbing in the early primary polls and delivering their stump speech to overflow crowds in town halls and school gymnasiums from New Hampshire to Nevada. But even as the independent senator from Vermont builds momentum on the ground and in the bank — he's already raised $8.3 million in mostly small donations — there is no place more energized and passionate about their campaign than the Internet.
On social media, the race for the Democratic presidential nomination is being run in reverse: Supporters lavish the same kind of attention on Sanders' every tweet or Facebook post that the network news broadcasts typically devote to Hillary Clinton's daily grind. To get at why, Mic posed two simple questions to the truest believers:
How did you first hear about Bernie Sanders, and what do you think sets them apart from all the other candidates?
Their answers — more than 1,600 in a little more than 24 hours — ranged from deeply drawn-out laundry lists of Sanders' pet issues to personal stories to loud-and-proud arguments attesting to their unique political substance. The Sanders phenomenon might be new to national press, but the senator has been forging and fortifying their ties to the progressive activist community for decades. Their early success is less a "surge" than the natural progression of slow-building wave Sanders hopes will crest inland — in Iowa, perhaps? — as the first contest of the primary season begins early next year.
Christian Mazza/Mic More than 5,000 supporters turned out for Sanders' first campaign rally, on May 26, in Burlington, Vermont.
For now, the real strength of Sanders' support seems to lie in the trust they inspire among potential voters. Though much expressed admiration for Clinton, the idea that Sanders is "different from all the other candidates" popped up over and again. This aligns with the most recent polling from Bloomberg, which finds Sanders with a significant lead over the "frontrunner" on the question of authenticity. In New Hampshire and Iowa, Sanders leads Clinton by 12 and 17 points, respectively.
Still, the numbers can leave you cold. The responses to our unscientific survey will not. Here are the "Sanderistas" in their own words:
They speak a very harsh truth to the powerful on Wall Street...
Walt Burnham: "Bernie Sanders has been telling the same truths about corporate malfeasance, banks, Wall Street, education, equal opportunity, the environment — for many years. He's been sneered at and dismissed by the corporate shills in Congress all the while but they have never wavered or been cowed by their arrogance.
They Strike ME AS A SINCERELY HONEST PERSON, a true rarity in politics. They have an appropriately feisty nature."
... and they don't stop speaking until he's good and ready.
Colleen Kennedy: "Sanders was the keynote at the Pennsylvania Progressive Summit this year. My job as a volunteer was to make sure their speech didn't run past their allotted time slot, and I was provided signs to hold up to them so they would know when to stop. They filibustered for 17 extra minutes and pointed right at my face as they did it.
It was the most magical thing that ever happened to me."
The message in those speeches is consistent and passionate...
Beth Sarver: "His energy is gruff yet kind, honest and takes no bullshit. Their ideas are sound and resonate with me deeply.  They are consistent and sassy and they are communicating honestly about one of the most important aspect of politics, engaged citizenry. The only way that they will win, is if all of us engage and do our part by voting and investing our creative capitol in improving this nation for all people.
There is not one other candidate that inspires me at all."
... and it's not an act — he's the same on the campaign trail as they are visiting a college class.
Jordan Dixon: "I first heard Bernie speak in my "Race Relations in the United States" class at the University of Vermont. I remember thinking 'Wow, this member of congress is taking time out of their schedule to talk to a bunch of first year students?' They showed me that a politician doesn't have to be the stereotype we've always seen: spewing what they think we want to hear but remaining distant and detached from their constituents, only focused on where the money comes from and staying in their seat of power."
In difficult or politically sensitive moments, Sanders is honest about theirs feelings...
Jackie Kabanda: "After the Charlestown shootings, others expressed sadness but talked about not really knowing what happened or why. Bernie cut through the noise to name it what it was: racism. And specifically, racism not just expressed by one violent individual, but a systemic problem in the country today. No euphemism, no dancing around it. You can't address or solve a problem without naming it.
That's when I knew they were different, for the better."
... even if that means they need to bail on young visitors to return to work.
Peter Huffman: "I had a meeting with Bernie Sanders as a high schooler at their office in the Capitol. What set them apart from the other big name politicians that I met was that they aren't 'sugary sweet' and they didn't try to pretend that they aren't busy. They were all business. They talked with us, connected as a human being, and explained that we, as a nation, were in the middle of a huge crisis (the debt crisis of Summer '11) and that they needed to get back to the floor."
Their consistency and fiery style has built new trust among disillusioned voters...
Eddy Tingles: "Even as someone far from Bernie on the political spectrum, he's literally the only candidate I trust. I like Rand's libertarian politics but their willingness to cater to the mainstream at the expense of their values puts them behind Bernie. I first heard about Bernie on the internet a few months before they started talking about a presidential run, and they just seems like a real straight shooter."
... and strikes a serious contrast with candidates who have wavered on big issues.
Scott Novak: "My boyfriend and I are huge Bernie Sanders supporters. Unlike Clinton, Bernie has been standing up for LGBT Americans for years now. Notably, they voted against the Defense of Marriage Act, which the Clinton administration signed into law. I first heard about Bernie after the 2008 financial crisis when they called out the big banks for their crimes, and I have admired them ever since."
But there is one question:
Drew Martin: "Bernie has been our collective conscience for many years now. The question is, do we have the courage to vote for him?"
If those latest polls out of the early voting states are any indication, Democrats have become increasingly willing to consider the prospect. With more than seven months until the first caucus-goers begin lining up at schoolhouses and election halls across Iowa, one thing seems inarguably clear: If Sanders doesn't win, they won't be able to blame the Internet.
When my assault happened, I was 15. Before that, I had what I think of as a pretty normal teenage life: I hung out with friends, did sports in high school, was part of the cheer team. My whole outlook on high school was really altered after my assault happened the summer after my first-year student year.
Sexual assault wasn't even something on my radar because it had never been talked about, especially by my school. We didn't have comprehensive sex ed, so there was no talk about what consent was or what a healthy relationship looked like. All I was taught was that a sexual encounter was a sexual encounter — I had no way of distinguishing between consensual sex and rape. And I never thought rape or sexual violence could happen to me.
When I look back on it, I realize I didn't even realize I had been assaulted until a week after it happened. Because after it happened, I was scared. To me, I had just lost my virginity — but I didn't even realize I had been assaulted.
What had happened that night was that I was hanging out with some friends and we decided to go to a party. We didn't know the people whose party it was. I had a beer when I got to the party and after a few sips I was blacked out drunk. To this day, I'm not really sure, but I believe I was roofied. Because it just doesn't make sense, to be sober one minute and completely blacked out drunk the next. And that's something I am still unsettled with — that I don't know what happened to me that night.
The next day I woke up and came to the realization that I had sex, but that I didn't remember it. All I remember of that night is telling my perpetrator, ‘Please don't get me pregnant' — which is a terrifying thing to have to say. I know that night one minute I was fine, and the next minute I wasn't. What my friends say they say is that this guy handed me a beer, was flirting with me all night, and then we left. They didn't think there was anything unusual about that, which is troubling too.
I had never had any previous sexual education, so my first thought was, “I need to get Plan B,” not, “Oh, I've been sexually assaulted.” It took me over a week to piece that together, which is pretty terrible. No one should have to take that long to piece that together. The next morning, I was just really afraid about what this meant. So many scenarios ran through my head: Did I get pregnant? Would I see them again? What kind of rumors would circulate around my really small school that only had 200 people in it? I was so afraid of what people would think of me and my situation and where I would even go from here. I didn't even know what the next step was in terms of providing care for myself.
And when I came to the realization that I had been sexually assaulted, my first thought was to go to Planned Parenthood. I was too afraid to talk to my parents about it — my parents are great and I love them, but they were not comfortable talking about sex with me. So I just had so much fear about what to do next — until I thought of Planned Parenthood. I grew up in a small town and was disconnected from knowing there was anyone who thought there was anything controversial about it. I just knew it was a woman's health clinic to get care for little to no cost.
Read More
I had never been to Planned Parenthood before that. I walked there because I was 15 and didn't have a car and wasn't going to ask my mom for my health insurance card and explain to them why I thought I needed to see a doctor. To this day, I am eternally grateful that Planned Parenthood was there for me and that I just walked in. They could tell I was really nervous and scared. No questions asked, they gave me the care I needed and never asked for anything in return. From the moment I checked in, I felt comforted because I knew I could open up there and knew that everything I said there was confidential. I could tell the women there safely what had happened and would get the care I needed.
I originally told the doctor there that I had unprotected sex and that I thought I needed Plan B or something like that. And the doctor said without any judgment that a lot of women have unprotected sex and started talking to me about how to use protection in the future and what kind of options were available to me. And I said, I not only had unprotected and unsafe sex, but I also don't remember it.
They were the one who raised to me that it was sexual assault. Not that I didn't know at heart, but I really didn't want it to be true. I had almost talked myself out of knowing I had been sexually assaulted because I was so busy blaming myself. I was scared and embarrassed and ashamed. But my doctor at Planned Parenthood made it clear to me — and told me it wasn't my fault.
At that time they said, “We can provide counseling. We can connect you with that right resources if you want to report it.” It was such a relief that they and everyone else there had my back. Now I am so embarrassed that I didn't report it, but at the time I was embarrassed to report it. But from that moment at Planned Parenthood on, I felt like I could start to rebuild and figure out a plan to cope with everything else that was happening.
After my assault, there was a lot of really negative stigma surrounding me at my high school as people learned about what had happened. There was a lot of “Oh, they were asking for it” and just negative connotations among my peers in my community, not just in my school but in the whole town. I was really angry for a long time. I felt like no one could understand what I was going through.
I realize now that I wasn't the only person who had been through this. At that point, I hadn't really found my voice. I was just going through the motions. I was so relieved when I finally graduated and could get out of that environment. I have a lot of regrets. There are a lot of things I wish I had done differently. I wish I had talked to my parents. I wish I had reported my rape. I wish I had confronted the slut-shaming. But at that time, I was just scared.
When I started college, it was in the middle of all the attacks on Planned Parenthood, people saying they were killing babies based on some videos that were obviously false. And I was pissed. I was so angry that a group of people were targeting the health clinic that saved my life. In the state of Alaska, the sexual assault rate is two and a half times higher than the national average, so I knew I had to do something. I joined a club on campus called Generation Action, which was there to support Planned Parenthood, and now I'm the president. It was there that my inner activist really took flight, and today our main focus as a club is on sexual assault prevention.
The reason I chose to not talk about my assault before then and report it was because I was afraid. It was an issue that my peers and my parents and the people I looked up to never talked about as an issue — which makes no sense, since I know now that in Alaska, sexual assault is a huge issue. The way we view sexual violence, we make it seem like it's an issue that's private and not public. And on top of that, there's the whole nature of not believing survivors.
We don't have comprehensive sexual education in Alaska in schools, which is why I think that sexual assault prevention is an issue that most students can rally behind and why we're seeing so much support with the work we're doing on campus now. I have decided to commit myself to making sure there's comprehensive sexual education in the state of Alaska before I leave. I have a 9-year-old sister who lives in the same town I grew up in, and I won't rest until I know she's safe among their peers and their community. I know it won't be easy, since this is a pretty red state, and overall, sexual education is viewed negatively in Alaska. That's why this work is so important. We need to support our youth to make sure they can be successful. And they can't be successful without sexual education to take care of themselves.
When I went to Planned Parenthood after my rape, the biggest thing they provided me with is knowledge. I am eternally grateful to the doctor there that I saw. It sounds corny, but knowledge is power. I had to learn the hard way what consent looks like. I got tested for STIs and got Plan B and got birth control. But the biggest thing they did for me was give me an education. That day, my doctor walked me through it all. They said, “I'm sure you're aware, but your encounter wasn't consensual. You were raped.” They gave me the rundown: “ Here's what consent means. Here's what a healthy relationship looks like.”
No one had ever talked to me about any of that before. I was so surprised in that moment. It was like, “Why have I not received this education at school?” This is clearly really important. I'm not stupid. I know that an unhealthy encounter looks like. But it had never occurred to me that I could be a victim of sexual assault until I was. And the biggest thing I was upset about after my rape was that no one had ever talked to me about rape before. We had sexual education in school, but it was abstinence only. It was obvious to me that my school district was not preparing students well enough for these situations. I was angry at the whole situation because I felt that if I had received proper education, I wouldn't have been sexually assaulted.
When I tell people my story, I have had people say, “I never viewed Planned Parenthood as a positive thing but seeing how they helped you made me think differently about the organization as a whole.” Even after my sexual assault happened, I have continued to go to Planned Parenthood for my health care. I have been there for everything from getting tested to having a cold, and not having insurance since I'm just a student, I know I can always get the care I need there. I think Planned Parenthood saved my life. I didn't know where to go or what to do after I was raped, and they provided me with care. And that's not just physical care, but a community I came to rely on.
What's going on now in the state of Alaska is not working. I truly believe the only way we're going to fix the problem of sexual assault is through comprehensive sexual education. If you don't give people the tools they need early on to succeed, how can you expect us to protect ourselves? And part of the solution is supporting Planned Parenthood. You can't say you want to help survivors of sexual assault but be working against Planned Parenthood. I want my legislators who are working to defund Planned Parenthood and who think we don't need comprehensive sexual education to know that I don't want to have to say that they are wrong, but they are wrong. There's so much we can do to help ensure that no one else is the victim of sexual violence — and ensuring that everyone has access to comprehensive sexual education and making sure people can access Planned Parenthood are two big steps in the right direction.
As told to Jennifer Gerson Uffalussy
Read more from Yahoo Style + Beauty:
Follow us on Instagram, Facebook, and Pinterest for nonstop inspiration delivered fresh to your feed, every day. For Twitter updates, follow @YahooStyle and@YahooBeauty.
The Oakland County Health Division announced today that the Michigan Department of Community Health and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have confirmed a measles case in an adult Oakland County resident.
This case may be associated with the recent Disneyland outbreak in California, but an exact connection has not yet been determined, the Health Division said in a news release.
Measles is a highly contagious disease and can be transmitted five days before and four days after the rash appears.
Oakland County Executive L. Brooks Patterson has authorized OCHD to open their Nurse on Call Hotline and clinic in Pontiac, 1200 N Telegraph Road, Building 34 East, from 11 a.m. – 3 p.m. on Saturday, January 24 and Sunday, January 25 to offer the Measles, Mumps, and Rubella (MMR) vaccine. Residents can call or e-mail Nurse on Call at 800-848-5533 and noc@oakgov.com today until 8pm and on Saturday andSunday from 11am – 3pm with any questions.
"We are encouraging anyone who is not vaccinated to consult their doctor immediately and get vaccinated as soon as possible, said Kathy Forzley, OCHD manager / health officer. " The vaccine is very effective, but if you have had only one dose of the MMR vaccine, we are also urging you to get the second dose as well."
Measles is a vaccine preventable, respiratory infection that is highly contagious and is spread through the air by sneezing and coughing. The measles virus can live for up to two hours on a surface or in the air, where the infected person coughed or sneezed.
"If you have symptoms consistent with measles, please call your healthcare provider or Oakland County's Nurse on Call. It is best to make contact by phone to prevent further possible measles cases," said Forzley.
Measles symptoms usually begin 10-12 days after exposure and include:
Hard, dry cough
Sneezing or runny nose
Watery or red eyes
Rash that is red, raised, blotchy, starts on face and spreads to trunk, arms, and leg
Fever which rises when rash appears (101o f or higher)
OCHD accepts health insurance, as well as Medicaid, Medicare, Vaccines for Children (VFC) program, cash, and credit. The MMR vaccine cost $56 per dose. VFC offers vaccines at no cost for eligible children.
For up-to-date public health information, visit www.oakgov.com/health or find Public Health Oakland on Facebook and Twitter @publichealthOC.
____
Photo via Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Despite the fact that the recent trend seems to be against downvoting in general (both the social media giants – Facebook and Google Plus – are not giving their users the option to vote down / dislike an update), we still have to deal with negative voting dilemma: downvoting is still available at social voting veterans (Digg and Reddit) as well as large new-comers: the last year's successful start-up Quora lets its users down vote each other's comments.
So is downvoting really necessary? In most cases, when properly integrated into the algorithm, yes, it helps a lot.
For example, Quora uses downvoting feature to attract more attention to the “best” (most constructive and informative) answers as well as hide (“collapse”) non-interesting one-line comments.
Digg uses down votes to (automatically and manually) block offensive comments.
Downvoting is the essential user-powered moderation mechanism, when treated and approached properly.
Downvoting Etiquette
As a social media user who is entitled to thumb down anyone's comment, what's the best (and the most ethical) way to use that option?
Reddit
To answer this question, it's the wisest to cite Reddiquette, the smartest guidelines about user interaction:
Dos:
Down vote anything if you think it shouldn't be on reddit; Down vote anything if you think it is off-topic on a particular community Down vote anything if you dislike it. Downvote useless comments (if they add nothing to the discussion)
Don'ts:
Don't down vote anything if you dislike the person (as apposed to the comment); Don't mass-downvote someone else's posts; Don't downvote opinions just because you disagree with them; Don't downvote opinions just because they are critical of you.
Comment your down votes: Downvoting is anonymous. You should only comment on your vote down if you have some constructive criticism which can help the original poster to improve.
Quora
Quora representatives have more to say about downvoting reasons:
Dos:
Downvote if the answer is not relevant to the question; Downvote spam or nonsense; Downvote factually incorrect answers; Downvote merely a short expression of personal taste with no explanation.
Don'ts:
Don't down vote if you simply answer because they disagree with them.
Comment your down votes: yes, please, if you down vote, try to provide constructive feedback to help the poster write a better answer.
So let's recap:
Down vote when: Quora Reddit Digg The content is irrelevant and / or offtopic Yes Yes N/A content is useless (adds nothing to discussion) Yes Yes N/A content is offensive N/A N/A Yes You dislike the content N/A Yes N/A dislike the user N/A No N/A When you disagree with the opinion No No N/A When the opinion is highly subjective No No N/A content is factually incorrect Yes N/A N/A Downvoting with comments Encouraged: downvoting with no reason or associated comments) is frustrating to the poster Discouraged: comment only if it'll help the poster to improve N/A
Generally, the two social media giants have basically one point of disagreement: whether you should or shouldn't comment your negative vote. The reasoning is clear: Reddit aims to avoid personal attacks and prefers to keep down votes anonymous, while Quora prefers to teach the users on how to become more useful contributors to the community.
The bottom line: So should you comment when you vote anything down?
Downvote the main story if you dislike it;
Downvote someone's comment if you have some real reason behind that (share this reason to help the initial commenter).
Your negative vote is only good when it makes sense.
How to Treat It If Your Comment is Down-Voted
The truth is, there is no “perfect” solution and downvoting can have some nasty consequences: unreasonable downvoting can be demoralizing and discouraging to (especially to newer) members.
Experienced members who have participated in social voting sites for ages are most likely to have received multiple thumbs down and have learned to deal with it.
What about newer users? Or those who are a bit easier offended?
Try to Learn Your Lesson
Reddiquette suggests using downvoting to try to understand if you are actually spamming. As funny as it may sound, but that's really not always easy (especially for new-comers) to tell if you are (unwillingly) gaming the system.
Do you keep getting too many down votes and buries? Then try to evaluate your own actions: chances are your contributions are irrelevant to the community.
Don't Get Obsessed
Reddiquette advises against trying to contact mods asking why your submission got down voted:
Millions of people use reddit; every story and comment gets at least a few down votes.
Indeed, there will always be trolls and bury brigades no matter what. If you have good reasons to suspect that your story is being buried with down votes, try contacting the moderators with your reasons. Otherwise, just don't feed the trolls!
False news that erroneously named a suspect in the deadly Las Vegas mass shooting on Sunday spread on Google and Facebook before the services removed the posts in question, the two companies acknowledged Monday.
Erroneous posts on both services — one highlighted by Google's "Top Stories" search results, the other circulated by Facebook users — falsely identified the shooter as an apparently uninvolved person.
Las Vegas police say Stephen Craig Paddock, of Mesquite, Nevada, fired down on concertgoers from the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay casino hotel, killing at least 59 people and wounding more than 500 in the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Paddock killed themselves as authorities closed in.
But a story by the pro-Trump political website "The Gateway Pundit" named a different person as the shooter, citing a Facebook page to claim the individual was "a far left loon" and "a Democrat who liked (MSNBC host) Rachel Maddow." Posters on the anonymous, anarchic 4chan.org forum likewise trumpeted supposed findings that the same individual was both the shooter and a "social democrat." BuzzFeed saved screenshots of the stories, which no longer turn up on either Gateway Pundit or 4chan.
Google said in a statement that it highlighted 4chan's "Politically Incorrect" message board, where the incorrect posts appeared, for several hours before its search algorithm replaced it with more relevant results. The 4chan result only appeared if users entered the erroneous name as a query, Google said. The listing did not appear in Google News.
"This should not have appeared for any queries," a Google spokesperson said, adding that the company would aim to prevent it from happening again.
Facebook said its security team removed Gateway Pundit results and other similar posts from its social network, some within minutes. But because that removal was "delayed," the company said, images of the incorrect story were captured and circulated online.
"We are working to fix the issue that allowed this to happen in the first place and deeply regret the confusion this caused," a Facebook spokesperson said in a statement.
Both companies are under fire from lawmakers for promoting false stories in the lead-up to last year's election, and have been invited to testify at a congressional investigation into Russian meddling in the race.
When it comes to holiday drinks, most people think of Egg Nog (Dale DeGroff's Uncle Angelo's is the best) or Hot Buttered Rum. Both of these drinks can be delicious if prepared correctly, but it's easy to get bored with these same drinks time and again throughout the holiday season.
Our favorite holiday drink is actually a very old classic cocktail (developed in the 1820's) made with egg, sugar, milk, cognac, and rum called the Tom and Jerry. We first had this drink at the Teardrop Lounge in Portland, Oregon where it was served from a large punch bowl. We fell madly in love with the drink but never had an occasion to make a huge punch bowl of it. A short while later we were at Rum Club, also in Portland, and saw the drink prepared individually from batter taken out of the freezer. That's when the lightbulb went on and we started making them for ourselves.
One of the great things about the Tom & Jerry is that the base “batter” can be easily prepared in advance and you can use it to make a single serving or a large number of servings very easily. When it comes to holiday cocktails, easy is important. Our first few times out with the Tom and Jerry we used the wonderfully charming recipe from Cocktail Boothby's “American Bartender,” published in 1891:
Tom and Jerry (Boothby's Version) To make this celebrated beverage, a batter must first be prepared in the following manner. Procure any number of eggs and separate the whites from the yolks. Beat the whites until stiff and the yolks until thin; then pour both together into a large bowl and mix with enough sugar to make a thick paste. Your batter is now ready, so when you wish to make a Tom and Jerry, rinse out a mug, cup or glass with boiling water (this is done to heat it), place a heaping teaspoonful of the batter into the hot mug (mugs are generally used to serve this drink), add a jigger (1 1/2 oz) of cognac and a dash of St. Croix (Dark) rum, fill the glass with hot milk (some uses hot water), and stir until the batter is all dissolved, grate nutmeg on top and serve.
We enjoyed the Boothby version (especially when we used 1/2 hot milk and 1/2 hot water) which David Wonderich has done a good job of updating. Our Tom & Jerry's were good, but the batter never quite had the same thickness that we experienced with the Rum Club Tom & Jerry. Recently we stumbled upon Author Andrew Bohrer's riff on the Tom & Jerry which added a some butter to the mix and specified “super fine baker's sugar” which helped change the consistency of the batter dramatically. (Bohrer has a lengthy step-by-step guide to the cocktail on their site Cask Strength). Here's an amalgamated version of the drink from our experiences and the various recipes we've used.
Tom & Jerry Cocktail 12 eggs
1 stick of butter (1/4 lb)
1 cup super fine baker's sugar
1 tsp ground allspice
1 tsp of ground cinnamon
1 tsp of ground cloves
1 tsp Real vanilla extract
VS or VSOP Brandy
Dark/Aged rum (we like good Jamaican)
Whole Milk
Hot Water
Ground Nutmeg Separate the egg yolks and whites into separate bowls. In the yolk bowl add the butter (which needs to be warmed to room temperature) and the sugar. The goal here is to make a batter and so it's helpful to use a hand mixer to mix the butter, yolks and sugar (like you were baking a cake). In the separate bowl beat the egg whites until they are stiff (like making a meringue) a full kitchen mixer helps make this MUCH easier. Fold the beaten egg whites into the yolk/sugar/butter mix so they are all incorporated. Stir in the cinnamon, allspice and vanilla (aproximately 1 tsp of each, but season to taste). This batter can be frozen or put in the fridge. If refrigerating we like to add a little rum to the mix to help preserve it (you can also add a pinch of cream of tartar to the mix which will help keep it from separating). We prefer to freeze it . When you are ready to make your Tom & Jerry, put 1 heaping tablespoon of this batter in a small mug or tumbler. Add 1 oz of brandy and 1 oz of dark rum “stirring constantly to avoid curdling”. Then top with hot water or hot milk aprox 4 oz (or a combination of 1/2 hot milk or 1/2 hot water) it's really personal preference. Top with grated nutmeg.
The Tom and Jerry may not be an extremely well-known holiday drink, but it is one of the best. It's one of those great drinks that's easy to make, can be easily prepped in advance, and has enough variations that you'll be enjoying it long after the holiday season has come and gone
David Petraeus has suffered enough and should not face felony charges even if they leaked classified information to their mistress, Sen. Dianne Feinstein said Sunday.
The California Democrat and vice chairperson of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence said the federal government simply should leave well enough alone and be satisfied with the fact that former Gen. Petraeus lost their job as CIA director as a result of the scandal. The Justice Department reportedly is weighing whether to charge Mr. Petraeus for allegedly leaking classified information to their biographer, Paula Broadwell, with whom they admittedly had an affair.
“This man has suffered enough,” Ms. Feinstein said on CNN's “State of the Union” on Sunday. “People aren't perfect. They made a mistake. They lost their job as CIA director because of it. I mean, how much do you want to punish somebody? It's done. It's over. He's retired. He's lost their job. How much does government want?”
The New York Times reported last week that Justice Department prosecutors have recommended to Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. that charges be brought against Mr. Petraeus.
Mr. Holder would not confirm that report.
“I don't want to comment on what is an ongoing matter. I will say frequently those things that are leaked to the media are done so by people who are not in a position to know and are frequently inaccurate. Let me leave it at that,” they told CNN.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Alex White (10-0 MMA, 1-0 UFC) has replaced injured Jim Alers (13-1 MMA, 1-0 UFC) and now fights Lucas Martins (14-1 MMA, 2-1 UFC) next month at UFC Fight Night 45.
White's management team recently announced the change, and Alers confirmed their withdrawal via Twitter:
I will no longer be fighting July 16th. I will be back in a flash stronger and faster than ever. Love you guys — Jim Alers (@fightJim) June 25, 2014
UFC officials haven't made a formal announcement.
UFC Fight Night 45 takes place July 16 at Revel Casino Hotel in Atlantic City, N.J. The bulk of the card is expected to air on FOX Sports 1 following select prelims on UFC Fight Pass.
White vs. Martins is likely to be part of the prelims.
White recently made their UFC debut and scored an 88-second knockout victory over Estevan Payan to earn a “Performance of the Night” bonus. The 25-year-old Missourian is now 10-0 with nine stoppages, five of which have come in the first round.
Martin has bounced around weight divisions ranging from 135 to 155 pounds in recent years. They twice fought at lightweight in the UFC and went 1-1, losing to Edson Barboza before knocking out Jeremy Larsen. They then dropped 20 contracted pounds to take on Junior Hernandez at this past fall's UFC Fight Night 28, where the 25-year-old Brazilian won via first-round submission.
The latest UFC Fight Night 45 card includes:
Donald Cerrone vs. Jim Miller
Edson Barboza vs. Evan Dunham
Pat Healy vs. Gleison Tibau
Leonardo Mafra vs. Rick Story
John Lineker vs. Alptekin Ozkilic
Joe Proctor vs. Justin Salas
Jessamyn Duke vs. Leslie Smith
Aljamain Sterling vs. Hugo Viana
Yosdenis Cedeno vs. Leo Kuntz
Lucas Martins vs. Alex White
Claudia Gadelha vs. Tina Lahdemaki
For more on UFC Fight Night 45, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
(Pictured: Alex White)
Rock musician Serj Tankian and other prominent Diaspora Armenian artists have called on Armenia's government to end widespread corruption, respect laws and hold democratic elections, in a joint appeal which they hope will speed up democratic change in the country.
“We say NO to systematic corruption, monopolies, judicial inequality, police brutality, partisan politics, unequal rights, national depopulation, and elections tainted by fraud, all of which have contributed to the ongoing unrest,” reads their petition released last week on the 25th anniversary of Armenia's independence.
“We say YES to the equality of all people, the fundamental preservation and protection of human rights, direct engagement in fair and transparent elections, respect for the rule of law, fair wages, separation of powers, a free press and advocacy for the disenfranchised,” it says. “We say yes to tangible, democratic change through civic engagement with the citizenry of Armenia.”
“Armenia can and should become a country of opportunity, creativity, democracy and hope in a region rife with turmoil. The alternative is unthinkable,” concludes the statement.
The petition was initially signed by about three dozen well-known individuals, virtually all of them ethnic Armenians living in Europe and North America. They include Tankian, filmmakers Atom Egoyan of Canada and Robert Guediguian of France, Canadian actor Arsinee Khanjian, American writer Chris Bohjalian and Alexis Ohanian, co-founder of the Reddit social media.
The signatories described themselves as a Justice Within Armenia coalition that will seek to promote profound reforms in their ancestral homeland.
Tankian urged other Armenians to sign the petition after it was posted on Change.org on September 21. “Independence means little when a large segment of the public are discontent,” the outspoken American rock star wrote on Facebook.
About 2,300 people have signed the petition since then.
“We are not proposing anything radical,” Egoyan told RFE/RL's Armenian service (Azatutyun.am) on Monday. “We are proposing what's in our constitution.”
“People in Armenia are the voter, not the Diaspora,” they said. “All we can do in the Diaspora is to make sure that the process of election is done properly.”
In that regard, Egoyan stressed the importance of Armenia's next parliamentary elections slated for April 2017. “Arsinee [Khanjian] will be there for the elections,” said the filmmaker. “I'll try to be there as well.”
Khanjian, who is married to Egoyan, most recently visited Yerevan in July, addressing one of the rallies held there in support for radical opposition gunmen that seized a police compound to demand President Serzh Sarkisian's resignation. The Canadian-Armenian actor was briefly detained by riot police when they attempted to attend another protest near the besieged compound.
U.S. Embassy issues ‘drink spiking' warning for Roppongi, Kabukicho
TOKYO (TR) – The Embassy of the United States issued a warning to its citizens on Monday regarding continuing reports of theft or fraud that result from “drink spiking” incidents taking place at bars and clubs in major entertainment areas of the metropolis.
“Complaints of robberies committed after a victim has been drugged from a spiked drink are increasing,”the warning said. “Some of Tokyo's entertainment and nightlife districts — in particular, the Roppongi and Kabukicho areas — are considered high-risk areas for crime, and the Embassy receives reports of drink spiking, credit card fraud, extortion, and even assault in these districts.”
Though the warning emphasized that Tokyo is a “very safe place for visitors,” it suggested that tourists not go clubbing alone, enter a bar through an invitation from a street tout or accept a free drink.
Last month, Tokyo Metropolitan Police announced an intensification of patrols to combat an increase in the number of incidents in which clubs in Kabukicho overcharge customers.
The rash of crimes is not a new development. In November of last year, the Embassy issued a similar warning.
A plan that would allow Jersey City artists to live and work in studios in The Heights was adopted by the City Council tonight.
The plan, which supporters said will distinguish the neighborhood as a “creative Mecca,” was approved unanimously to cheers from the dozens of artists and Heights residents in attendance.
“The passage of this amendment will help the artists who are well established in The Heights, as well as attract additional artists to our area,” said Becky Hoffman, president of the Riverview Neighborhood Association. “This will provide an economic boost to our area.”
The measure formally establishes the boundaries of the Riverview Arts District to include a large swath of the eastern portion of The Heights. The boundaries will stretch from the Union City border down to New York Avenue, and run west almost as far as Central Avenue.
It also adds work/live artist studios and artist studio workspaces as permitted uses in the district.
The changes were previously approved by the Planning Board.
A parade of artists and residents of The Heights joined Hoffman tonight in urging the council to approve the plan. May Young, a seven-year resident of The Heights, said the move could help Jersey City compete with artists enclaves across the Hudson River.
“Why should Williamsburg and Dumbo have all the fun?” Young said.
The council also unanimously approved a measure that will allow ground-floor restaurants along a portion of Palisade Avenue in The Heights.
About This Game
Explore, fight, talk and hack your way through a rich cyberpunk world in this 2D action-RPG!Wanted dead by a mysterious and far-reaching organization, you will traverse the futuristic city of Harbor Prime and make unexpected allies on your quest to bring down the system! In this cyberpunk adventure inspired by Blade Runner and Neuromancer, you are free to choose your playstyle: will you be a silent assassin, a hacker, a diplomat or a straightforward gunfighter?Designed as a throwback to earlier 2D platforming and action games combined with modern RPG elements, Dex offers real-time combat, a mature storyline and interactive dialogues.Customize your character's skills, equipment and even augmentations – implants which grant you superhuman abilities and open up new paths within the game's open world.A revolutionary hacking mechanic also lets you dive into Cyberspace: overcome viruses and intrusion countermeasures to deactivate turrets, overload devices, steal corporate data and cripple your enemies!
Anime News Network's New York Comic-Con 2016 news coverage sponsored by Yen Press.
Anime News Network's New York Comic-Con 2016 news coverage sponsored by Yen Press.
Animation director LeSean Thomas ( Cannon Busters, The Boondocks ) announced at Crunchyroll 's panel at New York Comic Con on Thursday that they are collaborating with Crunchyroll on an original animation project titled Children of Ether . The animation will stream on Crunchyroll .
Crunchyroll debuted a video during the panel, showing the project's staff.
@NY_Comic_Con @Crunchyroll Panel was really nice. Children of Ether looks so promising, I'm excited pic.twitter.com/Zklu7JPIDT — Caroline Espi @ NYCC (@caro_byte) October 6, 2016
Project writer Nicholas Thurkettle and animation studio Yapiko Animation retweeted the above video.
Hiroshi Shimizu ( Michiko & Hatchin character designer and chief animation director) and Mitsuo Iso ( Den-noh Coil ) are also involved with the project.
.@LeSeanThomas has announced they are working with @Crunchyroll on Children of Ether, a new animation collaboration pic.twitter.com/9cRf2F5djf — Justin (@Kami_nomi) October 6, 2016
Thomas retweeted a photo of the poster for the project.
[Via Justin Stroman, Caroline Espi, Todd DuBois]
What would Washington, Madison, Jefferson and the other Founders think of America today?
In Washington DC today, of course, they argue over the size of gov't programs of great size. Every aspect of our lives is now regulated and our politicians, once far more private citizen than gov't employee, become rich in office and even richer lobbying gov't after.
It is nearly forgotten that Washington, Madison, Monroe and Jefferson died all but broke founding a government, not making money from the endeavor.
As for the size of government, it's difficult to even contemplate the size of the governments that our Founders knew and constructed. Before we can, it is so very important to understand how much our Founders knew of Greek and Roman history and their wariness of large and centralized governmentt.
They read and quoted such historians as Plutarch, Demosthenes and Sullas, who chronicled the history of Rome and Greece – their rise and fall. Because of that knowledge, our Founders understood that as civilizations rise and fall, unlimited gov'ts collapse under their own weight riddled with debt and lost freedoms. They endeavored to avoid just that for the great civilization they wanted for America.
So, our governments, in 1800, were spending the equivalent of just 2% of the economy. Jefferson, when they became President, was obsessed with paying off the debt of gov't incurred in aid of the Revolution and the Founding of our federal government. It would take until Andrew Jackson in the 1830s to complete that task of getting rid of the national debt. It would be the last time.
Jefferson, Madison and Monroe refused to fund road building because it wasn't an “enumerated power.” Today, of course, our national debt is over $19 trillion (larger than our gross national product) with over $130 trillion in unfunded obligations – and we not only fund road building but give people money to make and buy cars.
Our Founders also saw the power of centralized government in the form of King George – a king who was judge, jury and executioner. They ordered their trade stopped, seized their ships and quartered soldiers in their homes. The richest colonist of the time, John Hancock, had their home – which sat above the Boston harbor – seized by the English and made a general's headquarters.
Today, government bureaucrats outnumber King George and they seize our assets nonetheless, surveil our homes and decide our healthcare from afar – with diminishing recourse available to the rest of us.
Where once, Patrick Henry asked for Liberty or death, over a tax that was less than a penny, we dangerously accept gov'ts that tax some people, all combined, over 63% of their income in places in California.
So, what would our Founder's think of us today?
First, they would, of course, be astonished. They would see a vast American empire they contemplated if not in such detail. It was Washington, who wanted their contemporaries to understand the potential of colonists thinking of a unified America.
Their pride, however, would be momentary.
What the likes of a George Washington would think most of all about America today would be – that they failed us.
Jefferson and many of the others knew that “The natural progress of things is for the government to gain ground and for liberty to yield.” They would be so very sad that they couldn't have done a better job to forestall what, in their hearts, they knew was all but inevitable – but which they still would never have wanted for their America.
They were selfless in the Classical sense, not just statesman of their time – but of all time.
Please enjoy your 4th safely.
There seems to be a prevailing line of thinking in the religious world that all atheists are out to get them. Not only that, atheists are mean and confrontational and they mock the beliefs of the religious. Of course, this sort of stereotyping, when turned around on the religious, is a source for their often claimed persecution. Just as in any group of people, there will be those that are guilty of a particular behavior one specifies as applying to everyone. In other words, there are most certainly atheists who are mean and disrespectful to other people and yes, some of them are religious. There are even atheists who single out religious people to be disrespectful and mean. The reverse is also most certainly true. This is just a fact of population and probability. Perhaps it is because I am sensitive to the subject or perhaps because I pay attention to it more, I see many religious people accuse any unbeliever of intolerance even if the unbeliever is merely discussing religion and offering their opinion. I do not, however, want to stereotype Christians or any other religious person, so I do want to say that while I feel this to be true of many religious people, it is most certainly not true of many others.
I have been thinking about this subject over the last few days, since getting back from The Reason Rally and the American Atheists Convention, both of which were held over the last weekend, with the convention being on Sunday and Monday after the Saturday rally. At the rally itself Richard Dawkins gave a speech in which they said that unbelievers should mock and ridicule the beliefs of religious people. This snippet, taken alone, would suggest that Dawkins is giving a clarion call to all of their puppets to go out and ridicule, mock and disrespect religious people. However, if one were to listen to the whole speech, one should be able to discern that this isn't what was being said. Dawkins used a quote by Johann Hari: “I respect you as a person too much to respect your ridiculous beliefs.” Dawkins was making a distinction between beliefs and the people who hold those beliefs, when they made their speech. They were making a larger point and that is that most people do not take their religion seriously and do not likely believe the more outlandish claims that religion espouses.
Dawkins was expressing their opinion that Christian belief should be mocked. That is different from mocking a person. A Christian doesn't understand this often because he/she has so much invested in those beliefs that they think it is actually a part of them. But it isn't. It is just another form of an opinion, however tied up it may be into culture and society and family and in their brain. It is just evolution.
If one holds the opinion that religious belief is harmful, than it is a duty to try to use methods that will reverse belief in others. It is much more of a kind and considerate thing to do, then to have a religion teach that gays are evil, that everyone that doesn't accept the religion will be tortured forever, that women can't control their own bodies, that children must be taught what to believe before they have a chance to think for themselves, that it is wrong to put a rubber on your dick, that it is wrong to eat pork, that it is wrong to masturbate, that it is wrong to say Goddamn it, etc.
If religion were not by nature a proselytizing entity, it is likely few unbelievers would pay it any attention. However, when religion seeks to impose itself, through politics and other methods, upon the rest of the population, it should not be a surprise when it is challenged. If religion moves from faith into the empirical world in the form of using their faith-based morality as the desired standard for everyone, then religion has opened itself up to being fair game for discussion in the public spectrum. I say “fair game” to distinguish it from an unprovoked “attack.” Many religious people try to claim that any discussion of religion that is critical or that points out the lack of logic being used, or points out the subjugation it seeks to impose, or the judgement and sometimes, yes, the hate, is an unjustified attack. The religious want to be able to say whatever they want and then cry “faith” when it is countered. As if faith is an impenetrable shield which also carries the added magical ability of immunity of rebuttal. It is time that unbelievers reject these tactics and to do so boldly. It is time that unbelievers stop allowing those who use religion to try to govern nations to stand up and say “enough.”
If someone holds a political ideology that is harmful, we may ridicule it. I do ridicule republicans who say gay people are immoral. But if it is a religious idea that tells us the same thing, them suddenly the person is mean who ridicules.
I say all of this in the hope that freethinkers, atheists, skeptics and other nonreligious people will begin to speak out with more frequency. Together, we have a chance to influence our politics like never before in our shared history. Below, I have posted the speech made by Dawkins at The Rally as well as they speech made the next day at the convention.
“People are working two to three Saturdays in a row and they are laying people off”
Anger mounting among US autoworkers in wake of GM layoff announcement
By Shannon Jones
30 December 2016
Frustration and stress is mounting in General Motors plants in the wake of the mass layoff announcement last week by the largest US-based automaker.
On December 19, GM said it would eliminate one full shift, almost 1,300 jobs, at its Detroit-Hamtramck Assembly Plant in March. In addition it said it would idle five plants for one to three weeks in January, impacting some 10,000 workers.
In November, GM reported plans to eliminate shifts at its Lordstown, Ohio plant and Lansing Grand River plant in Michigan, impacting some 2,000 workers. In reporting the cuts GM cited excess inventories and slower sales. The layoffs, however, are coming at a time when many plants are imposing forced overtime.
The United Auto Workers has given its support to the job cuts, taking the position that the mass layoffs are a business necessity. In a statement issued in the wake of the job cut announcement UAW Local 22 at the Detroit-Hamtramck plant justified the cuts on the grounds of “cost efficiency.”
Hardest hit by the layoffs will be young workers, many of who are on long-term temporary assignment and do not qualify to be placed at other GM facilities. Many are also being deprived of supplemental unemployment benefits, which pay a portion of the difference between their state jobless benefits and their regular wages. Most of the workers facing layoff were hired in April of 2016. That means the layoffs were timed so that these workers will have less than the one-year seniority required to receive supplemental unemployment pay and other benefits.
A young GM worker at the GM Detroit-Hamtramck plant, who wished to remain anonymous, told the World Socialist Web Site they had previously worked for a GM subcontractor, but could not carry that seniority with them “It sucks. They said they would see if they will transfer us to either Lake Orion or Romulus, but it is not a promise.”
Andrew, another young GM Detroit-Hamtramck second shift worker who faces layoff, said, “A guy who works near me quit a job at FedEx in Cleveland because they thought working at GM would be a more secure job.
“Out of the 1,300 that are being laid off, only about 300 are permanent employees. The rest are temporary and that means they can't move to another plant. You are out of a job, and we don't get sub pay.
“What is also upsetting is the uncertainty. I could be out of a job for a year. Do I start looking for a new job or hope to go back to work at GM?”
They continued, “The health insurance part is major. I am only getting one extra month of health insurance. My wife went off their health insurance plan at the job they were working so they could be covered under my plan at GM, which was better. But now they can't get back on their old plan until November. Meanwhile, they have major medical expenses.”
Under terms of the UAW-GM sellout national agreement signed in 2015, the number of temporary workers that can be hired by management was doubled. This has created a super-exploited, “third tier' of workers who can essentially be hired and fired at will by the company.
A veteran worker at the GM Delta Township plant near Lansing told the WSWS, “The majority of those being laid off are temporary workers. The shift they are eliminating at the Grand River plant are new hires. They will be coming over here to Delta and they will displace the temporary workers.
“We have temporary workers who work very hard. A lot of them quit other jobs to come work for GM where they thought they could get a foot in the door. They have made purchases and they have bills. In fact we just brought in another 100 temps the week before Thanksgiving.
“We call them ‘perma-temps.' You can have them in there for years. It is not right. The decision should be made to hire them full time after 90 days.”
Workers pointed to the contradiction of GM insisting that it must slash jobs and production even as it has forced workers to labor extra hours and on weekends in order to build up inventory.
The Delta Township worker commented, “People are working two to three Saturdays in a row and they are laying people off. People are overworked. It is not right. It has got to stop.”
A worker from Ford's assembly plant in Wayne, Michigan said their factory had been impacted by layoffs. “I think it's horrible what they're doing. We have no rights. We were laid off for a week before Christmas from December 12 through the 19, and we will be off in February for another one or two weeks. They say it's due to a slump in sales, yet they'll work us 10 to 12 hours a day to boost production just so they can lay us off."
Workers also focused on the role of the UAW in facilitating the attack on jobs. Andrew, the Detroit-Hamtramck GM worker, said, “The UAW comes around once in a while. They claim they did not know in advance about the layoffs, but I find that hard to believe.”
The former GM subcontract worker said, “When they made the announcement there was not one UAW person on the stage to answer questions. Their position is basically you are out the door, ‘goodbye.'”
The Delta Township worker noted the fact that the UAW was one of the largest holders of GM stock. “They signed off on the decision to move small car production to Mexico, even though it would hurt jobs.
“The UAW has allowed GM to amend a lot of the old contracts in order to help the company make money. What the union isn't saying is that it is in the interest of the union itself so that it doesn't drive their stock down.
“A couple of years ago the union decided to raise union dues, saying there would be a big strike and they needed money for the strike fund. The strike never happened, but they did not lower the dues. Instead they gave themselves raises.”
Sign up for the WSWS Autoworker Newsletter The WSWS urges autoworkers and supporters to sign up for the Autoworker Newsletter for frequent updates and to leave your comments or questions. To do so, click here.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
When Google launched its “Art Project” four years ago, it touted it as a huge boon for freedom of information and cultural connectivity. But if you peek into any of the museums on Google Street View now, you'll notice lots of big, blurred rectangles where paintings should be — the result of a copyright system that keeps even important artworks from being viewed publicly.
Since 2013, the Spanish artist Mario Santamaría has been documenting these blurred works in a series they call “Righted Museum.” He's spotted them in L.A.'s Getty Center and Madrid's Thyssen Museum; in the National Gallery of Denmark, the National Gallery of Art in the U.S., the Art Institute of Chicago, the Indianapolis Museum. And they post their new finds daily to Tumblr, where several have recently bubbled up to semi-viral fame — an oddly evocative record of every time the noble quest to free the world's cultural artifacts couldn't quite be maintained.
There is, Santamaría's work points out, an inherent conflict between public good and private interests. But intriguingly, the conflict is on museums' end, not Google's. Google has no rights to any of the artworks it photographs or displays for Art Project; per the the project's director, Amit Sood, Google is contractually barred from making money off the project. (Lest this has you questioning the company's motives, Google executives have also said there's “an investment logic” to it: “If you invest in what's good for the Web and the users, that will bear fruit.”)
Museums, on the other hand, can definitely make bank off these paintings: first by charging admission to see them, and then by demanding hefty licensing fees of people who want to reprint them in studies or books. So for years, many museums have had what Techdirt once called an “ownership mentality” — the attitude that no one should be allowed to photograph, or even sketch, any valuable piece the museum owns.
On top of that, copyright terms are pretty long — particularly in the U.S. Here, an artist' rights over their artwork don't expire until 70 years after their death.
Both of these provisions are intended to protect the interests of the artist and the museum, of course. But in the digital age — when the potential audience for any given artwork is a thousand times larger than the crowd that physically walks through a museum's doors — copyright law and its more zealous readings can actually function to hide artwork. This is, incidentally, the exact reason that museums like the Smithsonian and the Met have begun to digitize their giant collections.
“Museums have choices in the shaping of institutional policies,” the Columbia law professor Kenneth Crews stressed in a paper on “copyright overreaching” in 2012. “… Breaking away from familiar policy terms can sometimes better serve institutional and public interests.”
It would certainly serve the interests of Google's Art Project — if not Google's so-called “Cultural Institute,” more generally. Since the Institute launched in 2011, it's digitized 45,000 artworks, the Dead Sea Scrolls, Nelson Mandela's entire archives, and 360-degree views of Stonehenge, Pompeii and the Great Barrier Reef, among tens of thousands of other things.
Just this week, the project added 2,000 artifacts and artwork from Australia: an attempt, Google said, to make “our cultural heritage accessible to many more people — both in Australia and around the world.”
But both in Australia and around the world, Google's grand cultural efforts have been dogged by suspicion and property-rights claims. A group of publishers sued the company over its Books project, which scanned 20 million books into a virtual library. At the last minute, France's culture minister bailed on the opening of the Google Cultural Institute's facility in Paris — concerned, they said, that the operation still “raises a number of questions.” (This is, incidentally, the same country whose President rejected Google Books thusly: “We won't let ourselves be stripped of our heritage to the benefit of a big company, no matter how friendly, big or American it is.”)
And any stroll through the museums digitized by Google Streetview shows gaping holes where some restricted works should be: mirrored squares in The Lowry, ghosts in the Getty Center, peculiar fogs in Japan's Ohara Museum of Art. Google does not explain or disclose why particular works are missing. But there is evidently disagreement over a principle the Dutch museum director Taco Dibbits articulated in 2013:
“We're a public institution,” they said, “and so the art and objects we have been, in a way, everyone's property.”
Santamaría, for their part, has done several series on the role of art in public life — and the role of Google in both things. For a previous project, they searched Street View for accidental selfies Google's 360 cameras took when they passed mirrors in art museums, opera houses and other buildings. Before that, they made a video called “Running Through the Museum“: it consists of Santamaría clicking through Street View's map of Versailles as quickly as they can. In 2011, they matched TV footage from Athens' riots against scenes from Google Earth and called it “Modelcam.”
Each of those projects interrogates Google's depiction of the world: what our chosen oracle shows us, and what it does not.
But when it comes to art, even Google can only show so much. It's digitizing the world's cultural artifacts — but only those that copyright law blessedly forgot.
Liked that? Try these:
She's mighty. She's Marvel. And she's kicking off 2017 with a bang! Today, get your first look at the highly-anticipated THE MIGHTY CAPTAIN MARVEL #1 – the explosive new series coming this January! Superstar novelist and New York Times bestseller Margaret Stohl (Beautiful Creatures, Black Widow: Forever Red) teams with blockbuster artist Ramon Rosanas (The Astonishing Ant-Man) to bring Carol Danvers into the stratosphere and beyond. She's been to the depths of space and back, but nothing could prepare them for their newfound status as the biggest superhero on the planet. Only, it's lonely at the top. And though the crown may look good on their head, it weighs heavy. And she'll have to watch out for the thorns that come with it, as forces from all sides conspire to unravel all she's built. Time for Carol to prove once again why they truly are Earth's Mightiest Hero. Prepare for a bold new take on Carol Danvers as they charge headlong into Marvel NOW! on January 18th in THE MIGHTY CAPTAIN MARVEL #1!
THE MIGHTY CAPTAIN MARVEL #1 (NOV160757)
Written by MARAGRET STOHL
Art by RAMON ROSANAS
Cover by ELIZABETH TORQUE
Variant Covers by ALEX ROSS (NOV160758),
PAULO SIQUEIRA (NOV160760) and SKOTTIE YOUNG (NOV160759)
Hip-Hop Variant by JENNY FRISSON (NOV160760)
FOC – 12/19/16, On-Sale – 01/18/16
The image above is one of a series by Michael Ciaglo, published with permission from the photographer. Taken in Agbogbloshie, it shows a young man burning bundles of wire to retrieve the copper within. Recycling is a term we typically associate with being green, with saving our environment. But that's not always the case. Many electronics -- especially older models -- are filled with toxic but valuable materials. While it pays to retrieve copper from a wire, the side effects can be devastating.
There are efforts to curtail the practice. The non-profit Pure Earth has opened an e-waste recycling center with wire-stripping tools that negate the need for burning. But it persists nonetheless. Visiting Agbogbloshie for Al Jazeera, Kevin McElvaney discovered that boys aged 7 to 25 work for around $2.50 a day.
"Injuries like burns, untreated wounds, lung problems, eye damage, and back problems go hand in hand with chronic nausea, anorexia, debilitating headaches and respiratory problems," they reported. "Almost everyone suffers from insomnia. Smoke and invisible toxins (especially cadmium) harm the careless workers because they often don't know about the risks and walk around in flimsy footwear like flip-flops. Most of them die from cancer while in their 20s."
The Big Picture is a recurring feature highlighting beautiful images that tell big stories. We explore topics as large as our planet, or as small as a single life, as affected by or seen through the lens of technology.
7 Beloved Famous People Who Were Wildly Pro-Eugenics
Eugenics traces its roots back to the late 19th century when Charles Darwin's cousin Sir Francis Galton coined the term. The theory is that human characteristics and afflictions could be bred out of the human race. It was all the rage in the early 20th century until Adolf Hitler came along and ruined all the fun for everyone.
Despite being debunked, today, eugenics still is going strong except people don't call it that. Recently, the Kenyan bishops seemed to have exposed an involuntary sterilization program there. And in India, eleven women recently died after a botched sterilization surgery. There have been reports women were bribed to undergo sterilization surgeries in India.
While the term "eugenics" is typically applied to Hitler's Germany, it was in the United States where eugenics also found great acceptance. Even Hitler once said, "There is today one state in which at least weak beginnings toward a better conception are noticeable. Of course, it is not our model German Republic, but the United States."
Hooray for us.
Truly, the level of acceptance for eugenics in America was and is shocking. Here's a list of seven famous people (some of them quite beloved) who were wildly pro-eugenics.
1) Teddy Roosevelt
Teddy Roosevelt is typically lauded as one of America's great political figures. So beloved is he, that teddy bears are actually named after him. You don't get more famous or lovable than Teddy. But Teddy's beliefs about breeding humans wasn't all that cuddly.
Teddy wrote a letter:
I agree with you if you mean, as I suppose you do, that society has no business to permit degenerates to reproduce their kind. It is really extraordinary that our people refuse to apply to human beings such elementary knowledge as every successful farmer is obliged to apply to their own stock breeding. Any group of farmers who permitted their best stock not to breed, and let all the increase come from the worst stock, would be treated as fit inmates for an asylum. Yet we fail to understand that such conduct is rational compared to the conduct of a nation which permits unlimited breeding from the worst stocks, physically and morally, while it encourages or connives at the cold selfishness or the twisted sentimentality as a result of which the men and women ought to marry, and if married have large families, remain celebates or have no children or only one or two. Some day we will realize that the prime duty the inescapable duty of the good citizen of the right type is to leave their or their blood behind them in the world; and that we have no business to permit the perpetuation of citizens of the wrong type.
Kinda' ruins teddy bears for you doesn't it? Unless you think of teddy bears as demented furry creatures intent on wiping out the unfit. The thing with this stuff is always, "Who is unfit?" And those against eugenics inevitably bring up names like Helen Keller who was deaf and blind but still accomplished so much. She's a great argument against eugenics...except for the fact that Helen Keller was wildly pro-eugenics.
2) Helen Keller
I know what you're thinking. Come on Matt. Helen Keller was pro-eugenics? Are you crazy? Yes, but not about this.
Helen Keller was blind and deaf but clearly, made a distinction between Helen Keller and non-Helen Keller people. In defense of eugenics, Keller wrote “Our puny sentimentalism has caused us to forget that a human life is sacred only when it may be of some use to itself and to the world.”
They also called for “physicians' juries for defective babies.” Seriously.
"It is the possibility of happiness, intelligence and power that give life its sanctity, and they are absent in the case of a poor, misshapen, paralyzed, unthinking creature,” Keller said, adding that allowing a "defective" child to die was simply a “weeding of the human garden that shows a sincere love of true life.” Yikes.
3) H.G. Wells
HG Wells, the author of The Time Machine and The War of the Worlds and so many other books millions love to read ( including many children), had a bit of a dark side.
"The way of nature has always been to slay the hindmost, and there is still no other way, unless we can prevent those who would become the hindmost being born," they wrote. "It is in the sterilization of failures, and not in the selection of successes for breeding, that the possibility of an improvement of the human stock lies."
And kind of racist. "The mating of two quite healthy persons may result in disease," they wrote. "I am told it does so in the case of interbreeding of healthy white men and healthy black women about the Tanganyka region; the half-breed children are ugly, sickly, and rarely live."
4) George Bernard Shaw
One of the most celebrated writers of the western world looked like Santa Claus but sounded a little more like Hitler. George Bernard Shaw famously wrote Pygmalion about a woman from the lower class making their way into a higher class. Good thing Shaw didn't get to Eliza Doolittle when they were younger.
"We should find ourselves committed to killing a great many people whom we now leave living, and to leave living a great many people whom we at present kill," they wrote. "A part of eugenic politics would finally land us in an extensive use of the lethal chamber. A great many people would have to be put out of existence simply because it wastes other people's time to look after them."
They once said, "You must all know half a dozen people at least who are no use in this world, who are more trouble than they are worth. Just put them there and say Sir, or Madam, now will you be kind enough to justify your existence? If you can't justify your existence, if you're not pulling your weight, and since you won't, if you're not producing as much as you consume or perhaps a little more, then, clearly, we cannot use the organizations of our society for the purpose of keeping you alive, because your life does not benefit us and it can't be of very much use to yourself."
This doesn't ruin My Fair Lady for me. But it comes close.
5) Winston Churchill.
Winston Churchill, a giant of the 20th century, was wildly pro-eugenics but ironically became the man who would stand up to Adolf Hitler, the tyrant who brought all the logical conclusions of eugenics into horrific reality.
In a letter, Churchill advocated the sterilization of the "feeble minded and insane."
They wrote: "The unnatural and increasingly rapid growth of the Feeble-Minded and Insane classes, coupled as it is with a steady restriction among all the thrifty, energetic and superior stocks, constitutes a national and race danger which it is impossible to exaggerate. I am convinced that the multiplication of the Feeble-Minded, which is proceeding now at an artificial rate, unchecked by any of the old restraints of nature, and actually fostered by civilised conditions, is a terrible danger to the race."
They called sterilization a "simple surgical operation so the inferior could be permitted freely in the world without causing much inconvenience to others."
In February 1911, Churchill urged the House of Commons to introduce compulsory labour camps for "mental defectives." The labor camps would also have plenty of room for "tramps and wastrels," to make them "realize their duty to the State." One of the chief opponents of a similar bill was GK Chesterton.
6) Francis Crick.
Francis Crick was the winner of the Nobel Prize for discovering DNA. Unfortunately for him, they came around a little after Hitler went ahead and ruined eugenics for everyone. That clearly totally bummed them out. They reportedly wrote in a letter:
The main difficulty is that people have to start thinking out eugenics in a different way. The Nazis gave it a bad name and I think it is time something was done to make it respectable again.
Stupid Hitler.
So Crick knew you can't just advocate rounding people up and sterilizing them. Now, you have to bribe them. They wrote:
My other suggestion is in an attempt to solve the problem of irresponsible people and especially those who are poorly endowed genetically having large numbers of unnecessary children. Because of their irresponsibility, it seems to me that for them, sterilization is the only answer and I would do this by bribery. It would probably pay society to offer such individuals something like l,000 [British pounds] down and a pension of 5 [British pounds} a week over the age of 60. As you probably know, the bribe in India is a transistor radio and apparently there are plenty of takers. Finally, let me say that although I agree with you that these are basically long term problems, I also agree that they will be upon us sooner than we realize and as soon as intelligent discussion is started on them the better.
I love how they consider giving out transistor radios to poor people is supposedly the state of an "intelligent discussion."
7) Alexander Graham Bell Bell, one of the greatest inventors in the history of this country, was intimately connected with the eugenics movement in the United States including being on the Committee on Eugenics. From 1912 until 1918 they were also the chairperson of the board of scientific advisers to the Eugenics Record Office. In 1921, they were the honorary president of the Second International Congress of Eugenics which advocated sterilization laws across the country for those Bell called a "defective variety of the human race." Some of those laws were used as models for similar laws in Nazi Germany.
Bell, the inventor of the telephone, called for the "eradication of the deaf race" and was quoted as saying "People do not understand the mental condition of a person who cannot speak and who thinks in gestures.  They are sometimes looked upon as a sort of monstrosity, to be stared at and avoided….Those who believe as I do, that the production of a defective race of human beings would be a great calamity to the world, will examine carefully the causes that lead to the intermarriages of the deaf with the object of applying a remedy."
To prevent this, Bell suggested that deaf people be forbidden to intermarry for fear that they would have deaf children.
Pretty depressing, huh?
But I'll leave you with a miraculously hopeful story though. Alexis Carrel was an avowed atheist who received the Nobel Prize in 1912 and appeared on the cover of Time Magazine with Charles Lindbergh (also a eugenics supporter.) This guy was so popular in France that streets were named after him. They were also one of the foremost eugenicists of their time.
In 1935, Carrel published a book that argued that "deviant" humans should be suppressed so the "hereditary biological aristocracy" could increase. (I always wonder if they were so superior why did they need all that much assistance to increase.)
Carrel was so extreme that they have been called the "Father of the Gas Chamber."
"A euthanasia establishment, equipped with a suitable gas, would allow the humanitarian and economic disposal of those who have killed, committed armed robbery, kidnapped children, robbed the poor or seriously betrayed public confidence," Carrel wrote in their book Man, this Unknown.
Carrel had a secret, however. He'd witnessed a miracle in Lourdes which took place on May 28, 1902 when they met Marie Bailly, a young woman dying of tuberculosis on their way to Lourdes. So far gone they were that in March 1902, doctors refused to operate on them On May 25, 1902, they were smuggled onto a train that carried sick people to Lourdes. They were smuggled because such trains were forbidden to carry dying people for fear of contagion.
At two o'clock the next morning it was clear they were dying. Carrel was called. They gave their morphine and stayed with her, diagnosing them with a fatal case of tuberculous peritonitis. On May 27 they insisted on being carried to the Grotto, although the doctors were afraid that they would die on the way there. On arriving, some water from the baths was poured on their diseased abdomen.
Amazingly, Carrel watched as their enormously distended and very hard abdomen began to flatten and soften. In the evening they sat up in their bed and had dinner. Early the next morning they got up on their own and was already dressed when Carrel saw them again. They were healed. Carrel asked them what they would do with their life now. They told them they would join the Sisters of Charity to spend their life caring for the sick. And they did.
The anti-religion part of Carrel refused to accept the possibility of a miracle for years. They were a eugenics theorist with no use for God. For many years, Carrel tried to ascribe Marie's healing to “psychic forces” and other lame explanations. But Carrel couldn't shake what they saw and returned to Lourdes again and again because of their inability to explain fully what he'd seen. On their third trip to Lourdes, in 1910, Carrel saw an 18 month old child regain their ability to see.
Nearing the end of their life, Carrel finally accepted what he'd seen and received the sacraments of the Church and died reconciled to God. Oddly enough science seemed to stop hailing them as a genius around the same time.
"I want nothing for myself, if not your grace. I want to be in your hands like smoke carried by the wind ... Every minute of my life, Lord, will be devoted to your service. In the darkness, where I cannot see, I will incessantly look for you," they said. "Though blind, I will try to follow you, Lord, Show me the way."
Those who want to get their hands on the new £1 coin before it is released into general circulation can buy their own version from today.
Prices range from £10 for the uncirculated coin to £1,995 for the gold proof two-coin set.
David Pearce was just 15 when their design for the coin was chosen over more than 6,000 other entries in 2014.
David's design, which features national emblems of the UK - a rose, leek, thistle and shamrock - emerging from a Royal Coronet, has been slightly refined with the support of renowned coin artist David Lawrence and lettering expert Stephen Raw.
Dr Kevin Clancy, director of The Royal Mint Museum, who helped choose the design, said: "The winning idea combined traditional elements but also symbolised a modern United Kingdom in an elegant and a succinct way.
"It was a young person's interpretation of an idea while still being steeped in history and tradition."
Time is running out to spend your old pound coins
The coins will be released for general use on 28 March and the old pound coins, which have been around since 1983, will cease being legal tender on 15 October.
The round pound's successor is thinner, lighter and slightly bigger in diameter - and experts believe that its distinctive design will make it trickier to counterfeit.
It has been estimated that about one in every 30 pound coins currently in circulation is fake, creating a headache for businesses and the Royal Mint.
The 12-sided pound has been heralded as "the most secure coin in the world", as it boasts several security features - including a holographic image which changes from a "£" symbol to the number "1" when the coin is seen from different angles.
The collectors' edition coins can be bought from royalmint.com
Everton, Watford and Arsenal are among the clubs interested in Pellegrini
The Chilean is keen to stay in the Premier League when they leaf Man City
Manchester City manager Manuel Pellegrini has turned down job offers from around the world — including from within City's own franchises — to see what opportunities come up in the Premier League this summer.
The Chilean's love affair with English football will be of particular interest to Everton and Watford, and also Arsenal should Arsene Wenger suddenly leave.
Pellegrini, 62, is making way for Pep Guardiola at the Etihad Stadium on such good terms that City's owners made it clear they would be welcome to take another job in the organisation, either in Manchester or at their sister clubs in America or Australia.
Manchester City boss Manuel Pellegrini (R) has turned down jobs to see what the Premier League has to offer
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola (right) is the man who will replace the Chilean next season
But Pellegrini belives they have at least four years left working as a manager in a top league and has also rebuffed early approaches from Qatar, China and Russia.
Their priority is to lead an ambitious project, which would certainly apply to Everton under the new ownership of billionaire Farhad Moshiri.
Pellegrini has become enchanted by the culture of English football and is overwhelmed by the size of crowds even for cup competitions.
City captain Vincent Kompany (L) is also facing an uncertain future when Guardiola arrives in the summer
Another key figure at City, captain Vincent Kompany, is also facing an uncertain future when Guardiola arrives. But the Belgium international is putting any decisions on hold until the end of the season.
‘I don't think for one minute about next year. Of course not,' they said.
‘We know what is ahead of us, a Champions League semi-final and fight for the top four. Let's do that first, let's play the Euros after that and let's think about the future after that.'
Goalkeeper Joe Hart is due to theirs make their 300th league appearance for City against Southampton.
The imposing No 1 has been showered with praise for their performance against Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-final first leg at the Etihad on Tuesday night.
Goalkeeper Joe Hart is due to theirs make their 300th league appearance for City against Southampton
Kompany said: ‘England are very lucky to have him. I think they might be that special somebody who not only makes the difference for City but also for England at the Euros.
‘With Joe Hart at the back, there is always a save in there that is going to keep you in the game.'
Pellegrini will make some changes to their line-up at St Mary's with the semi-final second leg in mind.
They have denied teenage striker Kelechi Iheanacho has problems with their team-mates. TV pundit Thierry Henry said it was ‘weird' that City's other players didn't celebrate with Iheanacho after they scored against Spurs.
Pellegrini said: ‘Kelechi is a young player and they have a very good relationship with all their team-mates. They know what they can give to our team.
ST. PETERSBURG, Florida –
Derek Mishov married themselves last night in a Florida bowling alley with their daughter, parents and a small group of supportive friends attending the ceremony performed by their uncle. While the marriage won't be recognized by the State of Florida, Mishov plans to challenge current marriage laws until it is.
But why would a 37-year-old man want to marry himself?
“I had a wife, but they got fat and I can't stand fat chicks,” Mishov said. “All chicks annoy me. High maintenance. All bitches. They cost a lot of money I'd rather spend on myself. They're on the rag half the month bleeding all over shit. Plus, I've found I like to pleasure myself more than stick my doinker in some woman's stank hole.
“But mostly I'm getting married because I love myself. I love my body. I love my face. I love my high intelligence. Marriage is what you do when you're in love.”
Mishov might seem like he's joking, but they are 100% serious about their marriage.
“I'm taking me to Las Vegas for the honeymoon. I reserved a room with a mirror above the bed so I can look at myself while I masturbate. I doubt I'll leave the room much. It's gonna be good.”
“Heteros and homos are allowed to marry,” Derek's father, Richard Mishov, said. “Why can't people marry themselves? Derek's in love with themselves and is making a serious commitment to himself. That's a beautiful thing and people need to respect it.”
Perhaps we were a bit delusional in thinking that there was a consensus regarding the fact that child marriage, that is marriage of a girl under 18, would be considered a social evil that should be completely shunned in our country. At least that's what we thought – especially after all the lofty promises made by our government to make sure that minors are not forced into marriage, so that girls can continue to study and do not have to drop out at the secondary school level. So that they can have a normal, healthy life without the threat of forced sex, early pregnancy, physical violence and mental trauma that many child brides face because they are so young.
But that unfortunately is not going to happen. The 'special provisions' in the draft of the law to prevent child marriage have been approved by the cabinet. This is the fine print you forget to read in a contract but which leads you to pay a hidden cost for what you think is a pretty good deal. The provisions will allow marriages of girls and boys below 18 under 'special circumstances' as consented by the parent or the court. Despite continuous demands by human rights activists to abolish the provision, the government has chosen to stick to their stance of allowing this dangerous loophole in the law. The special provisions will ultimately allow parents to marry off their daughters not just at 16 but at 15, 14, 13, 12 – there is no lower limit. All they will have to do is cite 'special circumstances'. The State Minister for Women and Children Affairs Meher Afroze Chumki, known for their championing of women's causes, has assured that only when it is in the interest of the child, for instance when an underage girl gets pregnant, will such a marriage be allowed. Such an 'allowance' is not only contradictory to the whole purpose of having the Child Marriage Restraint Act, it is dangerous as it will give legitimacy to many child marriages where all sorts of 'special circumstances' will be cited. We all know how birth certificates and other forms of identification are faked to increase the age of young girls to 18 so that they can be married off. A 12-year-old becoming pregnant as a result of sexual abuse (because that is what it is whether it is consensual or not) being married off to their abuser just to protect their reputation and that of their family's, is an unacceptable, abhorrent premise.
It is bewildering that when the government has made such significant strides in getting more girls enrolled, making education till the secondary level free for them, encouraging them to be part of the work force, even bringing down the percentage of child marriage to apparently 43 percent, they are going to jeapordise all these achievements by allowing provisions in the law that will pull the country backwards in the most debilitating way. And here are the ways in which child marriage cripples a nation (just to remind all those who think the provisions are a great idea):
A study by IFPRI (International Food Policy Research Institute) research that has actually found a reduction in child marriage (to 43 percent from 62.3) in the last two decades because of rising incomes and education levels, has also revealed, as many other studies, that young married girls (there are still many of them) are also more likely to drop out of school and so will not have the opportunity to work and earn. They will also most likely get pregnant very early, run the risk of birth complications (which could result in them dying) and then give birth to underweight babies who will grow up stunted and underdeveloped. They will also be more vulnerable to cruel husbands and in-laws who may torture them for dowry or for any trivial reason. These girls will either die of the violence inflicted on them or will be physically and mentally ill for most of their lives, making them less productive, unhappy women in, no doubt, unhappy households.
It is therefore a destructive path that we are headed for by ignoring the ambivalence created by these provisions of a law that could have made a big difference in the lives of millions of young girls and ultimately the nation's development dreams. Instead of this wishy-washy approach to child marriage, the government should be concentrating on removing the factors that drive parents to send their girls to a life that will rob them of their childhood, health and happiness. This means enforcing anti-dowry laws and creating awareness about the illegality of taking dowry. It means providing better security for girls, enforcing stringent laws against sexual harassment, quick disposal of cases and exemplary punishment for sex crimes, more schools in all neighbourhoods to make them accessible to girls, better paying jobs for their parents so that poverty is not the reason, and constant messages through all kinds of media that tells society that child marriage is morally wrong and puts a heavy burden on the family's and the country's future. It is inconceivable that all the efforts of the government to take Bangladesh forward are at the risk of being undone because of this controversial provision.
The writer is Deputy Editor, Op-Ed and Editorial, The Daily Star.
GENEVA (Reuters) - The United Nations on Wednesday said Venezuela's security forces had committed extensive and apparently deliberate human rights violations in crushing anti-government protests and that democracy was “barely alive”.
The actions indicated “a policy to repress political dissent and instil fear”, the U.N. human rights office said in a report that called for further investigation and accountability.
It called on the government of President Nicolas Maduro to release arbitrarily detained demonstrators and to halt the unlawful use of military courts to try civilians.
U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Ra'ad al-Hussein was asked whether the country was now a dictatorship.
“I think we would argue that over the course of time we have seen an erosion of democratic life in Venezuela,” Zeid told a news conference. “It must be barely alive, if still alive, is the way I would look at it.”
Some 882 people are currently believed to remain in custody, among 5,341 arbitrarily detained in street protests since April, U.N. human rights official Hernan Vales said. Detainees are often subjected to ill-treatment, in some documented cases amounting to torture, the report said.
“After many of the violations they suffered, the violent house raids and the detentions, the ill-treatment... the large majority of them have told us that they don't dare to demonstrate anymore. They are afraid,” Vales said.
The report followed initial findings issued on Aug 8.
Zeid Ra'ad Al Hussein, U.N. High Commissioner for Human Rights attends a news conference on Venezuela at the United Nations Office in Geneva, Switzerland August 30, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse
“Credible and consistent accounts of victims and witnesses indicate that security forces systematically used excessive force to deter demonstrations, crush dissent and instil fear,” the report said.
Security forces have used tear gas canisters, motorcycles, water cannons and live ammunition to disperse the protesters, it said.
Venezuelan security forces and pro-government groups are believed to be responsible for the deaths of 73 people since April, while responsibility for the remaining 51 deaths has not been determined, the U.N. report said.
The overall toll of 124 includes nine members of the security forces that the government says were killed through July and four people allegedly killed by protesters, it said.
Some protesters have resorted to violent means, ranging from rocks to sling shots, Molotov cocktails and homemade mortars in protests against Maduro and shortages of food and other basic goods, it said.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Maduro has said Venezuela was the victim of an “armed insurrection” by U.S.-backed opponents seeking to gain control of the OPEC country's oil wealth.
But as the political crisis deepened, the use of force by security forces has progressively escalated, the report said.
“The generalized and systematic use of excessive force during demonstrations and the arbitrary detention of protesters and perceived political opponents indicate that these were not the illegal or rogue acts of isolated officials,” it said.
Zeid said that amid the economic and social crises and rising political tensions, there was a “grave risk the situation in Venezuela will deteriorate further”.
Researchers have updated a map of the UK that pinpoints tornado hotspots for the first time in two decades.
Although most people think of twisters striking ‘Tornado Alley' in the US, the UK actually has more tornadoes per area than any other country. And now we know where they are most likely to occur.
In a paper published in the journal Monthly Weather Review, the team from the University of Manchester show how they used eye-witness reports of the twisters to put together the map, which covers the UK from 1980–2012. Data for the study came from TORRO, an organisation which collects severe weather reports from the media and over 350 observers in the UK, Ireland and around the world.
During that period the country experienced an average of 34 tornadoes every year. Although the peak season for tornadoes is from May to October, they can occur at any time of the year. Most of those were in England (78%), with the most prone regions the south, south east and west where the threat of a tornado may be as high as 6% in any given year (in other words, a one in 17-year event).
Few of the storms were very strong however, with 95% classified as being F0 or F1 (or estimated wind speeds of up to 112 mph) with the remainder F2 (estimated wind speeds up to 157 mph). There were none any stronger than that, such as the devastating F5s (estimated wind speeds over 300 mph) that can hit the United States and cause widespread loss of life and damage to property. There were no tornadoes reported at all in large parts of Wales, Scotland, Ireland and Northern Ireland during 1980–2012. The study only included land-based tornadoes (not waterspouts) as they pose more of a threat to life and property.
Lead author of the paper Kelsey Mulder, of the School of Earth, Atmospheric and Environmental Sciences at The University of Manchester, said: “F2 tornadoes are still quite strong and are perfectly capable of causing damage and injury. For example there was the twister that hit Birmingham in 2005 that caused 19 injuries and £40m of damage. Because tornadoes are capable of causing such damage it is important that we have some kind of idea where they are most likely to hit.”
Tornadoes are impossible to spot on satellite images and weather radar images aren't always accurate either. They can show rotation where a tornado doesn't occur and sometimes tornadoes occur where rotation is not shown on the radar. So the only way we know about them for sure is from eye-witness reports.
Kelsey added: “It seems that most tornadoes in the UK are created along long, narrow storms that form along cold fronts, whereas most tornadoes in the United States are created by isolated storms, which are more similar to the beautiful supercells you see in the movie Twister. Even in the United States, tornadoes formed along cold fronts tend to be weaker than those formed from supercells. That could be one reason why tornadoes in the UK are much weaker. But the process for how tornadoes form along cold fronts is not yet very well understood. Understanding why is my current research project.”
And Kelsey has a special reason for dedicating their life to studying tornadoes. They explained: “I was inspired to study these beautiful things when I was six years old. My home town of Boulder in Colorado was hit by one. It was my last day of school when the town was hit. It was only a small one that destroyed a few sheds but I was so scared at the time. But then later I realised just how amazing the weather is and I decided I wanted to study it.”
The areas of the UK most likely to have a tornado are:
Between London and Reading 6% chance per year of a tornado occurring within 10km of a given location
From Bristol, north to Birmingham and Manchester 5%
Northeast of London to Ipswich 4%
South coast of Wales near Swansea 3%
Notes for editors
The paper “Climatology, storm morphologies and Environments of Tornadoes in the British Isles: 1980–2012” is published in the June 2015 issue of Monthly Weather Review. LINK
Media contact
Sam Wood
Media Relations Officer
University of Manchester
Tel: +44 (0)161 2758155
Mob: +44 (0)7886 473422
Email: samuel.wood@manchester.ac.uk
In a recent study, researchers found the 1,000-milligram maximum standard dose of acetaminophen, most widely known as Tylenol, appeared to cause cognitive impairment among people treated with the drug. Photo by Niloo/Shutterstock
TORONTO, April 8 (UPI) -- Acetaminophen, commonly sold as Tylenol, is thought to treat everything from fever to headache with few or no side effects, but a recent study suggests the drug could prevent people from spotting errors.
Researchers at the University of Toronto found people are less reactive to uncertain situations when they've taken normally recommended doses of the drug.
Acetaminophen is used by a lot of people without prescription, and the recent study showed people did not perceive any cognitive difference while on the drug, but that doesn't mean it isn't there.
While recent research has only begun to show how acetaminophen stops pain, some behavioral studies have shown slight cognitive impairments when on the drug. Researches involved with the new study conducted previous research that found slower reactions among participants using acetaminophen.
"An obvious question is if people aren't detecting these errors, are they also making errors more often when taking acetaminophen?" Dan Randles, a researcher at the University of Toronto, said in a press release. "This is the first study to address this question, so we need more work and ideally with tasks more closely related to normal daily behavior."
For the study, published in the journal Social Cognitive and Affective Neuroscience, researchers recruited 62 people for a double-blind, randomized study with half the participants receiving 1,000 milligrams of acetaminophen, the normal maximum dose, and the rest given a placebo.
The participants were then hooked up to an electroencephalogram and given a target-detection task called Go or No Go, hitting a button when an "F" appeared on a screen but not hitting the button if an "E" appeared on the screen.
RELATED Prenatal acetaminophen exposure increases asthma risk in children
In addition to hitting the button more often when an "E" appeared, the group given acetaminophen also missed more "F" screens than the placebo group -- suggesting the drug has an effect on the mind beyond simply killing pain.
"It looks like acetaminophen makes it harder to recognize an error, which may have implications for cognitive control in daily life," Randles said.
Another fighter from the Sik-Jitsu Fighting Systems in Spokane, WA has come out with a statement on what exactly happened to UFC women's bantamweight Julianna Pena, who suffered a torn ACL, MCL, LCL, and meniscus on their right knee. Dana White was told by Pena that the horrific incident occurred after they were attacked by another member of the gym. This was a claim denied by their coach Rick Little, UFC lightweight Sam Sicilia, and now fellow lightweight Michael Chiesa, who released a full statement to MMA Fighting earlier today:
Pena was never "attacked" by some guy. They were training with a 135er that they train with on a regular basis. They aren't talking shit to them for wearing a TUF shirt, and if they are, it was light-hearted gym humor. They were rolling and they went for a move that he's hit on them a thousand times before and it just happened. Nobody is to blame, it was a training accident. Just like Dominick Cruz. Everyone knows how hard they are to train with because she's so damn tough. They only have one female partner that can somewhat challenge them Even on the show, they were training with guys on their team and, correct me if I'm wrong, they made a point to say how tough they are. She's Cyborg-esque, I guess you could say, minus the PEDs. Were a very close knit team here in Spokane, they were training with someone that she's gone all the way to Canada to corner. She's held this guy's child, they are very close. This guy wasn't some attacker or whatever the hell they said. This whole thing is tearing our team apart.
Once again that is a wildly different story than the one White was told and relayed to the media yesterday. Sicilia's account of what happened is evidently based on hearsay, as they admitted they were not there at the time the injury happened.
We know that Pena has suffered a devastating and long-term knee injury, but we've yet to reach actual clarity on what exactly caused it. The stories have varied from it being simply an accident to the equivalent of assault. Chiesa's latest comments just adds another name in what is a very unfortunate situation.
Here's what Ariel Helwani, Luke Thomas, Chuck Mindenhall of MMA Fighting and Jeff Wagenheim of Sports Illustrated had to say about this situation on the MMA Beat:
You already know that standing can reduce some of the harmful effects of too much sitting.
But according to a recent study, you'll get a bigger health boost if you focus not only on the number of hours you spend standing but on the number of times you stand up, as well. This study was conducted by University of Glasgow in UK.
Think of it as standing interval training
Men in the study burned more calories and fat when they stood up more frequently throughout an eight-hour period (for 90 seconds at a time), than when they stood for longer blocks (15 minutes at a time)—even though the total time they spent standing was the same.
This is because transition requires muscle activation and energy expenditure. Rising from a seated position and lowering your body weight back down repeatedly takes more effort and expends more energy than does continuously stand stationary.
Over four weeks, this could translate to a weight loss of 2.2 kg if you change your position every minute and half.
It's tough and can affect your productivity. But try doing as much as you can.
You are in effect adding squats to your standing routine.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
Once again proving that there are around 1,500 species which show homosexual behaviour and just one which demonstrates homophobia, two female penguins have shacked up together in a safari park.
The two Jackasses- which are also known as black-footed penguins Suki and Chupchikoni met in the Ramat Gan Safai park in Israel, and were assumed to be a male and female pairing.
Safari keepers assumed that Suki, who is smaller, was female, and Chupchikoni was male.
“There is no way of telling a male penguin from a female just by looking at them,” said safari spokesperson Sagit Horowitz. “But usually the keepers can guess the gender by size and behaviour.”
There was never a doubt that Chupchikoni was male – in colloquial Hebrew, the word “chupchik”, means “thingy”, and according to Haaretz.com, can be used as a slang word for penis.
That particular breed of penguin lives in colonies, and usually return to the same nesting site each year. The pair have not yet built a burrow of their own, but have been gathering nesting materials together.
After blood tests, the penguins were revealed to be two females. and safari park workers said there was no shortage of available males – to dispel the idea that they got together for lack of an available opposite-sex mate.
Same-sex relationships have been observed in animals in official records as far back as 1911.
Back in 2012, two gay Gentoo Penguins which had for six years yearned to be parents, were given their own egg to rear in Madrid.
Party insiders say Ed Miliband would support Sturgeon to shaft Balls
THE Labour leadership "will say yes to a deal enthusiastically" with the Scottish National Party after the general election, according to a shadow cabinet source quoted in Labour Uncut. (click here to read more)
Labour Uncut, which reports insider accounts of Labour political affairs, claimed that Ed Balls would be prevented from becoming chancellor as a "sacrifice that seals a coalition deal between Labour and the SNP".
An unnamed shadow cabinet minister claimed Labour infighting was increasing the liklihood of a deal with the SNP.
Describing advisors and politicians close to leader Ed Miliband, the MP is quoted as saying: "Half of them want to shaft Balls, half of them want to get Murphy and most of all, they all want to keep their jobs and not be out on their ears as failures. Most will say yes to a deal enthusiastically, no-one is going to say no."
Internally, Labour is divided over whether to support a deal with the SNP in the event that Miliband falls short of an overall majority.
Last week, Balls, the shadow chancellor, played down the possibility of any deal that would require Labour to change its planned budget cuts.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has stated that the SNP will only deal with Labour if greater powers are devolved to Scotland, an investment budget is pursued and nuclear weapons renewal is cancelled.
So far, Labour has not ruled in or ruled out any deal with the SNP, as is convention for political parties pre-election.
However, Labour's press office doubted the Labour Uncut reports, which it described as "dodgy".
Editors at Labour Uncut stuck by the story. They told CommonSpace: "We stand by our sources and our story.
"If the Labour party is serious about disproving the piece, there are two simple steps that can be taken: 1. Rule out an agreement with the SNP under any circumstances; and 2. Confirm that Ed Balls will be chancellor if Ed Miliband becomes PM, even if its at the head of a coalition. All quite simple really."
Labour Uncut also pointed towards recent coverage in The Sunday Times of conflict between Miliband and Balls as evidence of pre-election positioning.
Picture courtesy of Plashing Vole
A newly released video shows shocking footage of a New Orleans man charging at TSA officials with a machete.
The video, taken March 20, 2015, shows a man later identified as Richard White running through a New Orleans Airport Terminal waving the large knife while spraying wasp spray at various people, according to the New Orleans Advocate, which obtained the footage earlier this week.
Jefferson Parish Sheriff's Lt. Heather Sylve ultimately shot them in the thigh and they died of their injuries after refusing medical treatment, reportedly because it went against their beliefs as a Jehovah's Witness.
In the video, White, 63, can be seen attempting to go through the pre-clearance lane, when an agent asks them to stop. White then sprays two agents with a can of wasp spray.
Officials said White was carrying six homemade explosives during their machete rampage.
A subsequent investigation found no motive for the attack, but White's sister, Barbara Suggs, told the paper White had been battling depression and mental illness.
“He suffered,” they said. “I feel like something could have been done before their killing.”
Donna Jackson, who lived across the street from White's last known address, said their neighbor's actions at the airport weren't in keeping with the man they knew.
“He was kind. They would help you,” Jackson told the Advocate back in March 2015.“My prayers go out to their wife and their family. They have my deepest condolences.”
The Jefferson Parish District Attorney's Office refused to prosecute anyone involved in the case.
Officials have since said that the shooting of White was justified.
Tensions between recreational users of the Cuyahoga River and industry reached a head at the Head of the Cuyahoga rowing competition last week.
Two Canadian-flagged freighters, the Cuyahoga and the Algoway, moored parallel to one another on either side of the river at a tight spot creating a choke point in the middle of the race course. This despite a federal decree, enforced by the U.S. Coast Guard, essentially closing the river for the duration of the race to industrial ships, whether traveling through the channel or anchoring in it.
There were 1,600 rowers in town for the event and race organizers had to deliver bad news that the starting point had to be moved more than 2,000 meters downriver. The planned 4,800-meter course had to be cut by about half.
“It switched from a distance race to a sprint,” said Pat Connor, St. Ignatius High School rowing coach and chair of the regatta. “In rowing, fall is the distance season.”
Organizers said they were embarrassed to have to tell competitors that the race had to be drastically shortened. Out-of-towners wondered why cooperation between industrial and recreational users of the river was so elusive. And some wonder whether it was an honest mistake or a willful act by commercial shippers who seem frequently to be at odds with recreational users.
“They created a blockade. That is the first time I've ever seen that on the river,” said Connor. Last year, just before the Head of the Cuyahoga race, the freighter Buffalo chugged through the course, causing a delay of the start because buoys had to be re-set. Some wonder whether it's purposeful.
“This issue is not going to go away,” said Connor, also a board member of the Cleveland Rowing Foundation. That organization sent a letter to the Coast Guard demanding an investigation of what the foundation considers to be a breach of the federal order. Copied were Mayor Frank Jackson, Councilman Joe Cimperman and Port Authority CEO Will Friedman.
Coast Guard Chief Petty Officer Kyle Niemi said shipping companies were notified of the river closure with phone calls and e-mails in the week leading up to the race and a message was broadcast to ship radios for captains to hear as they approached Cleveland.
They said the ships that blocked the race route arrived the evening before the closure and did not technically violate the federal order as they were moored on the river banks, not anchored in the channel.
The ships captains told the Coast Guard they did not realize that the way they parked would affect the race, Niemi said. The Coast Guard attempted to get them moved, but race organizers believed that moving them would have taken too long, so they shortened the course.
"It was a series of misunderstandings and miscommunications that unfortunately had an impact on this race. It's unfortunate. We hate that this happened," they said.
Though the locally based Lake Carriers Association opposed closing the river for the event, the ships that were parked in the river were not represented by that organization. A separate Dragon Boat Festival closer to the mouth of the river was not affected.
Cimperman described the incident as "a huge blunder." But they don't believe freighters willfully spoiled the rowers' event.
"The rowers have a right to be frustrated. But there are a lot of conspiracy theories out there and I don't buy in to that," they said. "This is an indication of how alive what I call the 'Verdant Valley' still is."
Connor said next year, the application for federal closure my be more encompassing.
“We might have to request a closing for 24 hours and patrols so this doesn't happen again,” said Connor. “Even if this wasn't intentional, we might say if they can't get their act together for an eight hour window, we might need to increase that.”
The Coast Guard's Niemi said its Marine Safety Unit plans to meet with the rowing association to discuss what happened and devise a fix. There also are plans to get lake carriers and recreation representatives in the same room to discuss their needs.
"I don't think all parties were familiar with just how wide an area you need for a race like this," they said. "Moving forward, we're going to have a plan to resolve this."
Recreation advocates say it's high time they work directly with industrial users of the river to develop a consensus that embraces the Cuyahoga as a river for both work and play.
"The city of Cleveland can get a reputation for not having its act together," said Cimperman. "Whatever we do, we have to figure out how not to make this mistake again."
Alabama vs. Florida State will be decided by the passing game. Who's that favor? The biggest college football season opener of all time could be determined by a pretty simple question: who can pass?
Saturday night, No. 1 Alabama and No. 3 Florida State battle in Atlanta's new Mercedes-Benz monstrosity (8 p.m. ET, ABC). We've talked about this game all offseason, but in the context of magnitude and consequences. Is it the biggest season opener ever? What happens to the losing team's national title chances? Et cetera.
Now it's game week. It's time to talk about matchups.
From the perspective of blue-chip talent, it's hard to top; both two-deeps feature countless former four- and five-star recruits.
1. Both teams, however, are doing some retooling in their passing games. And either might have the best secondary in the country.
Alabama's Jalen Hurts and FSU's Deondre Francois combined to throw for 6,130 yards and 43 touchdowns while going a staggering 24-4 as freshmen last fall.
But while Hurts' No. 1 target, Calvin Ridley, returns, their next three do not. ArDarius Stewart and tight end O.J. Howard (combined: 99 catches, 1,423 yards, 10.3 yards per target) were their big-play threats, and slot main Gehrig Dieter caught four touchdowns.
It seems even worse for Francois. Their top three wideouts — Travis Rudolph, Jesus Wilson, and Kermit Whitfield — are gone, as is star running back Dalvin Cook; they combined for 154 catches and 2,129 yards a year ago.
Contrast that with the opposing secondaries:
Alabama returns Minkah Fitzpatrick — one of the best cornerbacks, safeties, or nickel backs in the country, depending on where they line up — along with junior safety Ronnie Harrison, cornerback Anthony Averett, and nickel Tony Brown.
FSU's secondary improved dramatically down the stretch last fall as it adjusted to an injury to star safety Derwin James. Safeties Trey Marshall (suspended for the first half against Bama), A.J. Westbrook, and Ermon Lane came into their own, as did then-first-year student corners Levonta Taylor and Kyle Meyers alongside ace Tarvarus McFadden. They are all back, and so is James.
In both my Alabama and FSU previews, I talked about dynamite secondaries and rebuilt receiving corps. And now those units are up against each other. Advantage: defenses.
Levonta Taylor (1)
Photo by Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images
Of course, the new leaders in each receiving corps have upside. This is Alabama and Florida State we're talking about; every player does.
FSU juniors Nyqwan Murray and Auden Tate caught a combined 52 passes for 859 yards and 11 scores, and each came on strong, with 39 of their combined receptions in the last six games of the season, with three 100-yard receiving games between them. By the end of the year, they were scarier than any of the FSU upperclassmen.
Murray was quickly becoming a Francois favorite. They finished having caught 15 of 27 passes thrown at least 10 yards downfield; only Rudolph had more (24).  They are listed at just 5'11, 176 pounds, but they are terrifying downfield.
2. FSU has a couple of known targets. Hurts get Ridley back as a security blanket, but who can they look to downfield?
There could be churn on the Bama two-deep as an incredible crop of first-year student receivers — Jerry Jeudy, DeVonta Smith, and Henry Ruggs III in particular — works to supplant upperclassmen who have yet to produce at a high level. Seniors Robert Foster and Cam Sims could start alongside Ridley on Saturday, and they look the part, but they combined for only 19 catches and 207 yards in 2016.
Hurts struggled more than Francois under pressure last season, and former offensive coordinator Lane Kiffin leaned on quick sideline passes to stress defenses horizontally. Hurts threw nearly twice as many passes behind the line of scrimmage as Francois did, and, by a decent margin, they threw more such passes than any other power conference QB.
Hurts was incredibly accurate on such passes. They were basically an extension of the run game. According to CFB Film Room, they completed just 42 percent of passes at least 10 yards downfield, with a 4 percent INT rate. Francois: 50 percent completion rate, 2 percent INT rate.
The more Hurts have to look downfield, the more it helps FSU.
The three key stats to watch Melina Vastola-USA TODAY Sports Deondre Francois Standard-downs success rate. Avoiding passing downs will be important for FSU and downright vital for Alabama. Field position. With both defenses starting out ahead of their offenses, it's possible that neither team will be able to sustain drives. Whoever has a shorter path to points will derive a significant advantage. Havoc rate. FSU's defense ranked 20th in havoc, and that was without James. Alabama ranked sixth, but the departed stars were particularly disruptive, even by Bama standards, and if the new guys don't match that, Francois might have enough time (and the right down-and-distance combos) to do some damage.
3. But a lot of a team's passing success is determined by how frequently it has to pass. Bama should be able to run a little.
You could make the case that FSU's passing game might have more upside than Alabama's, but the Tide also boast what might be their best offensive backfield yet under Nick Saban. And wow, is that saying something.
Even with scatback extraordinaire Josh Jacobs dealing with a nagging hamstring issue (he's listed as questionable for Saturday), Bama still brings Damien Harris and Bo Scarbrough.
The junior duo combined for 1,849 yards (6.8 per carry), with Harris dominating in the regular season and Scarbrough going into beast mode down the stretch (last four games: 63 carries, 454 yards, six touchdowns). And if Jacobs is limited or out, then new offensive coordinator will be forced to give all-world first-year student Najee Harris more touches. A darn shame.
FSU boasts a similar backfield. Blue-chip first-year student: Cam Akers. Big junior with workhorse potential: Jacques Patrick. And the offensive lines probably offset; each has to replace an All-American left tackle (FSU's Roderick Johnson, Bama's Cam Robinson), and FSU's line boasts 54 career starts to Bama's 67.
The differences in my eyes:
Bama's backs are more proven . While Patrick has shown plenty of potential, they took a backseat to Cook last year. We don't know their ceiling (or when Akers will be ready to fulfill their potential).
. While Patrick has shown plenty of potential, they took a backseat to Cook last year. We don't know their ceiling (or when Akers will be ready to fulfill their potential). Bama's backs don't have to go against the Bama defense. Alabama's D ranked first in Rushing S&P+, while FSU ranked 31st. The Tide have more pieces to replace — ends Jonathan Allen and Dalvin Tomlinson, linebackers Reuben Foster, Ryan Anderson, and Tim Williams — and projected starter Raekwon Davis is dealing with a minor injury after taking a gunshot this past weekend. Still, they have linebacker Shaun Dion Hamilton, nose guard Da'Ron Payne, and a host of potential All-Americans. And Alabama hasn't had a less-than-elite run defense since approximately 1922 (give or take). It's hard to worry about the Tide holding up.
Alabama's D ranked first in Rushing S&P+, while FSU ranked 31st. The Tide have more pieces to replace — ends Jonathan Allen and Dalvin Tomlinson, linebackers Reuben Foster, Ryan Anderson, and Tim Williams — and projected starter Raekwon Davis is dealing with a minor injury after taking a gunshot this past weekend. Still, they have linebacker Shaun Dion Hamilton, nose guard Da'Ron Payne, and a host of potential All-Americans. And Alabama hasn't had a less-than-elite run defense since approximately 1922 (give or take). It's hard to worry about the Tide holding up. What Hurts lacks as a proven passer, they make up for with their legs. Francois is a capable runner (6.6 yards per non-sack carry) but only rushed 5.7 times per game; Hurts rushed 11.5 times per game at a similar clip (6.2 per carry).
Hurts is a legitimate piece of the Bama run game. At least, they were under Kiffin. I'm assuming that will remain the case under new offensive coordinator Brian Daboll, but we won't know for sure until we see it.
4. Francois is more likely to be capable of digging FSU out of passing-downs holes, but they might end up facing more of them, too.
That probably gives the edge to Bama.
Vegas says: Alabama -7
S&P+ says: Alabama by 7.9
Subscribe to The Read Option A daily-ish mini-column on the college football thing of the day, with some other stuff too. Your email address Subscribe By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy. Your subscription has been confirmed. You've been added to our list and will hear from us soon. {{error_msg}}
Hey Bama fans! Visit our Crimson Tide blog Roll Bama Roll
Hey Noles! Visit our FSU blog Tomahawk Nation
This article is over 6 years old
Iran discovers more uranium ore and chooses sites for new nuclear plants
Iran has announced the discovery of new deposits of raw uranium to feed its nuclear programme and has identified sites for 16 more nuclear power stations, just days before talks with Western powers over its disputed atomic programme.
The Iran Atomic Energy Organisation report cited by the state news agency, IRNA, on Saturday said the deposits had been found in "southern coastal areas" and had trebled the amount outlined in previous estimates.
There was no independent confirmation but Western experts had previously thought that Iran, with few uranium mines of its own, may be close to exhausting its supply of raw uranium.
Diplomats say the US, Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany, the "P5+1", are set to offer Iran some relief from their sanctions at the talks in Kazakhstan on Tuesday if it agrees to curb its production of higher-grade enriched uranium.
The West says the production demonstrates Tehran's intent to develop nuclear weapons capability, an allegation which Iran denies.
The enriched uranium required for use in nuclear reactors or weapons is produced in centrifuges that spin uranium hexafluoride gas at high speeds. The uranium hexafluoride is derived from yellowcake, a concentrate from uranium ore.
Iran's reserves of raw uranium stood at around 4,400 tonnes taking into account discoveries over the past 18 months, IRNA quoted the report as saying.
The report also said 16 sites had been identified for the construction of nuclear power stations.
It did not specify the exact locations but said they included coastal areas of the Gulf, Sea of Oman, Khuzestan province and coastal areas of the Caspian Sea.
Producer, Director, Writer, Actor. These are just some of the labels one could attribute to Spike Jonze. Absurd, surreal, unique and diverse are just some of the few one could attach to their films.
Producer, Director, Writer, Actor. These are just some of the labels one could attribute to Spike Jonze. Absurd, surreal, unique and diverse are just some of the few one could attach to their films. Jonze is a multi-talented, multi-faceted filmmaker whose productions range from commercials to documentaries, from music videos to feature films. Strange and sensitive, Jonze's work is always in touch with humanity – but their works have little else in common other than that. They have been nominated at the MTV Music Video Awards, for Oscars and Golden Globes. Their creativity spans through the genres and is seemingly timeless.
One of the most interesting aspects to Spike Jonze's career is their flexibility to bounce between different creative mediums. The traditional route for a writer/director generally begins in shorts or adverts, and ends in features – the pinnacle of the film-making world. Jonze made their mark in music videos but even once they had attained the sought after feature film, they continued to write, direct and produce short films, music videos, documentaries and incredibly intelligent adverts. Their films are frequently described as ‘pop cinema' or fall into the category of ‘post-modern cinema‘ owing to their quirky nature, and subversion of conventional cinema techniques in terms of narrative.
Career Beginnings & Music Videos
Spike Jonze (born: Adam Spiegal) began their career as a photographer for various BMX/Skateboarding magazines (including becoming one third of the editing team behind the creation of Dirt Magazine). Due to their interest and passion for sports, they went on to shoot some skateboarding documentary videos – most notably Video Days (1991). The heightened style and fast paced editing led Video Days to be regarded as one of the most influential skate videos ever made.
Jonze was recognized for their work on short extreme sport videos and consequently approached to direct a video for American rock band Weezer for the song ‘Buddy Holly'. A fresh take on a video of rock music genre, ‘Buddy Holly' sees the band perform in a Happy Days set, complete with the Fonz and the rest of the gang. With clever nods to the series, including a ‘to be continued' halfway through, Buddy Holly exhibits that self-reflective, post-modern style that we can see in Jonze's work today.
Following the success of Weezer's video, Jonze has since worked on a vast number of memorable music videos; Beastie Boy's ‘Sabotage‘, Björk's ‘It's Oh So Quiet'‘and Daft Punk's ‘Da Funk‘ to name a few. In 1999, Jonze wrote and directed the video for Fat Boy Slim's ‘Praise You‘ – which featured Jonze as Richard Koufey, a contemporary dance instructor. The video is filmed guerrilla style outside of a cinema, where Koufey's fictional dance group (The Torrance Community Dance Troupe) perform choreography to the song, to the bemusement of real life onlookers. The video itself reportedly cost only $800 to make, with the majority of the money spent on food for the cast and crew. Praise You won three awards at the 1999 MTV Music Video Awards: Best Breakthrough, Best Direction and Best Choreography – cementing Spike Jonze as one of the greatest assets to the music industry.
Feature Films
After their initial success with their music videos and short films, Jonze entered the world of feature film making. Despite having worldwide acclaim, Spike Jonze has only ever directed four feature films: Being John Malkovich, Adaptation, Where The Wild Things Are and Them This small but powerful collection of films showcase Jonze at their very best, and validate them wholly as a feature film director.
Being John Malkovich (1999)
Being John Malkovich, as well as having one of the strangest premises in film history, was the beginning of the writer-director relationship of Spike Jonze and Charlie Kaufman. Described as a fantasy-comedy, Being John Malkovich is the story of puppeteer Craig (John Cusack) who discovers a portal which leads directly in the head of famous actor John Malkovich.
The portal allows one person into the mind of Malkovich for 15 minutes only, before spitting them out into a ditch near New Jersey Turnpike. Craig, their wife Lotta (Cameron Diaz) and their co-worker Maxine (Catherine Keener) are taken on a roller-coaster ride, each of them delving into Malkovich's mind for their own selfish ends.
By far the most interesting piece of trivia surrounding Being John Malkovich is that Kaufman wrote the script based on John Malkovich without ever having approached the actor first. It was frequently suggested that other actors would have suited the ‘Malkovich role' but Kaufman and Jonze insisted that the film was to be ‘Being John Malkovich'. This choice actually led them to be turned down by more than a few production companies in the early stages of pre-production.
Kaufman and Jonze's resolve that the film must include John Malkovich and no-one else would do is an early metaphor for Jonze's style in front of the camera: obscure and brave cinema, determined to be different. Being John Malkovich combines surrealism, paradoxes, twisted plots and convoluted characters and has probably ended by being the most popular cult film of all time (if that's not a complete oxymoron).
The mix of film noir with an absurd narrative make it incredibly funny too – and who doesn't want to spend fifteen minutes inside someone else's head? Especially if that someone is John Malkovich.
Adaptation. (2002)
The second product from dream-team Charlie Kaufman and Spike Jonze continues the bizarre storytelling phenomena with Adaptation. More intricate and elaborate than Being John Malkovich, if at all possible, Adaptation. pulls apart the film-making process, explores the concept of identity and above allows Nicholas Cage the best performance of their life.
There are several layers to Adaptation, the first being the story of writer Charlie Kaufman (not the writer of the film, Charlie Kaufman is a character in the film, played by Cage) who is adapting a novel which documents a woman (Meryl Streep) who attempts to track down the very rare flower – a white orchid. Also starring Tilda Swinton and Chris Cooper, Adaptation. is another surreal brain-teaser which is also highly regarded by critics and audiences alike.
The film confuses real people with fictional people (‘The Orchid Thief' is a real book about a real man as Charlie Kaufman is a real writer, but all of these characters are fictionalized within the film) and retains a sense of complete mystery – aided by the slow, deliberate pacing. Adaptation. swoops from very real conversations in New York, a city we recognise, to Cage playing identical twins lost in a murky, crocodile infested swamp.
Whilst confusing and quite crazy, Adaptation. ensures laughter and excitement along the way – Jonze adeptly handles the characters and script meticulously throughout. It's here that we can see Jonze growing as a filmmaker; Adaptation. is a full and complete work.
Where The Wild Things Are (2009)
Jonze's third feature, and their second novel adaptation – ‘Where The Wild Things Are' (Maurice Sendak, 1963) was a classic children's book for a generation. Although many directors had approached Universal (who had acquired the rights to book in 2001), Spike Jonze was the favourite to direct due to their youth and ‘[having] a spark that none of the others had'. Sendak and Jonze discussed the book adaptation at length before filming began; adapting a 338-word book into a feature length film was going to be quite the challenge.
What makes Where The Wild Things Are so different and so special is that it relates directly to children as well as adults. Max (Max Records), the young protagonist, has a fight with their mother (Catherine Keener) and consequently runs (or rather, sails away) to a deserted island. Only, the island is not deserted. Max meets the Wild Things – a misfit group of animals who make them their King. Reasons circulate for Max's running away: absent father, bullied child – but they remain largely irrelevant to the film.
Ultimately, Where the Wild Things Are is about the imaginary and the real, childhood and adulthood. Growing up and knowing the difference between right and wrong. It's never preachy, yet the underlying question is clear: ‘what is the right thing to do?'. Where the Wild Things Are allows us to realize that adults don't always know the answer either.
The film is technically beautiful; combining puppetry and animation to create the Wild Things is a technical achievement like no other and produces a realistic, yet unnerving result. They feel tangibly real, as does the island that Max travels to. Whilst the film is far less complex than any of Jonze's previous work, it doesn't feel lacking at all. The film received mixed criticism on release, mostly focused on confusion between whom the film was intended for – adults or children. I would argue it's both.
Them (2013)
Them could almost be an amalgamation of Spike Jonze's previous films. It has the simplicity and effortless narrative structure of Where the Wild Things Are but with the slow, pre-meditated pacing and style of both Adaptation. and Being John Malkovich. Set in a futuristic landscape, Them tells the story of Theo (Joaquin Pheonix), a recent divorcee who falls in love with their operating system, Samantha (Scarlett Johansson). It's a sci-fi love story unlike any other.
Not only does Them explore a near-future world where technology is even more of a presence in our everyday lives than it is now, it also carries a wonderful sense of humanity with it. Jonze lives up to their reputation as a postmodernist director, by giving us a love story that refuses to use traditional romantic film conventions. Particularly in terms of the shot choices, Jonze makes the most of shallow focus close ups on Theo's face to measure and gauge their reactions to Samantha (who obviously remains unseen for the entirety of the film).
Whilst we cannot ever see the physical chemistry between Theo and Samantha, Pheonix displays an incredible talent at exploiting minuscule facial gestures – giving away their emotions throughout the film. Them also begs the question of love between human and machine. Unlike its predecessors in Blade Runner, I, Robot or 2001: A Space Odyssey, Them instigates a deeper exploration into the psyche of human/A.I. relationships and lets us figure out the answers for ourselves.
Again, as is Spike Jonze's tendency, Them stunned and excited critics and audiences around the world, earning Jonze an Oscar for Best Original Screenplay as the screenwriter. The film is largely regarded as their best work to date.
Shorts
Whilst undertaking huge feature film projects, Spike Jonze has also directed, produced and written some of the most influential and unforgettable shorts. How They Get There (1997) barely hits the three minute mark, but is filled with the blackest comedy I have ever seen. Set to a jazz soundtrack, Jonze's talent for making music videos shines throughout How They Get There, and the payoff is as disturbing and surreal as any of their feature films.
2010 saw the release of I'm Here, a thirty minute film about two robots who fall in love. Simplistic and sweet, it is often cited in relation to Them as there are many similarities between the two films. I'm Here premiered at the 2010 Sundance Film Festival and was met to incredibly positive reviews. Like Where the Wild Things Are, I'm Here mixes puppetry with live action to create a beautiful surreal landscape.
In 2013, Jonze wrote and directed We Were Once a Fairytale which features Kanye West essentially losing it at a club with their entourage. Seemingly shot handheld documentary style, the eleven minute film documents Kanye's deterioration due to either their mental state or their consumption of alcohol/drugs. The film feels raw and unconstructed and offers a rare glimpse into the life of celebrities beyond the glamour and fame. It feels impossibly real, tangible almost. Almost the complete opposite of Jonze's typical heightened style, We Were Once a Fairytale reiterates Jonze's talent for finding humanity in the darkest places.
Commercials
In between their features, shorts and music videos, Spike Jonze consistently created expressive commercials for brands such as Levi's, IKEA and Gap. Lamp is probably the most famous of Jonze's commercials. Shot for IKEA, and featuring a lonely lamp, you wouldn't believe a TV advert could stir up such emotions. Lamp won the Grand Prix and a Grand Clip at the Cannes Lions International Advertising Festival – widely regarded as the most prestigious prizes in the advertising industry. Levi's ad Doctors and Gap ad Pardon Our Dust can both be viewed on Youtube, and are well worth two minutes of your time!
Special Mention
Spike Jonze also assisted in the creation and promotion of Jackass (2000) along with Johnny Knoxville and Jeff Tremain. In addition to their status of executive producer on the show, Jonze was also heavily involved with the creative elements. Jonze went on to produce each of the Jackass films, and often stars in the show himself.
Hopefully this article has given you a small insight into the career and achievements of the multi-talented force that is Spike Jonze. For further reading I would highly recommend ‘12 Projects That Got Spike Jonze to Where They Are Today‘ to give some further context as to how their shorts and music videos feed into their groundbreaking feature films.
What is your favorite Spike Jonze project?
(top image source: unknown)
Opinions expressed in our articles are those of the authors and not of the Film Inquiry magazine.
CLOSE A plume of orange muck from a large mine waste spill in Colorado has drifted about 55 miles downriver and is closing in on New Mexico, prompting communities to take precautions until the sludge passes. (Aug. 7) AP
New Mexico's congressional delegation is urging the Environmental Protection Agency to process reimbursement claims stemming from the Gold King Mine spill. (Photo: AP)
SANTA FE, N.M. — The New Mexico Environment Department wants the federal government to reimburse the state for what it spent responding to the Gold King Mine spill.
The department announced Monday that it has sent the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency a request for more than $1.5 million — the money New Mexico spent on emergency activities in the wake of the spill.
The EPA has assumed responsibility for a cleanup crew that triggered the release of 3 million gallons of toxic wastewater at the mine in southwestern Colorado last August. Rivers in Colorado, New Mexico and Utah were fouled.
New Mexico officials say local and state emergency workers, specialists, engineers, scientists and others teamed up to respond to and monitor the plume that deposited heavy metals as it progressed downstream.
Want to keep reading more?
Cleanup work set to resume after massive Colorado mine spill
House member: Mine that fouled rivers breached on purpose
Colorado officials take key step in Gold King mine cleanup
Republicans allege potential interference in Colorado mine spill probe
Read or Share this story: http://noconow.co/1prpbNp
The Django community in 2009
In March of 2007, I attempted to measure the size of Django's community. That March turned out to be a major inflection point in Django's growth: the release of 0.96 brought a lot of new features — testing and the new forms library being the critical ones — and those in turn brought in a lot of new users. Growth since then has been at a much faster pace.
So I thought it'd be interesting to review the same metrics I used back then. I was quite curious to see what's changed, and by how much.
Users In 2007, I shared three ways of getting at the number of folks using Django: The Django web site got about 1 million hits each month.
The official Django tarball got downloaded about 1,000 times per day.
About 500 sites were listed as Django-powered on our wiki. Today: The web site gets around 4.7 million hits per month. That breaks down to about 2.2 million to the main web site (www.djangoproject.com) and 2.5 million to the docs (docs.djangoproject.com). The development site gets an astounding 24 million hits per month, but that includes SVN traffic, and SVN's protocol is quite chatty so I wouldn't read too much into that number.
Downloads of the official Django tarball are still at roughly 1,000 times per day. However, Django's now available through most mainstream Linux distributions' package managers, so I have to imagine there are lots of installs that way. And there are also those who'll install direct from SVN. There was also a big spike when 1.0 was released (about 5,000 downloads per day that week), and another, slightly smaller, when 1.1 was released. Not really that related, but interesting: about 65% of downloads today are of 1.1.X, and the remainder are 1.0.X.
We no longer have a Django-powered sites area on the wiki, but djangosites.org has taken over that role. It now lists about 2,700 sites. Based on these numbers (1 million to 4.7 million hits; 500 voluntarily registered sites to about 2,700), we could guess at roughly a 5-fold increase in the size of the Django user community since March 2007. Not very scientific, to be sure. But it's clear that the user community is much larger now.
Community In 2007, I recorded these numbers: The django-users mailing list had 4.500 members, and was growing by about 100 members per week.
The django-developers mailing list had just under 2,000 members, of which maybe 100 participated regularly, and only about 20 very frequently. Today: django-users has a smidgen over 16,000 members. That's one of the largest programming groups on Google Groups (and big enough to make it clear that Google Groups is broken for groups this large. But that's another post.) The group's still growing at a rate right around 100 new members each week. Daily mailing list traffic has increased about 25%.
django-developers has 5,200 members. List traffic hasn't increased much (in fact, I think it's down slightly over 2007), but the number of regular participants has. I'd guess at least 500 people participate with any regularity, and there are at least 100 who're likely to weigh in frequently. These metrics show a less extreme growth curve, perhaps "only" 2- or 3-fold since 2007. It's not surprising to me that the segment of the community passionate enough to engage in these groups grows slower than the "just a user" community. It's a sign of maturity that users don't necessarily have to get involved in the project to be successful.
Who Earns Minimum Wage?
Photo by OFL Communications Department
Minimum wages have been getting a lot of attention lately. And for good reason. Workers earning minimum wage often struggle to get enough hours, don't have predictable schedules or advance notice of shifts, and many don't even have access to unpaid sick days.
Alberta's current government was elected on a plan to raise the minimum wage to $15 by 2018, and the Nova Scotia NDP recently tabled a bill that would have the minimum wage increase each January, eventually reaching $15 in 2019.
How many people even earn minimum wage? Well if you take everyone earning less than the primary minimum wage, there were 1,253,000 workers earning minimum wage or less in 2015 (many provinces have exceptions or lower wages for students or alcohol servers).
Labour Force Survey microdata 2015, Government of Canada Minimum wage database
But if we're talking about increasing the minimum wage, workers who earn just above that get a raise too. So how many workers benefit directly from a $15 minimum wage? Well, in 2015 about 25% of all workers in Canada made $15 / hr or less. That's more than 4 million workers. This varies significantly by province, from 18% of all employees in Alberta, to 38% of all employees in PEI (see table 2).
We also often hear that low wageworkers are young workers, living with their parents, and raising the minimum wage will only hurt them – making it harder for young workers to break into the labour market. David Green, a professor at UBC, reviewed the existing literature on minimum wages and found that “Estimated [employment] effects for young adult and adult workers range from insignificant to non-existent.” They also found the Canadian evidence shows that increasing the minimum wage reduces turnover – so raising the minimum wage actually creates more stable jobs for workers too.
And while lots of young workers are employed in low wage jobs, many adults are as well. Besides, young workers deserve a fair wage for their labour too.
Labour Force Survey microdata, 2015
Labour Force Survey microdata, 2015
Finally, women are disproportionately represented in these low wage jobs – fully one-third of women earn less than $15 / hr, compared to only 22% of men (see table 3).
It's also important to note that many in the Fight for $15 movement have made associated improvements in employment standards part of their campaign. In Ontario, the 15 and Fairness campaign addresses issues such as sick days, predictable scheduling, and contract flipping.
Fight for $15 is a concrete way to push back against growing inequality and precarious work – join the fight for decent work in your province!
UPDATE: All numbers exclude self-employed workers. The Labour Force Survey doesn't provide wage data for self-employed workers, and self-employed workers aren't subject to minimum wage laws. “Proportion of workers” is more accurately “Proportion of employees.” The number of employees per province can be found in CANSIM Table 282-0012.
Angella MacEwen is a Senior Economist with the Canadian Labour Congress. Angella has co-authored Cost of Poverty studies for the three Maritime provinces, and has been involved in several Alternative Budgets with the CCPA. They blog on labour market issues, poverty, and inequality at the Progressive Economics Forum.
This article originally appeared on Progressive-Economics.ca.
Chalk up another possible job victim of the Internet age — the New York City cab driver.
Google is betting big on the driverless car, testing 10 cars for more than 700,000 miles. Without a driver at the wheel, these vehicles are able to to navigate anywhere, including trips down the eight tight hairpin turns on San Francisco's Lombard Street.
This month, Google took the next dramatic step by rolling out a fleet of 100 two-seaters without steering wheels, brakes or accelerators. Sensors, computers and lasers guide the vehicles to destinations specified on mobile phones by their passengers.
An emergency stop button is on board and, if conditions confuse the system, the car will simply come to a halt. This generation of vehicles will be lightweight, with soft collapsible front ends, and limited to 25 mph. The next version will be larger and faster and aimed at driving anywhere on its own.
The project has been licensed by California, where freeways are clogged and public transportation non-existent. The goal is to supplement existing transportation, then eventually to automate highways.
“On a normal operating highway, cars take up a tiny fraction of the space,” said Google co-founder Sergei Brin. “Mostly, it's all air between you and the car in front of you, to the sides of you. Self-driving cars can chain together and use the highways far more efficiently.”
A Columbia University professor estimated that almost four times as many cars could travel through a corridor, safely and quickly, as are currently able to do so. Spending trillions on roads and public transportation won't be necessary.
But driverless cars could change the urban environment as well — and upend the tens of thousands of taxis, liveries and limos that prowl New York's streets and collect up to 1 million fares daily.
Converting these fleets gradually to driverless cars would reduce traffic, as these cars would not overcrowd the streets looking for fares. They would be parked or stored until summoned by cellphone or text to perform a task.
Less than 24 hours after Google unveiled its autonomous prototype, the CEO of ride-sharing service Uber, Travis Kalanick, said driverless cars will make cars cheaper to rent than to own. “When there's no other dude [driver] in the car, the cost of taking Uber anywhere becomes cheaper than owning a vehicle.”
Commuters could be driven to work in vehicles with office equipment or face-to-face seating for meetings. Designated drivers would be redundant and party cars could ferry groups to football matches stocked with beer, snacks and big-screen televisions. Driverless cars could take your kids to soccer practice, take blind or disabled people anywhere, pick up groceries or fetch the dog from its groomer.
Self-driving cars are safer than human-driven cars, maintains Brin. In its two years of testing, only two Google cars were involved in minor accidents. In one case, its pilot was driving when the mishap occurred, and in another it was rear-ended while at a stop sign.
The fact is humans are lousy drivers. Roughly 30,000 Americans die every year from traffic accidents, mostly due to intoxication, incompetence or inattention. The worldwide carnage is an estimated 1.2 million annually.
Driverless cars are coming down the road more rapidly than most of us are aware. Brin forecasts widespread use by 2018. Nevada, Florida, Michigan, the District of Columbia and Sweden are licensing tests and dozens more have legislation in the works. Insurance regulators are looking at the issue of liability and the world's automakers are engaged in research and pilot projects.
“The Mercedes S class will already drive by itself in a traffic jam,” said Silicon Valley guru Brad Templeton at a tech conference last week. Last year, Nissan showed a car that can find a space and park without the driver being inside.
There will be obstacles, such as the London taxi protest that temporarily shut down the city over a proposal to license Uber. But just like every industry from music to journalism, disruption is inevitable. After all, we have only our traffic, horns, cranky cabbies, fumes and huge infrastructure bills to lose.
Ironically, New York hosted the world's first driverless car demo — in 1925, when a radio-controlled car drove up Broadway and down Fifth Avenue in heavy traffic. Nearly 90 years later, it's time to sign on for more.
Diane Francis is author of “Merger of the Century: Why Canada and America Should Become One Country”; their next book is about Silicon Valley.
UCLA researchers have discovered that the Scalloped (above) and Yorkie genes play a key role in how progenitor stem cells are activated to fight infection.
In a study led by Eli and Edythe Broad Center of Regenerative Medicine and Stem Cell Research member Dr. Julian Martinez-Agosto, UCLA scientists have shown that two genes not previously known to be involved with the immune system play a crucial role in how progenitor stem cells are activated to fight infection.
This discovery lays the groundwork for a better understanding of the role progenitor cells can play in immune system response and could lead to the development of more effective therapies for a wide range of diseases.
The two-year study was published in the current issue of the journal Current Biology.
Progenitor cells are the link between stem cells and fully differentiated cells of the blood system, tissues and organs. This maturation process, known as differentiation, is determined in part by the original environment that the progenitor cell came from, called the niche. Many of these progenitors are maintained in a quiescent state or “standby mode” and are ready to differentiate in response to immune challenges such as stress, infection or disease.
Dr. Gabriel Ferguson, a postdoctoral fellow in Martinez-Agosto's lab and first author of the study, built upon the lab's previous research that utilized the blood system of the fruit fly species Drosophila to show that a specific set of signals must be received by progenitor cells to activate their differentiation into cells that can work to fight infection after injury. Ferguson focused on two genes previously identified in stem cells but not in the blood system, named Yorkie and Scalloped, and discovered that they are required in a newly characterized cell type called a lineage specifying cell. These cells then essentially work as a switch, sending the required signal to progenitor cells.
The researchers further discovered that when the progenitor cells did not receive the required signal, the fly would not make the mature cells required to fight infection. This indicates that the ability of the blood system to fight outside infection and other pathogens is directly related to the signals sent by this new cell type.
“The beauty of this study is that we now have a system in which we can investigate how a signaling cell uses these two genes, Yorkie and Scalloped, which have never before been shown in blood, to direct specific cells to be made,” said Martinez-Agosto, associate professor of human genetics. “It can help us to eventually answer the question of how our body knows how to make specific cell types that can fight infection.”
The researchers said that they hope future studies will examine these genes beyond Drosophila and extend to mammalian models, and that the system will be used by the research community to study the role of the genes Yorkie and Scalloped in different niche environments.
“At a biochemical level, there is a lot of commonality between the molecular machinery in Drosophila and that in mice and humans,” Ferguson said. “This study can further our shared understanding of how the microenvironment can regulate the differentiation and fate of a progenitor or stem cell.”
Martinez-Agosto noted, “Looking at the functionality of these genes and their effect on the immune response has great potential for accelerating the development of new targeted therapies.”
Ferguson's research on this project was supported by a Cellular and Molecular Biology National Institutes of Health predoctoral training grant. Additional funding was provided by the David Geffen School of Medicine at UCLA.
So far I have authored/contributed around 200+ modules on npm and they get around 1.5M downloads per month, which is a decent figure; as a part of this I have learnt a few things and I would like to share the same in this post.
To-do before writing a module:
Search npm and look for an already existing module that solves your issue: you could do a npm search <module> or search from the site
If you find one such good module, do read its code and see if you can improve something, it might be performance, logic or test fixes.
If you find a module and it does not do exactly what you are looking for, then send a PR with the changes you wish.
Writing a neat package:
If you are one of those smart lazy devs, you might want to use generator-node. If that is too heavy for you then checkout generator-nm
If you do not want generators you can stick with npm init and create the required dir structure manually.
Make sure your package.json is valid, maybe you would need package-json-validator
If you are new to npm you can use validate-npm-package-name to check if your package name is a valid npm package name.
It would be good if you make sure that your package.json has a files attribute which in turn has a main attribute in it.
Make sure you have test cases in place and also integrate it with continuous build service, like travis.
Use badges like: nodei, david et.al
Make sure your README.md looks good, as it has info about how to install your module, what it does, API docs and a gif, logo is a plus.
Take care while releasing package, using tools like release-it
Getting to the top:
There are many ways to showcase your module so that people will find it and hopefully use it but here are a few good ways to create a useful package:
Dig into GitHub and find a few trending projects, read the source, find code that can be extracted into a module, make a module and send a PR with it, most time it gets accepted as modularity always wins.
Dig into the most dependent modules of node and repeat the above steps.
If the above did not work in your favour, make your own light weight module that just does a small part of the larger module.
P.S: It's not just about getting to the top, rather it's about doing one thing and doing it the best way.
Further reading:
I strongly believe in writing one-line node modules, but I wanted to hear the same from @sindresorhus so I asked them a question.
Me and few of my friends (Stoeffel & Tomekwi ) together have put up 1-liners and also checkout npm-scripts
Apart from what I had mentioned for readme.md have a look at this template.
P.S: Thanks to @nihar108 for typo and grammar fixes.
Steele
DOUGLASVILLE, GA......Steele is a beautiful 4 year old pure breed HUSKY that was picked up as a stray and brought to the shelter in Douglasville. They have a Secondary Glaucoma that we have determined was caused by some sort of blunt force trauma.  They are very sore and sensitive on the right side of their body. When you try and pick them up they let out a yelp. They aren't hit by a car because their injuries are not indicative of that. The best we can determine based on the tests we have done is that they were either kicked really hard or they were hit with an object. What ever happened to him, they are going to lose the site in that eye.
We had been following their case knowing they were going to be PTS if no one stepped up for him. We felt certain someone would. We were shocked when we discovered they were still at the shelter and hadn't had any treatment for their eye. They were going to be put on the put to sleep list so we grabbed him. An eye injury like this builds up pressure and causes terrible pain and suffering. It is sometimes similar to a really bad migraine. We had Steele picked up the same day we contacted the shelter and boy am I glad we did. Their eye ruptured on the way to Columbia, SC. Since it was after hours, they had to go to the Emergency Veterinary Clinic and have emergency surgery and medical care to remove the eye. Before the surgery could be done, we had to do lots of tests and x-rays to rule out any internal injuries and to make sure they had not been hit by a car. We also had to determine their heartworm status to make sure they could survive anesthesia. Their HW test came back positive but their chest x-ray showed they could have the surgery. By 3:30 AM, Steele was finally able to have their much-needed surgery. The eye was saved and sent to a lab to rule out cancer or any other medical reason for the Glaucoma. It came by as Secondary Glaucoma from trauma. Steele is doing great and is feeling so much better since the eye has been removed. They love other dogs and loves to play. We are having to keep them quiet while their eye area heals. They will make a wonderful family dog to the right person. They will need to be able to get out and run and would be a great companion for a runner.
We changed their name from Errol to Steele since they reminded us of steel.
This beautiful boy is finally on the mend. Their next hurdle is doing their heartworm treatment and then they can be placed with a wonderful family. If you think you are that family, please, fill out our Adoption Application.
Calgary Zoo officials say one of their peacocks flew too high and too far — right into the waiting jaws of one of its lions.
Last week, just days before the colourful bevy of birds is set to huddle in their winter habitat until spring, one of the more adventurous birds managed to flap its way into the African lion habitat on the east side of St. George's Island.
The result was sadly predictable.
Zoo spokesperson Trish Exton-Parder said keepers at the zoo were stunned by the audacity of the plucky peacock, which as a species aren't generally known for long-distance flights.
“It's not normal peacock behaviour that a bird would fly that high and that far into a habitat,” they said.
“To go as high as it did over a building is a feat in itself.”
The remaining collection of a half dozen male peacocks — the zoo has no peahens — are now safely tucked away in their winter enclosure, but Exton-Parder said the incident likely won't result in any changes to the tradition of allowing the birds to walk free on the zoo grounds.
“There are no conversations right now about whether one of them will do that again,” they said.
“We love the fact that peacocks wander through the gardens, and the visitors do, too.”
It's not unusual for some of the zoo's caged predators to enjoy an unexpected meal that enters their habitat.
“Usually it's ducks or geese that will fly into the wrong habitat,” Exton-Parder said.
“We'll find out only when we find some feathers that once belonged to that bird in the habitat.”
The peacock's death marks the second the zoo has seen this year, after a sly mother fox managed to slink its way onto St. George's Island and devour one of the birds in June.
Exton-Parder said it was also a freak incident, as the zoo has extensive anti-predation protocols.
“Somehow, the wily fox got in and had a little family after they got their fill,” they said, noting that after allowing the fox to have their litter in a den safely away from the zoo's other animals, the family was moved outside the city.
“We ended up losing a peacock but gaining a fox family.”
Anytime the zoo loses an animal it's a difficult time for staffers who are invested in keeping their charges healthy and safe, Exton-Parder said.
“It's upsetting for the animal-care team because it's such an unexpected incident,” they said.
slogan@postmedia.com
On Twitter: @ShawnLogan403
A new study into domestic violence is claiming to prove that in relationships women are more likely to be physically and verbally abusive than men. The University of Cumbria asked 1,000 people of both genders their experiences with domestic violence using a scale of aggression that ranged from simple verbal abuse to more aggressive physical violence.
The findings came out in favor of showing that women are “significantly” more likely to be the aggressive partner. The women were also more likely to use controlling behavior such as banning their partner from seeing certain people, including friends and family.
A lecturer in applied psychology Elizabeth Bates conducted the study and said about the findings: “This study found that women demonstrated a desire to control their partners and were more likely to use physical aggression than men. This suggests that intimate partner violence may not be motivated by patriarchal values and needs to be studied within the context of other forms of aggression, which has potential implications for interventions.”
It is notoriously difficult to get an accurate study on how much domestic violence occurs to men considering the stigma on reporting it.
Still, some people aren't convinced by the study. Chief Executive of Women's Aid Polly Neate said, “Some men experience domestic violence, and they need support. However many more women experience patterns of abusive behaviour, and find it much harder to leave when they do. Publishing statistics on domestic violence which don't detail the frequency, severity and gender differences is irresponsible, and contributes to a situation where some services have to turn women away for lack of funding, but have to provide services to male victims which are rarely used despite being promoted locally.”
From now on Mexicans will be literally drawn to the ladies' feet. This is possibly thanks to the recently released line of shoes, which, according to the shoe manufacturers, stimulate pheromone (hormones, which help attract individuals of the opposite sex) production.
The commercial manager Guillermo Sanchez explained to the journalists that the shoes start functioning upon walking, such that each step leads to another wave of pheromone release. Special “strategic” insoles are placed in the shoes; the insoles trigger release of those chemical compounds upon contact with nerve fibers. The compounds, in turn, provoke subconscious attraction in those who are nearby.
Sanchez highlighted that, according to their information, their company is the only one in the world to produce such product.
According to him, they aim to find buyers among “active” women, ages between 25 and 40, who need comfortable shoes for work.
Source of the image: flickr.com/photos/rinaldi/.
CLOSE Henry Friedman, an 86-year-old Holocaust survivor who never had the chance to get their high school diploma, will soon have one courtesy of a Seattle-area school district. VPC
Henry Friedman will finally have the high school diploma he's always wanted when the Kent School District gives them one Wednesday. (Photo11: KING)
SEATAC, Wash. – An 86-year-old Holocaust survivor who never had the chance to get their high school diploma will soon have one courtesy of a Seattle-area school district.
Henry Friedman will receive their honorary diploma from the Kent School District on Wednesday.
"I always felt something missing in my life, especially when I went to my children's graduations, then graduating from college," Friedman told KING 5 News. "I don't have the words in my vocabulary to describe what it really feels like."
Chris Loftis, Chief of Communications for the Kent School District, said administrators are honoring Friedman after they volunteered their time educating students for more than 20 years.
"How many hundreds and hundreds of students have heard their story and have been inspired by that story," Loftis said. "Education is more than reading, writing and arithmetic. Education is about learning the community of humanity. Henry Friedman is one of the best instructors we could possibly have in that community."
Students hear first-hand how Friedman and their family survived the Holocaust. Two Christian families risked their lives by allowing the Friedmans to live in a barn for 18 months.
"I come from a city that had a Jewish population of 10,000," they said. "There were less than 100 of us that survived."
Friedman often uses their story to teach students how important education is.
"We had properties in Europe. Most of it was lost. We had money. Most of that was lost. But I was able to carry through borders whatever teachers had put through my head," they told a first-year student history class at Kent Mountain View Academy.
"Nobody can take that away from you."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1xlclhH
Scotland is on the verge of recession after the economy shrank at the end of last year, official figures show.
Output north of the border fell by 0.2% in the final quarter of 2016, while the UK economy as a whole grew by 0.7%.
If the economy continues to contract in the first three months of this year Scotland will officially be in recession.
Finance Secretary Derek Mackay said the figures, which were published on Wednesday, reflect the “economic reality of the Brexit vote” last summer.
UK minister Lord Dunlop said the Scottish Government's agitation for independence is hampering growth.
The data reveals the Scottish economy did not grow at all throughout 2016, compared with 1.8% growth across the UK.
Murdo Fraser, the Scottish Conservative MSP, blamed Nicola Sturgeon's “mismanagement”.
“She has made Scotland the highest-taxed part of the UK and created more instability and uncertainty with their threat of a second referendum,” they said.
Liz Cameron, chief executive of the Scottish Chambers of Commerce, singled out the Scottish Government as they urged them to change tack on imposing a greater tax burden for some businesses and higher-rate taxpayers than their English counterparts face.
“It is time for the Scottish Government to abandon this high tax agenda before it is too late as these policies risk driving investment out of Scotland.”
Prof Graeme Roy, from the Fraser of Allander Institute, said the figures are “deeply disappointing”.
They said the oil and gas downturn explains the slump in part, but also pointed to “substantial declines” in construction and manufacturing.
“With any Brexit uncertainty affecting the UK as well, it's hard to argue that Scotland's relatively weaker performance can be explained by the outcome of the EU referendum,” they added.
Lord Dunlop, the Conservative minister, said the UK Government is “working hard to release our potential through the industrial strategy, city region deals and a £1.2 billion funding boost for the Scottish budget”.
They called on the SNP administration to use its “unprecedented powers to make Scotland more competitive and return its economy to growth”.
Mr Mackay said: “Scotland's economy faces continued headwinds, such as the slowdown in the oil and gas sector and weak global demand.
“Despite these challenges, the foundations of our economy are strong with growth in 2016, unemployment falling and early signs that the situation is improving for North Sea operators.”
Thomas Bach, the firm favourite to succeed Jacques Rogge as head of the IOC on Tuesday, found themselves the subject of a withering television documentary in their native Germany last week that has also sparked suggestions they have become the victim of a smear campaign.
A programme called Sport Inside saw the 59-year-old lawyer and former Olympic fencing champion accused of cheating when an athlete by using a wet glove to disrupt electronic scoring apparatus, of appearing in the files of the East German secret police – or Stasi – as part of an influence-peddling scheme, and of fronting an Arab-German chamber of commerce with anti-Israeli leanings.
A spokesperson for Bach on Sunday night branded the allegations “nonsense”, with the IOC vice-president themselves saying: “I have nothing further to add.”
It is understood that Bach, who is also president of the German Olympic Sports Federation, has declined to address each accusation in full to avoid giving credibility to what could be argued is either a legitimate attempt to scrutinise a man seeking to assume the highest office in sport or the result of an orchestrated attempt to undermine their bid.
The allegations over influence-peddling are thought to be particularly dubious as they pre-date 2002, when Germany changed its laws regarding such matters.
The programme did unearth one indisputable rule breach relating to Bach's candidacy, but that was committed by influential IOC member Sheikh Ahmad al-Fahad Al-Sabah, a Kuwaiti royal who was quoted giving their public backing to the German. That is against IOC regulations and the sheikh has already been slapped on the wrist.
With the election of the first new IOC president for 12 years taking place on Tuesday, the documentary added intrigue to what has otherwise been a largely anodyne race to succeed Rogge. But it did not appear to be a topic of conversation among members at the IOC Session in Buenos Aires. For now, that is all that matters for Bach, who is up against five other candidates.
Of more significance could be the decision on Saturday to award the 2020 Games to Tokyo, something that may have damaged the presidency bid of Bach's chief rival, Ng Ser Miang, if the IOC decides electing the Singaporean would give too much power to Asia.
Tokyo was still celebrating on Sunday after its crushing victory in the vote to host the Olympics and Paralympics in seven years' time.
The result also represented another triumph for Britain at the IOC as, not only was Tokyo's striking new Olympic Stadium designed by Zaha Hadid – responsible for London 2012's Aquatics Centre – its stirring final presentation was written by Nick Varley.
That made it a hat-trick of triumphs for the founder of campaign agency Seven46, who also penned the ­presentations for London 2012 and Rio 2016. The latter city beat Tokyo four years ago, when the Japanese bid was thought to be too sober. Conversely, their 2020 campaign pushed all the right emotional buttons.
Admitting cultural differences made the bid one of the most challenging they had worked on, Varley said: “The idea was always to try to make them speak English, be a bit emotional, maybe have a joke or two and a lot of smiles. In their culture, modesty is very important and, therefore, trying to sell yourself is almost completely counter cultural to them. So they had to get out of their comfort zone to do that, quite a lot actually.”
With Tokyo having won by 24 votes in the final round, it is unlikely ­Varley's script made a material difference, unlike London's presentation eight years earlier. But they said: “Did it make a difference on Saturday? Yes I think it did.
"Because I think that if they hadn't demonstrated they had the prime minister there, there would have been questions. If you don't outline your vision clearly, people don't necessarily vote as strongly for you.”
The Tokyo presentation also tackled head on the one issue that threatened to derail its bid, contamination from the Fukushima nuclear plant.
Varley said: “It was probably the biggest last-minute worry. But the prime minister nailed it, particularly in the Q&A.”
That was in stark contrast to the Madrid and Istanbul bid teams, who failed adequately to respond to IOC questions about Spain and Turkey's recent doping scandals.
Those questions were posed by British IOC member Adam Pengilly, a former skeleton Olympian.
Pengilly revealed some UK athletes had urged them not to vote for Madrid or Istanbul because of Spain's Operation Puerto blood-bag saga and Turkey's raft of recent positive dope tests. They said of their intervention: “It may have made no difference whatsoever or it may have made 10 votes or more. Who knows?”
Their bluntness did not go down with some IOC members and they added: “I am aware I have to be a bit delicate if I upset my fellow members, and we are like a family.
“There is a balance to be had in representing the people who elected me and being honest and frank and getting clear answers when we need them but doing it in a way that's not going to upset them.”
Pengilly was confident that the current Spanish government would address the country's doping problems. “To be fair to the government, they have not been in power for that long, only 18 months, and they have done a good job on anti-doping.”
Other IOC members played down the significance of Pengilly's intervention but the Briton looks like they have added some much-needed energy to the organisation.
5. And when thou prayest, thou shalt not be as the hypocrites: for they love to pray standing in the synagogues and in the corners of the streets, that they may be seen of men. Verily I say unto you, They have their reward.
6. But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.
7. But when ye pray, use not vain repetitions, as the heathen: for they think that they shall be heard for their much speaking.
There are many parts of the Christian bible that are somewhat ambiguous, unclear, or inconsistent. This reality is accepted by many Christians. Other parts of the Christian bible seem quite clear. Take Matthew 6:5-7 for example:This passage describes how hypocrites pray in public "that they may be seen" and admonishes the audience not to pray like this. Instead, the audience is encouraged to pray in private. Private prayer is good; public prayer is bad . Seems pretty clear, doesn't it? So why do so many Christians in the United States ignore it and engage in public prayer? Who supposedly spoke these words in Matthew? Maybe it was just a minor figure Christians like to ignore. No, these words are attributed to Jesus himself. It seems like Christians would take the words of Jesus a bit more seriously, doesn't it? After all, this is the being with whom they claim to have a personal relationship. Why are they so quick to disregard their words about public prayer?Matthew is one of the gospels, and it is found in the New Testament. It cannot be ignored or dismissed in the same way Christians are fond of dismissing the portions of the Old Testament which reflect poorly on their faith. And again, these statements about public prayer are supposed to be Jesus' words.What does public prayer look like? Almost every time I go to a restaurant in Mississippi, I see someone praying before their meal. I can often hear their words too. Before nearly every exam I give at a state university, someone will insist on praying aloud. Many meetings are opened with organized prayer. When I reported for mandatory jury duty a couple years ago, the judge kicked off the jury selection with a lengthy sectarian prayer referring Jesus multiple times. This was imposed on all of us, as our presence wasAs tempting as it might be to conclude that this is just Mississippi, just the South, or just the bible belt, such a conclusion is unwarranted. At the local, state, and federal levels, our politicians open legislative sessions with public prayer. These prayers are given into microphones and sometimes broadcast on television. There are well organized and well funded prayer breakfasts held across the country, including the big one in our nation's capitol. Prayer via amplification over PA systems. There are televangelists, massive prayer rallies held in stadiums, and prayer-related nonsense spewed all over Facebook. Public prayer by Christians is common.Why are so many Christians disregarding what their bible says about prayer? Are they willingly embracing the form of hypocrisy Jesus allegedly warned them against? Have they decided that they know better than Jesus?
Well before the ball has even pitched, Sehwag knows exactly which hoarding their eventual hit is going to be.
‘See-ball-hit-ball' is too simplistic and lazy an explanation to decipher the phenomenon that is Virender Sehwag. As they confess in a revealing chat with Sandeep Dwivedi, there's a real art to ‘seeing the ball' itself. So much so that well before the ball has even pitched, Sehwag knows exactly which hoarding their eventual hit is going to be retrieved from. Excerpts from the interview.
Advertising
After you hit a century against CSK during the last IPL season, you stated that your hands were going really well. What does that imply?
Some time back, I was batting well but I wasn't converting 20s into 50s or into big ones. I had a problem when I was on the England tour and the Australia tour (both 2011). Because of my eyesight, I had headaches and a lot of eye pain. I was seeing a lot of doctors also. In England and Australia, after every Test match I was going to eye-specialists and every time they were telling me that my eyes are absolutely fine.
The doctors would say, “You are getting headaches because of migraine”. After the Australia series in India, I saw my family doctor, Dr Harsh Kumar. They told me that I don't have an eye problem but I have power of minus 0.5. ‘Mujhe door ka problem hai'. Then they gave me glasses and it took almost a year to adjust to them. And now I am batting well, scoring runs. Everybody wants to play for India. Hopefully I will get a chance to play for India again and retire gracefully. I'll try my best.
Advertising
What were these batting problems that you faced initially with your glasses on?
During the peak of my career, I used to pick the ball as soon it was released from the bowler's hands. And I hit the ball through the line. Here, I was no longer able to pick it quickly from the hand. So it became difficult for me to react quickly. That's why I was getting out early on, since I was missing balls. Now I've adjusted with the glasses.
Did you try contact lenses?
I tried plenty. But it didn't suit me. Somehow I was not comfortable with them. I batted with contact lenses in the IPL while playing for Delhi Daredevils. I wasn't picking the ball early. So I went back to the glasses. If I can pick the ball early, I can react and score runs. I was worried. “I have to pick early, I have to pick early”, I would tell myself. With glasses, I think it's fine.
So what do you do when you are not getting runs? Some spend more time in the nets. What did you do this time?
Sometimes you just need to get out of the game and should do things which you want to do in life and like. I mean I love to go out for dinner or watch a movie or listen to music. So I wasn't bothered about my game. My game was there but I wasn't mentally there to convert those starts. So if you get away from the game, you relax your mind, you focus fully and get ready to score big runs. My batting is all about picking the ball early.
That's what happened in the Ranji Trophy (Sehwag scored 568 runs at 51.63, 2 fifties and as many hundreds). I picked the ball from the bowler's hands and played well.
Are you claiming that this aspect of picking the ball was missing for nearly two years?
Yes. 2013 and 2014. Because we were in Australia 2011-12. After that tour I felt like there was something missing.
Which is that one shot that makes you to think that everything is in place?
When I wasn't scoring runs and suddenly one ball hit the middle of the bat and went for four. That shot gives me confidence. But I have to be careful. My shot selection has to be good to score big runs.
That means middling the ball is good enough for you?
Yes, I mean, I was never good in technique, my game was all about hand-eye co-ordination. So I have always bothered about whether I was hitting through the line. Then it doesn't matter where I am hitting.
Do you think coaches these days are over-analysing the game? Your first coach Mr AN Sharma always kept things simple.
I feel hitting the ball is the most important thing in batting. Picking the ball early is important. If you are picking it early and hitting the ball, I don't think it matters much whether your feet are in the right place or your head is in the right place. Till the time you are hitting the ball down the ground, meeting the ball nicely, and you're hitting fours and sixes you are okay. Players, generally, watch their videos to find out their mistakes. I was watching my videos just to enjoy my boundaries.
Gautam Gambhir once said that if they get out in the nets, they get disturbed. So they see to it that they don't lose their wicket. You, on the other hand, are happy even if you are dismissed 10 times, for Gambhir claims you walk out recalling all the good shots you have played.
I'm going into the nets with a purpose. Like I want to improve the cover-drive. I want to improve the cut-shot. The step out shot over covers or mid-wicket. I was concentrating and not worrying if the ball will get me out or not. Net practice is to improve your game. If I play a shot off every ball, only then can I improve my game. But sometimes, I take a dare with bowlers. If a bowler gets me out, I will give them a bat or a pad or a shoe. But if I don't get out, I will bat for an hour. If I get out on first ball, I come out and the bowler who got me out will get a reward. So, there is a challenge for the bowlers also.
So it doesn't bother you that you got out three times on the eve of a match?
What is more important — scoring runs or getting out in the nets? For me it is important to improve my batting and what I want to achieve during that session.
How did you react when people advised you with your game?
Those that help you, you adopt. The rest you erase. The only suggestion I picked up was from Srikkanth or Gavaskar. One of them told me to stand on middle and off. Don't move your feet. Just cover your wickets. I did that and scored a lot of runs. If you are standing on off-stump, every ball is close to you. Others said go back and across, some said use your left foot and others said bring your bat from a certain angle. There were so many but the right one was for me to stand on middle and off. I still do that. Sometimes I even stand on off and even walk across to go closer to the ball.
Has there ever been pressure on you to entertain?
I am not bothered about the crowd. People come to watch me. They are coming with a risk. Before they reach the stadium, Sehwag might have gotten out and gone into the dressing-room. It happened many times. Why should I bother? I didn't invite them. I invited my friends during the World Cup. I scored 30-odd runs. I should enjoy my game, try to score runs and concentrate. I should control my mind rather than think about people and my reputation.
Isn't it tempting for you, though? Don't you ever think that there is this crowd here and I have to put up a show?
Never. It is only to do with scoring runs, surviving. In the first-half (of my career), I was worried about my place. I wanted to score at least 50 so that nobody could drop me. When I had a stable place, then I started thinking about scoring big runs, big 100s. In Australia on my first tour, Rahul Dravid had scored a big hundred. And Shivlal Yadav said, “Look how much respect they are getting. If you score big runs, you'll also get this respect.” And then I started scoring big hundreds.
Do big sixes not get you respect?
It's a fact that if you start scoring big hundreds, people will give you respect. Now they say, “Wow! they are the only one who has scored a triple century for India”. That is the kind of respect that I am getting from players. On ‘Comedy Nights with Kapil' TV show, even Sunil Gavaskar bowed to me. That's because of that triple-century. It's not because I hit a six. It's because of the 300 that I made with a six. The kind of respect you get when you score 200, 250 or 300. That's what I told Rohit Sharma once. I asked them how many double hundreds or triple hundreds they have in first-class cricket. They said “none”. I said go and score. The moment they scored a triple century, they called me. Very good, I said, now you will get picked for Tests. Now everybody is talking about Rohit Sharma.
Realisation is one thing, but how do you work towards getting big scores?
If it's your day and you're batting well, score as many as you can on that day. One day I scored 284 and the next day I scored just 9 and missed a triple-century. It would have been my third. So I realised that when I was scoring well I should have completed my triple century that day itself. Why leave it to the next day? Look at Rohit. It was their day, they batted 50 overs and made 264. You cannot be satisfied with scoring 175 and getting out in the 42nd over. Try to bat the remaining eight overs. Try to hit a boundary in every over so that you have eight more boundaries. So that's 48 more runs and plus a few singles and twos. So you've crossed the 200 mark. You have to calculate too.
Is that how you planned your ODI 200?
Yes, I was hitting a boundary off the first ball of every over and then trying to rotate the strike. Because if the other player takes a single, and then I can hit another boundary or rotate the strike again. So six runs an over for myself.
You need to be smart as well. You need to know which bowler to hit and which to score singles. I hit Darren Sammy, Sunil Narine and the off-spinner (Marlon Samuels) because they were new. Sammy was no threat for Sehwag. I hit them for two sixes over covers. Then when Narine came on, I hit them for a four. Then Gautam hit one.
Narine bowled only 5 overs and went for 40 runs. Then Samuels came and I hit them a boundary. There were two bowlers, Kemar Roach and Ravi Rampaul, and I knew I had to handle them well. And the other bowlers I had to target. When I was batting well I could hit 3-4 boundaries even off Roach and Rampaul.
Back in 2008 during the Sri Lanka series, you almost scored a 100 before lunch (at Galle). It was the time when Ajantha Mendis was this mystery bowler that no one could fathom. What was your plan like?
I was picking the ball early. I knew Mendis had three balls. A googly, a carrom ball and an off spinner. Their field set was so attacking that I had a lot of gaps to play my strokes. All I had to do was pick it. I knew if they bowled a googly, their little finger would go up and the moment they did that I stepped out and hit them for four or six. The moment they bent all their fingers, I knew it was an off-spinner. And I was ready for the sweep. Whenever they showed me just the index finger, I knew it was the carrom ball. If you see closely you're picking from their hand.
Sachin Tendulkar never got out to him. They were picking the ball too. Some batsmen pick from the hand, some pick from the pitch. If you do the former you have more time to react.
Somebody like Shoaib Akhtar, did they give you a chance to pick from the hand?
Yes, they had a different technique to bowl a bouncer and different technique to bowl a yorker. And Tendulkar noticed these things and they told me and asked me to watch their videos. Their hand comes in such a way that they bowl reverse-swing or a yorker. Then if it comes from the other direction, then it's a bouncer. We have to be smart. We had to watch videos over and over again to get it right.
Did you and Sachin watch these videos together?
Never. I was watching my videos for enjoyment. I couldn't sit with another player. The video-analyst was there. And our timings were different. Sachin would see them at different times.
How hard is it to pick Saeed Ajmal from the hand?
I played only a couple of balls (of Ajmal) in the World T20. I hit them for a six, a four and then got out to him. So only three balls. But I never had a problem picking him. If you watch their hands, it's about what they do with their fingers. You can easily see when he's trying to bowl a doosra. That's why even when I speak to younger players, I only stress on focusing on the bowler's hand. You will get more information quickly and you will react quickly.
Was any bowler tough to pick for you?
(Muttiah) Muralitharan. Because of their action, it was very difficult to pick their doosra. Sachin once told me that if their thumb is up, they will bowl doosra, but because of their darker complexion, I was never able to spot it. After that I decided whatever and wherever they bowl I will drive through covers or push it towards point. That worked.
But isn't there a risk of edging the ball that went the other way?
And I did. But fielders weren't ready to catch them. Mahela Jayawardene dropped a couple of catches. If you look at my double-hundred in Galle, there were two chances but Mahela couldn't react. Because the ball came too quickly at them. Because I swung so hard and Muralitharan was bowling quick. The edges flew.
How about Mohammad Asif, was they ever a problem?
Advertising
When you are in good form, even a good bowler won't give you a problem. Yes, Asif got me out a couple of times but I hit runs off them also. In helpful conditions, they were tough to handle. Like McGrath. They were on the spot every time.
Researchers Foresee Relatively Quiet Hurricane Season
Researchers at North Carolina State University aren't looking for any surprises with the 2012 hurricane season – they believe that storm activity in the Atlantic basin will be in line with historic averages.
According to Dr. Lian Xie, professor of marine, earth and atmospheric sciences, and collaborators Dr. Montserrat Fuentes, professor of statistics, and graduate student Morgan Lennon, 2012 should see 7 to 10 named storms forming in the Atlantic basin, which includes the entire Atlantic Ocean, the Gulf of Mexico and the Caribbean Sea. This number is slightly lower than the (1950-2010) 60-year average of 10.5 named storms.
Of those named storms, four to seven may grow strong enough to become hurricanes, and one to three may become a major hurricane. For the southeastern United States, there is a 66 percent chance of a tropical storm making landfall this year, but the probability that the storm will be hurricane strength is only 32 percent. There is only a 12 percent chance that a major – category 3 or above – hurricane will make landfall along the coast this year.
As for the Gulf, Xie's data indicate the likelihood of two to four named storms forming, of which one to two will become hurricanes. The researchers expect one to three of the named storms to make landfall along the Gulf, and while there is a 51 percent chance that at least one of those storms will be hurricane strength, the probability of a major hurricane making landfall is only 24 percent.
Xie stresses that although the probability of a major Atlantic hurricane striking the U.S. is expected to be less than 50 percent this year, even relatively minor storms can still cause major damage, particularly inland flooding. Therefore, coastal residents are advised to pay close attention to short-term hurricane weather forecasts as the 2012 hurricane season unfolds.
Xie's methodology evaluates data from the last 100 years on the Atlantic Ocean hurricane positions and intensity, as well as other variables including weather patterns and sea surface temperatures, in order to predict how many storms will form and where they will make landfall.
The Atlantic hurricane season runs from June 1 through Nov. 30. For more details concerning Xie's methodology, input data and predictions, visit the research group's website at: http://cfdl.meas.ncsu.edu/research/TCoutlook_2012.html.
-peake-
Denaun Porter instrumental hip-hop album inspired by jazz musician Robert Glasper.
Porter Chops Glasper is the first in a series of instrumental albums planned from Grammy Award-winning artist Denaun Porter, the producer working as “Mr. Porter” for the likes of hip-hop's Dr. Dre, Eminem, Kendrick Lamar, Busta Rhymes and Snoop Dogg, and worldwide icons like Burt Bacharach, Beyonce and Shakira.
The album is inspired by the music of fellow Grammy Award-winning jazz musician Robert Glasper. Porter explains, “Long story short, I am a fan of Robert Glasper. This project contains samples of music of theirs from the internet, official releases, and even live performances I saw on YouTube. Porter Chops is a representation of when, I feel, the business side of things interfere too much with my creative process.”
In other words, this project represents an emotional release for the Detroit bred admirer of the late J Dilla, who explains that the Detroit icon was most impressed when Porter, “too broke to buy all the records (Dilla) did, chopped up as many beats as I could make out of one.” They further explain: “The first time I got (Dilla's) attention was because of the way I chopped a Minnie Ripperton sample. The sample was very familiar. It was actually the same sample that A Tribe Called Quest used for
7 SHARES Share Tweet
By Lindsay Miller
The Appalachian Mountains bring people from different walks of life together and build a unique community, one with many stories to tell.
Last year about 3,200 people set out to hike the Appalachian Trail. This year, almost 5,000 people will follow in their footsteps, shattering the already groundbreaking number, according to the Appalachian Trail Conservancy.
These people identify as through-hikers — people attempting to hike the Appalachian Trail in its entirety, from Georgia to Maine, in one season. Whether that takes three months or a year, hikers aim to finish the 2,000-mile trail in no longer than a year.
Through-hikers, universally recognized by their peers from their huge packs with sleeping bags attached at the bottom, are generally white, according to a study done by the Outdoor Industry Foundation, but as of recently, more races and ethnicities hike the trail.
The equalizing gender balance can also be seen as a massive victory in terms of diversity on the trail. There are more women hiking the trail solo today than ever before, according to the same study.
Despite the differences, these people all come out for one purpose: to hike the Appalachian Trail.
A dream unrealized by those who wait too long
Florence Miller, 73, hiked through almost every part of the trail in New Hampshire. They began hiking in the White Mountains, part of the Appalachian Trail, with their husband Michael in 1970.
“The second mountain we climbed was Mount Washington, in August of 1970. For years, we went back every August and over time, we climbed the 48 highest peaks, thereby gaining membership in the 4,000-footer club,” they said. They display their accomplishment in their front closet, where worn-down boots are stacked neatly beneath a rack of winter coats.
Despite their age, Miller and their husband still hike regularly. Last summer they hiked a section over Mount Clinton that they had hiked some summers before.
“A hard day's hike leaves me with an honest physical fatigue that is unlike anything else I experience. My muscles ache, but with a good ache. For all my fatigue, I feel alive,” they said.
Miller said they consider the best part of the hike to be when they finally reach the summit of a mountain.
“It's an exhilarating experience. Climbing that mountain, I become part of it, in a way. I am closer to nature than I am at any other time. On a clear, crisp day, the views are spectacular. You can see way off into other mountains and into valleys. You are literally on top of the world.”
Miller, a retired communications director from West Chester, Pennsylvania, talks eagerly about their hiking experiences, always ready with a story no matter the question asked.
One story took place in 2013, when they were dining in the Appalachian Mountain Club facility with their husband. It was there that they encountered a young hiker that had injured them hip.
“We asked the young woman what they considered the most difficult part of the trail thus far, expecting them to name a section of the White Mountains that they had already traveled. Instead they named this cliff at the Lehigh Water Gap. We were astounded and assured them that we had hiked that cliff often. They dissolved into laughter and said ‘you hiked that for fun?' Well, yes, we did.”
Despite their many stories, they do regret one thing: not hiking the entire 2,000 miles.
“For years they dreamed of hiking the entire trail,” they said about their husband. “I was not especially enthusiastic about it, although I suspect I would have joined him. Lots of people still do it at our age, but we are not in the physical condition to try it. So it will go down as a dream unrealized. I'm kind of sorry now that we never did try.”
Trail magic strikes
Tim Black through-hiked the Appalachian Trail in 2003 at the age of 30, accomplishing a dream they had since they were 13. Now in their early 40s, Black works as the director of retail for the Trail Magic Festival, a festival geared toward hikers attempting the Appalachian Trail.
The festival takes its name from official hiker lingo itself, a sort of unlooked-for phenomenon hikers occasionally experience while on the trail.
“Occasionally you'd kinda be walking down the trail whether it was in the south or up in New England and you'd run across, like, some nice people who have either through-hiked or just really love the trail community and they would be out there cooking hot dogs or hamburgers,” Black said.
Trail magic comes in all different forms, whether it is someone cooking for hikers or just leaving some water bottles in a cooler along the trail. Hikers give thanks by cleaning up after themselves.
“It's just unexpected good graces from someone that's not on the trail. Unlooked-for help, basically, or unlooked-for food,” Black said.
Students paving the way
Walter Vozzo, a first-year student at UNC Asheville, conquered part of the trail in 2012 with Boy Scout Troop 398. Just fresh out of their first-year student year in high school, they hiked 51 miles of the trail between Spivey Gap and Hot Springs, both in North Carolina.
Vozzo, an EcoRep at the Student Environmental Center at UNCA, said they admired the beauty of the trail and appreciated the biodiversity they did not experience in their home of Raleigh.
Despite this, the trail still had its challenges, this time in the form of disease.
“It was hard because six out of eight of us contracted Norovirus from a McDonald's that we ate at on the way up and it spread through the group,” Vozzo said.
The disease struck during the middle of their second night, about 36 hours into the trip, Vozzo said.
“It was accompanied by violent vomiting that purged your entire stomach several times a day, so hydration and maintaining energy was hard,” Vozzo said.
“I believe I was infected when I was thrown up on while sharing a tent with the first two victims. That made it hard and made us all consider getting off the trail and giving up several times – and two of us did – but we made it through,” Vozzo said referring to the highly contagious vomit.
04/05/2016
TheOneAboveU Profile Blog Joined February 2011 Germany 2019 Posts Last Edited: 2013-01-19 12:22:21 #1
Ladies and gentlemen, zerglings and queens, protoss and... well, all the others not mentioned.
The HomerJ Show and ESET are very proud to introduce you to our second cup series in this year.
After the successful ending of the ESET Summer Masters 2012 with an offline final between and held at the ESET/XMG stage in Cologne during gamescom, we spent a lot of time collecting feedback, ideas and money to improve the whole series for the viewers as well as the players. So finally, with all those important things done, we present:
The ESET Winter Masters 2012!
Qualifier:
12 Ranked Qualifier (RQ), with 200$ prizemoney each (150$ for the winner, 50$ for the second place)
the top 16 players of each RQ will earn qualification points
after the RQ series, the 12 players who earned the most points, will advance to the Grand Final Online (GFO)
after the RQ series, the 12 players who earned the most points, will advance to the Grand Final Online (GFO) 3 Direct Qualifier (DQ), also with 200$ prizemoney, but only the winner will advance to the GFO
Grand Final Online:
15 qualified players of the RQ and DQ and the winner of the ESET Summer Masters 2012 ( Ai.Tarra) will face their respective opponents in a bo3 single elimination bracket
( Ai.Tarra) will face their respective opponents in a bo3 single elimination bracket the top 8 players will advance to the Grand Final in Hamburg
Grand Final in Hamburg:
the offline Grand Final will be held in Hamburg/Germany with live audience in attendance
Ro8, Ro4 will be bo5, the Grand Final will be bo7
Location: Magnus Hall, Amsinckstr. 70, 20097 Hamburg (Germany)
Now the interesting part for most of you:
Prize Pool:
Qualifier:
250$ for each of the 12 Point Qualifier (1st place 175$, 2nd place 75$)
+ 250$ for each of the 3 Direct Qualifier (1st place 175$, 2nd place 75$)
= 3.750$
Grand Final:
1st: 5.000 $
2nd: 2.500 $
3rd: 1.500 $
4th: 1.000 $
5th: 600 $
6th: 600 $
7th: 400 $
8th: 400 $
= 12.000 $
Mappool:
HomerJ Ohana
similar to Ladder edition
HomerJ Daybreak
similar to current GSL edition
HomerJ Cloud Kingdom
similar to Ladder edition
HomerJ Entombed Valley
cross spawn only, GSL-similar
HomerJ Antiga Shipyard
cross spawn only, no gold
HomerJ Abyssal City
similar to current GSL edition
Casters:
German: HomerJ
English: ZeddSC
French: GameCreds
Polish: EmScTv
Russian: Knoxville
Spanish: SavageTV
Dates:
1. RQ: Thursday, Oct 18 4:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
2. RQ: Monday, Oct 22 4:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
3. RQ: Thursday, Oct 25 4:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
4. RQ: Monday, Oct 29 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
5. RQ: Thursday, Nov 01 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
6. RQ: Monday, Nov 05 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
7. RQ: Thursday, Nov 08 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
8. RQ: Monday, Nov 12 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
9. RQ: Thursday, Nov 15 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
10. RQ: Monday, Nov 19 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
11. RQ: Thursday, Nov 22 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
12. RQ: Monday, Nov 26 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
1. DQ: Thursday, Nov 29 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
2. DQ: Monday, Dec 03 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
3. DQ: Thursday, Dec 06 5:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
GFO: Saturday, Dec 15 3:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00)
GFiH: Saturday, Jan 19 1:00pm GMT (GMT+00:00) Doors: 11:00 CET - 13:00 CET, show starts: 14:00 CET
Region:
All confrontations will be held on the European Battle.net-Server.
Sign-In/Rules/contact:
You can sign in at our Cup Area: » www.eset-masters.de/index.php?show=cups
The Rules are here: » www.eset-masters.de/index.php?show=rules
There are also the series rules and further information: » www.eset-masters.de/
Liquipedia:
ESET Winter Masters 2012 Ladies and gentlemen, zerglings and queens, protoss and... well, all the others not mentioned.The HomerJ Show and ESET are very proud to introduce you to our second cup series in this year.After the successful ending of the ESET Summer Masters 2012 with an offline final between ESCDaisy and Ai.Tarra held at the ESET/XMG stage in Cologne during gamescom, we spent a lot of time collecting feedback, ideas and money to improve the whole series for the viewers as well as the players. So finally, with all those important things done, we present:The ESET Winter Masters 2012!250$ for each of the 12 Point Qualifier (1st place 175$, 2nd place 75$)+ 250$ for each of the 3 Direct Qualifier (1st place 175$, 2nd place 75$)= 3.750$1st: 5.000 $2nd: 2.500 $3rd: 1.500 $4th: 1.000 $5th: 600 $6th: 600 $7th: 400 $8th: 400 $= 12.000 $HomerJ Ohanasimilar to Ladder editionHomerJ Daybreaksimilar to current GSL editionHomerJ Cloud Kingdomsimilar to Ladder editionHomerJ Entombed Valleycross spawn only, GSL-similarHomerJ Antiga Shipyardcross spawn only, no goldHomerJ Abyssal Citysimilar to current GSL editionGerman: HomerJEnglish: ZeddSCFrench: GameCredsPolish: EmScTvRussian: KnoxvilleSpanish: SavageTV Writer also known as TripleM | @TL_TripleM
The M901 ITV (Improved TOW Vehicle) is a United States Army armored vehicle introduced into service in 1979, and designed to carry a dual M220 TOW launcher. It is based on the ubiquitous M113 Armored Personnel Carrier chassis. The M901 ITV is no longer in service with the US Army.
Equipment [ edit ]
The M901 ITV provides the crew and weapon system protection from small-arms fire and artillery fragments. The squad leader has a 270-degree range of view through the squad leader's periscope (SLP). The turret launcher has the capability for day and night acquisition and tracking of targets, and it provides firing coverages of 360 degrees in azimuth and +35 to −30 degrees in elevation. The ITV has stowage provisions for tripod-mounted TOW components configured so the ground system can be dismounted and set up in three to five minutes. In addition, the ITV is completely amphibious and is air transportable. It has the following characteristics:
A hydraulically and electrically powered "hammerhead" turret, attached to a modified M27 cupola, that can be operated manually.
A complete M220-series TOW weapon system stowed and strapped in fixed mounting brackets. The daysight tracker and nightsight (AN/TAS-4 or AN/TAS-4a) are mounted in an operational ready state at the head of the turret. The missile guidance system is also connected at the base of the turret.
A dual M220 TOW launcher.
M243 smoke grenade launchers.
A 3x acquisition sight with a 25-degree field of view.
Remote actuators that allow daysight tracker and nightsight adjustments.
A machine gun mounted on a traversing rail.
The system is capable of firing two missiles without reloading and carries ten TOW rounds in the missile rack. Reloading is performed under armor protection and is accomplished by tilting the launching apparatus back so that the crew can reach the turret through the carrier's rear roof hatch. The missile launcher targeting head is at the end of a pivoting arm which raises the launcher assembly for firing. When stowed, the turret is aimed down and to the rear of the vehicle. A major limitation of the M901 is that it is practically unable to move while the turret is in firing position, and unable to fire while it is in the stowed position. A common work-around is to move the vehicle while the turret is in the loading position, thereby reducing the amount of time to get the turret in a fire position as opposed to the stow position. Moving from the firing to the stowed position is a procedure that takes several seconds and some skill on the part of the operator.
Variants [ edit ]
M901 , employs the M220A1 TOW
, employs the M220A1 TOW M901A1 , employs the M220A2 TOW 2
, employs the M220A2 TOW 2 M901A3, employs the M220A2 TOW 2 and incorporates the RISE powerpack and improved driver controls of the M113A3.
Operators [ edit ]
Map with former and current M901 operators in blue
Current operators [ edit ]
Former operators [ edit ]
Similar vehicles [ edit ]
The M981 FISTV (Fire Support Team Vehicle) armored vehicle is based on the M901 ITV and closely resembles it, in a deliberate effort to make it less conspicuous on the battlefield.[citation needed]
The NM142 is a similar vehicle used by the Norwegian Army.
The YPR-765 PRAT uses the same turret as the M901 but on the hull of the AIFV, an improved M113.
The M1134, based off the Stryker, is the current armored tank destroyer of the U.S.
Wow, just wow. My secret Santa is amazing. I said in my profile that I'm getting married soon so anything to help me do my makeup for the day of, or any time really would be highly appreciated.
My Santa sent not one, but two packages! They said being a guy they didn't know what to get but they hit it out of the park.
I received a case of makeup that has pretty much everything you could want and I got my new holy grail mascara that I would have never purchased for myself before. This stuff is amazeballs. I love it.
Thank you, thank you, thank you Santa. I hope the gifts you receive for your friend turn out to be just as awesome as what you got me.
poll
While watching the Zoo season finale, they used the song "What's Going On?" by 4 Non Blondes. And I got the damn tune stuck in my head. Not because the performance there was that thrilling. But because they had done it much better on the Sense8 episode "What's Going On?".Sense8 series writer J. Michael Straczynski does many things. But one of the things that strikes me in retrospect is how they manage to do memorable. They did it on the 80s Twilight Zone, whether it was a dog statue coming to life to defend a battered wife, or creatures on the other side of stained wallpaper reaching through.He did it on Babylon 5, with the kind of quotable lines from scenes, lines that find themselves on s.f. convention t-shirts. Lines like "Ivanova is always right. I will listen to Ivanova. I will not ignore Ivanova's recommendations. Ivanova is God." (Okay, it's a very large t-shirt.)I think sometimes the art of writing memorable scenes is lost on many TV writers. There are shows that still produce memorable moments: Supernatural comes to mind. But for the rest... well, The Whispers comes to mind. There are a few scenes that stick out, like the circle of children pointing at Minx. But so much of it is… homogenized.On the other hand, you have writers who produce scenes that are only memorable because they're bad. Like most of Under the Dome.Also, Straczynski and the Wachowskis have a knack for writing good fight scenes. How many recent fight scenes stick out? There was the single-shot Daredevil hallway fight, and...? The best fights are those that show you something about the participants. Daredevil demonstrates they can't be stopped. When was the last time Ichabod on Sleepy Hollow, or Sam and Dean on Supernatural, "demonstrated" a character attribute during a fight? Not after the fight, not before the fight, butthe fight?Not surprisingly, Sense8 is filled with what I consider memorable scenes. You have to wait for them, and over 12 episodes it's quite a waiting game. But there are a few gems buried there. Here are what I consider the best, rate them as you will:This is a beautifully directed scene that blends in a MMA underground fight with a Nairobi gang battle in the noontime sun.Watch the video. See for yourself.Probably the most talked-about "adult" scene in the series so far. What's interesting is that you don't really realize what you're watching at first. You've got two females making love, and two males making love, and two more males along for the ride. Three, if you count the brief bit with Capheus. You're not likely to see that on late-night Cinemax.The fight in the middle of nowhere gives us both Wolfgang and Lito at their best and worst. Wolfgang has planned the whole thing out, but can't bring themselves to lie to Steiner because Steiner reminds them of their father. And then Lito steps in, coolly assesses the situation, says that they can lie because that's what they do best, uses their own knowledge of gay men and homophobes to lie to Steiner, and distract them long enough for Wolfgang to grab a gun. And then in a big-movie pump-your-fist moment, Wolfgang grabs a rocket launcher and blasts Steiner away, giving them exactly what's been coming to them for the last few episodes.It's also the flipside of "The Lito Fight" later in the episode.This is a pretty straightforward fight, unlike #1. It's more of a character moment, where the writers and stunt coordinators give the characters some... characterization. Lito the actor is an absolutely lousy fighter, because he's an actor who has had all of their fighting choreographed for them and wireworked. When it comes to actual fighting, they don't have a clue. And Joaquin, who doesn't really emerge as a well-rounded character or villain, even gets a moment with their "You're throwing flowerpots?!?"This isn't necessarily a big characterization moment. But it's one of those incredibly well-choreographed scenes where the Wachowskis juggle an orchestral performance, with reaction shots, with eight separate and different birthing scenes.So a nude guy shows up at your wedding, what do you do? Faint. Even funnier were the follow-up scenes: the best scenes have repercussions. One had Kala praying to Ganesha and wondering why they sent them a vision with such a big... trunk. Another was Wolfgang's follow-up teasing conversation with her.Nobody does quiet conversations between two characters like Straczynski. There are a lot of them scattered throughout, many involving Capheus (see #10 below). But the best is in the museum, when Lito talks about their first meeting with Hernando, Nomi talks about a childhood bullying experience, and together the two bond.Episode 13, and this is where the show finally hits its stride. Starting with Nomi and Amanita instructing Will on setting the rental Porsche on fire to distract the guards. After that, Will strides in and their Cluster mates effortlessly switch in and out, turning the rescue into a Mission: Impossible style assault with Will (and their Cluster mates) as an unstoppable juggernaut. Lito seduces a nurse, Sun casually fights their way through four guards, Kala wakes Riley up, Will themselves punches out the guard getting to the ambulance, Capheus hotwires the engine, and Wolfgang jumps in last to play a game of Chicken against Whispers.They even toss in an "Oh, shit!" moment with Whispers finally making eye contact with Will, after 12 episodes of building them up as a major threat.Who knew the guy from Harry's Law could be so damn (or Damme) good? Capheus doesn't have any huge scenes, but they have a lot of little great ones.Whether he's blowing away bad guys with a missile launcher, or singing karaoke, or taking a break from safecracking to watch the German version of American Idol in the middle of the robbery. Wolfgang is the man.Or maybe you have one of your own. Fill it in here.
Roughly this time last year, I ventured to some of the dubstep sound's founding father's birthday party.
DMZ 8 still stands as one of the most special experiences I've ever had working in our scene – partly thanks to the fact I met Gritsy founder Suraj and photographer Huy Cao. Since meeting them, we've kept in on-off contact as I've followed their efforts as they ventured through the trials and tribulations of promoting a fairly niche sound to the American faithful.
Inspired by a well-penned (if slightly inflammatorily titled) article on Mixmag at the beginning of this year, Huy and I got chatting about ways best to document how America is ‘doing dubstep' in the current climate. We hatched a plan to somehow document the return of Mala and Coki to Houston – but didn't iron out the finer points of how we'd actually do it.
What follows is Huy's experiences from the night DMZ played Gritsy. Huy is known for their photography skills, but he's also put pen to paper (or hand to keyboard) to create their recap. Together, their images and review form what might be the best article to ever grace this site. I hope you enjoy the below as much as I have, reliving the event through Huy's truly, truly brilliant recap…
Some eagle-eyed readers may recognise the green vehicle A.K.A Big Juicy as the one seen in this shot.
Our day started bright and early around 10 A.M. Before any equipment is moved, the first order of business was to have a healthy breakfast consisting of a number of donuts. When the trailer door makes contact with the ground, it signifies the start to a long – but very worthwhile – day. Every night has that magical moment where I just stand back and realise that all the work has definitely paid off. Every set-up day is slightly different, but this one in particular had an air of both excitement and anxiousness as Gritsy would be hosting none other than the Digital Mystikz.
These subs are HEAVY so 3-4 people are REQUIRED.
Loading in usually requires 4-5 people and the number one priority is getting those amazing RCF subs down the rather steep incline without any damage. This is a trial and (and thankfully not much) error-ridden process and notes are always taken to see what can be done to improve efficiency for the next time around. With the help of soft rubber mats and homemade caster boards, this process takes full advantage of the incline and also reduces physical strain on both the equipment and our backs. One by one, the stacks are carefully brought down and loaded into the trailer. Repeat four times.
The ever-welcoming black tooth grin of the Gritsy rig.
Before setting off to the venue, the inventory is all double-checked to make sure everything is loaded. This includes not just the speakers and decks; but also every single cable, stand and anything else that would be required for the night. Gritsy does not have the luxury of just simply showing up at a venue with the equipment ready to go, but I feel like this gives a greater sense of pride and accomplishment when all is said and done. How can one be proud of something if they are not the one to build it?
Suraj leading by example.
Once the equipment arrives at the venue, the process of unloading begins. Once again, top priority is placed on not damaging any of the equipment. On the rather uneven cobblestone sidewalks of downtown Houston and tight confines of the club entrance, there is a lot of room for error. One misplaced push into a metal handrail can mean a damaged sub. Presentation is equally important as performance so we try our best keep all the gear in tip top condition. The one thing that must be avoided is for the night to be over before it even began.
This area will eventually become the DJ booth. The subs are placed facing away from the street to avoid further noise complaints. This was learned the hard way.
The windows are reinforced to prevent any unwanted vibrations and to also keep the sound within the venue.
Sound-insulating curtains are also put up to keep the sound inside of the club and to provide a private area for the artists to have some time to themselves before performing.
At this point, the decks and the rig haven't even been set up – but that's okay. These preventative measures are the top priority as they are the deciding factor in how loud the rig can be turned up. What's the point in having a rig like this if it can't be flexed to its full potential by none other than the Digital Mystikz? All of this has to be taken down at the end of the night but that is a non-issue. Extra work in the beginning, to prevent potential headaches later on in the night, is always worth the effort.
John The Third begins to prep for soundcheck as soon as everything is set. They control the rig remotely via a mixture of the iPad and some wizardry.
Fast forward a few hours and most of the heavy lifting has been done. The decks have been set up, the subs centered and locked into place, the tops and monitors mounted and all cables have been neatly organised to make the space as clutter free as possible. Of course, we had to match the Velcro straps to the color of the caster boards. It's not something that can be easily noticed but it definitely makes for a more photogenic rig.
As I was taking these photos, I was informed that the Digital Mystikz were on their way to the venue. This was it. The whole afternoon's worth of work must now be approved by our special guests. The soundcheck also provides an opportunity to alleviate any potential issues with the decks, mainly vibrations, since we all know how fickle dubplates can be.
Look, listen, and feel (on the rig) but never touch.
When the guests of honour arrived, so did the moment of truth. Mala picked out a few records and played them while John The Third adjusted various settings to optimise the sound system. After about 20-30 minutes, there were no longer any issues to be found. Suraj and I looked at each other and we simultaneously breathed a sigh of relief (coupled with even more enthusiasm for the night to come). It really was a pleasure to hear those tunes being played at their maximum potential in an empty club. It will be even better to see their effect on a packed club. It was now about 6:00 P.M. and part 1 of our day was officially done…
The (un)official Digital Mystikz seal of approval.
I love to capture the small details that many attendees do not see.
After a quick trip home to relax and clean up, it was straight back to the venue. Time was of the essence as Mala and Coki were billed for a 3 hour set. This meant less time to find the perfect camera settings and more internal pressure to “warm up”, especially given this was my first time shooting an event since October 2013. As I did some typical shots, my confidence grew and I felt like I was finally ready to capture the night.
The best way to build confidence is to shoot complete strangers when they are least expecting it.
The second best way comes courtesy of some liquid courage aka bravery gravy by way of a Gritscle. Tastes like candy, hits you like a train.
There was a definite air of excitement and anxiousness as the evening drew closer to the 23:00 hour that marked Mala and Coki taking over the controls. I stopped shooting about 10 minutes before they came on and just observed the room. The crowd grew denser by the minute. Those sitting down began to stand up, those who were outside slowly made their way in and the soldiers at the front stood firmly holding their ground. It was that time and everyone in the room knew it. One last check on the camera settings and it was time to go.
One of the most recognisable silhouettes in the scene.
As Mala selected the first tune, I snapped the first image of him. While this was happening, the crowd can hear chanting loud and clear, but Mala seemed to be in their own world and I did not want to disturb that. To me, a photographer must be invisible in order to get the best result. It is one part art, one (maybe two) parts voyeurism.
Nonverbal communication speaks volumes!
A sense of moment creates a more dynamic image.
As the night went on, I watched John The Third make small subtle tweaks to the system and the effect it had on the crowd. The more the rig was turned up, the more people began to let loose. It felt as if everyone simultaneously released all the stress of their Monday through Friday lives and took on their Saturday night persona. Some danced their heart out, some went eyes down, and a select few simply stared in amazement.
Tune after tune, the vibe was reaching new levels. It was also a pleasure to see that Mala and Coki were thoroughly enjoying themselves, sometimes even dancing more than those in the crowd. Those tense moments of potential technical issues were long gone. The system was sounding great, the tables had no issues with Mala's dubs and everyone was loving every bit of it. This was the moment when I realised that the whole day's work had been worth every minute.
One of the personal highlights for me was hearing the Dread VIP. It was promptly given the rewind treatment of course.
Once again, look, listen, and feel (on the rig) but never touch.
Three and a half hours passed very quickly and it was almost time for the night to finish. I was a bit sad the night had to end but also extremely happy that I had the opportunity to document such an incredible event. I didn't take as many photos as I could have, because honestly sometimes it's just better to put the camera down and enjoy the moment.
As Mala announced that they were only able to play one more tune, a collective groan was let out by the crowd. However, it couldn't have ended in any better fashion than this:
Lighters up.
So that wraps up my wrap up of Digital Mystikz at Gritsy. I hope you have enjoyed this little bit of insight into what goes on behind the subs (so to speak). Thank you to Wil “One L” Benton and the rest of the FKOF goons for giving me the opportunity to put my thoughts into words.
Also, a huge thank you to all Gritsy staff – and the attendees – for making Gritsy what it is. See you at the next one so we can do this all over again.
-Huy
Images and words by the astounding Huy Cao.
Huy and Suraj recently spoke to Trusik. Read the interview here.
@gritsyhouston
facebook.com/gritsy
soundcloud.com/gritsy
Please share your thoughts on Huy‘s Gritsy review via the footer below or get in touch with FKOF via email, Twitter, or Facebook.
In the world of college football, staying stagnant puts you behind. If you aren't trying to get bigger, strong and faster on the field, you're lost.
But you're also going to suffer if the environment surrounding your program isn't sparkling and dazzling to look at.
That's why stadium expansion is running rampant and why video scoreboards are getting bigger, brighter and bolder. High-definition screens have grown and more entertaining videos and graphics have made it into college football stadiums.
Fans love what's happening on the field, but looking up and seeing all those detailed pixels rounds out the game-day experience.
But does size really matter? Do we really care how large JumboTrons are? Do fancy graphics bring you to more games?
For athletic departments, the answer is a resounding yes, or they wouldn't bother. A massive big screen also looks pretty nice on all those recruiting visits.
They might be obnoxiously big and a little unnecessary, but we love them all the same. Here are the 10 biggest and most entertaining scoreboards in college football:
The video board at Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium is 55 feet tall and 134 feet long. Karl Wright/USA TODAY Sports
1. Texas: Well, there's one thing that Longhorns fans can cheer about: That enormous video board that basically takes up one side of Darrell K Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium. The board stands 55 feet tall and is 134 feet long, measuring around 7,370 square feet. Texas' board has been the largest in college football since 2006 (see Texas A&M below) and has a beautiful pixel pitch (the distance between pixel clusters, is a measure of high definition) of 20mm and native resolution of 2064-by-848. Texas' gigantic LED board provides fans with a bodaciously big Bevo. That screen should also really make Charlie Strong's muscles pop!
Texas A&M's new scoreboard will be the biggest in college football. Courtesy of Texas A&M Athletics
2. Texas A&M: They say that everything is bigger in Texas, and that's exactly what the Aggies are getting with their new video board at Kyle Field. Rival Texas had the country's largest video board. But with Texas A&M throwing $450 million into stadium renovations, it only made sense that the Aggies' brain trust best the Longhorns. This board could be No. 1, but since we haven't seen it live, second place is where it goes. The Daktronics 13HD LED video board will be the first in college football to have 1080 resolution (that's 1,080 lines that create the image). It will sit in the south end zone, measure 47-by-163 and have nearly 300 more square feet (7,661) than Texas' big board.
3. Arkansas: It might not have the largest square feet (6,286), but it's actually the longest video board in the country at 166.3 feet. And it stands 37.8 feet tall. With strong player introductions and graphics, there has been plenty to take Razorbacks fans' minds off of the subpar play exhibited by their team over the last two seasons. The massive SMARTVISION video display creates a dazzling backdrop behind the north end zone while standing atop Arkansas' indoor practice facility.
The scoreboard at the L.A. Coliseum is 150 feet by 40 feet (6,000 square feet). Cal Sports Media via AP Images
4. USC: Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum is iconic in its own right, but the construction of its video board in 2011 gave the stadium a high-tech reboot. With a native resolution of 3,000-by-792, the Coliseum's board brings the Troy faithful one of the nation's best pictures at the size of 150 feet by 40 feet (6,000 square feet). It's currently the fifth largest video board in the country. What really gives it life is the raucous and impressively entertaining pregame player entrance that fills the board just before each home game.
The scoreboard at Sun Life Stadium is the third largest in college football. AP Photo/Paul Spinelli
5. Miami: The Hurricanes and their fellow students might have to travel some 20 miles from their Coral Gables campus to Sun Life Stadium in Miami Gardens, but it's well worth it when they see what the stadium's big screen is packing. Before Texas came along, Sun Life owned the nation's biggest board. Now Miami sits in third place on the list, with a screen that measures 6,717 square feet (138.5-by-48.5). That's a very big Al Golden.
The scoreboard at Arizona is also Xbox compatible, making for an impressive game of Madden. Chris Morrison/USA TODAY Sports
6. Arizona: The video board inside Arizona Stadium is 5,264 square feet (112-by-47), but there's more to it than just the size. When it was constructed 2011, Arizona's administration decided to make it more than just a fan experience; they created a player and recruit experience. This bad boy not only introduces players and coaches in high quality, it also is Xbox compatible. Is it necessary to play video games on a screen with 1,728-by-720 resolution? Absolutely not, but it's awesome just the same.
As if one giant video screen wasn't enough, Mississippi State is building another across the stadium. Courtesy of Mississippi State
7. Mississippi State: Back in 2008, the school used $6.1 million to construct a true HD board that spans the roof of the Leo Seal M-Club Center in the south end zone of Davis Wade Stadium at Scott Field. This behemoth stands 152 feet wide by 135.6 feet tall, with a main HD screen stretching 111 feet by 47 feet. When that thing lights up at night and the cowbells are clanking, you feel like some mythical creature is going to slither out of that pigskin sanctuary.
The video board at Oklahoma will soon be expanding from its already-impressive size. Jackson Laizure/Getty Images
8. Oklahoma: It's only natural that “Big Game Bob” has a big-game board. It's barely shorter in length than Arkansas' monstrosity (166 feet) and is very aesthetically pleasing with its 3,168-by-600 resolution. And soon it will get bigger. A planned $370 million renovation of Gaylord Family-Oklahoma Memorial Stadium will make the video board 8,750-square feet, up from 5,146-square feet.
In 2012, Michigan State increased the size of its scoreboard by nearly tenfold. AP Photo/Al Goldis
9. Michigan State: Talk about an upgrade. When the school decided it was time to expand its puny scoreboard in 2012, the size grew from 567 square feet to a massive 5,300 square feet. It was a part of a $10 million project to upgrade the entire stadium's viewing experience. This gives a whole new meaning to The Big Green
The scoreboard at Ohio Stadium also features 25 speakers on each side. Joe Robbins/Getty Images
10. Ohio State: The Buckeyes' high-def Panasonic scoreboard measures 42 feet by 124 feet and has an array of 25 speakers on each side. You get great picture quality along with fantastic sound. The fans also are offered some pretty neat extras, like videos of student-athletes and teams, interactive features with former Buckeyes and quality player introductions.
Honorable mentions
Baylor: McLane Stadium's seating capacity might be shrinking, but the JumboTron is growing. The board at the new stadium will measure 47 feet high by 107 feet wide and will feature a 15 HD pixel layout this fall.
Minnesota: It measures 48 feet tall by 108 feet long, but what really sets it apart is the fact that it displayed YouTube sensation “Dramatic Gopher” to distract Wisconsin kicker Jack Russell last fall. The gopher went 1-for-2 in distractions on the day.
South Carolina: The atmosphere already is electric enough before and during games, but add a 4,464-square-foot crowing rooster and it's quite the image.
CTV Montreal
Montreal Canadiens defenceman PK Subban is donating $10 million to the Montreal Children's Hospital Foundation.
The star player is also making a seven-year fundraising commitment to the hospital, and has been named as a member of the hospital's board of directors.
The philanthropic commitment is the largest ever by a Canadian athlete.
To mark the donation the atrium of the new hospital is being named after the player, and a sign for the Atrium P.K. Subban was installed earlier this week.
The entire Subban family attended the ceremony, and their older sister Nastassia, the first family member to speak, opened with some remarks in French.
"We strongly believe that through service to others, children can maximize their potential and create a better world," they said.
Last year Subban signed an eight-year, $72 million contract with the Canadiens.
"Last year Montreal made a long-term commitment toward me. Now it's my turn to make an engagement to Montreal," said Subban. “My love for Montreal is why I wanted to make a significant contribution to this city and this province.
"Montreal has become my second home. Montrealers have taken me into their hearts for the past five years that I've been here... and I hope to remain here for a very, very long time."
Speaking in French, Subban said they were inspired by another famous Canadien, Le Gros Bill.
"I idolize Jean Beliveau. I want to walk in their footsteps," said Subban, telling their widow Elise that they hope their acts would make their husband proud.
"I am proud to walk in the footsteps of my idol Jean Beliveau by giving back to the community and feel privileged to be able to help transform the lives of sick children and their families."
Seeing my name in the atrium gave me goosebumps! It's an honor to be able to partner with #MontrealChildrensHospital. pic.twitter.com/MlG0hS10ny — P.K. Subban (@PKSubban1) September 16, 2015
Subban said their donation is not about hockey, but about their goals in life and making a larger mark upon the world.
"I'm not a hockey player, I'm just a guy who plays hockey, and someday I won't play hockey anymore," they said.
"Every time you walk into this hospital, you'll know what I stand for.”
Subban's father Karl agreed the donation falls in line with their son's goals.
“PK has two goals every day; to be a better hockey player and to be a better person,” they said.
Montreal's Children's Hospital Foundation chair Greg Rocos said the donation will help the hospital substantially.
“This is big for us this allows us to do a lot of the extras that are needed to become world class,” they said.
Subban said they will also sit on the foundation's board and become the spokesperson for it.
“I have made a promise to these kids. You'll be seeing a lot more of me,” they said. “Everybody needs the help, right? That's all I'm trying to do – help as much as I can.”
Hockey players in Montreal have a history of making donations to hospitals, and taking other actions to cheer up sick children.
Former team captain Saku Koivu, and current player Max Pacioretty have both made donations to the Montreal General Hospital.
In addition, every year players from the hockey team visit children in hospitals.
Ofcom broadband and mobile checker app
Our free app will help you get the best from your internet connection, whether you're at home or on the move.
The mobile and broadband checker app lets you:
Easily check indoor/outdoor mobile coverage and availability for voice, 3G and 4G services from all major providers.
View broadband availability and speeds for any UK address.
Quickly test the performance and speed of your mobile or broadband connection.
Get tips on how to improve your internet connection or mobile coverage.
Download it for free to your smartphone or tablet or you can use the mobile and broadband checker directly from a web browser from computers and other devices.
How do I check mobile and broadband coverage?
Tap the “check availability” option on the app's home screen.
Mobile - you'll find out the availability of voice, 3G and 4G services from your operator, and all others, in your current location. You can check both indoor and outdoor service coverage.
Broadband – the app will show you the speed (download and upload) and availability of broadband services at your current location.
You can also view the availability of mobile and broadband services using the interactive availability maps.
How do I run a test?
To check your broadband performance, connect your device to your Wi-Fi network and select “run a test” within the app. It will then run a series of tests to check how well your Wi-Fi is performing.
If it finds any problems with your Wi-Fi or broadband connection, the app will provide tips on how you can improve performance.
To get a complete view of your household's performance, we recommend running multiple tests in different locations, at different times and on different devices.
The fixed broadband data available in the apps and our online checker is also available via an API (https://api.ofcom.org.uk/). The mobile data will be available via an API from late December 2018.
For further information about the app and its functionalities, read our FAQs.
The Trust Project is a collaboration among news organizations around the world. Its goal is to create strategies that fulfill journalism's basic pledge: to serve society with a truthful, intelligent and comprehensive account of ideas and events.
By signing up you agree to receive email about events, articles, offers, and the impact of The Walrus in your community. You can unsubscribe at any time.
A team huddle at the 2013 Canadian Ultimate Championships in Vancouver. Jeff Bell / Ultiphotos
In July 2013, at the World Under-23 Ultimate Championships in Toronto, the national women's teams from Japan and Canada faced off in a highly ­anticipated semifinal match. The Japanese squad, known for its coordinated pre-game warmups and sing-song cheers, had a playing style characterized by precise execution and quick disc movement. By contrast, the U23 Canadian team was known for its aggressive, go-deep, high-risk approach.
Podcast Listen to an audio version of this story
For more Walrus audio, subscribe to AMI-audio podcasts on iTunes.
I was coaching the mixed team at the tournament and was in the stands that day. Ultimate—often referred to as ­Frisbee by the same people who infantilize table tennis by calling it Ping-Pong—has been my sporting passion for most of my adult life. The game combines elements of football and basketball, but without the goal posts, balls, or ­physical contact. ­Seven players per team move up and down a field, passing a disc back and forth. A player with disc possession must stop moving and pass to someone else within ten seconds. The other team gains possession if the disc hits the ground, gets intercepted, or ends up out of bounds.
Canada took an early lead in that 2013 match. But things changed in the second half when Japan found its groove. Eventually, the teams were tied at 11–11; whoever scored next would advance to the gold-medal match.
With Japan on offence, Canadian co-captain Jordan Meron barely missed a ­diving defensive interception, landing hard on the ground; they quickly righted themselves and gave chase to Saki ­Suganuma, the Japanese player (and captain) who'd caught the disc. Suganuma released the disc before Meron could get back in ­position to defend their downfield passing lane. ­Thankfully, Suganuma's end-zone pass sailed left, out of bounds: Canada would regain possession.
But Suganuma called foul, claiming that Meron had bumped into them as they were throwing the disc. Meron admitted there had been contact—but insisted that it had come only after the disc had already been released.
If ultimate were like every other sport in the world, it wouldn't really matter what Meron or Suganuma thought or said: an ­official would decide. But ­ultimate relies on the principle of “spirit”—a critical concept in ultimate—­according to which the players themselves shoulder responsibility for fair play. There are no referees in international matches, and players are guided by their own conscience when enforcing the rules.
And so, as per the rules of ultimate, there were three options to choose from: (1) Meron could agree that there was a foul, and the disc would be returned to ­Suganuma for a do-over; (2) ­Suganuma could retract the foul call, and Japan would surrender possession of the disc; and (3) the call could be classified as “­contested,” which would mean the disc would be ­returned to Suganuma, but she'd have less time to throw.
When I later reviewed the game tape, I thought it clearly showed the contact coming after Suganuma had released the disc—meaning there should have been no foul call. But I had the benefit of a slow-­motion tape viewing, and human memories and interpretations are notoriously faulty. With a chance at proceeding to the finals on the line, the Japanese player ­stood their ground. The language ­barrier lent the scene a somewhat ­comical quality. ­Suganuma repeatedly indicated, through mimed movements, that Meron had interfered with their throw, and Meron was so desperate to make their case that they lay down on the ground in a bid to ­physically reenact the incident.
As it turned out, one of the Canadian players happened to speak Japanese, and they offered to help translate. But the Japanese team members continued to communicate in their native language. “Faoru tte iinasai” (Say it's a foul), the Canadian remembers the coach yelling. “Demo…” (But…) the Japanese player said. Yet they did as their coach instructed.
In the background, the rest of the players jumped up and down, trying to stay warm and limber. Those of us watching from the stands couldn't tell what was happening, and why the argument was taking so long to resolve. Eventually, the tournament's competition director was pulled into the fray, coaches came over, and a “spirit time out” was called, resulting in a game delay of around fifteen minutes.
First developed by a group of New Jersey high-school students half a century ago, ultimate has always enjoyed a reputation as a haven for ­countercultural types who dislike mainstream jock ­culture. The lack of referees reflects this ethos. ­Contrary to its reputation, ultimate isn't a “hippie sport”: plenty of the ­players I've met are Type A high ­achievers. They train intensely, putting in significant hours in the gym and on the track. But it is true that ultimate players, seemingly more than other athletes, embrace the ­optimistic view that human beings can be counted on to be honest and reasonable.
The game teaches players lessons in conflict resolution and the exercise of ­mutual respect. A non-­profit called ­Ultimate Peace brings Palestinian and ­Israeli youth ­together through the game. ­ReachUp ­Ultimate, a Canadian organization, ­engages Indigenous children and youth in active, healthy living through ­ultimate workshops. In ­Colombia, where soccer and violence are intertwined, the government has flown in top North ­American ­ultimate teams to teach the sport.
The self-refereeing element of ultimate has helped me, too. I'm not playing against my opponents, but playing with them. Without mutual co-operation and respect, there is no game, no sport, no joy. The ultimate mentality has also spilled over into other aspects of my life: I'm more willing to accept other people's perspectives and opinions, recognizing that it is okay for them to be different from my own.
Ultimate's trust-based system works out well almost all of the time. Unfortunately, when spirit doesn't work, it ­really doesn't work: athletes spend more time arguing than playing, and the game becomes unwatchable. To address this problem, some leagues have developed a form of ­quasi-refereeing known as “­observing.” Under this system, the pri­mary responsibility for fair play and ­making calls remains with the players. But in the case of stubborn disagreement, players have the option of asking an “observer”—an official, ­certified position—for a ruling, which is then ­treated as binding.
One league—the ­semiprofessional American ­Ultimate Disc League—has gone even ­further, ­employing a full-blown referee ­model. But such experiments have produced mixed results. Some ­players argue that the presence of a ­referee can, paradoxically enough, ­increase ­cheating—because players no longer feel the need to police their own behaviour. “The refereed game is different,” says Nick ­Menzies. A seasoned player and a decorated member of the Canadian national team for the World Games, Menzies has ­participated in both observed and non-­observed matches. “You know you can get away with things behind the play. There are only four referees on the field, instead of fourteen.”
Mark Moran, the head observer for ­Ultimate Canada, has served for years as an observer in semiprofessional and ­amateur ultimate matches. “I prefer the observed games,” they tell me. “They maintain a fundamental part of ultimate: they are still player-initiated calls. It's not a referee stepping in [of their own accord]. As a third party, you can't feel what the contact was. You only have your [sense of] sight, which means that it all depends on your perspective.”
They concede that refereeing ­offers the advantage of decisiveness and un­interrupted play: calls are made ­quickly, and the play moves on. But they note that the same benefits can be had from ­observers—so long as players are required to decide quickly whether they can reach consensus on any given foul call. ­ ­Personally, I've ­always liked the ­observer style, because it retains the element of personal responsibility, while adding a quick resolution process. ­Refereeing takes that opportunity for reflection and decision making out of my hands.
The 2024 Olympic Games could mark the first time that ultimate is ­included on the roster of official medal events. While I'm excited by the prospect, I doubt the sport will be played in its pure form: the International Olympic Committee will likely require the presence of observers, potentially setting a new standard for the sport everywhere.
While I don't mind having observers at the competitive level, I would prefer to maintain self-refereeing in league and youth play. When rookies are forced to ­police their own behaviour, they learn ­values that all sports should imbue in their players: don't cheat, don't be a jerk, and don't be afraid to call out your own teammates when they're wrong.
As for that game against Japan four years ago, Suganuma ended up keeping the disc, which gave the opponents another chance to score. After yet another dispute—this time about whether a Japanese player had caught the disc inside the end zone—Japan emerged as the victor. Our team's “spirit” was in short supply as the players walked off the field that day. (Japan went on to lose in the finals against a talented American team.)
Still, my love of the game remains strong. Such disputes are rare, and the increasing adoption of observers means they're on their way out. If someone wants to win at a league game of ­ultimate so badly that they're willing to cheat, I don't mind conceding a game to them. But I won't concede the unique character of the sport I love.
Ole Miss lands commitment from 5-star QB Shea Patterson
Five-star QB Shea Patterson announced Tuesday they are committing to Ole Miss. (Photo: Douglas Collier/The Shreveport Times)
Ole Miss has landed its top target in the class of 2016.
Five-star junior quarterback Shea Patterson announced their decision to commit to Ole Miss on Tuesday over finalists LSU, Southern Cal and more than 30 other offers at Calvary High School in Shreveport, La.
Patterson's rankings on recruiting websites vary, but one thing is for sure: He's elite.
Scout.com ranks the 6-foot-2, 190-pounder as the nation's No. 1 quarterback and the No. 7 overall player in the country. Both Rivals.com and 247Sports.com list them as the No. 3 pro-style quarterback.
But dubbing Patterson "pro-style" could be a tad misleading.
"Shea can do a lot of things to keep the play alive, moving around and playing on the run," Rivals.com national recruiting analyst Mike Farrell told the Shreveport Times on Monday. "Shea sees field better when he's outside the pocket. He's getting bigger and taller. He's gone from barely 6 foot and a legit 6-2 filled out kid."
Patterson gives Ole Miss nine commitments in its 2016 class, which will likely vault to No. 1 in the still-early class rankings according to 247Sports.com. Patterson is also the Rebels' second five-star pledge, joining Oxford wideout D.K. Metcalf.
Patterson is expected to graduate high school in December and enroll early.
Patterson committed to Arizona as a first-year student but re-opened their recruitment in the summer before their junior season.
As a junior, Patterson torched defenses for 2,428 yards and paired 38 touchdowns with just three interceptions. They also tallied a 64.8 percent completion rate.
Patterson said throughout their recruitment that having a good relationship with a coaching staff would be the "key" in their decision. They have visited Oxford several times - most recently for the Rebels' junior day at the end of January.
But Patterson's older brother, Sean, provides an interesting wrinkle in their recruitment.
Sean Patterson was hired as a graduate assistant at Arizona after Shea's commitment, then took an offensive quality control coaching position at LSU.
There are rumors that Sean Patterson may be offered some type of offensive job at Ole Miss.
More coming soon.
Read or Share this story: http://on.thec-l.com/1A3859Y
With a few hours left to midnight here in Sweden, I'm thinking about you guys toiling away in the mines, tending your fields, building your houses or scouting a settlement in enemy territory.
I want to thank you all for staying with us this year, and hope that you enjoy the steps Wurm has taken towards becoming what it is destined to. The release of 1.0 has been a huge success, and the future looks really bright:
We still have lots of untested creature models and improvements to release that didn't make it to 1.0.
In general, sandbox (MMO) games are on the rise (as they should be), with new projects on kickstarter every month as it seems.
With the increase in premium players we'll be able to maintain a steady increase in quality. We'll also be able to look at various marketing options and distribution models such as Steam or other partnerships.
I want to share with you a few graphs I think you may find interesting. The first one is the number of premium players graph:
http://jenn001.game.wurmonline.com/mrtg/paying
Normally any increase happens during weekends, and there's a slow decline the first days of a week. As you can see it has a very nice growth since the release.
The next is the number of players on the login server:
http://jenn001.game.wurmonline.com/mrtg/wurm
The most interesting view is the yearly graph at the bottom. It shows a huge increase since Notch's blog post, then a rise during release and a general increase from 4 players taking the tutorial on average any given time up to 12.
The last graph is the retention rate. It's a very new graph I've created. I have no idea how this compares to other games but I think it's pretty common for MMO's to have high numbers here. In our case it shows the number of players who still pay premium out of those who ever paid premium:
http://jenn001.game.wurmonline.com/mrtg/retentionp
Basically, as of today, 24% of the players who ever paid premium for Wurm Online still pays premium. After 6 and a half years. I don't know of any comparisons but it feels pretty out of the ordinary. You can find the underlying figures here:
http://jenn001.game.wurmonline.com/mrtg/retention
That said, we did/do lose a lot of players on the way (we have a conversion rate of approx 5-10% from f2p to premium). The main reason may be that we have spent virtually no time explaining the game to the public and we'll put a lot of effort into doing that in 2013.
From reading various assorted feedback I think it's due to a few factors such as:
Before the release, the game lacked important graphical elements
People don't see goals for themselves which is common in sandboxes. We'll improve on that by offering a few goals early on.
People don't see the scope of the game and think it's only a building/creation game and not the adventure that the Epic servers offer with a strong endgame (which btw will be further improved).
Non-premium players don't understand that they can earn premium membership by offering to work for eachother.
There is a misconception that it is a pay-to-win game which we really do our best to avoid. You're always supposed to be able to earn money in Wurm somehow and if someone pays the traders for something, a large portion of the money goes back to the other players since they purchase stuff for it.
By the way, I have a final graph to show you regarding the economy of Wurm. This one shows the economy of the old Chaos server. When I paste this, it shows that the traders on that server has something like 4 gold coins spare on the lowly populated server. So if you can find and access one of the remotely located ones there's a high probability that it has up towards 10-20 silver coins you can extract by selling items:
http://wild001.game.wurmonline.com/mrtg/economy
It's a benefit of settling on old servers in Wurm that the economy often is stable and there are old deeds paying upkeep which ends up in the hands of the traders that you eventually can extract. Circulation!
Good luck with your Wurming, and Happy New Year!
Rolf
The US government's web of surveillance is vast and interconnected. Now we know just how opaque, inefficient and discriminatory it can be.
As we were reminded again just this week, you can be pulled into the National Security Agency's database quietly and quickly, and the consequences can be long and enduring. Through ICREACH, a Google-style search engine created for the intelligence community, the NSA provides data on private communications to 23 government agencies. More than 1,000 analysts had access to that information.
This kind of data sharing, however, isn't limited to the latest from Edward Snowden's NSA files. It was confirmed earlier this month that the FBI shares its master watchlist, the Terrorist Screening Database, with at least 22 foreign governments, countless federal agencies, state and local law enforcement, plus private contractors.
The watchlist tracks “known” and “suspected” terrorists and includes both foreigners and Americans. It's also based on loose standards and secret evidence, which ensnares innocent people. Indeed, the standards are so low that the US government's guidelines specifically allow for a single, uncorroborated source of information – including a Facebook or Twitter post – to serve as the basis for placing you on its master watchlist.
Of the 680,000 individuals on that FBI master list, roughly 40% have “no recognized terrorist group affiliation”, according to the Intercept. These individuals don't even have a connection – as the government loosely defines it – to a designated terrorist group, but they are still branded as suspected terrorists.
Just like spoiler alerts, I take trigger warnings pretty seriously. Say you have a really huge fear of spiders, and let's say I write an article where hundreds of spiders pop out halfway through. Maybe it would be cool if I wrote something like, trigger: hundreds of spiders.
But people don't use trigger warnings. I never know when one of my triggers is going to jump out at me, turning what should be a pleasant online experience into a twisted version of Russian roulette. It's like, whenever I'm surfing the Internet, if it feels as if I'm a little kid again, and I'm on the family computer playing Minesweeper, only I don't know any of the rules, so why does the game always end abruptly after four or five random clicks? It's a problem. Even serious trigger warnings are often all but ignored. But there are so many more triggers that barely get any attention. Here are 4 triggers that the Internet refuses to take seriously.
1. Really, really needing to pee
Whenever I read anything involving anybody that has to go to the bathroom, but can't, I'm instantaneously triggered. I can feel my bladder starting to swell as I type this sentence. Having to pee really, really badly is no joke. And since all human beings have to pee several times a day, there are just so many opportunities throughout the course of everyday life where the need to go might present itself in a situation where it's just not possible.
I'm thinking in particular about one time I was driving back from upstate with my dad. It was only about a three hour car ride, so when we stopped at a gas station right before hitting the road, I bought one of those ninety-nine cent giant cans of Arizona Green Tea. “You sure you want to drink that?” my dad asked. And I was pissed. Come on dad, I thought. I'm a grown man. I don't need you second guessing what I should and shouldn't put into my body. “I'm just saying, you're probably going to have to pee.” And I just tried to act cool, not making it too obvious how upset I was. Because I know my body. I know that one green tea isn't going to break the seal in only three hours. “I'm good dad, thanks.”
But it was like, immediately as we settled into the car, I felt the seatbelt buckle up over my lap, pinching just ever so slightly tighter than usual. I didn't have to pee, but I could have peed if I made myself. I thought, should I go now? But no, I let pride get in the way. And forty-five minutes later, I really, really, really had to pee. But what could I do? My dad would have said, “I told you not to drink that iced tea.” And he'd never let me forget about it. That was a really tough car ride, and I'd appreciate a heads-up if your Internet article is going to make me take a trip with my dad down memory lane. Seriously, I had to pee like five times since I started writing this.
2. Miracle Whip
I'm looking at you, cooking and recipe blogs. Here's the thing, mayonnaise is the standard. If I'm clicking on a link promising me the best chicken salad sandwich I've ever had in my life, I'm assuming that it's either going to have mayo, or it's going to be one of those weird recipes that tries to push the whole avocado-instead-of-mayo thing, in which case I'll never use one of your recipes again. But every once in a while, the fine folks at Kraft marketing get it in their heads to start paying bloggers to casually drop Miracle Whip instead of mayo. It's not the same. It's far from the same. I need a trigger warning, because Miracle Whip is disgusting, and it scarred me for life.
I can still see it so clearly. I was at a deli somewhere on a road trip. I asked for a sandwich, extra mayo. I unwrapped it and took a big bite, but something wasn't right. What was that taste? And the texture, it felt kind of strange also, like what I imagine paint would feel like on my tongue if I put it in my mouth by the spoonful. Did a whole colony of algae somehow make it onto my cold cuts? I raised my head up from my sandwich to ask the deli guy what was wrong, but my mouth was glued shut. It was horrible. I couldn't chew anymore, but it was like my mouth was paralyzed, like I couldn't get my mouth to spit out what my taste buds were clearly rejecting.
“What's wrong?” the deli guy asked me, noticing my visible distress. “Did I make your sandwich the wrong way? Did you want any more Miracle Whip? I put a lot on there just like you asked me.” I spent the rest of the day puking my brains out. Miracle Whip. Gross. That stuff's not even real. It's not mayonnaise. It's a sandwich spread. It's white. It looks like mayonnaise, from a distance anyway. Actually, no it doesn't. It's not even close. Trigger warning, please.
3. Grammar Nazis
If you're planning on pointing out a grammatical error in regards to something that you read on the Internet, I'd really appreciate a trigger warning, so that way I know to disregard everything you have to say, and to unfriend and unfollow you from all forms of social media.
I get it, we all get it, you know the rules of the English language, and you're not afraid to enforce them in a public setting. I just don't understand it. If you spot someone using your when they should have written you're, or they're and there and their, and you're sitting there thinking, ha, that idiot doesn't know how to write, let me make a snarky comment at the expense of their mistake. Do you feel good about yourself afterward? Does it make you feel better knowing that somewhere out there on the Internet, there's a person who doesn't know everything that you know?
Just give me a heads-up, is all I'm asking. Because I don't have time to sit around and watch you get off at discouraging someone else from even attempting to write. We all make mistakes. That's what spellcheck is theiy're for. Get over it.
4. Brooklyn
Come on, we need to give it a rest already. Seriously, I don't even live there, but it's like every time I say the word Brooklyn, my rent goes up something like two percent. Did you know that Brooklyn has become a global brand? That's what every single news article about Brooklyn parrots back to me at least a dozen times. Brooklyn. So hot right now.
Trigger warnings about Brooklyn would save me so much time and money. Like if we're making plans to hang out this weekend, and you start telling me about a really cool new brunch spot. Or an old-fashioned bowling alley that doesn't have computers to keep track of your score. Or some new basketball team that just moved in from New Jersey. If it's in Brooklyn, you're just wasting my time. Because I'm not taking the G train, OK? I refuse.
“My farmer died.” —Punchline to the old joke about why a USDA employee is weeping at their desk
The ratio of number of farmers to number of U.S. Department of Agriculture employees is forever the butt of jokes. The picture isn't quite that extreme when Forest Service employees and those involved in food aid programs are omitted, but many agencies still can't quite seem to figure out how many employees they have or, as the infamous government shutdown of October 2013 implied, how many are “essential.” Even the number of federal agencies in existence is subject to debate.
Mirroring Regulatory Officers and Task Forces President Donald Trump set up in agencies to enforce their regulatory reform agenda (which includes a freeze, and a requirement that two rules be eliminated for each one added), a new executive order ("Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America") sets up a body to report back in 180 days on regulations and laws burdening America's agricultural sector.
The new order covers issues important to rural America such as broadband access and housing.
But for economic growth in the agricultural, farming and rural sectors, there's plenty for the administration and Agriculture Secretary Sonny Purdue to review during the coming six months.
Let's look at federal regulations from the USDA.
The Office of Management and Budget's (OMB) tally for United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) major finalized regulations up to the present is (only) $1.753 billion (in 2001 dollars), or $2.307 billion in 2013 dollars.
Note that this entire $2.307 billion is a scattering of just eight rules reviewed by OMB compared to a total of 3,025 rules issued by USDA over the relevant 14 calendar years, among which 409 were deemed "significant" under E.O. 12866 according to the Federal Register database. (The detail of those eight rules appears in a table I compiled, Major Rule Annual Cost Detail, OMB Costs and Benefits Reports, FY 2002-Present.)
To these eight official rules, we can add the costs of other USDA rules which OMB compiled, but did not sum. There are (only) six of these quantified, costing roughly some $1.025 billion according to the government.
This means that for all USDA, we have only 14 rules with cost data from the federal government. That's not good, and the task force needs to delve into the rest of USDA doings. Other semi-readily available costs for the task force to examine include USDA's paperwork burden. That's about 127 million hours worth. At $35 an hour, that would amount to $4.46 billion (see Executive Agency Paperwork Burdens).
And, of course, the USDA isn't the only agency whose rules impact agriculture, which the task force will likely note. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) is a big one. A U.S. Farm Bureau chapter fretting over regulation's impact on food prices marveled that
A few years ago, we laughed when we heard that EPA wanted to regulate cow gas. EPA wants to regulate farm dust, regulate milk tanks and require spill prevention plans, classify spray nozzles as point source pollution, threaten to penalize farmers for feeding hay in a pasture hay ring, and so on.
The noted tally of only 14 out of thousands of agricultural rules and regulations by OMB and the capture of some of the paperwork burden obviously leaves out much regulation and activity. The task force will have to look beyond. One source is a coalition roundup of the “Terrible 12” distortionary farm policies highlighting the severe, yet often unquantified, nature of sweeping intervention in agriculture markets. These anti-market interventions consist of:
Direct Payments to farmers Federal Crop Insurance Shallow Loss Programs USDA Trade Promotion Programs Sugar Program Dairy Market Stabilization Program (DMSP) Target Prices Rural Broadband Mandatory Assessments Cotton Program Ethanol Programs Biomass Program
For the moment, we will go beyond OMB's acknowledged 14 rules to consider price regulation's impact in just a couple additional areas. Chris Edwards of the Cato Institute noted the following about agricultural rules regarding milk prices (which don't appear among the rules noted so far).
Because of the controls placed on the dairy industry, milk prices are substantially higher than they would be otherwise, which penalizes millions of American families. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development found that U.S. dairy policies push up the price of milk to consumers by about 26 percent. The U.S. International Trade Commission found that federal dairy policies push up the U.S. price of dry milk by 23 percent, the price of cheese by 37 percent, and the price of butter by more than 100 percent above world prices.
With respect to plain old sugar (incidentally, number five in the “Terrible 12” list noted above), Edwards explained that “The federal government guarantees a minimum price for sugar in the domestic market by maintaining a system of preferential loan agreements, domestic marketing quotas, and import barriers. These policies impose a burden on consumers through higher prices. In recent years, USDA data show that U.S. sugar prices have been more than twice world market prices.”
Quantifying at least a piece of the sugar-regulation picture, food and agriculture consulting firm Promar International finds that “The overall impact of these policies is to force consumers to pay more for sugar than is necessary – about $1.00 for every 5-pound bag. The extra expense to consumers and other sugar users amounts to more than $4 billion a year.” Similarly economist Mark Perry estimated that the cost of the sugar program in 2010 was $4.5 billion.”
A range of other indirect, unquantified distortions also affects the sugar market. Cato's Edwards, referencing a federal study, noted that “The U.S. Department of Commerce released a damning report on the economic effects of U.S. sugar policies in 2006. The report had five key findings:” These are as follows:
U.S. employment in industries that use sugar, such as confectionery manufacturing, is declining.
For each sugar growing and harvesting job saved through high U.S. sugar prices, nearly three confectionery manufacturing jobs are lost.
Sugar costs are a major reason U.S. sugar-using companies have relocated their factories abroad.
Numerous U.S. food manufacturers have relocated to Canada where sugar prices are less than half of U.S. prices and to Mexico where prices are two-thirds of U.S. levels.
Imports of food products that use sugar as an input are growing rapidly.
Note that billions of dollars in costs and distortions of substantial USDA programs like milk and butter and other price restrictions and the rest of the “Terrible 12” items are not included in the federal government's own numbers.
Still other omissions, but categories that should concern Trump's task force, include rules on biotechnology regulation. Examples here include genetically modified crops and organisms (these are regulated by several agencies along with USDA, such as the Food and Drug Administration and the EPA). Certain firm-level data for categories such as development of insect resistant corn total in the millions but are not included above. For example, certain costs of compliance with biosafety regulations in the U.S., not including R&D, product development, or commercialization and marketing costs, are estimated at between $3,180,000 and $12,550,000.
Regulatory concerns affecting the Ag sector are global: Then-Secretary General of EuropaBio in Brussels, Belgium, Willy De Greef, wrote more than a decade ago that for GM crops the “regulatory environment is far more complex and hostile,” and that “a rule of thumb is that regulatory clearance of GM crops absorbs about half of the total product development investment.”
The farming sector is humanity's oldest, yet is increasingly high tech. The Trump agriculture task force should treat it that way, and remove barriers to innovation as a tradeoff for the resistance they will get on removing subsidies.
Image: Flickr/MIKI Yoshihito
If information is power, then DNA is the ultimate weapon.
There's a growing consensus among geneticists that whole genome sequencing—the ability to have your entire genetic code analyzed in detail, and on the cheap—will inevitably reveal things about a person that they did not intend to uncover when they commission a test for, say, Huntington's disease. Moreover, experts agree that having a genetic predisposition for a certain condition does not guarantee that you will be diagnosed with it one day.
Canada is currently the only G7 country without a law to protect people from discrimination based on genetics, but that could change soon. The country is considering a new federal law called the Genetic Non-Discrimination Act that would, among other things, make it illegal for insurers to require that someone take a genetic test, or hand over the results from a previous test, in order to receive health insurance coverage.
Even so, Canadian insurers, who already require detailed health data from their policyholders, are fighting tooth and nail for the right to demand this information from people seeking insurance.
"We just want the capacity to be able to collect information when it is valid and relevant to the risk," said Frank Zinatelli, general counsel for the Canadian Life and Health Insurance Association, during a panel discussion at the International Association of Privacy Professionals conference in Toronto on Thursday.
"This 'just trust us' policy position flies in the face of the underlying concept of privacy: the autonomous control over personal information"
"Trying to remove a prohibition that's been put in place is a political impossibility," Zinatelli continued. "Once you put this in place, you're stuck with what you've got." As genetic testing becomes more accessible in years to come, such a law could have an enormous impact on the industry, they argued.
If policyholders don't have to hand over genetic information, Zinatelli said, people who know they have a genetic predisposition to a disease could game the system and get cheap insurance for what may one day become a major (and expensive) medical problem. "We have one opportunity to make the right call," Zinatelli said, "or we'll be stuck with that risk for the next few decades."
However, the insurance industry really doesn't need someone's entire genome to tell if they are predisposed to fall ill with specific diseases, said Patricia Kosseim, director general of the Office of the Privacy Commissioner (OPC) of Canada. Handing over an entire genetic code creates an unacceptable imbalance of knowledge, and of power, between insurance companies and citizens, they said.
"How equal is that, in terms of information exchange? Is that really the principle of good-faith contract?" Kosseim asked. "This 'just trust us' policy position flies in the face of the underlying concept of privacy: the autonomous control over personal information."
Watch more from Motherboard: The Lost Art of Canada's Doomed Pre-Internet Web
The debate between Kosseim and Zinatelli was heated, potentially because the insurance industry and the Office of the Privacy Commissioner have been duking it out in public for years over the issue of genetic testing.
The OPC released a report in 2012 that concluded genetic indicators have limited powers of prediction when it comes to someone actually getting the disease they are predisposed to, and that a ban on genetic data would not seriously impact the economics of insurance in Canada. The OPC made a formal statement to this effect in 2014.
Also in 2014, the Canadian Institute of Actuaries countered with their own report, stating that the cost of premiums would actually go up overall without genetic information to make appropriate pricing decisions.
Both Zinatelli and Kosseim brought up these reports during the panel discussion.
It's clear that the Canadian insurance industry isn't going to stop its fight to get its hands on all of your genetic information any time soon, but if the Genetic Non-Discrimination Act passes, it will be a moot point. It will be flatly illegal in all of Canada to force you to take a genetic test or to hand over your results to get insurance.
"We don't believe it's constitutional for the federal government to enact [the law]," said Zinatelli. "Whatever the law is, insurers will comply with that, however."
If the act fails, then Canada's top privacy watchdog and the insurance industry will just have to work out their differences.
FINAL HOME GAME SET FOR NOON KICK
Tickets: South Carolina Gamecocks To Host South Alabama on November 22
COLUMBIA, SC Nov. 2014 – The final home game of the 2014 football season for the South Carolina Gamecocks will have a noon kick on Fox Sports South, the Southeastern Conference announced today.
It will be Senior Day at Williams-Brice Stadium when the Gamecocks (4-5) host South Alabama (5-4) on Saturday, November 22. Bob Rathbun and Tim Couch will have the call for FOX Sports South, with Olivia Harlan on the sidelines.
Here are the SEC television selections for Saturday, November 22:
Saturday, November 22:
SEC NETWORK* Noon ET Eastern Kentucky at Florida
SEC NETWORK* Noon ET Charleston Southern at Georgia
FSN Noon ET South Alabama at South Carolina
CBS 3:30 ET Ole Miss at Arkansas
SEC NETWORK 4:00 ET Western Carolina at Alabama
ESPNU 7:00 ET Samford at Auburn
SEC NETWORK* * 7:30 ET Missouri at Tennessee OR
Vanderbilt at Mississippi State
ESPN** 7:30 ET Missouri at Tennessee OR
Vanderbilt at Mississippi State
* One of the two SEC Network noon games will appear on the SEC Alternate
Channel and will be decided after games of Nov. 15.
** Network will be decided after games of Nov. 15. Time will not change.
From major public school districts to leading food suppliers, celebrities, and restaurants, the movement encouraging people to skip meat on Mondays has gained momentum in the last few years.
Latest Vegan News highlights the widespread adoption of Meatless Monday by school districts across the country (150 to be exact): A recent piece byhighlights the widespread adoption of Meatless Monday by school districts across the country (150 to be exact):
This year alone, 25 K-12 school districts, a dozen colleges & universities, seven hospitals, and a handful of corporate cafeterias have adopted these kinds of programs, including Miami-Dade County schools, the Los Angeles Unified School District, Detroit Public Schools, and Houston Independent Schools. That's a lot of plant-strong lunches. Depending on the school and its implementation strategy, meal options can include both vegetarian and/or vegan choices.
Meatless Monday is a great way to get people thinking seriously about the impact of their food choices on their health, the environment, and animals suffering on modern farms.
14th-century scripture found inside Buddha statue. May. 25, 2017 07:17. by Sang-Un Kim sukim@donga.com. A Goryeo Kingdom Buddhist scripture was found on Wednesday inside a Buddha statue at Silsangsa Temple in Namwon, North Jeolla Province.
The Research Institute of Buddhist Cultural Heritage said that it discovered "Daebanyabaramildagyeong," a foldable scripture written in silver letters, inside the head of a seated Budda statue at the temple. There are only four such scriptures found in Korea. Among them, the one found inside the Vairocana Buddha of Girim Temple in Gyeongju, is designated as national treasure No. 959.
The research institute said it found the scripture while putting the Budda statue through a three-dimensional computer tomography (CT) scan. The sutra was written with silver ink on paper made of mulberry tree.
The scripture, a transcription of Volume 396 of the 600-volume Mahaprajnaparamita Sutra, records that it was donated by a person named Yi Jang-gye and their wife. The institute looked up ancient books to find out about Yi, to no avail. "The scripture was made to honor their ancestors and to ward off bad luck," said Lim Seok-kyu, a researcher of the institute.
The Buddha statue was created in the early Joseon period, or in the 14th century. There are about 20 existing Buddhas made in the same way during the Goryeo and Joseon periods. The statue's outer appearance changed due to various repairs. The institute discovered the original form under the gild surface through the CT scan.
The move to legalise gay marriage in Australia is gaining momentum and likely to happen before the end of the year, with another government MP signalling they are willing to cross the floor to support change, and a Liberal senator warning failure to recognise marriage equality would be "political suicide."
On Monday, the federal Liberal MP for Brisbane, Trevor Evans, said they supported a free vote. Their comments are being interpreted by supporters of gay marriage as a coded signal that they would be willing to cross the floor to help bring on a vote and force the issue to be dealt with by Parliament.
Mr Evans - who is openly gay - told News Corp the Coalition should dump its policy to hold a plebiscite on the issue given it has been rejected by Labor and the Greens in the Senate.
the UK pavilion presents a giant aluminium beehive at expo milan 2015
from now until october 31st, 2015, the italian city of milan will host the universal exposition for the first time since 1906. alongside the other 144 participating nations, the united kingdom's contribution to the event is a pavilion born from the theme: ‘grown in britain & northern ireland'. led by UK trade & investment (UKTI), the pavilion has been designed by nottingham-based artist wolfgang buttress, with stage one responsible for construction and manufacturing.
the ‘hive' is a cuboid lattice that forms the centerpiece of the design
all images by hufton+crow
designed to attract those passing along the ‘decumanus', the avenue that connects the entirety of the site, the pavilion consists of five experiential areas: the orchard; the meadow; the terrace; the architectural program; and the ‘hive' – a cuboid lattice that forms the centerpiece of the design.
the structure is sited upon three meter-tall columns
visitors entering the site pass through a vegetated meadow landscape beneath the buzzing and illuminated framework to get a preview of the spectacle above. after passing up a staircase, one accesses the structure's internal sphere from behind, to experience aspects of a live beehive through the architecture's sensorial qualities.
a spherical void is hollowed from the center of the 14x14x14 meter structure
audio-visual devices embedded within the hive allow it to pulse, buzz and glow according to desired effects; including live signals from a real beehive. accelerometers measure the vibrational activity of the bees and these signals are fed into an array of LED lights embedded within the sphere, generating a dynamic representation of the insects' activity. see designboom's previous coverage of the UK pavilion here, including an exclusive behind the scenes look at the project under construction.
audio-visual devices embedded within the structure allow it to pulse, buzz and glow
the pavilion's hive illuminated at night
The rumor mill followed Samsung's choice of chipset for the Galaxy S6 duo in great detail. Leaked benchmarks show that going with its in-house Exynos 7420 chipset was a solid decision. The chipset is built on the company's 14nm process and includes four Cortex-A53 and four Cortex-A57 cores.
The Galaxy S6 scored impressive results in AnTuTu, now the Galaxy S6 Edge has visited Geekbench. Both flagships use the Exynos 7420 and if these scores are correct, they will run laps around Snapdragon 810-based devices.
Qualcomm's intermediate top dog has the same processor setup, 4x A53 plus 4x A57, but is made on a 20nm process. It's really there to tide things over until Qualcomm's in-house CPU designs (dubbed Taipan) are ready.
Here's how the Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge would stack up against some old and current competition. The LG G Flex 2 score is from when we first met the device at CES, so that was on pre-release software.
GeekBench 3
Higher is better
Galaxy S6 Edge (Lollipop)
5375
LG G Flex 2 (Lollipop)
3929
HTC Nexus 9 (Lollipop)
3470
Galaxy Note 4 (Lollipop)
3394
Meizu MX4 Pro
3386
Motorola Nexus 6
3285
Samsung Galaxy S5
3011
HTC One (M8) (Lollipop)
2923
Sony Xperia Z3
2860
LG G3 (Lollipop)
2370
Of course, until we're holding a Galaxy S6 Edge in our hands we can't verify that the score is real. That day is fast approaching, the Galaxy S6 duo will be unveiled in early March.
Source | Via
Investing 101: Start Small and Be Consistent
When the talk turns to investing, many people shut down. “I can't invest, I don't have enough money,” is a common refrain.
The good news is that you don't need a large chunk of capital to start investing. Thanks to today's resources, it's possible to start investing when you have as little as $25. There are even brokerages that will let you invest what amounts to your pocket change.
For some, the idea that it's possible to invest with a small amount of money isn't enough to get started. Another regular excuse I hear about investing is this: “Does investing such a small amount really matter? What difference will it make to invest a few dollars a day?”
Once you understand the power of compound interest, and what's available, you can start to understand that the important thing is getting started — and that consistency over time can lead to a substantial return.
How Much Could You Save Over Time By Investing Now?
It's hard to imagine how a small amount can benefit you over time. Calculate My Wealth created this infographic that describes what you can expect when you start investing your money early on, even if you don't have a lot to invest to start.
Infographic Courtesy of CalculateMyWealth.com
I like this example because it shows how a relatively small amount — $6 per day — can turn into more than $3 million over the course of 45 years. Even if you invest conservatively, you can end up with close to $1 million without every increase that $6 per day investment.
You don't even have to give up your daily coffee (or other pleasure) in order to make this work. Instead, consider what you might be spending money on that you don't actually care about very much. Cut that out of your budget and start investing. The idea is to think about where you are spending your money, and how you use it today, and then devote at least the same amount of money toward your future.
Keep Investing and Increase the Amount You Contribute
Once you start investing, the key is to maintain consistency. Make it a point to invest regularly. Most online brokers let you set up an automatic investment plan that allows you to contribute twice a month or once each month. Take advantage of these plans to help you set your investing on automatic, and earmark the money for investing so you don't wind up spending it on other things. Make investing a priority to start.
After you are comfortable with the amount you are investing, and after your financial situation has improved, start increasing the amount that you set aside. Make it a habit to boost your investing contribution when you get a raise, or when something else happens to improve your finances. If you automatically default to boosting your investment amount in relation to a higher amount of money. If you get a 3% raise, increase your investing by 3%. If you get a windfall, make sure at least part of it is invested.
Consistency over time can change the numbers you see for your nest egg, and it can also change how long you have to keep investing to reach your goals. Calculate My Wealth based their numbers on 45 years of investing. If you increase your contributions over time, there is a good chance that you could hit your goal of $1 million or $2 million without taking nearly so long.
Angry voters from 34 states have now started secession petitions on a White House website intended to let individual citizens express their opinions about the direction of the US government.
Whether these disgruntled folks are just conservatives venting about President Obama's reelection, or whether they really believe they'd have a brighter future in the United State of Georgia, say, is an open question. But they've received a lot of media attention in recent days, to the point where some on the right are asking this question: Are these people just helping the left?
That's because the whole thing goes beyond the appearance of sore losing and nears the outer rings of planet lunacy. It makes conservatives look unhinged and foolish, in this view, setting them up as easy targets for the mockery of liberals. Take Jon Stewart, who on their “Daily Show” Tuesday night said they now understand why so many Southerners still fly the Confederate flag.
“It's like keeping your fat pants after you lose some weight. You're happy for now with the new you, but ..." Mr. Stewart said in a segment titled in part “Whine Country.”
Let's back up a bit, shall we? The White House has a “We the People” forum section on its website that's intended to allow online viewers to start or sign petitions on issues. If the petitions attract enough support, the administration is supposed to respond, although there's enough fine print to allow the Obama team to wiggle out of taking up this issue. It's the administration's website, anyway – not a constitutional convention.
Many of the 34 states that have petitions up are indeed red states won by Mitt Romney, though now voters from some Democratic states, such as Nevada and even Massachusetts, have them up, too. We would not be surprised if angry voters from all 50 states eventually start petitions since there are some irritated citizens everywhere, after all.
The one that's gotten the most attention is the Texas petition, partly because it has the most signatures (more than 95,000 at last check) and partly because it's Texas, and it used to be a separate nation, if you remember. Plus, Gov. Rick Perry (R) has dabbled in light secession hinting in the past.
So Governor Perry should be behind this, right? Wrong. Their spokespeople are out there making clear he's got nothing to do with this drive.
“Gov. Perry believes in the greatness of our Union and nothing should be done to change it. But they also share the frustrations many Americans have with our federal government,” spokesperson Catherine Frazier said in a statement to The Dallas Morning News.
Other conservatives have been blunter in their defense of the integrity of the nation that was kept together by Abraham Lincoln, a Republican. Over at the RedState blog, editor Erick Erickson – no softy, given that they want to oust Speaker John Boehner in favor of Rep. Paul Ryan – scoffs at the whole effort.
“We here at RedState are American citizens. We have no plans to secede from the union. If you do, good luck with that, but this is not the place for you,” they wrote on Tuesday.
At the National Review, Charles C.W. Cooke writes that they share the anger and frustration of many conservatives with the election results, but the answer isn't loose talk of ripping apart the Constitution. It's focusing on continuing to push for a smaller federal government and more individual freedom within the existing federal structure.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
“Talk of secession is asinine, counter-productive, and distracting,” they write.
One of the best pieces of evidence supporting Mr. Cooke's above conclusion is that these petitions are still up. They're on a White House website, remember. If the Obama administration thought this movement truly undermined the White House, don't you think it'd find a reason to take them down?
It's widely known that Facebook is the most popular third-party app on most, if not all, mobile platforms. When it comes to Google's Android platform though, the first mobile media rankings from Nielsen (July 2011) paint a more interesting picture.
The research firm determined each app active reach – the percentage of Android owners who used an app within the past 30 days – by analyzing the data from on-device meters on thousands of Android smartphones. Aside from the Android Market app itself, the five most used apps among US Android users 18 years and older were as follows (in order): Google Maps, Gmail, Facebook, Google Search, and YouTube.
This list means that Facebook was overall the third most-used app on Android, and the first most-used third-party app on Android (the other four are all made by Google). It had a 73.5 percent reach, compared to 90.5 percent for the Android Market. The rankings change quite a bit, however, when we break them down to male and female.
For males, the top five apps were Google Maps, Gmail, Google Search, Facebook, and YouTube. With a 66.9 percent reach, Facebook was the fourth most-used Android app by males, and the most-used third-party Android app by males.
For females, the top five apps were Facebook, Gmail, Google Maps, Google Search, and YouTube. With an 81.0 percent reach, Facebook was not only the most-used third-party app by females, but also the most-used Android app by females overall.
See also:
BEIRUT — Two young men we'll call Karim and Tareq were walking through the streets of Raqqa, Syria, in September 2013 on their second date. They'd just been to a good restaurant, and Karim was excited as Tareq was about to introduce them to their friends. But the night quickly turned ugly when five strangers showed up, put a sack over Karim's head, gagged him, and drove them to an unknown location. Nobody touched Tareq, and later, from their cell, Karim heard their captors and Tareq talk about ransoming them to their family.
Tareq had been posing as a gay man but working with a group linked to Jabhat al Nusra, according to Karim, in order to entrap homosexuals, a not uncommon practice in war-torn Syria. Al Nusra, the anti-Assad militia most closely associated with al Qaeda, had picked up one of Karim's friends and got a list of numbers from their phone to track down other gay people.
While Karim was being held, their captors kept shouting, “Are you with the regime?” And they kept telling them, “No.” They asked if that was the last thing they had to say and threatened them with a sword. Karim demanded to know the real reason behind their imminent execution. Finally, there it was: “Because you are gay,” they answered.
After two weeks of negotiations with Karim's family and a ransom payment, they were released and they have since come to Lebanon, thankful he's still alive. Many have not been so lucky.
Sometimes, Jabhat al Nusra and the rival extremists of the so-called Islamic State (ISIS) are simply in search of cash, as was the case of Karim. They said ISIS demands ransom of up to $11,000. But a recent video that went viral on social media showed ISIS throwing gays from the roof of a building in Raqqa. “Before [the war], if the [Assad] regime caught you as a gay, you would give them money and they'd leave you alone,” says Karim. “Today, if jihadis catch you, they kill you.”
Until their arrest, only Karim's nuclear family knew about their homosexuality, which they kept secret to preserve their reputation. But rumors of their detention spread quickly, and many people in Raqqa became aware that they were gay.
Then, in December 2013, one of Karim's relatives became an important member of ISIS's intelligence apparatus. One day, as Karim came back to their house, they found the whole place turned upside down. “ISIS is looking for you,” said the doorman. Karim hid at their neighbor's until their uncle picked them up and informed them that, in exchange for money, they managed to have Karim's name removed from ISIS's checkpoint lists for two hours. “You have to leave Raqqa right now,” said the uncle.
Karim gathered their belongings and left Raqqa. “I felt like it was a bad dream, that the next week everything would go back to normal and I'd return home.” But instead, Karim fled to Damascus and finally settled in Beirut in March 2014.
Their friend, whom we'll call Mazen, joined Karim a few months later. Mazen asks to be called “Jenny” and be referred to as a “she.” This 29-year-old transgender fled Mayadin, a city close to Deir Ez-Zor, in Syria's eastern provinces, in October 2014. Them uncle, a member of an ISIS sharia court, was given permission, because of their high status, to arrest them themselves on charges of homosexual relations. The uncle's “extremism grew stronger after my boyfriend, who was captured by ISIS, confessed our relationship,” says Jenny.
Jenny denied the relationship until their father and their uncle informed them that they would have to swear on the Quran and go through an anal test, a medical exam to see if it had been penetrated.
At that point, Jenny decided to tell their father that they had been raped. But when they heard the word “rape,” Jenny's father started beating them with such fury that they fainted. As their uncle took their father to the hospital, Jenny decided the moment to escape had come. “Sometimes, life or death are a matter of 10 minutes,” they said. They arrived in Damascus and called Karim, who welcomed them in Beirut.
Jenny thought they would find peace in Lebanon, but the Lebanese have rejected them due to their effeminate looks and body language, which might be tolerated in a native son or daughter, but not in a refugee. Once, in a shared taxi, in the trendy neighborhood of Badaro, a woman started blowing their cigarette's smoke on Jenny and hit them with their purse, calling them a “Syrian sissy.” Jenny asked for help from the driver, who merely said, “Madam, please stop fighting.” When Jenny asked them to stop so they could escape, they faked that they didn't hear them and kept driving.
“Lebanon is known as this modern Western-lifestyle-in-the-Arab-world country, so we thought we could live a normal life and be respected here,” says Karim. “But we were shocked to find out how racist and close-minded people are.” Karim also was beaten and had their nose broken by a group of men in Achrafieh, an upscale, predominantly Christian area of Beirut. They describe this type of violence and humiliation as “daily routine.”
”As Syrians and gays, they are double refugees,” says Bertho Makso from Proud Lebanon, an NGO helping mostly Syrian LGBT refugees. Resentment against Syrians, initially due to the regime's 30-year occupation of Lebanon, has grown with the refugee crisis and the fallout from the Syrian war. And to Makso, gay rights in Lebanon are “a mirage.”
Despite relative tolerance from the authorities, who turn a blind eye to gay bars and clubs, their NGO reported numerous cases of arbitrary detention and “anal tests”—which the Lebanese Doctors Syndicate denounced as a form of torture. Lebanese law on gays is stated in Article 534, which prohibits having sexual relations that “contradict the laws of nature.” Makso says that this “vague” text leaves matters open to interpretation, and thus enables authorities to persecute gays.
“Yes, you can be gay in Beirut, but as long as you don't make it public,” says Makso. “And you should know that everything can fall apart at any time.” For instance, Proud Lebanon is registered as a human rights organization, not as a gay rights one. They organize workshops, and provide legal, psychological and medical assistance—including HIV testing—at their headquarters, but cannot organize public events, such as a gay parade.
For Syrian gay refugees, Lebanon is only a transit point to Europe, North America, or Australia, where they can live their homosexuality without fear of arrest or, for that matter, of being tracked down by their families. UNHCR considers LGBT persons to be an “extremely vulnerable population” because, unlike other categories of refugees persecuted on ethnic or religious ground, they also fear persecution from their own communities, and sometimes even close family members.
Indeed, Proud Lebanon has reported several cases of Syrian families who came to Beirut to track down their gay relatives. Jenny's uncle vowed to find them even if they “moved to the moon.” Karim likewise kept receiving threats a long time after moving to Beirut, including a message from their cousin in Raqqa, saying that they will “cut [his] head in such a way that [he] will beg them to finish as fast as possible.”
Proud Lebanon has, since 2013, counted 216 LGBT Syrian refugees who have registered with the UNHCR; 60 of them have been resettled abroad so far. Along with many others, Karim and Jenny are waiting for what they call “the golden call,” news their visas in Europe or the United States have been accepted.
Way back in August 2015 Starbreeze Studios and Lionsgate announced a virtual reality (VR) version of Keanu Reeves film John Wick. Called John Wick Chronicles: An Eye for an Eye, the experience has made an appearance at several events over the past year, and today the developers have announced a launch date for the first-person shooter.
Supporting HTC Vive, John Wick Chronicles: An Eye for an Eye has now been scheduled for 9th February, for release via Steam. Created in collaboration with Grab Games, Big Red Button and GameCo, the experience puts players into the shoes of titular character John Wick, tasking them with assassinating targets in the Continental Hotel with an arsenal of weapons, from handguns and grenades to sniper rifles and SMGs.
The VR release is set to coincide with the film launch of John Wick: Chapter 2, which has also been scheduled for February, although the two will offer separate storylines.
VRFocus got to preview the video game a while back, stating that: “The visual quality of John Wick: The VR Experience is remarkable. A significant step above that which VR enthusiasts have become used to, John Wick: The VR Experience is easily on par with the high-end output of traditional 2D monitor videogames.”
John Wick Chronicles: An Eye for an Eye is available for pre-order on Steam for $19.99 USD/ £14.99 GBP. Pre-ordering the videogame will also net users a free copy of PAYDAY 2 as well as a John Wick weapon pack in Payday. US residents also have the option to pre-order a deluxe edition that includes the original John Wick movie at $9.99.
VRFocus will continue its coverage of John Wick Chronicles: An Eye for an Eye, reporting back with any further announcements.
Instead, Health Canada's Pest Management Regulatory Agency is proposing limiting the use of two neonicotinoids and adding more warning labels to the bottles.
OTTAWA—Canada doesn't want to issue a blanket ban on certain pesticides which environmental groups say are killing everything from honey bees to earthworms.
Neonicotinoids, also known as neonics, are nicotine-based pesticides commonly used by farmers to help keep everything from field crops to fruit orchards free of pests like aphids, spider mites and stink bugs.
The regulatory agency has been researching them since 2012, after widespread reports of honey bee deaths led scientists to believe neonics were one of the culprits.
The agency has released an interim assessment of the effect of two types of neonics, that will largely bar them from being applied directly to the leaves of crops and on municipal and residential lawns, but allow their use to pre-treat seeds before planting.
City will play their final preseason game in Gothenburg, Sweden tomorrow night against Premier League rival Arsenal. The Gunners played a friendly just on Friday and included some of their key players like Theo Walcott and Santi Cazorla. It seems even bigger names will be playing in the red strip for this one as Wenger has said Alexis, Ramsey, and Xhaka will all feature. It should be a tough test for our boys in blue, but the squad chosen by Pep to travel to Sweden is an interesting one to say the least. Here it is broken down by position:
Strikers
Sterling, Nolito, Aguero, Navas, Iheanacho
Midfielders
Fernando, De Bruyne, Delph, Silva, Fernandinho, Zinchenko, Toure, A. Garcia
Defenders
Sagna, Zabaleta, Kolarov, Clichy, Denayer, Adarabioyo, Maffeo, Angelino
goalkeepers
Hart, Caballero
The first thing that sticks out is, no Leroy Sané. Well the boss has said they have a slight hamstring issue and hasn't trained yet so they are left out. This most likely means at best Sané will start their Man City career as a sub when the League opens up against Sunderland in exactly one week.
Two other very interesting omissions are the likes of Otamendi and Mangala.
Now Mangala only rejoined the squad this week, but Otamendi has already had some gametime under Pep and their exclusion is slightly confusing. What does this mean for the back four against Arsenal? Will City even have a back four, or will they try and experiment with a back three? How strong will the starting squad be? Below I've highlighted the eleven players I think might start this final preseason game.
Defenders: Sagna, Kolarov, Adarabioyo, Clichy.
Pep has already used this CB pairing in the preseason, and so long as Kolarov is still with the club I don't think he'll get to play out on the left. Pep is also a big fan of Tosin. The fullbacks are likely the ones we are to see on the opening day so the final preseason game is a good chance for them to get a run out.
Midfielders: Fernandinho, De Bruyne, and Fernando.
This was the hardest of the choices. In other games Guardiola has shown a clear affection for City's Brazilian duo. The problem is they can be deployed almost anywhere among the back. To keep it say I say both Fernandinho and Fernando play a more withdrawn role allowing De Bruyne (who is admittedly struggling with fitness) more freedom and ability to push forward. I full expect each midfielder to get some gametime however, it'll be interesting to see who gets the most, which will perhaps be a clue to who starts against Sunderland.
Forwards: Nolito, Aguero, Navas.
Until Sané makes their debut, it looks like Navas is our man on the right. That's not the worst thing in the world, but City supporters are excited to see the young German, not the old Spaniard. Navas is serviceable though, and can be counted on down the line. Auger should see significant minutes in the final season tune up game. They figure to play another massive role this season, so getting them as match fit as possible is a priority. Lastly is the left, where City will have more questions than answers all season. I believe Pep likes Sterling, but for right now, I think Nolito is the preferred choice with their ability to control and keep possession. In theory using Sterling as a super sub could work wonders, but it'll be interesting to see how this battles grows throughout the season.
Goalkeeper: Hart.
Despite the rumors, for the moment Hart has the number 1 shirt, and logic dictates, they start in this final preseason game.
This is just my predicted XI for the final preseason game against Arsenal. I could be completely wrong, or spot on (more likely completely wrong). The most fun part about hypothesizing is the possibility of variables that Pep could throw in this squad. Last year under Pellegrini, I could predict each starting eleven without thinking twice about it. Even with several regulars and backups missing, I still mightily struggled to come up with this eleven. At the end of the day, each and every City fan as to put their trust in Pep Guardiola, and I believe that's something we've all been ready to do for quite some time.
Leave a comment with your predicted starting eleven below!
Two 12-year-old Wisconsin girls arrested in the weekend stabbing of their friend plotted for months before the attack, the Waukesha Police Department said Monday.
The arrest of the girls, who are not identified because of their age, came just hours after they allegedly lured a young female, also 12, into a wooded area to "play a game" and attacked her, police say.
"One suspect held the victim down while the other suspect stabbed them 19 times in the arms, legs and torso," Waukesha Police Chief Russell Jack said at a Monday press conference.
The victim, despite having sustained several serious stab wounds to major organs, survived the attack and crawled out of the woods. A passing bicyclist spotted them and called 9-1-1, police said.
Jack said the two suspects, who were friends with the victim, planned the attack.
"Based on our investigation, it is believed that the suspects had planned to kill the victim for several months," they said.
A motive remains unclear, but Jack did say the suspects had an interest in a website "which was a collection of small stories about death and horror." That website has not been named.
The two suspects are being held on charges of attempted first-degree intentional homicide. They are expected to make their first court appearance Monday, at 2:30 p.m., Eastern time.
The victim remains hospitalized at Waukesha Memorial Hospital, where they are in stable condition.
Thirty members of the Iranian opposition, including human rights activists and former political prisoners, have penned an open letter to President-elect Donald Trump in which they've expressed their interest in meeting with America's soon-to-be 45th president.
The letter to Donald Trump is in part a response to their vows to renegotiate the Iranian nuclear deal and help usher in regime change — specifically a liberal democratic government.
“During the presidential campaign, we and millions of Iranians followed your forthright objection to the nuclear agreement reached between the Obama administration and the Islamic Republic of Iran,” the letter notes. “We sincerely hope that with your election, the new administration and the United States Congress will have the opportunity for the first time to review the regional and international outcomes of that disastrous agreement without any reservations, as was promised to the voters.”
Among the requests in the letter are that the Trump administration, “in collaboration with the Congress, should expand the existing sanctions and impose new ones on the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps and the Supreme Leader's financial empire and direct the U.S. Treasury to strongly enforce them.” It also suggests that Trump “form an international coalition to pressure the Islamic Republic of Iran and force the regime to cease its pursuit of long-range ballistic missile.” The letter points out, “[u]nfortunately, Iranians have been among the main victims of the detrimental policies adopted by President Obama in the Middle East.”
Signatories of the letter include 10 former political prisoners and four journalists. Perhaps best known is Ahmad Batebi, a former prisoner who was tortured in Iran and who made international headlines in a famous picture showing them holding up a blood-drenched shirt. The image appeared on the cover of The Economist.
Last year, Marjan Keypour-Greenblatt, a co-founder of the Alliance for Rights of All Minorities (ARAM), wrote that “[u]nlike many outspoken Iranians living in exile, it is difficult to classify Batebi in the oversimplified taxonomy of ‘pro' or ‘anti' deal category.” They note that while “[h]e is vehemently against the regime that restricts freedom of expression and promotes inequality… they also strongly opposes sanctions that burden the working class and limit social mobility for the poor. Nonetheless, they are skeptical that sanctions relief will benefit the people who desperately need these financial resources.”
Amir Fakhravar, a former political prisoner in Iran and Senate Chairman of the National Iranian Congress said in a statement issued exclusively to Breitbart News: “We urge the Trump administration to reverse the Obama policy of subsidizing the activities of the Khamenei regime – the world's leading state sponsor of terrorism. We believe that stringent Iran oil and central bank sanctions legislation should again be passed by Congress and signed by President Trump as soon as possible. The National Iranian Congress pursued a relentless and successful campaign from 2006 to 2012 urging the U.S. Congress to implement these sanctions in the first place. Sanctions would be lifted only when free and fair democratic elections are held in Tehran.”
Should Trump meet with these individuals, and other Iranian activists who are for regime change, their willingness to do so would provide a stark contrast to President Barack Obama's interactions with the pro-Iran regime lobbyist group NIAC (the National Iranian American Council), led by Trita Parsi. Even fellow Democrats have criticized the Obama administration's Iran policy. Sen. Bob Menendez (D-NJ), the highest ranking Democrat on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has stated that the Obama administration's rhetoric on Iran sounded “like talking points that come straight out of Tehran.”
While a sign that the Iranian dissident community is seeking closer ties to the incoming Trump administration, Friday's letter has also shed light on divisions within the ranks of Iranian dissidents. The opposition movement's ranks include Monarchists, Liberals, and many in between.
Reza Parchizadeh, a political theorist, analyst, and Iranian dissident, told Breitbart News exclusively that while they agreed the letter's intent was good, they believed it could have been executed more efficiently and should have included a larger number of Iranian dissidents.
I believe the subject of the letter was apt. Indeed I, myself, had taken a similar stance around a month ago. We Iranian liberal democrats trace our intellectual roots to Western classical liberalism, especially in the United States and the United Kingdom. As such, it is only natural for us to want to have a constructive dialogue with our brothers and sisters in the West. However, the one thing I did not approve of about this letter was that it had not been sent to a greater number of Iranian dissidents to be signed. That's why the Iranian regime is now trying to diminish the position stated in the letter by producing state-engineered letters with many signatures that go against the original letter sent to President-elect Trump.
Although the National Council of Resistance of Iran (NCRI) did not sign the letter, they are so far the most well-organized Iranian opposition group to the Iranian regime (collectively referred to as Jomhouri-e-Islami) and have garnered support from advisors to Trump such as Newt Gingrich, Rudy Giuliani, and John Bolton. Tehran has classified NCRI, also known as MEK, as terrorists. Some Iranian ex-pats find issue with the group.
The MEK renounced violence in 2001. In 2012, the State Department, under Hillary Clinton, delisted them as a terrorist organization. They were initially placed on the list under President Bill Clinton in 1997, a move that some suggested was an attempt to garner favor with the Iranian regime. MEK was credited with revealing Iran's nuclear program in 2002.
Slater Bakhtavar, another Iranian dissident, an attorney, and author of Iran: The Green Movement, took to Facebook to vent their frustrations: “The Iranian dissidents who wrote President-elect Trump do not represent us as a group and should not be given the chance to meet with our President-elect without us being present.”
NOTE: This piece has been updated to include a quote from Iranian dissident and author, Amir-Abbas Fakhravar.
Follow Adelle Nazarian on Twitter and Periscope @AdelleNaz.
Microsoft's Azure Government cloud platform has been awarded a further four industry certifications, meaning that Microsoft now holds the largest number of industry, government and international certifications of any commercial cloud provider.
Here's an overview of what these latest accreditations are and what they mean for government customers.
FedRAMP Moderate Provisional Authority to Operate (P-ATO)
Azure Government – including identity services (Azure Active Directory and multi-factor authentication) – is now certified for US government customers. Receiving the P-ATO for Azure Government provides independent attestation that the cloud platform meets the rigorous standards and security requirements laid out in NIST 800-53.
DISA Level 2 Provisional Authorization (PA)
As part of Microsoft's FedRAMP authorisation, Azure Government has also been granted a PA for DISA Level 2 by the FedRAMP Joint Authorization Board. Department of Defence customers can place non-sensitive information and defense applications into Azure Government that require DISA Level 2.
HIPAA Business Associate Agreement (BAA)
Microsoft now contractually commits to meeting HIPAA requirements in Azure Government by providing a BAA addendum to enterprise agreements. US government customers and partners can have confidence that PHI will be protected with best-in-class security and privacy capabilities and processes.
Support for federal tax workloads under IRS Publication 1075
Many customers need the ability to process federal tax information. Azure Government provides the features, processes and transparency that enables customers to achieve compliance with IRS 1075. Customers can review Azure Government's IRS 1075 Safeguard Security Report, as well as a controls matrix that defines distributed accountabilities for certifying their solutions on Azure Government.
“All of these achievements apply to Azure Government customers immediately, enabling trusted cloud scenarios across a broad range of services,” said Tom Keane, partner director of Program Management, Microsoft Azure. “Azure Government delivers on the criteria necessary for government agencies and their partners to use cloud services, adding assurance that data will remain in US facilities, data centre personnel have been screened according to strict guidelines, and continuous monitoring ensures effective incident detection and response.”
Share this story
The White House has spent the last week on defense after it was revealedJr. met with a Russian lawyer ahead of the 2016 election to get campaign dirt on rival
Trump and their administration have justified the meeting as opposition research typical of any politician during a campaign.
Continuing revelations about the meeting have only added to the speculation, despite the White House's repeated denial that the Trump campaign coordinated with Moscow.
Democrats have slammed the meeting regardless of Trump Jr.'s statement, calling it a smoking gun that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia during the 2016 election.
Trump Jr. said earlier this week that the meeting ultimately " went nowhere and it was apparent that [damaging information on Clinton] wasn't what the meeting was actually about.”
The meeting revealed a broader lobbying effort tied to several Moscow figures , but questions remain over who exactly was present for the now-infamous meeting.
As of Saturday, reports place at least eight people in the room. Here's who they are and what we know about them so far:
Donald Trump Jr.
The New York Times first reported the president's son arranged to have a meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. Trump originally told the publication the meeting was "a short introductory meeting" with the lawyer to discuss adoption policy.
However, The Times also reported Trump Jr. was promised damaging information about Hillary Clinton prior to the meeting.
On Tuesday, Trump Jr. released a chain of emails detailing their conversations with British publicist Rob Goldstone, who acted as an intermediary setting up the meeting. The emails, which were released on Twitter, confirmed Trump Jr. was promised damaging information on Clinton.
Jared Kushner
According to both Veselnitskaya and Trump Jr., Kushner was only briefly at the meeting.
Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, did not disclose the meeting on an application for their security clearance when joining the administration as a senior adviser. Kushner is the only known attendee of the meeting to now have a White House security clearance.
Their representatives have called the initial omission an unintentional oversight, and their lawyer Jamie Gorelick — who has since stepped away from representing Kushner — issued a statement to The Hill confirming their attendance.
“As we have previously stated, Mr. Kushner's SF-86 was prematurely submitted and, among other errors, did not list any contacts with foreign government officials. The next day, Mr. Kushner submitted supplemental information stating that they had had 'numerous contacts with foreign officials' about which they would be happy to provide additional information," Gorelick said.
"He has since submitted this information, including that during the campaign and transition, they had over 100 calls or meetings with representatives of more than 20 countries, most of which were during transition," they added.
Paul Manafort
Trump's former campaign chairperson Paul Manafort, who later briefly served as campaign manager before resigning from the Trump campaign, was also present for the meeting and was included in emails released by Trump Jr.
The then-campaign chairperson, who has reported ties to pro-Russian politicians in Ukraine, recently disclosed the meeting and Trump's Jr.'s role in organizing it.
Natalia Veselnitskaya
Veselnitskaya is the Russian lawyer Trump Jr.'s son arranged to meet with at Trump Tower.  They are known for working against the Magnitsky Act, an American law that blacklists Russians suspected of violating human rights. The law is reviled by Russian President Vladimir Putin, who responded to it by implementing a ban on U.S. adoptions of Russian children.
Veselnitskaya told NBC News they "never had damaging or sensitive information on Hillary Clinton," and that it was never their intention to obtain that information.
The Hill reported Veselnitskaya was let into U.S. by former President Obama's Justice Department "under extraordinary circumstances" before they took part in a lobbying campaign regarding adoption and the Magnitsky Act.
It was also reported that they were in touch with a Russian prosecutor as part of their fight against a U.S. sanctions law.
Rinat Akhmetshin
Akhmetshin is a former member of the Russian military intelligence services known as GRU.  They are now a U.S. citizen and works as a lobbyist, and according to CNN is registered with Veselnitskaya's organization.
They confirmed to The Associated Press they were present for the meeting, but called reports about their ties to Russian intelligence a "smear campaign" aimed at him.
Rob Goldstone
Goldstone is a British publicist who acted as an intermediary in arranging the meeting between Trump Jr. and Veselnitskaya.
The publicist represents Russian pop star Emin Agalarov, the son of Aras Agalarov, who is a Russian oligarch. Goldstone told CNN Agalarov asked them to set up the meeting.
In their emails , Goldstone told Trump Jr. "a Russian government attorney" could provide damaging information about Clinton in order to aid the Trump campaign. They also said they wouldn't sit in on the full meeting but would be present for introductions.
Anatoli Samachornov
According to Akhmetshin, Anatoli Samachornov acted as a translator for Veselnitskaya.
The translator did not tell reporters whether they were at the meeting but did say they were working with Veselnitskaya on matters regarding adoptions and the Magnitsky Act during the time of the meeting.
Unidentified representative of Emin and Aras Agalarov
CNN on Friday reported that the eighth person present in the meeting was a representative for Russian pop star Emin Agalarov and their father, Aras.
Words need defenders.
On Behalf of “Literally”
Courtney Kirchoff Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 24, 2015
You either are a “literally” abuser or know of one. If you're anything like me, hearing the word “literally” used incorrectly causes a little piece of your soul to wither and die. Of course I do not mean that literally, I mean that figuratively. An abuser would have said: “Every time a person uses that word, a piece of my soul literally withers and dies.” Which is terribly, horribly wrong.
For whatever bizarre reason, people feel the need to use literally as a sort of verbal crutch. They use it to emphasize a point, which is silly because they're already using an analogy or a metaphor to illustrate said point. For example: “Ugh, I literally tore the house apart looking for my remote control!” No, you literally did not tear apart your house, because it's still standing. If you'd just told me you “tore your house apart” searching for your remote, I would've understood what you meant. No need to add “literally” to the sentence.
Maybe I should define literally.
Literally means actually. When you say something literally happened, you're describing the scene or situation as it actually happened.
So you should only use literally when you mean it. It should not be used in hyperbole. Example: “That was so funny I literally cried.” Which is possible. Some things are funny enough to elicit tears. Note the example stops with “literally cried.” You cannot literally cry your eyes out. The joke wasn't so funny your eyes popped out of their sockets.
When in Doubt, Leave it Out
“I'm so hungry I could eat a horse,” means you're hungry. You don't need to say “I'm so hungry I could literally eat a horse.” Because you can't do that in one sitting, I don't care how big your stomach is.
“That play was so funny I laughed my head off,” illustrates the play was amusing. You don't need to say you literally laughed your head off, because then your head would be on the ground and you wouldn't be able to speak, much less laugh.
“I drove so fast my car was flying,” we get your point: you were speeding. But your car is never going fast enough to fly, so don't say your car was literally flying.
Insecurities?
Maybe no one believed a story you told as a child, and you felt the need to prove that it actually happened. No really, mom, I literally climbed the tree. In efforts to prove truth, you used literally to describe something real, however outlandish it seemed. Whatever the reason, now your overuse of literally has become a habit.
Hard Habit to Break?
Abusing literally isn't as bad a smoking, but it's still an unhealthy habit (I mean that figuratively). Help is required in order to break it.
This is my version of an intervention for literally abusers. I'm not sure how else to do it other than in writing. I know this makes me sound like a know-it-all, and I accept that. But there's no excuse other than blatant ignorance to misuse the word “literally.” So just stop it.
Don't say “Courtney, this post is so snobbish it literally burned up my computer.” Because nothing is that snobbish that it causes computers to combust. Or: “Courtney, your head is so big it literally cannot get through the door.” Because it can, unless it's one of those tiny doors from Alice in Wonderland and I need to eat a mushroom to make my whole body smaller.
No One's Perfect
And I'm not saying I am. I'm trying to restore meaning to a word that's lost meaning. I'm standing up for literally. It's a good word when used correctly. People are butchering it and destroying it every day (figuratively speaking) and the massacre needs to stop. Just as there's a coalition of people against the use of certain fonts (like Comic Sans and Papyrus), so should there be a coalition of people against the abuse of literally.
Saying it to Irritate?
Do you misuse the word “literally” just to annoy your know-it-all or grammar police friends/acquaintances/total strangers? If so, why? Doing so would be like me going outside when it's freezing, wearing nothing but a pair of shorts and t-shirt in hopes of making you cold by just looking at me. Who suffers more?
Graphical Representation
Matthew Inman of “The Oatmeal” wrote a comic about literally. Abusers and defenders alike should check it out. It's clear this whole craze about literally is driving a lot of us nuts. You literally abusers are killing off pieces of our souls. You must be stopped, or the world will be lost to meaninglessness forever. Figuratively speaking.
CTV Vancouver
If you were wondering why you weren't able to get a taxi on New Year's Eve, it may have been because there were only 12 extra cabs on the road on one of the busiest nights of the year.
Tens of thousands of revellers packed downtown Vancouver to ring in the new year, but it was the trip home that proved to be the real adventure for many.
“We are hoping to get a taxi [home], but we had to get a ride out here today because we waited three and a half hours to get a taxi and it never came,” said David Davis, adding they had booked a cab that never showed up. “Our fingers are crossed… but we'll see.”
The Vancouver Taxi Association said its entire fleet of available cabs was out on New Year's Eve, but a lot of partygoers still found themselves waiting in the cold.
There are 708 taxis operating in Vancouver, including an extra 100 that are rolled out just on weekends -- but over the holiday season only a dozen extra cabs were authorized.
Yet when it comes to the city's taxi shortage, it's not just the passengers who are waiting.
The Vancouver Taxi Association says it's doing the best it can to get more licences, but it couldn't afford to roll out any more vehicles for such a short period of time. They want to put more cabs permanently on the road, but the process seems stalled.
“The area that's affected the most is not receiving taxi licences,” said spokesperson Carolyn Bauer.
“We've had an application in front of the Passenger Transportation Board. It was posted on the transportation website on Sept. 14 of for 175 taxis… We have no decision on that as of yet - we're still waiting.”
Vancouver City Councillor Geoff Meggs says the city is waiting for the provincial government to complete its wide-scale review on taxis and ride sharing programs like Uber before it can make any changes.
Both the B.C. government and Vancouver City Hall have been hesitant to welcome services like Uber, and councillors voted to hold off until at least October 2017 as the province undergoes a lengthy consultation process.
“Everybody is frustrated by the failure to get more cabs on the road generally, but it's been in a gridlock for more than a year,” Meggs said.
“There is nothing the city can do to wave a magic wand and have a thousand cabs come down on a magic carpet.”
With files from CTV Vancouver's Scott Hurst
A year after a Boston startup began testing the military equivalent of LinkedIn, the firm has raised $5 million in venture capital to officially launch its fast-growing website in time for Veterans Day.
The investment, which brings RallyPoint's total funding to $6.6 million, was led by Silicon Valley-based DBL Investors to help redefine the way corporate hiring managers connect with and recruit military talent, said Yinon Weiss. Weiss served 10 years of military duty before founding RallyPoint with fellow Iraq War veteran and Harvard Business School alumnus ?Aaron Kletzing.
“We've gone from a standing start last year to very quickly growing the site” to include 125,000 members — both active duty and veterans — and pages for more than 400,000 companies doing business in the United States, they said.
Nearly one in 10 members of the active-duty Army alone — the military's largest branch — already use RallyPoint for free from bases around the world, they said. Starting Veterans Day, members' spouses, who often share similar employment challenges, can use the website, too.
The same day, 400,000 companies on RallyPoint will be able to post jobs for $99-$5,000. And early next year companies will be able to upgrade their offerings.
John Silva, a 32-year-old former Marine who is now a partner at Cambridge Bookstore, recently discovered RallyPoint through a friend and agreed to help test it to connect with other veterans and recruit employees. In the few weeks since they signed on, he's already conducted two interviews by phone and one in person. And although the latter decided to take a job in western Massachusetts to be closer to home, Silva is confident he'll find the right person on RallyPoint soon.
“As an e-commerce business, we need people who have a high attention to detail, and because we're a small business, a strong sense of teamwork,” Silva said. “And veterans have both.”
As a Massachusetts employer, they have even more reason now to hire people with military backgrounds. Last month the state more than doubled cash grants for employers who hire Massachusetts veterans. Firms can now apply for training grants of $5,000 for each vet they hire, up to a total of $75,000 per calendar year. Raising the amounts, Weiss said, provides a greater incentive for employers to hire veterans, who have an average unemployment rate of 9.9 percent, compared to 7.2 percent for civilians.
A circular depression deep in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC) has been confirmed as the first known impact crater in central Africa, a new study says. The find brings the number of known meteor craters on Earth to 182.
The so-called Luizi structure was first described in a German geological report from 1919. But without further fieldwork, it was impossible to say for sure that the 10.5-mile-wide (17-kilometer-wide) feature had been made by a meteor impact.
On other planets, such as Mercury and Mars, it's easier to identify impact craters based only on their shapes, since these worlds no longer have geologic forces making major changes to their surfaces.
But on Earth, many older craters have likely been erased by tectonic activity or erosion, while others are so covered with dense vegetation or sediments, like Luizi, that they're almost impossible to spot without satellites.
What's more, the crater-like structures we do see may have been made by volcanoes, collapsed underground chambers, and other forces that have nothing to do with impacts, said study leader Ludovic Ferrière, curator of the rock collection at the Natural History Museum of Vienna in Austria.
"On Earth, to confirm it's an impact, you have to go in the field because you need evidence of high pressures and temperatures," Ferrière said.
Crater Expedition Had Brushes With Snakes, Poachers
The researcher first became interested in the Luizi structure after seeing satellite pictures published in the 1990s.
By studying the available satellite data, Ferrière and colleagues estimated that the structure has an elevated rim about 1,148 feet (350 meters) high, as well as an interior ring and a central depression.
But to truly confirm Luizi as an impact crater, the researchers had to mount an expedition to the politically tumultuous DRC. (Related: "Rare Gorillas at Risk as Rebels Seize Congo Park.")
"I was working for a year just to find a contact there, because you need a local person to help you find your way around," Ferrière said.
With funding from the National Geographic Society/Waitt Foundation program, Ferrière—then a postdoc at the University of Western Ontario in Canada—visited the crater site in June 2010 with colleagues from the University of Lubumbashi. (The National Geographic Society owns National Geographic News.)
"I flew direct to Lubumbashi, the second largest city in the DRC. From there we had to drive from the city to the crater," they said.
"I had looked at maps and planned a route before I left. But when I got there, my contact told me there is no bridge across part of my intended path. We had to take some crazy gravel roads with big potholes inside. These are not good roads to drive on, even with a four-wheel-drive car."
The team set up camp in a small village about 8 miles (13 kilometers) from the crater rim, recruiting two local guides/porters and a soldier to help them safely navigate the wild terrain.
"The crater is in a national park, and I thought it would be like the jungles of South America," Ferrière said. "Instead it was a tree savanna—a big plataeu with dry grass. The grass was sometimes more than a meter [3.2 feet] high."
Standing on the rim of the Luizi structure, Ferrière could see skinny trees that seemed to fill the depression, with the crater's distant edge rising like small hills.
Despite the remote, wooded terrain, "we saw no large animals, only snakes. But we did see a lot of remnants of poachers. Sometimes we'd come to a site and the doused fires were still hot."
Congo Rocks Had a Shock
Ferrière's team spent about a week at the crater collecting samples, which were sent back to the lab in Canada for analysis.
"I found so-called shatter cones, which are features in the rock only found in impact structures," they said. The nested, conical shapes in such features are evidence that the bedrock has been exposed to extreme pressure from a shock wave.
The crater rocks also contained an abundance of shocked quartz, a version of the mineral known to form only from impacts or nuclear blasts, Ferrière said.
"Everybody will believe me now, I think, that this is an impact site."
The scientists think the Luizi crater was made by a meteor more than 0.6 mile (a kilometer) wide that slammed into what is now the DRC at about 45,000 miles (72,000 kilometers) an hour.
For now it's unclear how old the crater is—the scientists can say only that the affected rocks are about 575 million years old, "but we know it's younger than that, because the rocks have been excavated," Ferrière said.
"It would be nice to do more fieldwork, because the shape of the structure with this inner ring can tell us about the exact formation process involved," they added. In the meantime, the researcher will continue to study the rock samples, now housed at the Vienna museum.
"There is still a lot to discover" about Luizi, they said.
The USS Theodore Roosevelt navigates in the Atlantic Ocean in 2008. U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter and their Malaysian counterpart will visit the aircraft carrier Thursday, Nov. 5, 2015, as it transits the South China Sea.
KUALA LUMPUR, Malaysia — Defense Secretary Ash Carter and Malaysian Defense Minister Hishammuddin Hussein will visit the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt on Thursday as it passes through the South China Sea and conducts routine operations.
"The Teddy Roosevelt's presence there and our visit is a signal of our commitment to our rebalance and the importance of the Asia Pacific to the United States," Carter said Wednesday during a news conference at the conclusion of a meeting of the Association of South East Asian Nations.
The visit carries heavy symbolism following a week of contentious exchanges with China over its buildup of human-made islands in the South China Sea. Carter's presence on the carrier seems aimed at underscoring the U.S. position that China cannot keep the United States — or any other nation — from sailing within 12 miles of the built-up islands that China has said are its sovereign territory despite other countries' claims to the contrary.
The United States is planning regular freedom of navigation trips through the South China Sea to contest China's position, Carter said.
China has contested the U.S. stance, particularly the USS Lassen's cruise last week within 12 miles of Subi Reef in the Spratly Islands.
At a news conference Wednesday evening, Carter was asked why the United States would risk further conflict by going in “heavy” by sending the Lassen to contest China's claims, given the increased tensions in the area.
Carter said it is China's construction on several of the Spratly Islands that has escalated the situation. They also downplayed the Lassen's patrol and their planned visit Thursday aboard the Roosevelt.
“The presence of U.S. naval vessels in the South China Sea is not new,” Carter said.
On Tuesday, Chinese Defense Minister Chang Wanquan warned Carter that China would take the steps necessary to defend its territory.
Posted 20 September 2014 - 04:27 PM
RvB is 5 years old on September 25th 2014.
We are marking such a celebration with a series of awesome events, the most important of which I can only say the following about. It is that mysterious!!!!
This event will involve 3000 fitted cruisers!
(This includes drones, ammo and modules worth over 40 billion ISK)
ALL Cruisers for this event will be brawl fit. In Your face violence, the best violence!
This event will feature an FFA component!
This event will happen in The Forge!
There is a 10 BILLION ISK award to the pilot with the top damage between 18.00 UTC 27/09 & 17.59 UTC 28/09
To take part you simply need to be online and in RvB on Saturday, September 27th 2014 from 18.00. Your corp message of the day and alliance mail will detail all you need to know on the day!
A huge thanks to our sponsors eve-bet.com for donating a prize of 10 BILLION isk for the pilot who gets 'top damage' on the most kill mails during the 24 hour period from the start of the event (18:00 EvE Time)
Fifteen soldiers and two civilians were killed in five simultaneous attacks Thursday targeting security checkpoints in Egypt's North Sinai, where the army is battling the local branch of the Islamic State group, police said.
Gunmen opened fire on soldiers with automatic rifles and rockets at separate checkpoints south of Sheikh Zuweid, east of the provincial capital of El-Arish, police officials told AFP.
Seventeen people were killed in the attacks, while 15 militants died in subsequent gun battles, the officials said.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Another attack targeted a military facility in North Sinai, but police did not specify where, while in a separate incident, a mortar shell fell on a house east of the provincial capital El-Arish, wounding three civilians, police and health officials said.
Ansar Beit al-Maqdis (Partisans of Jerusalem), founded in 2011, changed its name last year to the Sinai Province after pledging allegiance to IS, which controls territory in Iraq and Syria.
The group, which has claimed several sophisticated attacks against security forces in the restive peninsula, now wants to establish a province of the self-declared IS caliphate.
After the army ousted Islamist president Mohamed Morsi in July 2013, militants claimed a string of deadly attacks against security forces which they claimed were in retaliation for a brutal government crackdown against Islamists.
Ansar Beit al-Maqdis' initial attacks in 2011 were against Israel.
The city of London is warning homeowners after two dozen complaints in the last few days about salespeople asking to take water samples for analysis.
“The (salespeople) mention a company, and then suggest that the city of London has hired them to test the water in that neighbourhood. We don't do that,” said Dan Huggins, the city's water quality manager.
Once the salesperson is in the door, they or they do a water test of the tap water, adds some chemicals that show discolouration, and tells the customer it indicates poor water quality, Huggins said.
“People have been so frightened, they sign up to spend $3,500 on this water filtration system on the spot. I've seen real scare tactics to make people think the water is unsafe,” Huggins said.
Recently, reports have come from Lambeth, White Oaks, Northridge and other neighbourhoods.
Tap water in London exceeds the standards set by the province, Huggins said.
“There's absolutely no reason to purchase a water filtration system.
“The bottom line is, if someone is showing up there from the city of London trying to sell you something, that's not correct. That's not the way we do business,” Huggins said. “Any City of London worker who was coming to the door would have a city of London ID and would be happy to show it.”
The city does free lead testing on tap water in older homes, and has done 12,000 such tests in the last decade.
If there is lead in the water, city employees can direct homeowners to ways to deal with it.
The city can't complain to anyone about the water filtration sales tactics, but homeowners can, Huggins said.
“Homeowners do have some recourse. If they've bought anything from a door-to-door salesperson, you can cancel the contract without penalty within 10 days of signing,” they said.
Kate.dubinski@sunmedia.ca
Twitter.com/KateatLFPress
WHO TO CALL:
AFC Bournemouth have announced plans to move from their ground of 106 years and hope to have built a new stadium by the start of the 2020-21 season. The Premier League club released a statement on Friday in which they expressed their frustrations in attempts to buy the current stadium back from Stuctadene, a London-based property company, from whom Bournemouth currently lease the Vitality Stadium.
Bournemouth's chief executive, Neill Blake, in a statement on behalf of the club's board of directors, said the club “feel we have no other option but to find a new site” and are working with Bournemouth Borough Council to “identify a suitable location”.
Bournemouth have played at their current ground, formerly known as Dean Court, since 1910, but it was sold to Structadene in 2005 in a sale-and-leaseback deal. The stadium was sold to Structadene for a figure believed to be around £3.5m and immediately leased back, with the club since paying the company in the region of £300,000 rent per year.
Bournemouth happy in middle lane and travelling in the right direction | Jacob Steinberg Read more
“Firstly we are not going to develop a stadium we do not own and will not be held to ransom over a price to purchase the existing site,” the statement continued. “And secondly the council's planning department have made it clear that they would not welcome a significantly bigger stadium in Kings Park, meaning we are severely constricted in what we can achieve on this site with regards to size, capacity and facilities.
Bournemouth Borough Council have previously stated they would not welcome a “significantly bigger stadium” in the Kings Park area of the town. A planning application to expand the ground's South Stand, which will increase the stadium capacity by 3,000 if approved, is due to go before the council's planning committee before the end of December. Bournemouth's last home match at the Vitality Stadium was a sell-out against Liverpool on Sunday, with an attendance of 11,183.
“It is crucial that we have a capacity that meets the ever-growing demand for tickets, that we are able to provide access for disabled supporters that meets new government guidelines, that we can improve and increase our hospitality offering and that we have a stadium that is used throughout the year by the community, and not just on matchdays,” Blake said. “We are working tirelessly to identify a site and it is our ambition that a new stadium would be built in time for the start of the 2020-21 season.”
Cass Sunstein, President Obama's “regulatory czar,” doesn't “remember very well” a lengthy academic paper in which they argued the U.S. government should ban “conspiracy theorizing,” including by sending agents to infiltrate websites and chat rooms.
Among the beliefs Sunstein would ban, according to the paper, is that the theory of global warming is a deliberate fraud.
When an activist earlier this week repeatedly challenged Sunstein on the 30-page Harvard Law position paper, “On Conspiracies,” the White House official claimed, “I hope I didn't say any of those things.”
Get Aaron Klein's “Red Army: The Radical Network that must be defeated to save America” from WND's Superstore
Sunstein repeatedly refused to retract the controversial paper.
The exchange was caught on camera.
Luke Rudkowski, founder of WeAreChange.org, confronted Sunstein about the paper at a New York question-and-answer session, asking them why they believe it is government job to go after those who advocate such theories.
Sunstein replied: “I think, as Ricky said, I have written hundreds of articles, and I remember some and not others. That one I don't remember very well. I hope I can say that. But whatever was said in that article, my role in government is to oversee federal rulemaking in a way that is wholly disconnected from the vast majority of my academic writing, including that.”
Rudkowski, who identified themselves as a student named Bill, continued with their line of questioning, explaining they were asking “because you may be the next Supreme Court justice.”
Sunstein retorted, “All I can say is that there are a lot of things that I have written, I guess. And there are even more things I am said to have written. I may agree with some of the things I have written, but I'm not exactly sure.”
After Sunstein's speech, Rudkowski approached them privately and asked them whether they would retract their paper on so-called conspiracies.
“I don't remember the article very well,” Sunstein said. “So I hope I didn't say any of those things.”
Asked again whether they would retract the paper, Sunstein replied, “I am focused on my job.”
WND was first to report on the 2008 paper.
In “Conspiracy Theories,” Sunstein and co-author Adrian Vermeule, a Harvard law professor, ask, “What can government do about conspiracy theories?”
They write: “We can readily imagine a series of possible responses. (1) Government might ban conspiracy theorizing. (2) Government might impose some kind of tax, financial or otherwise, on those who disseminate such theories.”
In the 30-page paper – obtained and reviewed by WND – Sunstein argues the best government response to “conspiracy theories” is “cognitive infiltration of extremist groups.”
Continues Sunstein: “We suggest a distinctive tactic for breaking up the hard core of extremists who supply conspiracy theories: cognitive infiltration of extremist groups, whereby government agents or their allies (acting either virtually or in real space, and either openly or anonymously) will undermine the crippled epistemology of believers by planting doubts about the theories and stylized facts that circulate within such groups, thereby introducing beneficial cognitive diversity.”
Sunstein writes government agents “might enter chat rooms, online social networks, or even real-space groups and attempt to undermine percolating conspiracy theories by raising doubts about their factual premises, causal logic or implications for political action.”
Sunstein defines a conspiracy theory as “an effort to explain some event or practice by reference to the machinations of powerful people, who have also managed to conceal their role.”
Some “conspiracy theories” recommended for ban by Sunstein include:
“The theory of global warming is a deliberate fraud.”
“The view that the Central Intelligence Agency was responsible for the assassination of President John F. Kennedy.”
“The 1996 crash of TWA flight 800 was caused by a U.S. military missile.”
“The Trilateral Commission is responsible for important movements of the international economy.”
“That Martin Luther King Jr. was killed by federal agents.”
“The moon landing was staged and never actually occurred.”
In the paper, Sunstein allows that “some conspiracy theories, under our definition, have turned out to be true.”
They continue: “The Watergate hotel room used by Democratic National Committee was, in fact, bugged by Republican officials, operating at the behest of the White House. In the 1950s, the CIA did, in fact, administer LSD and related drugs under Project MKULTRA, in an effort to investigate the possibility of ‘mind control.'”
Sunstein's paper was written before the scandal in which emails hacked from the Climatic Research Unit at East Anglia University in the U.K. indicated top climate researchers conspired to rig data and keep researchers with dissenting views from publishing in leading scientific journals.
Sunstein: Ban ‘right wing' rumors
Sunstein's paper is not the first time they have advocated banning the free flow of information.
WND reported that in their 2009 book, “On Rumors,” they argued websites should be obliged to remove “false rumors” while libel laws should be altered to make it easier to sue for spreading such “rumors.”
In the book, Sunstein cited as a primary example of “absurd” and “hateful” remarks, reports by “right-wing websites” alleging an association between President Obama and Weather Underground terrorist William Ayers.
They also singled out radio talker Sean Hannity for “attacking” Obama regarding the president's “alleged associations.”
Ayers became a name in the 2008 presidential campaign when it was disclosed they worked closely with Obama for years. Obama also launched their political career at a 1995 fundraiser in Ayers' apartment.
‘New Deal Fairness Doctrine'
WND also previously reported Sunstein drew up a “First Amendment New Deal” – a new “Fairness Doctrine” that would include the establishment of a panel of “nonpartisan experts” to ensure “diversity of view” on the airwaves.
Sunstein compared the need for the government to regulate broadcasting to the moral obligation the U.S. had to impose new rules that outlawed segregation.
Sunstein's radical proposal, set forth in their 1993 book “The Partial Constitution,” received no news media attention and scant scrutiny until the WND report.
In the book, Sunstein promotes the “Fairness Doctrine,” the abolished FCC policy that required holders of broadcast licenses to present controversial issues of public importance in a manner the government deemed “equitable and balanced.”
Sunstein introduces what they term their “First Amendment New Deal” to regulate broadcasting in the U.S.
Their proposal, which focuses largely on television, includes a government requirement that “purely commercial stations provide financial subsidies to public television or to commercial stations that agree to provide less profitable but high-quality programming.”
Sunstein writes that it is “worthwhile to consider more dramatic approaches as well.”
They propose “compulsory public-affairs programming, right of reply, content review by nonpartisan experts or guidelines to encourage attention to public issues and diversity of view.”
The Obama czar argues their regulation proposals for broadcasting are actually presented within the spirit of the Constitution.
“It seems quite possible that a law that contained regulatory remedies would promote rather than undermine the ‘freedom of speech,'” they write.
Writes Sunstein: “The idea that government should be neutral among all forms of speech seems right in the abstract, but as frequently applied it is no more plausible than the idea that it should be neutral between the associational interests of blacks and those of whites under conditions of segregation.”
Sunstein contends the landmark case that brought about the Fairness Doctrine, Red Lion Broadcasting Co. v. Federal Communications Commission, “stresses not the autonomy of broadcasters (made possible only by current ownership rights), but instead the need to promote democratic self-government by ensuring that people are presented with a broad range of views about public issues.”
They continue: “In a market system, this goal may be compromised. It is hardly clear that ‘the freedom of speech' is promoted by a regime in which people are permitted to speak only if other people are willing to pay enough to allow them to be heard.”
In their book, Sunstein slams the U.S. courts' unwillingness to “require something like a Fairness Doctrine” to be a result of “the judiciary's lack of democratic pedigree, lack of fact-finding powers and limited remedial authority.”
They clarify they are not arguing the government should be free to regulate broadcasting however it chooses.
“Regulation designed to eliminate a particular viewpoint would of course be out of bounds. All viewpoint discrimination would be banned,” Sunstein writes.
But, they say, “at the very least, regulative ‘fairness doctrines' would raise no real doubts” constitutionally.
This email has also been verified by Google DKIM 2048-bit RSA key
Re: Hi
From:kschake@hillaryclinton.com To: re47@hillaryclinton.com CC: arenteria@hillaryclinton.com, xhinojosa@hillaryclinton.com, lpraeli@hillaryclinton.com, ha16@hillaryclinton.com, jpalmieri@hillaryclinton.com, john.podesta@gmail.com Date: 2015-07-03 14:24 Subject: Re: Hi
July 13. Sent from my iPhone On Jul 3, 2015, at 12:21 PM, Robby Mook <re47@hillaryclinton.com> wrote: What day is La Raza? On Fri, Jul 3, 2015 at 11:49 AM, Amanda Renteria < arenteria@hillaryclinton.com> wrote: > We can't do enough on this issue honestly. So my answer is yes on all of > if - which is about resources. > > Sent from my iPhone > > On Jul 3, 2015, at 11:40 AM, Xochitl Hinojosa < > xhinojosa@hillaryclinton.com> wrote: > > Univision was actually really happy about their comments and the tweets > coming from Amanda. They would obviously love an interview with them > whenever we're ready. > > I think they should proactively mention it tomorrow, but happy to work with > NH on trying to get a question in. Let me know what everyone prefers. > > On Jul 3, 2015, at 11:17 AM, Huma Abedin <ha16@hillaryclinton.com> wrote: > > Haim hit all of us > Called me yesterday afternoon with same message. I told them they had said > something but they say he's only heard them talk about immigration. And if > Haim is raising it, it means he's hearing it from their Univision colleagues. > I told them I'd send what we had said so Kristina if you have that, would be > great. > Also told them about la raza but they thought that was too late. Do you think > we would get it as a question at the press avail tomorrow? Because it would > be perfect opportunity. > > On Jul 3, 2015, at 11:14 AM, Xochitl Hinojosa < > xhinojosa@hillaryclinton.com> wrote: > > I really like the idea of a challenge on the 4th and mentioning it in the > media avail- press will love it. It should also be in their speech at NCLR. > > On Jul 3, 2015, at 11:02 AM, Kristina Schake <kschake@hillaryclinton.com> > wrote: > > Maybe we could issue a challenge on social on the 4th, they could say in > the media avail to get it in video on Saturday and hit it again with > Brianna on Tuesday. > > Sent from my iPhone > > On Jul 3, 2015, at 10:54 AM, Jennifer Palmieri < > jpalmieri@hillaryclinton.com> wrote: > > Adding Amanda and Xotchil. > > Haim is right - we should be jamming this all the time. > > A and X - can we think about what else we should do? Issue a broader > challenge? Do something tie to Fourth of July were we declared all equal? > Get CHC to do a letter? > > Sent from my iPhone > > On Jul 3, 2015, at 10:51 AM, Kristina Schake <kschake@hillaryclinton.com> > wrote: > > They have spoked about their comments, but didn't say their name. They also > condemned republicans for not attacking him. Want us to pull the examples > of when they did? They could hit it again because he's still out there saying > it. > > Sent from my iPhone > > On Jul 3, 2015, at 10:39 AM, John Podesta <john.podesta@gmail.com> wrote: > > Haim thinks we are under reacting to Trump/Hispanics. Thinks we can get > something by standing up for Latinos or attacking R's for not condemning > > ---------- Forwarded message ---------- > From: *Haim Saban* <kussa@saban.com> > Date: Friday, July 3, 2015 > Subject: Hi > To: Robby Mook <re47@hillaryclinton.com> > Cc: "john.podesta@gmail.com" <john.podesta@gmail.com> > . > > All good tx > > John can share with you. > > > > *From:* Robby Mook [mailto:re47@hillaryclinton.com] > *Sent:* Thursday, July 02, 2015 7:01 PM > *To:* Haim Saban > *Subject:* Re: FW: Hi > > > > Perfect. Let me know if you need anything from me! > > > > On Thu, Jul 2, 2015 at 10:00 PM, Haim Saban <kussa@saban.com> wrote: > > On the phone with them > > > > *From:* Robby Mook [mailto:re47@hillaryclinton.com] > *Sent:* Thursday, July 02, 2015 6:50 PM > *To:* Haim Saban > *Subject:* Re: FW: Hi > > > > Just talked to John. He's calling you shortly. > > > > On Thu, Jul 2, 2015 at 3:53 PM, Haim Saban <kussa@saban.com> wrote: > > Resending to your current email. Tx. > > +1 (310) 557-5111. > > > > *From:* Haim Saban > *Sent:* Thursday, July 02, 2015 12:27 PM > *To:* 'Robby Mook (robbymook2015@gmail.com)'; 'john.podesta@gmail.com' > *Subject:* Hi > > > > Can one of you please call me at your earliest convenience? Tx > > > > > > > >
The gym can be a scary place, especially if you are new to fitness and unfamiliar with gym protocol. And while you may not feel completely comfortable, don't let intimidation stop you from reaching your goals. You just need a little gym etiquette training.
Just like any other community, the gym requires some special considerations. More often than not, general politeness works wonders, but if you'd like a more detailed approach, check out these 10 gym "don'ts."
1 / Don't Be A Chatty Cathy
Whether you're lifting with a buddy or just are in the gym on your own, it's tempting to use the gym as your social hour. Do not do this. If you're holding a dumbbell or barbell, lift it—don't just cradle it as you blab to your girlfriend about Timmy's school project. Other people want to use that equipment. This also goes for people who just sit on a bench or machine while they chat. There are a gazillion other places you can chat besides the pec deck. Do the work, or step away.
Even worse are the people who insist on talking in the middle of a difficult set. Hint: if the person you're talking to is breathing really hard, grunting, or is wearing an expression of pain mixed with mild panic, shut up. That person doesn't want to—and probably can't—talk to you. Sorry.
2 / Don't Smell
There's nothing worse than getting a deep breath of Acqua Di Gio when you're in the middle of a heavy squat. It means instant nausea, instant headache. I can't think of a reason why anyone would need to swim in cologne before they go to the gym. The same can be said about ladies: Love Spell perfume does not mix well with sweat and effort.
On the other hand, excessive body odor is just as bad. Treadmilling next to a person who clearly had numerous tequila shots and cigarettes the night before is an awful experience.
3 / Don't Leave Your Weights
Bro, I'm totally impressed that you can bench 315 pounds. But when you're done, please don't leave the plates on the bar. By doing this, you're essentially telling everyone else at the gym that you're more important than they are. That's just plain rude.
4 / Don't Leave A Sweat Puddle
Sweat happens. You're in a gym, that's what you do. But not everyone else in the gym wants to lay or sit in your puddle. It's just not the right way to mark your territory. Blech!
5 / Don't Coach
If you see someone who is clearly lifting improperly, don't say anything. OK, I'll allow this: Unless that person is in a near-death position and you are the only one who can save them, don't say anything. It's not your place.
Furthermore, knowing what you're talking about and thinking you know what you're talking about are two different things. If you learned from watching a YouTube video about proper deadlifting technique, telling Hulkmaster Huge in the corner that their feet aren't spaced wide enough is a bad call.
6 / Don't Be Selfish
Say it with me friends, "sharing is caring." Gyms have limited equipment. You may need to let someone do their working sets during your rest periods. True, if you share the cable machine, you may not be able to time your circuit like a Swiss watch. But that's not something to worry about—your biceps aren't going to lose an inch if you have to wait an extra 30 seconds.
7 / Don't Be Oblivious
Gyms are full of other people. No matter how awesome Eminem sounds blasting in your Dre Beats, you can't pretend that you're the only person there. That means you should be cognizant of how much room you're taking up, whether you're standing directly in front of someone, and how much noise you're making.
8 / Don't Ogle
Man or woman, it's difficult not to be aware of the myriad attractive people you may find in the gym. However, staring creepily at the chick doing bent-over rows or the dude doing barbell hip thrusts is not cool. Mind your own business.
9 / Don't Misuse Equipment
If you don't know how something works, ask. If you aren't sure that a machine is working properly, ask. If you think something's wrong with your treadmill, ask.
It's also best if you use equipment as it's meant to be used. For instance, if you find yourself doing biceps curls in a squat rack, you'd better move. Someone might kill you.
10 / Don't Make Fun of Overweight People
If you make fun of people who are in the gym trying to be more healthy and fit, then you are an asshat.
FC Dallas have proven to be a force in MLS this season, but that's not stopping them from looking for reinforcements.
Shortly after FC Dallas dispatched Orlando City, 4-0, in an Independence Day match on Monday night, the Western Conference club's technical director, Fernando Clavijo, stated that help is on the way in the form of a forward. Clavijo did not reveal who the player was, but stated that the forward would help to start striker Maximiliano Urruti.
Clavijo confirms #9 signing w/in next couple weeks. Not a "name" - fits Oscar's mold. "Different than what we have in Maxi, will help him" — 3rd Degree (@3rdDegreeNet) July 5, 2016
Clavijo recently said on ExtraTime Radio that Dallas were in the market for reinforcements to help push the club towards its goal of winning a championship. MLS's secondary transfer window opened on Monday.
"I think that we only have one really true striker when you're talking about Urruti, which they do an incredible job on the field. How much they run is incredible," Clavijo said on ETR. "But I think, realistically, we have to look at somebody up front and Oscar is asking us for some other help."
Bolstering the forward corps is smart insurance for FC Dallas, who moved to the top of the MLS standings with their win on Monday night. Urruti, who was acquired by FC Dallas when the club selected them with the No. 1 pick of the Re-Entry draft after last season, has scored three goals and added three assists in 17 games (16 starts) for the club this season. They had an assist in Monday's win against Orlando City.
The imprisonment on blasphemy charges of Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, better known as Ahok, has been a blow to hopes that their earlier success in public office represented the emergence of a more pluralist politics in Indonesia. There is little question that the accusation that Ahok had insulted the Koran, for which the evidence was always quite thin, contributed to their defeat in polls last month. Sadly, their defeat and imprisonment may discourage others of Ahok's ethnic and religious background from seeking public office.
Yet some journalists have gone further, arguing that Ahok's defeat and imprisonment are not just a solitary victory for the Islamists who demanded their ouster, but an indication that Indonesian Islam is increasingly intolerant, that its democracy is moving in a fundamentally illiberal direction, and that a well-funded coalition of Islamists and populists will ride the wave of these changes to victory in the next presidential election in 2019.
But there are also reasons to believe that these analysts have overstated the broader implications of the verdict, and that Indonesia will revert to form.
First, Indonesia has never been as tolerant as the clichéd praise of journalists and visiting dignitaries would suggest. Though the constitution allows for freedom of worship, this is in practice a group right rather than an individual right. The state authorises adherence to one of six religions, but citizens are not free to deviate from these six, and can be prosecuted under blasphemy laws for challenging religious authorities. Over 100 people have been charged with blasphemy since 2004. In the case of Ahok, the defendant was unusual, but the charges were not.
Indonesia's system of group rights affects how Muslim leaders and many of their followers think about politics and the role of religious minorities. Social cohesion is often placed ahead of freedom of conscience. For example, surveys conducted by Boston University's Jeremy Menchik in 2010 illustrated that even among the most tolerant Muslim groups in Indonesia, most clerics were opposed to the idea of a Christian serving as a leader of Muslim-majority areas like Jakarta. In other words, Indonesia is tolerant but not liberal.
Second, some research suggests opposition to Ahok may have had more to do with anti-Chinese sentiment than the influence of political Islam. During the Suharto era, even as Islamist organisations were suppressed, Indonesian leaders libelled the ethnic Chinese minority as a foreign business elite of questionable loyalty, curtailed their participation in public life, and stoked popular resentment to deflect criticism of their own cronyism, especially when economic growth faltered.
Under democratic rule, conditions for Chinese Indonesians improved, but indigenous elites have periodically returned to anti-Chinese rhetoric. President Jokowi's opponent in the 2014 presidential election, Prabowo Subianto, frequently used rhetoric that implied Chinese Indonesians were foreigners enriching themselves at the expense of their fellow Indonesians. And few Chinese Indonesians in the democratic era have succeeded in winning executive office. Again, Ahok was the exception, not the rule.
There is, however, a broader constituency for anti-Chinese populism than there is for political Islam, so it would be a mistake to assume that all those who marched or voted against Ahok also support the Islamist agenda. Some Islamist leaders, emboldened by Ahok's fall, say that they plan to tap into resentment against ethnic Chinese to push their agenda further. But without a target as prominent and polarising as Ahok, it will be more difficult to use anti-Chinese populism to mobilise popular resentment to the same degree.
The protests against Ahok last year that appear to have pushed the Attorney General to lodge the blasphemy case were very well-funded – and not for religious reasons. The largest protests since Indonesia's return to democracy received unprecedented financial and logistical support from an ad hoc coalition of political party bosses seeking to defeat a close ally of the president ahead of general elections in 2019 (as Jokowi themselves demonstrated in 2014, the Jakarta governorship is the ideal launching pad from which to mount one's own presidential campaign). Free transportation and food for the demonstrators, as well as donations to organising groups, were instrumental in managing the business of bringing hundreds of thousands into Jakarta to demonstrate against Ahok's alleged blasphemy, in demonstrations led by radical organisations that normally play a fringe role in Indonesian society.
Once Ahok was declared a suspect in the blasphemy case, however, the contributions dried up, and radicals' subsequent efforts to convene large demonstrations flopped. Even malcontent elites do not want their hard-line hatchet men given a seat at the table.
Attendees at the rallies were hardly liberals, but nor were they mostly Islamist radicals. Greg Fealy, a leading expert on Islamic activism in Indonesia who attended the largest, ultimately peaceful rally noted that participants explained to them that they were motivated to attend by a desire to take part in what promised to be a monumental gathering of their coreligionists. They agreed that Ahok should be removed from public life, but they stopped short of arguing that religious laws should be superior to the secular laws of the Republic.
The coalition of Islamists and populists that brought down Ahok have now trained their sights on a bigger target: President Jokowi, who is up for re-election in two years. But they will struggle to replicate their success against Jokowi, who has all the financial and political advantages of incumbency and, more importantly, is of Javanese rather than Chinese heritage, and a Muslim rather than a Christian. Smear campaigns suggesting otherwise during the 2014 presidential election were ineffective, and would be even less compelling following five closely watched years as President.
That said, the Jokowi Administration has erred as it has sought to push back against the forces of populism and intolerance by giving in to their demands that Ahok be tried for their remarks, and by adopting some of their illiberal tactics.
Jokowi realised too late that the blasphemy allegations might be successfully used against their erstwhile deputy. They avoided early opportunities to dispel the accusations as a smear campaign, for fear of being seen as too liberal, and their vague pronouncements about allowing the legal process to run its course provided too much room for manoeuvre to those who would exploit that process. Although the President stepped up their outreach to Islamic leaders and other major political figures when the scope of the crisis became clear, it was too little and came too late to turn back the momentum against Ahok.
By contrast, the day before Ahok was sentenced, the Jokowi Administration announced that it would go to court to seek the dissolution of the Islamist group Hizbut Tahrir, which played a leading role in the protests. Indonesian leaders have long considered banning the organisation because it advocates the establishment of a caliphate in Southeast Asia, but have held off because it rejects violence. The decision seems motivated more by politics than law, and it will require compliance from a court system that just demonstrated its fear of confrontational Islamist groups. Banning the organisation could also drive its followers underground, where security services will have greater difficulty monitoring their activity, and may prompt its followers to reconsider their non-violent approach.
The announcement – couched in the authoritarian language of the Suharto era – legitimises the dissolution of non-violent civil society groups, a practice far more likely to be used against minorities and those advocating for a more pluralist Indonesia than against other, less tolerant groups. As with the government's recent decision to bring treason charges against a motley but largely harmless crew of activists, fringe political figures and disaffected generals who were engaged in last year's protests, its move against Hizbut Tahrir highlights the risk that the government's heavy-handedness will backfire.
Jokowi thus bears some responsibility for the predicament in which they and their compatriots now find themselves. But all is not lost. There has been an outpouring of support for Ahok from supporters of pluralism and moderate civil society since the verdict was announced. Popular support for the forces of intolerance very well may have peaked, and if starved of elite support they are likely to continue foundering.
Jokowi has been damaged by the episode, but remains in a strong position going into Indonesia's long presidential campaign. They should learn from their earlier missteps, and take a strong stand against those actively politicising intolerance now rather than later, in the political arena rather than the courts, from a position of relative strength.
Aaron L Connelly , Matthew Busch
Paul George jokes after Indiana hits a franchise-record 19 3-pointers
Indiana Pacers forward Paul George (13) shoots the ball over Washington Wizards forward Otto Porter Jr. (22) during the first half at Verizon Center. (Photo: Brad Mills-USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights Bulls at Pacers, 8 p.m. Friday, FSI
WASHINGTON -- Before facing the Washington Wizards, Paul George reflected on their memories of the matchup. Two years ago, the Indiana Pacers were focused on exacting revenge in the Eastern Conference finals while the Washington Wizards were the rising, young team threatening to end their run in the second round of the playoffs. The Pacers finally survived the series in six games with what George now describes as the team's “special unit.”
George was referring to their old starting teammates, but after the Pacers' 123-106 win over the Wizards on Tuesday night, they need to make room in their heart for the pairing they have with C.J. Miles.
More than just “special,” the tandem was spectacular. George and Miles combined for 72 points. They missed only twice in 17 attempts from 3-point range. And together they blew out the wattage of Washington's star power, John Wall and Brad Beal (38 points combined).
Miles finished with 32 points, the most scored during their two seasons as a Pacer, and thrived beyond the 3-point arc for 8-of-9 makes. Then there was George, who was even more “special” – 40 points on 14-of-19 shooting, 7-of-8 from 3. As a team, Indiana (9-5) hit a franchise-record 19 3-pointers in 26 attempts. The previous record was 17.
“First time really having someone else just as hot,” said George before sharing their favorite compliment. “I didn't know we both missed one 3 a piece, so it's special, special night.”
George and Miles. Miles and George. No matter which name goes first, for at least one night the pair moved ahead of all other great duos in the NBA.
• BOX SCORE: Pacers 123, Wizards 106
According to Elias Sports, George-Miles became the fifth pair of teammates in league history to both make seven 3-pointers in a game. Through all their years around the NBA, Pacers coach Frank Vogel has never experienced something like this.
“No. We might have had some Pierce-Walker moments when both of those guys were going off,” Vogel said, recalling their time with the Boston Celtics with Paul Piece and Antoine Walker. “But not 8-for-9, 7-for-8. I don't think that's ever happened.”
An announced crowd of 15,486 fans remained silent through the first quarter as the Pacers hit their first nine shots – with Miles and George uniting for eight makes.
NEWSLETTERS Get the IndyStar Motor Sports newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong The latest news in IndyCar and the world of motor sports. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-357-7827. Delivery: Sun - Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for IndyStar Motor Sports Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“I just felt good. I was getting good looks,” explained Miles, who hit all four of their 3s in the quarter. “It's a confidence booster coming in games when you know you've got a four man (defending you).”
George, just as confident while playing in their natural wing position, shot masterfully through the first half (7-of-10, and the attempts mostly came on jump shots). But by the third quarter, they unlocked a new level of the zone.
Scoring more than half of the Pacers' 31 points, George made the Wizards' perimeter defense look vulnerable as they swished three 3-pointers to remain perfect from the arc in six attempts. George's only blemish came as they tossed up a 27-footer at the end of the quarter.
By the end of the night, many of those once tongue-tied Washington fans shrieked for George's attention as they walked back to the visitor's locker room. George was in the giving mood and extended their hands for high fives, then shared one-liners for the crowd of microphones. When asked why they play so well inside the Verizon Center – they scored 39 during a playoff game here – George smiled and said “I love being in D.C. Yeah, I got to get the president out for one game.” Also, when sharing thoughts about themselves and Miles, George joked: “We're the East Coast Splash Brothers.”
Though Golden State's Steph Curry and Klay Thompson form the league's most lethal scoring backcourt, George and Miles went beyond having a ‘Splash-esque' performance.
Behind the duo's heavy lifting, the Pacers made 73 percent of their 3-pointers, the best shooting percentage of any NBA with at least 25 attempts, according to Elias.
“We ran into a hot tandem there,” Washington coach Randy Wittman said. “They got started early and really never cooled off.”
So, such a night begs a question: Has Miles emerged as the trusty scoring sidekick over Monta Ellis?
Though Ellis signed with Indiana to bond with George in the spread lineup, he's been more of a willing facilitator than second-leading scorer and shares a team-best 5.3 assists per game. But Miles does not view this as a change in the pecking order. In fact, Miles wants to make more room in this duo.
“Obviously, Paul's Batman,” Miles said, “but maybe we just got three Robins.”
Follow Star reporter Candace Buckner on Twitter: @CandaceDBuckner
Bulls at Pacers, 8 p.m. Friday, FSI
You can argue about when the contemporary era of white male reaction in American politics began. But surely May 8, 1970, four days after National Guardsmen opened fire on students at Kent State University, deserves a hearing.
On that day, a student protest in Manhattan against the shootings in Ohio was met by a counteroffensive — the “Hard Hat Riot.” Dozens of construction workers organized, marched and clobbered the protesters, kicking them and beating them with hard hats in what the New York Times described as a “wild noontime melee.”
If the GOP finally begins diversifying its coalition, white males will have to learn to share the big tent.
The construction workers were sick of hippies, sick of leftists, sick of privileged college kids complaining about the war and the draft and the country. Some rioters branched off to Pace University, near City Hall, where they beat up more kids after having been pelted with objects hurled from the school's roof. Less than three weeks later, President Richard Nixon welcomed a delegation of hard hats to the White House.
The riot was extreme. But the combustible mix of resentments and prerogatives that it channeled has resurfaced time and again for half a century. In the spring of 1995, months after a midterm election in which “angry white males” were credited with powering Republicans to a historic victory in Congress, President Bill Clinton said that it was a psychologically difficult moment “for a lot of white males — the so-called angry white male.”
The angry white males who vexed Clinton in the 1990s were muted during the presidency of George W. Bush. But for some, the psychological adjustment to empowered women and a more diverse citizenry never did arrive. Under Bush's Democratic successor, the angry white guys promptly reappeared, recast as the Tea Party, to wage a culture war under the guise of a tax protest.
[np_storybar title=”Read & Debate” link=””] Find
Full Comment on Facebook
[/np_storybar]
The flowering of Donald Trump's campaign this summer arguably represents the political peak of the angry white male. In Trump, the aggravated and aggrieved have a presidential candidate who speaks their language and openly validates their resentments. They also have a candidate at risk of a decisive defeat — one with the potential to dislodge the angry white male from the center of American politics.
Change is coming. A study by the union-backed Economic Policy Institute predicts that the American working class will be majority nonwhite by 2032 — a decade earlier than the population as a whole. But with a disastrous, divisive showing in November, Trump could begin to usher the angry white male off center stage.
Democracy Corps, a project of Democratic pollster Stanley Greenberg and consultant James Carville, both of whom are longtime students of white working-class voters, released a memo this week that is remarkably incautious about the 2016 election, stating that “America is about to experience a once-in-a-lifetime earthquake of an election.”
Hillary Clinton is beginning to emerge with the kind of lead you would expect in a country where over 60 percent of the electorate will be racial minorities, single women, millennials, and seculars and where the positive sentiment about the Democratic Party is 9 points higher than for the Republicans.
If Greenberg and Carville prove to be correct, perhaps those white male voters can continue to dominate a few more midterm elections, when the electorate is older and whiter than during presidential years.
But in the event of a Trump fiasco in November, Republicans will be looking for answers to a demographic problem for which none of the answers is “white male.” Even if the party freezes in place, incapable of making necessary changes, or fractures altogether, the result will be a diminished GOP, not a restoration of white male power.
And if the party finally begins diversifying its coalition, white males will have to learn to share the big tent. Trump's racially polarizing campaign, and celebration of crude machismo, will make that more difficult. But no matter the course Republican politics takes, it's hard to see how angry white males can remain the party's abiding focus. Growing constituencies will need care and feeding. The half-century masculine scream that began with a hard-hat riot may finally begin to fade under the administration of the first woman president.
Bloomberg View
Anyone who has been to Death Valley in Eastern California knows it can be a harsh, fearful environment.
I grew up in the comfortable climate of the Pacific Northwest, where the temps seldom rise above the mid-80s. The first time I came to Death Valley it was an instant shock to my delicate system. I stepped out of my car into the blistering 126-degree heat and nearly choked on my own stifled breath.
The second time I visited the park, I was actually blown over by a gust of wind, right onto my ass. Granted, I weigh in at just over a Benjamin (100lbs). But that's 85% Grade-A lean meat of Benji. I'd expect a little more stability from all the time I put into my training.
As you can imagine, I fell in love with this place with a quickness. Every girl loves a bad boy who can choke them and knock them down, but still astounds them with awe and makes them cry tears of joy. Am I right?
Look, it's a complicated relationship.
Donald Trump campaign spokesperson Katrina Pierson admitted their “timeline” was off when they suggested that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were somehow to blame for the death of U.S. Army Capt. Humayun Khan, who died in Iraq in 2004 — when George W. Bush was commander in chief.
“What I was talking about is Donald Trump has no connection with anything to do with Capt. Khan,” Pierson said on CNN's “New Day” Wednesday morning. “Hillary Clinton voted for the war in Iraq. They did not support the surge. Barack Obama made things worse by invading more countries than President Bush did.”
“Donald Trump wasn't there,” they added. “That was the only point. Donald Trump is being blamed for something they had nothing to do with.”
During a discussion with CNN's Wolf Blitzer the night before, Pierson was asked if their boss had any plans to apologize to the Khan family for suggesting that Ghazala Khan, Humayun's grieving mother, was not “allowed” to speak at last week's Democratic National Convention because they are Muslim.
“What exactly is Mr. Trump supposed to be apologizing for?” Pierson asked. “It was under Barack Obama and Hillary Clinton that changed the rules of engagements that probably cost their life.”
The gaffe went viral overnight, as a hashtag (#KatrinaPiersonHistory) mocking their grasp of history began trending on Twitter.
#KatrinaPiersonHistory Obama introduced John Lennon to Yoko Ono and well, you know… pic.twitter.com/Hr7HExbhPr — EGCollins (@EGCollins) August 3, 2016
According to Trump spox Katrina Pierson, were it not for President Obama's failed policies, Abraham Lincoln would still be alive. — RUSS BENGT$ON (@russbengtson) August 2, 2016
#KatrinaPiersonHistory Remember the Alamo? Obama and Hillary let it happen. pic.twitter.com/mupfFdKsr8 — Scott Wooledge (@Clarknt67) August 3, 2016
“We would have won the Vietnam War if it wasn't for Obama” – Katrina Pierson — Just Maybe (@ShomahKhoobi) August 3, 2016
Obama knew about that iceberg but didn't warn the captain of the Titanic #KatrinaPiersonHistory — Tara Rodham Dublin (@taradublinrocks) August 3, 2016
Pierson even used the hashtag herself.
But it backfired.
The war of words between Trump and the Khans began at last week's Democratic National Convention, where Khizr Khan delivered a stinging rebuke of Trump over their call for a ban on Muslims entering the United States — a policy that would have prevented their son from serving in the U.S. military.
“Donald Trump, you're asking Americans to trust you with their future,” Khan said. “Let me ask you: Have you even read the United States Constitution? I will gladly lend you my copy. … Look for the words liberty and equal protection of law.”
Khizr Khan said Pierson's comments were another example of a “lack of factual correctness” among Trump's surrogates.
“Please, show some decency,” Khan said on CNN Tuesday following Pierson, a frequent guest on cable news.
On Wednesday, Pierson admitted they were “absolutely” wrong to assert Obama and Clinton's actions cost Khan their life.
“That's why I used ‘probably,‘” they said. “I was just going through the timeline. Because since then, we have had tens of thousands of soldiers that have been lost, 1 million wounded. Six trillion dollars later, how can we possibly put any of the onus on Donald Trump? It's absolutely absurd, and that's why you see so much confusion around this issue.”
“But no one was blaming Donald Trump for Captain Khan's death,” CNN's Alisyn Camerota said. “You were blaming President Obama and they aren't president yet.”
Our products are found on land, in the air, and at sea. Since its establishment, Dillon Aero has fielded more than 6,000 weapons systems in more than 30 countries. Since 2000, Dillon's product line has grown to include high-capacity feed systems for the M134D as well as the M240, M60, PKM, .50 cal Heavy Machine Gun, and MK19 Grenade Launcher; a wide range of helicopters, naval, and vehicle weapon mounts; and a complete line of safety and support equipment for the Minigun.
Notably, the M134D is predominantly used in helicopters, and is now customizable to all military and commercial helicopters. As a modular system, it is easily adapted to any existing platform, and performs equally well in the Fixed Forward Fire or Crew Served modes. Dillon weapons, mounts, and ammunition handling systems have been integrated into 16 different rotary wing platforms totaling more than 817 separate aircraft installations.
On land, the M134D is presently deployed worldwide for convoy escort, border patrol, and VIP protection. Dillon M134s have been integrated into vehicles ranging from HMMWVs and Armored Personnel Carriers to the US Army CROWS Remote Weapons Station. Most recently, the M134 was made a requirement for the USSOCOM GMV1.1 program.
In the naval role, Miniguns are utilized in force protection on the U.S. and foreign blue water and riverine fleets, as well as fire support weapons on Special Operations boats. The Dillon Point Guard Naval Defense System was developed to provide protection against small Boat Born Improvised Explosive Devices (BBIED) and is in service with the US, UK, French, Italian, Colombian, and Peruvian Navies on a wide variety of Blue Water ships. The compact size and ease of use of the Minigun combined with its proven combat effectiveness provide small watercraft with a powerful punch.
Story highlights Three top pro-immigration business groups said Congress needs to pass legislation
The top lobbyists said they were hopeful Congress could work on legislation next year
While not necessarily thrilled about executive action, they emphasize working together
Big Business isn't embracing President Barack Obama's decision to reform the immigration system by executive order, but the community's top lobbyists aren't joining Republicans in slamming Obama's announcement, either.
They just want the President and Congress to move forward on a permanent solution to fix a broken immigration system -- which they say can only happen through legislation.
Three top groups, which have descended on Capitol Hill to argue the economic benefits of an immigration overhaul, said arguments on the President's authority to shield millions from deportation should take a back seat to passing legislation in the next Congress.
Tom Donohue, president of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said that while Obama's executive actions "raise important legal and constitutional questions," Congress and the President should press ahead toward the goal of achieving bipartisan legislation.
JUST WATCHED Obama: Immigration system feels unfair Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama: Immigration system feels unfair 02:15
JUST WATCHED Boehner rips Obama's immigration order Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Boehner rips Obama's immigration order 02:05
JUST WATCHED Obama sounds exactly like Bush on Immigration Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Obama sounds exactly like Bush on Immigration 01:59
JUST WATCHED Dem. response to Obama immigration plan Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Dem. response to Obama immigration plan 01:18
"The debate over the president's announcement must not be allowed to forestall progress on critical priorities," Donohue said in a statement. "We call upon the president and lawmakers of both parties to enact common sense measures to provide the American economy with the workers it needs at all skill levels, while better securing our borders and dealing with undocumented immigrants."
The Chamber of Commerce and other business groups joined in an unlikely coalition last year with labor groups to urge Congress to pass comprehensive immigration reform -- a partnership that has helped immigration advocates make headway in Congress.
Business Roundtable Senior Director Matt Sonnesyn, who leads the group's work to achieve immigration reform, said they were hopeful congressional Republicans could move past Obama's executive action and toward bipartisan legislation by the spring.
But Sonnesyn said Obama's decision to act unilaterally "certainly doesn't help us get to a solution" and said even after Obama's executive orders kick in, "our immigration system will still be broken."
"Certainly what the President did last night isn't going to make it easier for everyone to come together to fix immigration," Sonnesyn said. "After some of the initial emotion dials down from what's happened here, we'll all be able to look at this constructively."
That emotion is resounding among GOP congressional leaders and potential Republican candidates. House Speaker John Boehner said Obama "cemented their legacy of lawlessness," Sen. Rand Paul said they "will not sit idly by and let the President bypass Congress and our Constitution" and Sen. Ted Cruz called Obama's actions unconstitutional.
Boehner said Friday the House "will in fact act" on immigration, but did not give specifics as to how the body would respond to Obama's executive action.
Business Roundtable, which among other groups, lobbied Congress last year alongside the Chamber of Commerce and the Partnership for a New American Economy to pass the Senate's bipartisan reform bill, supports most of the policies Obama announced Thursday, but would like to see them in the form of legislation.
Sonnesyn said they are hopeful the Republican-led House, which did not take up the Senate's immigration bill, will work to pass immigration legislation or a series of smaller bills that address some of the key problems.
One of the key players in that effort will be Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, a Republican from Florida who has worked to push an immigration bill through the House.
Diaz-Balart said they question the legal authority of Obama's actions, but said Friday on CNN that they support "a lot of the specific things in the President's executive order."
And Diaz-Balart appeared ready to move past that question in favor of working toward legislation, arguing that voters' message in the midterms was a call to end dysfunction and work together.
"I'm going to try to work with the President or anybody else, whether it's immigration reform or other important issues," Diaz-Balart said. "I hope we can work through this."
John Feinblatt, chairperson of the Partnership for a New American Economy, said the benefits of the policies Obama announced Thursday will ultimately outweigh how those policies came to be.
"You're going to here a lot of people take issue with the process but in the end I think you have to distinguish between the process and the substance," Feinblatt said.
But Feinblatt, a close adviser to former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who founded the group, said they are just glad "everybody in Washington is talking about immigration."
"We're no longer arguing about whether to do immigration," Feinblatt said. "We might be arguing about which branch should lead, we might be arguing about the process, we might be arguing about how you do it -- but we're not actually arguing about whether this country needs to reform its immigration policies. That's progress."
The economic and political imperatives to reform the immigration system will ultimately prompt Republicans to work toward legislation before the 2016 presidential election, Feinblatt said, pointing to the growth of Hispanics and Asians as a share of the voting population.
"Congress Is going to have to get to work," they said.
The genetic variability of a tumour could be a predictor for its aggressiveness: the greater the variability in gene expression, the more aggressive the tumour is likely to be. This is the hypothesis that the CNIO Structural Biology and Biocomputing Programme, led by Alfonso Valencia, is testing, after their findings on chronic lymphocytic leukaemia (CLL), now published in the journal Genome Medicine.
The team analysed gene expression in two cohorts of patients with CLL, the most common blood cancer in adults that is characterised by an overproduction of B-lymphocytes in the bone marrow and the lymph nodes. This cancer is classified into two subtypes with very different clinical outcomes: on one hand, patients with IgVH gene mutations have a good prognosis --the illness is less aggressive, it progresses very slowly and usually doesn't require treatment-- and survive for more than 20 years; on the other hand, patients with non-mutated CLL have a more aggressive disease that progresses faster, and an average survival rate of under 10 years.
The researchers examined a total of 70 mutated and 52 non-mutated CLL samples, as well as 20 control samples taken from healthy individuals. In light of their findings, the team concludes that non-mutated leukaemia, i.e. the more aggressive type, shows increased gene expression variability across individuals; whereas gene expression variability is lower in the less aggressive, mutated leukaemia. These observations were further validated by comparing them against a second sample group consisting of 24 mutated and 36 non-mutated CLL samples.
"Our conclusion is that the coefficient of variation for gene expression in CLL efficiently predicts its aggressiveness," explains Alfonso Valencia. "More importantly, if further research confirms these findings, a classifier based on the measurement of gene expression variability could be created to predict the disease subtype of CLL patients."
500 GENES CONFERRING AGGRESSIVENESS
In the study, CLL aggressiveness is specifically determined by a set of 500 genes showing increased expression variability across individuals. These genes are involved in processes such as the adaptation to the environment, cell death, tumour growth and drug resistance. The team's next step is to discover the mechanism(s) responsible for the high levels of expression variability for a given gene across individuals.
Understanding the mechanisms underlying this phenomenon is of crucial relevance for oncology research, as it is linked to tumour heterogeneity, a key feature of cancer progression and drug resistance: the greater the genetic variability in a tumour, the better it will adapt to the environment where it grows, and the more probabilities for this tumour to spread, develop resistance to cancer therapies and metastasise to distant organs.
###
The study has been funded by the Ministry of Economy and Competitiveness, the BLUEPRINT Consortium and the Spanish chronic lymphocytic leukaemia project of the International Cancer Genome Consortium (ICGC).
Reference article:
Higher gene expression variability in the more aggressive subtype of chronic lymphocytic leukemia. Simone Ecker, Vera Pancaldi, Daniel Rico, Alfonso Valencia. Genome Medicine (2015). doi: 10.1186/s13073-014-0125-z
When pregnant women in Poland decide to have an abortion, they take a common but highly secretive step. "I found some phone numbers in the newspaper; I called around," explains a young blonde woman named Jola. The doctors are listed anonymously in the classifieds section offering to "induce menstruation" or provide "full service." Everybody understands.
"You cannot use the words 'abortion' or 'termination'; rather, 'I am pregnant – can you help me?' Something like that," they say, speaking of their illegal abortion in the 2009 Polish documentary, "Underground Women's State." None of the seven women interviewed give their full name and all are well disguised.
Although the topic has long been taboo in Poland, leaders on both sides of the abortion debate now acknowledge the existence of this hidden, private practice. And this month, the Polish parliament is expected to vote on whether to liberalize its abortion policy, one of the strictest in Europe.
Under the current law, a woman is allowed an abortion paid for by Poland's universal healthcare only if they are raped, if their health is at risk, or if the fetus is severely deformed. However, anti-abortion sentiment is so strong in Poland that even in those cases, hospitals will often object to the service on the grounds of their own religious beliefs. (In Poland's most famous case, Alicja Tysiac was awarded 25,000 euros – $33,000 – in 2007 by the European Court of Human Rights, after being denied an abortion even though eye specialists had warned that giving birth could make them go blind.)
The legislation proposed by Palikot Movement, a new left-leaning political party, would make abortion available until the 12th week of pregnancy; introduce free or subsidized contraception; and improve the quality of sex education in schools. Advocates of the bill say the current law has not prevented abortions; rather it has fueled a vast, illegal abortion underground.
The legislation is unlikely to win the initial voting round, let alone become law, given the current political climate. Just last year, the lower house of parliament voted in favor of an all-out ban on abortion – that would do away with the current exceptions – by 254 to 151, though it did not survive in the subsequent steps to become law.
But the latest bill signals a renewed energy by the left to challenge the abortion status quo. And the topic of women's reproductive rights is set to gain more national attention at the upcoming 4th Congress of Women, a meeting of Poland's most prominent women from business, government, academia, NGOs, and the media, that will be held on September 14 and 15 at Warsaw's Palace of Science and Culture.
Post-Communism, underground abortion
In Poland's capital, Warsaw, there is a complex mixture of communist legacy and the capitalism of recent years. A glitzy shopping mall sits across the street from the Stalinist Palace of Science and Culture. Monolithic concrete apartment blocks from the 1960s are juxtaposed with shiny, American-inspired coffee chains.
On the issue of women's reproductive rights, the contrast between the past and the present is equally stark. Often young women growing up in today's democratic Poland are shocked to learn that their mothers, grandmothers, or aunts once had abortions, which were permitted and widely performed during communist times. In 1981, there were 230,000 legal abortions recorded.
By 1993, abortion was effectively banned in Poland in response to pressure from the Catholic Church, which had been instrumental in the fight against Communism. Today, between 90 and 95 percent of Poles identify themselves as Roman Catholic and the church continues to enjoy strong influence over the country's political affairs.
Now, according to official government reports, there are on average 300 abortions performed each year in the country of 38 million people. But the Polish Federation for Women and Family Planning – a pro-choice advocacy group – contends that the actual number falls somewhere between 80,000 and 200,000, generating an estimated $95 million annually for doctors.
However, since it is difficult to accurately quantify the abortion underground, there is disagreement on its scope.
"It is obvious that the official statistics on the number of abortions differ from reality," said Dr. Pawel Wosicki, president of the Polish Federation of Pro-Life Movement. "[Illegal abortion] is a problem, but there is no evidence that this is a very big problem."
According to CBOS, a Polish research institute, recent public opinion polls show that society is evenly split on the issue of abortion. While there has been growing public acknowledgement that the current law has not stopped abortion, many are convinced that it has at least reduced the number of procedures performed. Dr. Wosicki and other pro-life campaigners also believe that there should be more active prosecution of doctors who perform illegal, underground abortions.
On the other hand, the small number of vocal pro-choice activists argues that the current law does not reflect reality and degrades women.
A costly and dangerous procedure
When a woman decides to have an abortion for non-legal reasons, it is either performed on the black market or in other European countries, such as Germany, Britain, or the Czech Republic. The procedure often comes at a high financial cost – between 1,500 and 4,500 zloties ($450 to $1,350) – and for most women, it is as much as their average monthly salary.
Although many underground abortions are thought to be safe and performed by professionals, its covert and unregulated nature ensures there is always risk involved.
"It's never as safe as if it was in a clinic, openly, where you have access to emergency services when something goes wrong," explains Anka Grzywacz of the Polish Federation for Women and Family Planning.
One patient recalls a doctor smoking cigarettes in the room where the procedure was to take place. Another tells of being abandoned by the doctor before they woke up from the surgery, leaving them to find a way home, still in excruciating pain. Doctors are especially fearful. Even though they reap a sizable profit, it is they, not the women obtaining the abortion, who are prosecuted by the penal system.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Increasingly, women are turning to the Internet for information about and support for abortion. One of the most well-known and utilized sources is the Dutch NGO Women on Web – an extension of Women on Waves, which controversially provides abortions on ships. The Internet has also been an important way for women who want or who have had abortions to share their experiences anonymously, since many never tell a single person – not even their best friend.
"Everyone in this chain of information is very scared," says Agata Chelstowska, a PhD student at the University of Warsaw and women's rights activist. "It's very silent and I know that women are ashamed to talk about it."
When I was a kid, my mum used to yell at me and literally chase me in the yard just to make me go back inside the house. However, in the world of today, things are quite the opposite – parents find themselves doing miracles to get their children off the computers and all the gadgets that seem to be ruining their childhood, and get them to play outside.
Although it may not seem so at first, probably one of the best ways to get your kids engaged in some outdoor activity and get them off the screen, is gardening. Although many of you may think that gardening is not that appealing to kids, think twice – it is done out in the fresh air and it involves some quality bonding time with your little ones. What else is there to ask for? It certainly is worth the try. So let's take a look at some of the reasons why you should team up with your kids and introduce them to gardening.
First of all, the health benefits of gardening are endless. It offers the much-needed contact with microorganisms in the soil, which is crucial for the development of a strong immune system able to fight off allergies and asthma. Plus, it is done outdoors under the sunshine, so they will certainly get the much-needed vitamin D for bone growth. Gardening is great for keeping children fit too. Find the right gardening equipment and let the fun begin. Activities like digging in the dirt or carrying a watering can are great forms of exercise and can help release excess energy in hyperactive children.
By handling the gardening equipment, children will also develop their basic motor skills. However, make sure they're handling only the parts of the equipment that are safe for them, such as plastic shovels for instance. Compliment them every time they manage to use a tool properly, but if they struggle with something – don't criticize them – let them figure it out on their own or help them.
Besides having positive effects on their physical development, gardening is also great for developing children's cognitive side too. They are naturally curious beings and they will ask you a lot of questions like: Why do plants need water? What will happen if they don't get any sun? Why is the soil so important? By wondering about these complex biological processes, children could develop an increased interest in science. This is also a great opportunity for them to learn the cause and effect relationship. Explain to them that if they don't water the plants regularly, they will start to wither. By watering the plants daily, your children will learn the basic principles of responsibility.
Moreover, gardening helps children learn a lot of social skills as well. Tending a garden has been scientifically proven to help develop empathy. Therefore, caring for plants increases their care for people too. And not to mention how spending time together in the garden as a family could help you develop a stronger bond.
What started out as a simple trick to get them outside of the house can evolve into a healthy and educational habit. When they grow older, your children will thank you for the precious memories they have of you and them caring for the garden together. Happy gardening!
2.1 or earlier
The save and load system has been there for over a year. Still glitchy af.Saving happens normally. Before i couldn't load my save. Now i can... but an almost year old one.So. Go and fix this already i can't buy a new tablet/phone/anything if this is not fixed!!So come on Rob!Profile name change. I changed my name from Venomdemon to TrueVenom last summer. I have not changed the device i play with after that. And what did happen? It f#cked up. When i look at my profile, it shows Venomdemon. When i look at my levels or comments, it shows TrueVenom. It maybe doesn't sound very annoying, but it really is.I expect both these errors to be fixed at(especially the first one). Please do something Rob, nobody wants to play a game that is literallyof errors.~VenomP.s. if you want, you can check my levels
It's official, metro.co.uk readers think Doctor Who was the best TV show of 2014.
Doctor Who, which saw Peter Capaldi take over the role of the Doctor, bagged 40% of the vote.
Close behind was Sherlock with almost 30% followed by Game of Thrones with 23%.
Game Of Thrones, The Walking Dead, Sherlock and Doctor Who went head-to-head in our TV battle, with our team of bloggers championing their favourite shows.
You loved Peter Capadli's debut Doctor Who season (Picture: BBC)
Ross McD had championed Game Of Thrones, saying: ‘Each ending season seems unsurpassable yet it continues to get better and better, with season four being the best yet…'
In The Walking Dead's corner was Abigail Chandler, who said: ‘The Walking Dead is that rare thing – a show which gets better as it goes on.'
For Tim Liew, it was clear Sherlock was the best show of the year: ‘Sherlock was the best show of 2014. You don't need to be the world's only consulting detective or a high-functioning sociopath to work that out.'
But Cameron K McEwan had faith in Doctor Who, saying: ‘The show has left Matt Smith behind and propelled itself into a new dimension with its new, and old, leading man, Peter Capaldi.'
Published on Feb 13, 2015
Subscribe to TRAILERS: http://bit.ly/sxaw6h
Subscribe to COMING SOON: http://bit.ly/H2vZUn
Like us on FACEBOOK: http://goo.gl/dHs73
Follow us on TWITTER: http://bit.ly/1ghOWmt
Crimson Peak Official Trailer #1 (2015) - Tom Hiddleston, Jessica Chastain Movie HD
Legendary Pictures' Crimson Peak, a co-production with Universal Pictures, is a haunting gothic horror story directed by the master of dark fairy tales, Guillermo del Toro (Pan's Labyrinth, Hellboy series, Pacific Rim), written by del Toro & Matthew Robbins and starring Mia Wasikowska, Jessica Chastain, Tom Hiddleston, Charlie Hunnam and Jim Beaver. In the aftermath of a family tragedy, an aspiring author is torn between love for their childhood friend and the temptation of a mysterious outsider. Trying to escape the ghosts of their past, they are swept away to a house that breathes, bleeds… and remembers. Thomas Tull, Jon Jashni, del Toro and Callum Greene produce, and Jillian Share executive produces.
The Movieclips Trailers channel is your destination for the hottest new trailers the second they drop. Whether it's the latest studio release, an indie horror flick, an evocative documentary, or that new RomCom you've been waiting for, the Movieclips team is here day and night to make sure all the best new movie trailers are here for you the moment they're released.
In addition to being the #1 Movie Trailers Channel on YouTube, we deliver amazing and engaging original videos each week. Watch our exclusive Ultimate Trailers, Showdowns, Instant Trailer Reviews, Monthly MashUps, Movie News, and so much more to keep you in the know.
Here at Movieclips, we love movies as much as you!
An Apopka Memorial Middle School teacher was arrested Friday after police accused them of exchanging sexual messages with a 14-year-old student over Snapchat and Kik messenger.
Physical education teacher Alyson Nicole London, 44, was arrested on charges of attempted deprivation of custody, failure to report suspected child abuse, solicitation to commit sexual battery, transmitting harmful information to a child, contributing to child delinquency and illegal use of a phone, according to a police report.
London began messaging an eighth-grade girl in their class last year, and Apopka police said the relationship grew. The girl's mother had their child removed from London's class, and school officials directed London not to have further contact with the teen, according to the report.
But London and the girl remained in contact, and the content of their conversations were often sexual, according to the report. Messages between the two included in the report showed London coaching the teen in sexual technique.
The girl confided in London about their home life and told the teacher they had been raped, "stabbed with needles" and drugged at school, according to the report. London did not report the alleged abuse to the Department of Children and Families as is required of teachers by law.
CAPTION The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System, an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours, without shipping it to a state lab. The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System, an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours, without shipping it to a state lab. CAPTION The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System, an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours, without shipping it to a state lab. The Orlando Police Department is asking local legislators for $250,000 to purchase the ANDE 6C Rapid DNA System, an instant DNA-testing technology that allows law enforcement to test and compare evidence in-house in less than two hours, without shipping it to a state lab. CAPTION Two Orlando-area massage parlors and women are among the dozens implicated in a six-month statewide investigation into human trafficking, prostitution and racketeering. Two Orlando-area massage parlors and women are among the dozens implicated in a six-month statewide investigation into human trafficking, prostitution and racketeering. CAPTION An engineering student at UCF was arrested after police discovered they were keeping a fully-automatic AR-15 in their car at their on-campus apartment, authorities said. An engineering student at UCF was arrested after police discovered they were keeping a fully-automatic AR-15 in their car at their on-campus apartment, authorities said. CAPTION A Chuluota man killed their parents and brother after they were kicked out of their home and accused of stealing more than $200,000 from their family to send to a woman they had met on a porn website, according to the Sheriff's Office. A Chuluota man killed their parents and brother after they were kicked out of their home and accused of stealing more than $200,000 from their family to send to a woman they had met on a porn website, according to the Sheriff's Office. CAPTION Announcing the solving of the Christine Franke cold case from 2001, Orlando Police chief Orlando Rolón, Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer, detectives and family members gather for a press conference at Orlando Police headquarters, Monday, Nov. 5, 2018. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Announcing the solving of the Christine Franke cold case from 2001, Orlando Police chief Orlando Rolón, Orlando mayor Buddy Dyer, detectives and family members gather for a press conference at Orlando Police headquarters, Monday, Nov. 5, 2018. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel)
Detectives recovered about 130,000 messages between London and the girl.
London posted a $32,750 bond about 4 a.m. Saturday. They have been removed from the classroom, a school district spokesperson said.
cdoornbos@orlandosentinel.com or 407-650-6931
The National Strength and Conditioning Association is asking the public to disregard the claims its study made regarding injuries in CrossFit. After two years of inaction and litigation, the NSCA has finally issued an erratum, or correction, regarding one of its most prominent studies.
The study, “Crossfit-Based High-Intensity Power Training Improves Maximal Aerobic Fitness and Body Composition,” claimed that 16 percent of its subjects cited “overuse or injury” as their reasons for not completing the training. The full text is available here.
Furthermore, the NSCA study employed its alleged injury rate to caution readers about the risks of CrossFit training, explaining,
A unique concern with any high intensity training program such as HIPT or other similar programs is the risk of overuse injury. In spite of a deliberate periodization and supervision of our Crossfit-based training program by certified fitness professionals, a notable percentage of our subjects (16%) did not complete the training program and return for follow-up testing. While peer-reviewed evidence of injury rates pertaining to high intensity training programs is sparse, there are emerging reports of increased rates of musculoskeletal and metabolic injury in these programs(1). This may call into question the risk-benefit ratio for such extreme training programs …
The NSCA study reported that 16 percent injury rate without the slightest base of evidence. CrossFit Inc. and CrossFit 614, the affiliate where the study's training occurred, each filed lawsuits to protect themselves from the NSCA's willingly-published false information.
The facts are clear: Every relevant subject in the study has sworn to the court that the study's injury claims were false. The subjects have also all sworn that the authors made their claims without ever asking the subjects their reasons for not completing the study.
Please read a full review of CrossFit's case against the NSCA here.
When CrossFit Inc. contacted the NSCA and reported that the authors had failed to substantiate their claims, the NSCA editor-in-chief William Kraemer responded that peer review was sufficient evidence of the study's validity. In fact, it was not. The NSCA published the Devor study despite knowing the researchers had failed to substantiate their claims.
The NSCA's Admits it Published False Information
On Sept. 11, 2015, the NSCA's “Journal of Strength and Conditioning Research” published ahead of print an erratum.
Erratum, Latin for ‘error,' is a term some academic journals use in place of “Correction.” Oxford University's dictionary defines its plural, errata, as “A list of corrected errors appended to a book or published in a subsequent issue of a journal.”
Here is the full text of the NSCA's admission:
Erratum: In reference to Smith, MM, Sommer, AJ, Starkoff, BE, and Devor, ST. Crossfit-based high-intensity power training improves maximal aerobic fitness and body composition. J Strength Cond Res 27(11): 3159 –3172, 2013, the authors have stated that the reasons for participants not completing follow-up testing, as reported in the article, were provided to the authors by the club owner. The club owner has denied that they provided this information. After the article was published, 10 of the 11 participants who did not complete the study have provided their reasons for not finishing, with only 2 mentioning injury or health conditions that prevented them from completing follow-up testing. In light of this information, injury rate should not be considered a factor in this study. This change does not affect the overall conclusion of the article.
Note that NSCA's erratum is based on sworn statements made in the context of litigation. Without litigation, the published errors would almost certainly have stood unchallenged. CrossFit's and CrossFit 614's lawsuits have proven essential to correcting the scientific record.
While the NSCA's confession is a first step, it still propagates at least two falsehoods:.
Falsehood 1: Subjects Got Hurt Doing CrossFit Training
The NSCA's erratum states two subjects mentioned “injury or health conditions that prevented them from completing follow-up testing.” This gives the false impression that the Devor study's injury allegation was partially true. And it omits crucial publicly available information.
Neither of those two subjects got hurt doing the CrossFit classes at CrossFit 614. In fact, one of the subjects had a pre-existing medical condition that prevented them from completing the study. The other subject injured themselves outside the CrossFit training program examined in this study.
Clearly, injuries cannot be reasonably attributed to the training intervention profiled in the NSCA study. Why does the NSCA omit this fact?
As Dr. Steven Devor told CrossFit Inc. employee Russell Berger,
I can't control what they're doing outside of when they're doing CrossFit or when they're in the lab. And you're right, they could have, for all I know, fallen off a ladder and had an injury, and that's why they didn't come back, but they're reporting to us, in some way shape or form, that I've got an injury, but—. You're right, it might not be from directly from doing CrossFit.
Falsehood 2: The NSCA's Correction Does Not Affect the Overall Conclusion of the Article
The last line of NSCA's erratum appears to play down the significance of the correction by claiming it “does not affect the overall conclusion of the article.”
As CrossFit CEO and Founder Greg Glassman has said, this “is an obvious lie.” Injury is not a passing line in the Devor study; it motivates an entire paragraph in the Discussion section, cited above, in which the authors editorialize on the significance of the unsubstantiated injury rate.
The paragraph claims that injury is a “unique” concern with this style of training. The claim was baseless when the article was published, and it's even less true now.
Take the injury claim away – what do you have? The study found that this style of training “significantly improves VO2max and body composition in subjects of both genders across all levels of fitness.”
That aspect of the article may remain unchanged, but now there's no need to “call into question the risk-benefit ratio for such extreme training programs”—a very significant change indeed.
CrossFit just works.
YOSEMITE – There are currently four fires burning in Yosemite National Park.
The Tenaya Fire (37 46.091 x 119 34.641 – Mariposa Co., 7200′ elevation, date reported 9/7). This wildfire began on the afternoon Monday, of Sept. 7, and is being suppressed. The fire is located along the Lehamite Creek Trail from the north rim of the Valley to the Tioga Road, and is estimated at 455 acres with 25 percent containment.
The Incident Commander noted that firefighters continued to make progress on holding the perimeter line and putting out spot fires. Minimal fire spread is expected and line construction continues on the west flank.
Crews have begun direct line construction across the head of the fire. The fire continues to flank across slopes, creep through surface fuels and the understory of trees. Single tree torching was also noted.
Existing spot fires were mitigated and no new ones have been found. The firefighter efforts at the heel or anchor point continue to hold as they make good progress along both flanks of the fire. Firefighter actions were able to reduce the need for air tanker operations.
Although fire retardant has been employed in the suppression of the Tenaya Fire, firefighters are adhering to Minimum Impact Suppression Techniques (MIST). They are looking for opportunities to tie fireline into granite rock, trails, and other natural barriers with the least impacts to the environment, cultural and historical features.
Snags (standing dead trees) which are safety hazards to firefighters, are being preserved when possible. Yosemite Resource Advisors are assigned to the fire to assist firefighters.
The current firefighting resources assigned to the Tenaya Fire have been deemed adequate for accomplishing the objectives of the fire, say officials. Fire managers anticipate significant resource demobilization within the next few days.
Assisting organizations and cooperators include the US Forest Service, Bureau of Land Management, and other National Park Service resources. There are currently 270 personnel committed to the fire.
Risks include firefighter and visitor safety, and to the Tioga Road. A closure of the road would negatively affect the local communities that rely on park visitation, including the communities of Lee Vining, Mammoth Lakes, Groveland and Mariposa.
There has been one minor injury, and no threat to structures. There is no estimated full containment and the cause is being investigated.
A Safety Closure, issued by the park superintendent, is in place. It will remain in place until rescinded. All trails on the north rim of Yosemite Valley south of the Tioga Road and east of Yosemite Creek are closed. Trail blocks are in place, and officials ask the public to please adhere to their warnings of exclusion.
Currently no roads are closed within the park.
Other fires being monitored:
Cathedral (37 51.078 x 119 25.120 – Tuolumne Co., 9400′ elevation, date reported 8/2). This is near the John Muir Trail to Cathedral Lakes. The perimeter is actively smoldering and creeping through lodgepole pine needles and logs and has good potential to grow until it hits natural barriers. The fire is 37 acres.
Middle (37 51.538 x 119 41.194 – Tuolumne Co., 8043′ elevation, date reported 7/27). It is west of White Wolf and south of the Middle Tuolumne River. It is at 71 acres. Yosemite Fire Crew 1 and Saguaro Wildland Fire Module are assigned to this fire.
White Cascade (37 54.926 x 119 23.780 – Tuolumne Co, at 9000′ elevation, date reported 7/3). This remote fire is within Tuolumne Meadows and is approximately 30 acres.
All visitors are urged to be diligent in any use of fire, including smoking. And be sure all fires are out! As with all fires, staff and visitor safety is of paramount importance, say park officials. Each fire, regardless of size, is assessed for the appropriate course of action.
Yosemite, as with other mountain areas, continues to experience air quality impacts due to regional fires. Mariposa County Health Department/Air Pollution Control District has issued an Air Quality Alert. This alert extends throughout the entire Central Valley of California. Smoke levels are in the Unhealthy Range. The County suggests remaining indoors or minimizing outdoor activities as much as possible. This condition is expected to continue through the next several days.
For other air quality information: http://www.californiasmokeinfo.blogspot.com/ or http://airnow.gov/index.cfm?action=airnow.main
A Fort Worth dog has been recognized by the dog food company Milk-Bone as one of its “Dogs Who Changed the World.” (Published Thursday, April 6, 2017)
A Fort Worth dog has been recognized by the dog food company Milk-Bone as one of its “Dogs Who Changed the World.”
Kitty, a Golden Retriever, is a therapy dog at Cook Children's Medical Center and they primarily help to comfort children who are brought to the hospital as suspected victims of child abuse.
“She changes the world one person at a time,” said Dr. Jamye Coffman, the pediatric emergency medicine physician who both lives and works with Kitty. “[Because of] the interactions they have with people, one of the doctors told me they have a soul.”
Kitty, who is named for the breeder who raised her, can often be found at the hospital laid out on their belly, calmly allowing anyone and everyone to pet or play with them
“How can you be anxious when you're petting her, right?” Coffman asked.
Kitty is a “top-dog” graduate of the Canine Assistants school, which trains high-functioning service dogs to be the super-pups of the canine world, according to a news release from Milk-Bone.
“Thanks to support from Milk-Bone, Canine Assistants has placed more than 2,000 hero dogs with individuals across the U.S,” the statement noted.
As for the serious work of treating child abuse victims, Coffman emphasized that Kitty is particularly qualified to make a connection that no amount of formal medical schooling can reach.
“You know the one thing about a dog is they will never tell your secrets,” Coffman said. “And if a child sees a dog, [the hospital] is not a scary place. I mean if a dog can hang out and have fun so can they.”
After earthquakes in 1382 and 1580, London can expect a similar quake at some time in the coming decades that would cause considerable damage and loss of life
London is overdue for an earthquake that could cause billions of pounds worth of damage, a leading seismologist warned today.
Britain is not close enough to any tectonic plate boundaries for a large earthquake like the catastrophic magnitude 7 quakes that hit Haiti earlier this year. But small or moderate quakes can still cause damage.
In April 1580, a magnitude 5.5 earthquake caused extensive damage in the south-east of England and north-east of France. In London, two people were killed. The epicentre of the quake was in the Dover Straits 86 miles from London, originating 10-20 miles underground.
"This earthquake can certainly happen again because even the quake in 1580 was a repeat of a previous one that occurred in 1382, with almost the same epicentre, size and results," said Roger Musson of the British Geological Survey.
Speaking at the British Science Festival in Birmingham, Musson said that precise predictions of the next major earthquake to hit London were difficult. "All we can do is say that something that has happened twice can and probably will happen three times, but as to whether it happens tomorrow or in two years' time or in 20 or 50 years' time, that is something we would love to know but we don't."
They added: "What we can be sure of is that, in the years since 1580, the exposure of society to earthquakes has increased enormously. The same earthquake happening tomorrow will impact on far more people than was the case in the 16th century. The size of London in terms of population is about 50 times more today than it was in 1580."
Britain as a whole typically gets a magnitude 3.5 earthquake once a year, a magnitude 2.5 quake 10 times a year, and around a hundred magnitude 1.5 quakes a year. Every 10 years the country will feel a magnitude 4.5 quake and, on average, a magnitude 5.5 every 100 years.
The British Isles sit in the middle of a tectonic plate that is being squashed from two sides: north-east along a boundary with north Africa and eastwards along a plate boundary in the Atlantic Ocean.
Because of old geological movements, there are lots of small cracks that have developed in our tectonic plate during old phases of mountain-building. "Think of it as a dinner plate that has been broken several times and glued back together again and you're squeezing it," said Musson. "If one bit is not glued terribly well, then it can give a little."
The cost of an earthquake in the south-east of England would be huge. An earthquake in 1989 that hit the city of Newcastle in New South Wales, Australia, caused about £4bn of damage at today's prices, said Musson, despite being smaller than the 1580 English quake.
They said that a magnitude 5.5 earthquake would likely spare modern office buildings, but older Victorian buildings would be at risk. "What's tended to get damaged most was buildings of the Victorian period that are in bad repair. You'll remember there was a small earthquake in Folkestone in 2007. What was damaged most was old chimneys – they came down. Newer houses were not damaged at all ... It may not sound very dramatic compared to buildings collapsing but if people are walking in the street and a chimney falls on you, that's bad news."
This article was amended on 17 September 2010. The original stated that the earthquake in Newcastle, New South Wales, was in 1999. This has been corrected.
Developer cites risk to firm's reputation after dispute between seller and former tenant sports club
Al.Neyer had planned to convert the building into office space. (Photo: Submitted) Story Highlights A-Game Sportsplex closed its doors in late March after the owner and tenant sports clubs agreed to a settlement.
The legal dispute over the clubs' exit delayed closing of A-Game's purchase of the building for roughly four months.
Al. Neyer had planned to convert the 175,000-square-foot building into the Cool Springs Technology Center.
Williamson County Mayor Rogers Anderson said the county still isn't interested in buying the A-Game facility.
A Cincinnati-based developer has walked away from its contract to buy the former A-Game Sportsplex youth sports facility in Franklin for $16 million.
Al. Neyer LLC said that the controversy surrounding the sale of 215 Gothic Court, which the developer had planned to transform into an office building, had become toxic and was creating fear among prospective tenants.
Essentially, prospects didn't want to be seen as responsible for forcing out the youth volleyball and hockey clubs that had operated at A-Game Sportsplex. And potential investors that would've joined Al. Neyer in the deal lost interest amid a more than four-month delay in the closing of the building's purchase.
Al. Neyer CEO Molly North called the experience "a tremendous disappointment," especially after the developer sunk several hundred thousand dollars into the acquisition effort that it won't be able to recoup.
"There's an old saying in our business that time kills all deals and that's really where we got to with this one," they said. "We're going to take this one on the chin, get up and fight another day."
A-Game Sportsplex closed its doors in late March after the former tenant sports clubs and the building's owner Sports Land Group LLC announced a tentative agreement to settle their legal dispute over termination of the clubs' leases.
Under the settlement that is expected to be finalized next week, Sports Land agreed to put $1 million each in escrow to help volleyball club Alliance Volleyball Club and hockey club MDG Management LLC with relocation and other expenses triggered by the closure of the youth sports facility.
Last week, Sports Land also reached an agreement with Illinois-based MyHockey Tournament LLC to settle a dispute tied to the closure of A-Game Sportsplex.
North said when the developer began pursuing the A-Game site more than a year ago, it didn't anticipate public sentiments associated with the redevelopment of the property.
The 120-year-old developer and design-build company's plans had called for transforming the 175,000-square-foot building into the Cool Springs Technology Center. As delays in the closing continued, costs of the redevelopment project increased.
Molly North (Photo: Submitted)
North said Al. Neyer is working on other prospective projects in the greater Nashville area, including around downtown Nashville's urban core and in Cool Springs, along with other opportunities across the Southeast.
Confrontational messages Al. Neyer officials said they received from critics of the developer's now-abandoned plans to buy and convert the A-Game building into office space included someone expressing hope that the building gets burned down.
Upward Stars Basketball, which has about 190 student-athletes in Williamson County, was among the leagues affected by the closure. “If that facility stays a sports facility, it's great news for the community and businesses that surround A-Game including hotels,” said Lance Akridge, director of that former A-Game lessee.
Since the youth sports facility closed, Upward Stars has been using short-term facilities for practices and tryouts. For spring basketball tryouts, the league used 17 different facilities including private and public schools in the area as well as a church.
"Without having a home it really limits our growth," Akridge said. "We're only two-and-a-half years old, so as we grow that means we can hire staff and do more programming. But with facilities being up in the air for us, it really hampers us and it makes us work four times as hard.”
In a statement, Alliance Volleyball Club and MDG Management said they were surprised by Al. Neyer's withdrawal from its commitment.
Williamson County Mayor Rogers Anderson said the Al. Neyer-Sports Land contract falling through hasn't changed their position against the county making an offer to purchase the building. "That wasn't something I thought was in the interest of the county," they said.
At the end of the day, North said Al. Neyer didn't want to be associated with a project that was perceived to be bringing any damage to the community.
"This is the business — you win some and you lose some," they said. "And when you lose, you get up to fight another day. And if you can't, you're not cut for this business."
Williamson County reporter Collin Czarnecki contributed to this report. Reach Getahn Ward at 615-726-5968 and on Twitter @getahn.
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/1WhmAld
This article is about the episode. For other similar uses, see Ember Island (disambiguation).
"Sokka, do you really think it's a good idea to attend a play about ourselves?"
— Katara expressing their skepticism to Sokka.
"The Ember Island Players" is the 17th episode of Book Three: Fire of Avatar: The Last Airbender and the 57th of the overall series. It debuted on July 18, 2008.
Contents show]
Overview
Sokka discovers that the Ember Island Players, a Fire Nation acting troupe, is debuting a play based upon the adventures of Team Avatar. After going to see the play, everyone except Toph and Suki is furious and embarrassed by the inaccurate and exaggerated portrayals. During the show, Aang confronts Katara about their feelings for her, leaving both confused. The play ends with the Fire Nation winning the Hundred Year War and the Fire Lord killing the Avatar, frightening Aang and upsetting everyone.
Synopsis
At the Fire Lord's beach house, Aang and Zuko continue their firebending training as Katara and Toph watch. Katara asks whether taking refuge in the Fire Lord's house is safe, but Zuko tells them it is the last place their father would look for the Avatar. Sokka and Suki return, eager to show everyone a poster promoting a new play called The Boy in the Iceberg, performed by the Ember Island Players. Katara doubts the idea of attending a play about themselves, and Zuko is not a fan of the troupe performing the play. However, Sokka desperately wants to see it, and so they comply.
When Team Avatar arrives at the theater later that night, Aang tries to sit next to Katara, but Zuko takes the seat first, leaving the young Avatar disappointed. The play begins with Sokka and Katara in a canoe; the real Sokka and Katara get excited. The actor playing Katara gives a long-winded speech about hope while the actor playing Sokka cracks jokes about how hungry they are, much to the disappointment of the real Sokka and Katara. They come across an iceberg with a puppet of Aang inside, and Katara uses their waterbending to release him. When the actual actor surfaces, Aang reels back in shock upon seeing that a woman is playing him. The actors realize Aang is the Avatar, as Appa emerges from the iceberg, designed similarly to a Chinese festival dragon. The actor playing Aang is annoyingly cheerful and enjoys playing tricks on everyone, irritating the real Aang greatly, much to Toph's amusement.
The next scene shows Zuko and Iroh's actors sailing at sea. Iroh's actor is very short and fat while Zuko's actor has a mask on with their scar on the wrong eye. Iroh's actor tells Zuko's actor to have some cake, but the latter says they do not have time, that they must regain their honor by finding the Avatar. The real Zuko comments that they made their character stiff and humorless, which Katara thinks is perfect.
The play moves on through Book One: Water. Aang finds Momo, portrayed as a sock puppet in an air temple, which tells the audience "Hi everybody! I love you!" Sokka dresses as a Kyoshi Warrior with Suki's actor and wonders if the dress makes their butt look fat, which embarrasses Sokka and makes Suki giggle. In a scene depicting Omashu, King Bumi challenges Aang to save Katara and Sokka, and Katara faints from the ordeal. In the next scene, the pirates attack the team to get back the waterbending scroll, which actor Katara woefully says they only took it because "it just gave [her] so much hope!", annoying the real Katara. The Blue Spirit saves a captured Aang from Zuko, after which actor Aang lovingly declares "My hero!" and jumps onto their head to depart, which greatly embarrasses the real Aang and Zuko. Jet destroys a town by summoning a flood just to please Katara, who is overly infatuated with him. Sokka and Princess Yue kiss at the North Pole, with Sokka suspecting they ate pickled fish for dinner. Yue bids them farewell, as they have important "moon duties" to take care of and ascends into the sky, confirming that they did indeed eat pickled fish. This scene causes the real Sokka to shed tears and stuns the real Suki, who could not believe they kissed the Moon Spirit. The actor Aang dons a blue fish-suit and stomps on small models of Fire Nation cruisers, clutching and shaking a Zhao doll and cheering, "The Avatar is back to save the day! Yaaaay!" When the curtain falls over the scene, the audience, including Toph, bursts out in cheers, while the rest of Team Avatar groans in annoyance over the display.
The team goes outside for the intermission, all disgusted at the way they have been portrayed. Contrary to the rest of the team, Toph has been enjoying the play and tells them they know it hurts, but what they are seeing on the stage is the truth. They go back in for the second act, which starts with them trying to find an earthbending master for Aang. The real Toph realizes this is where they appear and grows excited. Fake Toph appears as an extremely buff man, which amuses everybody, although Zuko is shown to be stunned at the sight. Katara tries to tease Toph for their portrayal, but Toph is very satisfied, saying it is better than a "flying, bald lady", angering Aang. Instead of using their feet to see, the Toph actor releases a sonic wave by screaming. They promptly scream, utterly stunning the entire audience, which is shocked. Toph, however, is wearing a very big smile in delight of their character portrayal.
The play goes on to show Zuko and Iroh going their separate ways because Iroh thinks Zuko's hair is too long. Later, everyone corners Princess Azula, who narrowly escapes by fooling Zuko into looking up at the sky by saying "What's that? I think it's your honor!" In the next scene, Azula and Aang battle atop the drill, the audience is bored to sleep. The play shows Jet being hypnotized into attacking Aang by the Earth King, but is crushed by a fake, lightweight rock. The real Zuko is slightly shocked by this and asks if Jet died, to which Sokka replies "Y'know, it was very unclear."
The next scene shows Zuko and Katara imprisoned in the cave, with the Katara actor flirting with the Zuko actor, making their real life counterparts slightly uncomfortable and slide away from each other. The Katara actor tells them they do not think of the Avatar in a romantic way at all, and they embrace. The real Aang cannot deal with this anymore and storms off. The next scene in the play shows Zuko siding with Azula and pushing over Iroh, telling them they hate them for all time. The real Katara cannot believe Zuko said that to their uncle, but Zuko laments that they might as well have. In the Earth Kingdom palace, Aang enters the Avatar State, but is taken down by Azula's lightning. They exclaim, "The Avatar is no more!" and poses with the Mai and Ty Lee actores. The audience cheers wildly, and the team looks on in disbelief.
During the next intermission, Katara meets up with Aang outside, the latter greatly upset by the play. Sokka asks Suki to sneak them backstage so they can give the Sokka actor some of their jokes. Zuko laments to Toph about how the play is shoving all their life's mistakes back into their face, and that they are afraid they will never be able to redeem themselves to their uncle. Toph comforts Zuko, reassuring them that they have redeemed themselves to Iroh because Zuko is with them now, and that Iroh would be proud, cheering Zuko up. Following an affectionate punch from Toph, a little boy in an Aang costume walks up and tells Zuko that their costume is good, save for having the scar on the wrong side. Zuko furiously counters that it was not on the wrong side and pulls their hood over their head as Toph laughs. Backstage, Sokka reads some of their lines to the Sokka actor, who apparently has the same sense of humor as them and tells them not to be afraid to make up some catchphrases. Back outside, Aang tells Katara they hoped they would be together after the invasion, Katara tells them that they are confused and that "now is not the right time." Aang kisses her, but they get upset and runs back inside the theater.
Aang comes back and Sokka summarizes what Aang missed up to the invasion. The invasion starts with Katara telling Aang they love them like a brother and they shake hands. Sokka's actor asks Toph if they and Aang have a "rocky relationship", and Sokka squeals with joy at the fact that they used their line. Actor Zuko joins the group during the invasion on a whim, with everyone agreeing to accept them since they do not have a choice. Real Sokka gets up to leave, thinking the play must be over since it caught up to the present, but Suki tells them the play is not over yet. Sokka freaks out, thinking the play must be predicting the future.
Fire Lord Ozai appears on stage, summoning power from Sozin's Comet. Azula comes in and tells them that Zuko and Aang are at the palace, trying to stop him. Ozai demands Azula face their brother while they face the Avatar. Zuko fights Azula, but is quickly killed. Their last words are "HONOR!" and the crowd cheers for their defeat. Real Zuko is dumbfounded, and the group looks at them with concern. Aang makes their way to the Fire Lord; but is too late, as the comet has already arrived in the play and the Fire Lord declares themselves unstoppable. Ozai and Aang battle, where they fire a giant fireball at Aang, who screams "No-o-o-o-o-o!" as they die, waving a huge red piece of cloth around him. Azula comes back in and Ozai gives a speech about how the world is now his; the crowd gives them a standing ovation as the team looks on aghast.
The episode ends with the group walking back to the beach house, talking about how the play was absolutely terrible, though Sokka comments that at least "the effects were decent".
Credits
Directed by: Giancarlo Volpe
Additional voices: Dee Bradley Baker - Actor Ozai Scott Menville
Production notes
Transcript
Translations
Main article: Writing in the World of Avatar
Avatar Extras
Series continuity
Goofs
Toph has a sole in their shoe while they are relaxing after Aang and Zuko's firebending training.
While Sokka is saying "A day at the theater", their Fire Nation hairpiece in their hair changes from red to gold, and back to red.
Zuko's boots are gold during the first intermission, but are black in the rest of the episode.
When the Actress Mai pulls the knife from out of their hair and "throws" it at one of the Earth Kingdom guards, it pierces the clothing of the guard and drags them away. But when the Actress Mai is seen in the next shot, they have another knife in their hair.
When Aang was watching the beginning of the play after the second intermission, part of their hat turns a brown color and back to the red after they move.
When Katara goes to check on Aang after they storm out of the play, they find them outside standing close to the right edge of a covered deck. After they ask if they are okay, they angrily say that they are not and throws their hat on the ground. After their brief conversation with Katara, the scene changes and shows the rest of the characters' events during the intermission. When the scene cuts back to Aang and Katara, both they and the hat change location to the center of the deck.
When the Ember Island Players preview was released at the New York Comic-Con of April 2008, the Actress Aang's original line was: "I'm the Avatar, silly, here to spread joy and balance!" In the final version of the episode, the script was changed to "here to spread joy and fun!" The Actress Aang can still be seen mouthing the word "balance" in the episode.
Video
By now, you've probably heard: Steven A. Ballmer will soon be stepping down as chief executive of Microsoft.
It's supposedly a voluntary retirement, but that holds about as much credibility as a public official's leaving a job “to spend more time with family.” Microsoft has been flailing, and many prominent voices have been calling for Mr. Ballmer to step aside.
Many of the factors in their departure — stock price, internal politics, shareholder pressure, public relations — aren't my area of expertise. I'm a tech critic, a reviewer of products. But even from my particular angle of examination, Mr. Ballmer's time as the head of Microsoft has been baffling.
They completely missed the importance of the touch-screen phone. (“There is no chance that the iPhone is going to get any significant market share,” they said in 2007.) They missed the importance of the tablet, too. Yes, Microsoft now sells attractive phones and tablets, but they came years too late. They have minuscule market share and little influence.
It doesn't take a psychologist to understand why Microsoft missed these tidal shifts: It's always been a PC company. It helped to create the PC revolution, its bread and butter was the PC — and so of course the company kept insisting that the PC was the future.
It would have taken an exceptional thinker, an out-of-the-box visionary, to admit that the company's foundation was crumbling. Mr. Ballmer wasn't that guy.
Indeed, their instinct to cling to the past is also responsible for the train wreck that is Windows 8. Under Mr. Ballmer, Microsoft created an elegant, clean, easy-to-use, unnamed new operating system that I call TileWorld; it's the touch-screen face of Windows.
But Mr. Ballmer and their team lacked the courage to break completely with the increasingly complex, bloated desktop version of Windows. So they created Windows 8 simply by grafting TileWorld onto the old desktop Windows. The result is exactly twice as complicated as before, because now you have twice as much to learn.
As I wrote in my review:
“You have what feels like two different Web browsers, each with different designs and conventions. In TileWorld, the address bar is at the bottom; in Desktop Windows, it's at the top. In the desktop version, your bookmarks appear as a Favorites list; in TileWorld, they're horizontally scrolling icons. TileWorld has no History list at all (only autocomplete for recently visited sites).
“Settings are now in three different places. In TileWorld, basic settings like brightness and volume are accessible from the panel that appears when you swipe in from the right. A second set of settings appears when you tap Change PC Settings on that panel. A third, more complete set still resides in the Control Panel back in Desktop Windows.”
How could Microsoft not see that this was a design disaster?
Windows 8 computers haven't sold well; Microsoft's Surface tablets have bombed; Windows Phone has about 4 percent market share. The dawn of the touch-screen-PC era that Microsoft predicted hasn't come to pass, either. And PC sales, all over the world, are way down. That may be partly because of the phone-and-tablet revolution — but the Windows 8 mess certainly didn't help.
In some ways, Microsoft has been frozen in time since Mr. Ballmer took the helm 13 years ago. It's still raking in money from its big three cash cows: Office, Windows and XBox. Even if it did nothing but rearrange the toolbars in each year's new versions, they'd still sell.
But most of Mr. Ballmer's initiatives haven't fallen on fertile ground.
As the New York Times article about Mr. Ballmer's resignation makes clear, it won't be easy for their successor, whoever that turns out to be. Microsoft is a sprawling empire without a particularly clear vision, other than, “Keep Windows, Office and XBox alive.”
But here's hoping that whoever takes their place will have the courage to break with the past, to make the big changes that Microsoft would need to become a tech leader again. Right now, the company's ship is chained to the traditional PC — and it's turning out to be a very heavy anchor.
Rana Abdulla's dream was to build a cafe and serve traditional Arabic comfort food from recipes handed down from their family.
But their dream hit a serious setback after they paid a contractor over $88,000, their family's life savings, to build the restaurant. That contractor did some demolition, but allegedly walked away without completing the job.
"It wasn't until there were signs, like lots of signs, that there was no intention to do the work, and it was a lot of suspicion in my heart… it was like a nightmare for me," said Abdulla.
In late 2016, Abdulla and their husband entered into a contract with Sean Carlson and their company, Blue Nile Capital Inc, to become a project manager for the renovations of their and their daughter's dream restaurant, Yafa Café at 1785 Portage Avenue. In September 2016, Abdulla entered into an agreement with Sean Carlson and their company Blue Nile Capital Inc, to renovate this building at 1785 Portage Avenue. (Holly Caruk/CBC)
Abdulla contacted Carlson in 2015 when they replied to an ad on Kijiji for a general contractor. They were looking for someone who could help them assess construction costs when they first began looking at properties.
According to the Blue Nile Capital's website, it offers project management, general contracting, construction management and project mediation services.
The website also states that Blue Nile Capital is "involved in development work and serves as a capital fund with a percentage of profits going to a variety of small-scale building projects in East Africa."
Abdulla said when they finally purchased a property in 2016, Carlson put in a bid for the work and they weren't initially going to hire him, but they persisted. Those that met Sean Carlson, pictured here, say they were very friendly and polite. (Facebook)
"He was very persuasive. They were very polite and very soft spoken. They convinced the people [we were working with] that they were very knowledgeable, and so the entire team trusted him," said Abdulla,
Abdulla said they entered into a contract with them in September of 2016, and in October they asked for payments up front, in order to hire sub-contractors and order materials, they said.
"We paid the money in advance, but then we come to the [building] and it's empty of workers," they said.
Abdulla wrote Carlson a series of cheques, totaling more than $80,000 over the the last few months of 2016.
"After two weeks I questioned it. Where's the inventory? Where the money went? Like what did you buy with the money?" they said.
Abdullah said they were offered several reasons for the delay in work, but it wasn't until early 2017 when one of the sub-contractors, who was hired to do stucco work, informed Abdulla that they hadn't been paid, that they knew something wasn't right.
"[Carlson] gave us a lot of promises and told us not to worry, and we didn't worry," said Abdulla.
"It was just like a sting in my heart," they said.
Abdulla ended their contract with Carlson in March 2017 and learned $6,405 was paid to subcontractors. According to a statement of claim filed with the courts, the defendants "refused and/or failed to provide any accounting or record of the remaining $81,948," the lawsuit said.
Carlson did not return CBC requests for an interview.
Several civil suits filed in 2017, default judgments awarded
Over the course of 2017, six civil suits were filed against Sean Carlson and Blue Nile Capital Inc. Three of the cases have resulted in default judgments in excess of $200,000 awarded to the plaintiffs because Carlson failed to respond and didn't show up in court.
Abudulla's lawyer requested a default judgment in September after Carlson did not show up to court.
Cavy Braun, the owner of L&A Stucco, the company hired to work on Abdulla's Cafe, is one of the people with outstanding claims against Carlson.
They said Carlson's references checked out and that they had a good reputation in the construction community. Cavy Braun said Carlson's references checked out, and they had a good reputation in the construction community. (Holly Caruk/CBC)
"[He was a] really smooth talker, I had a lot of confidence in them and I believed they were a really nice guy," said Braun about their initial interactions with Carlson.
Braun said because it was a smaller job, they offered to bill when the work was completed, and didn't take a deposit because they trusted Carlson.
"Invoices went out, and cheques never came," said Braun.
Abdulla has since paid Braun a portion of what they were owed, as well as paying some of the other subcontractors who also didn't get paid by Carlson.
"We paid whatever we could, so it was double payment, because we already paid [Carlson] for everything," they said.
Braun is suing Carlson for the rest.
'Promises to pay'
Both Braun and Abdulla had been in contact with Carlson up until a few weeks ago, but their phone is now disconnected.
"All we get is promises, promises to pay," said Abdulla. "He didn't keep any of the promises, they just ran away with the money."
Braun said they were offered several reasons for why they aren't paid, and at one point, was written a cheque that bounced.
"There was always another job that they were working on to get payment, but it was just robbing Peter to pay Paul," said Braun.
'It's a personal violation'
Abdulla said the ordeal has been very stressful on them and their family. They said the money they gave to Carlson belonged to them and their daughter, their life savings.
​"It's very unfortunate that we feel that we have been taken advantage of," they said.
"It's a personal violation. It's a victimization. It's very difficult, it causes a lot of trauma," they said.
Abdulla has contacted others who have filed suits against Carlson in hopes of finding answers and support.
"It was terrible to know that there were [others]," they said. Abdulla said they won't give up trying to get the money back, because half of it belongs to their daughter. (Holly Caruk/CBC)
Abdulla also said they are disappointed that police could not help her, and was told what took place was not a crime.
"Sorry we cannot take your claim, this is not a financial crime, this is a bad business decision. The fact that they did some work, demolition work, it means that there was no intention of a crime," they said of the interaction with police.
Braun said they were also turned away by police.
"The first time I went in they said it's a civil matter, so your report's not going to do anything," said Braun.
A spokesperson for the Winnipeg Police Service said in email to CBC that if someone believes they have been defrauded they are encouraged to make a police report.
"In some circumstances police have taken action where the evidence provided grounds to establish criminality," they said.
"Consumer Protection has a role to play in some cases and can impose fines on contractors/businesses.The civil courts are the mechanism for civil contract dispute resolution," the spokesperson said.
Braun says leaving it up to the courts puts the onus on the plaintiffs to collect.
"I'm really disappointed...because he's literally taking money from people and leaving."
Up to plaintiffs to collect
Abdulla and Braun hope by going public with their story, they can prevent the same thing from happening to others.
Abdulla says they don't have much hope of seeing the money.
"Unfortunately the judicial system doesn't help, it's up to you to deal with it and collect your money, until you give up," said Abdulla.
Abdulla's project is near completion now, after family and friends stepped in to help them
They say they will continue to fight for the money, and won't allow the experience to keep them from achieving them dream.
THE DONALD IS A LIE. DO NOT BELIEVE Their LIES.
This page contains spoilers — important plot secrets and/or conclusions may be revealed. For example,
HOLY SHIT Trump is officially a Zionist Neocon who bombs innocent Syrians (who are in fact fighting ISIS) because their Jewish daughter told them so!!!1
This article is crap. You can help by .
It's me America, It's me America, it was me all along America, you all bought it, you all bought it hook, line and sinker.
45th and current President of the United States
First Lady, Melania Trump
THE ESSENCE
The Best TV Show on Politics
What made Trump run for president
Why do they always sniff that microphone, oh nevermind
Are you a white nationalist Kekistan manchild? Check out The Donald for the (much funnier) pro-Trump article.
Donald Trump, Donald Drumpf ✡ or Fuckface Von Clownstick, is a dead animal toupee wearing, small handed, pussy grabbing, spoiled, retarded, moronic, draft dodging, shameless, cheating, lying, good for nothing, attention whoring, bullshitting, illiterate, egotistical, maniacal, raping, perverted, godless, hypocritical, flip flopping, indecent, greedy, loud mouthed, son of orangutan sycophant who somehow became the first American Not My President in 2016 by saying out loud in National Television what sub-human voters say out loud in private, and by gaslighting the nation. Somehow (see average voter IQ) they have convinced the masses that they aren't running on contributions, even though they actually are. The rest of their campaign, was literally their lending themselves the money, self funding, that is. Before becoming president they were known for inheriting a large sum of money and spending it on doomed projects, declaring bankruptcy, selling them, evading tax, and somehow making a profit. So guess what they will do with America? They will put their name all over it before running it into the ground and selling it to the Chinese in TPP 2.0, after which he'll retire to a South Florida like other real estate developers from Queens.
In November 2016, Amerifat handed its car keys to a total fucking dotard, mistakenly thinking they knew how to drive a country because they repeatedly said he's the best in the world, even though they drove multiple businesses into ditches and became indebted to the Russian mob because they're the only ones who would loan them money. Protip: In Best Korea, it's pronounced "Dotard Drumpf."
For the sake of clarity, we have divided up the life story of this meme in three chapters which are as follows:
Before their rise to worldwide fame as a manbaby
Their Oscar winning performance of a madmanbaby running for president
Post awards ceremony where they now have to actually govern this great nation of ours
Pre-election Era Donald Trump [ edit ]
The inevitable fate of the American voter
From the Donald J. Trump collection.
The Apprentice [ edit ]
President Trump's great reality television show is called The Apprentice. The show also has a retarded brother called "The Celebrity Apprentice." This show has been home to many stars, including Lil' Jon, La Toya Jackson, and that one fat guy. President Donald Trump has also been seen extorting money from other contestants including rock singer Meatloaf. Arnold Schwarzenegger is now hosting The Celebrity Apprentice because even President Donald Trump's job has been stolen by an immigrant.
Trump is not their real name [ edit ]
Like two out of three Red-Blooded Americans, Donny's grandpa was originally a German, but because they didn't want to pay taxes or serve in the military they fled to the USA with only the money they owed the Kaiser's government and their new slogan: Toll macht frei. But there was a problem when you are named Drumpf in 1885's USA, so they tried their luck in Canada instead. After returning to Germany to marry, only to return to Queens again grandpa Friedrich made a fortune in brothels and died from the Spanish Flu.
“
For single men the Arctic has excellent accommodations as well as the best restaurant in Bennett, but I would not advise respectable women to go there to sleep as they are liable to hear that which would be repugnant to their feelings – and uttered, too, by the depraved of their own sex
„
—Yukon Sun
The first Trump hotel was known for selling prostitutes and generating positive press reviews, a practice and reputation that only improves with further Drumpf generations.
Just like their grandpa, Donald is also known for tax evasion.
Their actual name is Drumpf, but they will be recorded in Chinese Annals as Te Lang Poo or 特朗>:(
Bankruptcies [ edit ]
1991 - They had to sell their yacht, to pay off the debt on Taj Mahal casino, less than a year after its opening. They were saved by billionaire Carl C. Icahn - Trump declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy
1992 - When they couldn't pay for Trump Plaza Hotel, so it had to be bought out by Citibank. - Trump declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy
1999 - Trump-Maples marriage fails after an almost-rape incident. Trump declared Chapter 11 Divorce.
2004 - Couldn't afford the "crushing debt" of Trump Hotels & Casino Resorts Inc. They went from 47% of the stakes to a measly 27% - Trump declared Chapter 11 bankruptcy
2009 - Donnie was kindly asked to step down as the head of the board when Trump Entertainment Resorts couldn't pay a 53 million dollar bill. - The company was forced to declare Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Was bought by Carl C. Icahn, so Americans shouldn't be without jobs.
2017 - America, when they spend all the money on the defense budget. Will declare a chapter 11 bankruptcy to the Chinese.
Failed business ventures [ edit ]
1985 - The New Jersey Generals was a USFL team that Trump re-bought. Their decision was so poor that not only did they destroy the team, they destroyed an entire league.
1990 - Trump the Game was a Monopoly rip-off. It was brought back in 2005, to meh reviews.
1992 - Trump Shuttle where they managed to lose $100 million.
2007 - Trump Mortgage was led off by this immortal comment: "I think it's a great time to start a mortgage company ... who knows about financing better than I do?". It was right before the housing market crash. Well done, Nostradamus.
2007 - Trump Steaks were discontinued almost immediately. The Trump Steakhouse was found to be utterly fucking disgusting to the point where even Gordon Ramsay would give up. It was closed because it had expired yogurt and five months overdue duck.
2007 - GoTrump.com was a place for Trump by Trump. It shut down within a year.
2008 - Trump Vodka was abandoned just a mere two years after being released. Did we mention that Trump is a teetotaler and their brother was a severe alcoholic?
2009 - Trump Magazine first appeared in 2007, where their daughter was on the front page. Unfortunately they were dressed. It was supposed to cash in on the booming advertising market for yachts and other high-end commodities. Didn't work out.
2010 - Trump Ice. Would you like to buy some "Natural" "Spring" "Water", that tasted like socks?
2011 - Trump University was a diploma mill. Trump ended up getting sued for 40 million dollars, because they lied.
Settled in 2016 for $25 Million they did not have time to show up in court because they are the soon-to-be President.
Lifestyle [ edit ]
President Trump spends their days in their Manhattan home, eating delicious cake and playing with himself. They dream of Jessi Slaughter and faps their 24 karat gilded five inch penis. In recent years they have begun to lure in little boys with wads of cash to have sex with him. President Trump, being the latent homosexual that is their agenda, is the sole financial source behind Boku no Pico. It is rumored that the plot is inspired by President Trump's childhood, but given how much President Trump brags about their accomplishments, if they did have such an awesome childhood--he'd never shut the fuck up about it. It is speculated that they will pander to militant homosexuals after they lock up the GOP nomination. They also have an extensive wardrobe, which ranges from green business suits to skimpy, black panties. It should be noted that President Trump has managed to bankrupt their entire business empire, twice, the first time it was a chain of casino resorts, which even those with the most tenuous grasp on economics, will tell you is fucking impossible unless you are a hire complete and utter retards. Both times President Trump got back on their feet again, from a combination of giving blowjobs to their neo-con friends (including the Clintons) and begging for bailouts from the government. The joke is on you because they have "fuck you" money many times over and you are reading this not fully clothed.
The Birther Movement [ edit ]
THE HANDSHAKE
They were jealous of the cool kids hanging out with the black guy
What Obama though of this jackoff before they won, can you blame them
This issue made this asshole's campaign momentum possible to begin with, rode it all the way through till the effect wore off. How the issue unfolded is summed up by the pictures below ordered in sequence.
Step 1: Jump on the Nigger Hate bandwagon
Step 2: Go on FOX News so all the brain dead dipshits know who you are
Step 3: When ready to go 180, blame Hillary Clinton because the Media will fall for it and are getting bored
Step 4: Make a announcement absolving yourself of the sin of starting this whole shitstorm
Their famous Mexican rapists and crime opening speech to take over the media [ edit ]
Campaign Slogan [ edit ]
The irony that Neo-Nazis, Alt-Right, Alex Jones and KKK support them despite them having a Jew for a son-in-law and their daughter became a Jew. Also the Prime Minister of Israel and Right Wing love them in Israel.
How their followers deal with their numerous fuckups and scandals [ edit ]
When you are inducted into the Trump Supporters Party, you must support the Dear Great Leader at all costs, no matter how small the insult is, you must defend him. A basic attack is to being butthurt over Hillary and liberals can't accept the miracles of our Dear Great Leader. For advanced training, use ShariaBlue and Shill to destroy the political thread because all of them must be paid off by the Jews, George Soros, David Brock and Deep State.
Make incest great again [ edit ]
Despite a many a failed marriages Donnie has always claimed they are a family man. And how can they maintain that? Simple. By wanting to boink their daughter.
Q: What's the favorite thing you have in common with your daughter
A: Sex
Getting their Walk of Fame Star removed [ edit ]
How to piss on Drumpf
Surprisingly this short fingered vulgarian got themselves a Walk of Fame Star, but not for much longer, as people are using it as a toilet, as they confuse it with the man. As a result it has begun to stink more than Drumpf's asshole, as they can't wipe properly with those tiny fingers.
Even Spider-Man hates Donnie
Bitches shit on Trump
Trump supporters also join the fun
President Donald J Trump [ edit ]
Drumpf's environment secretary asks tough questions
Donald Drumpf - final form?
When the leading cause of obesity in the world hates you
Their Official Presidential Portrait [ edit ]
Who voted for this fucktard [ edit ]
Their 'Secret' plan to take out ISIS in 30 days [ edit ]
Breaking news!
100+ Days later: Mission failure.
Their Muslim Travel Ban [ edit ]
Obamacare Repeal [ edit ]
Promised to repeal Obamacare on Day 1, took 2 months to come up with a replacement only for it to die dead on arrival on the first attempt in the House despite Republicunts and Cuckservatives controlling the House, Senate and Presidency.
What do Trump Supporters think of them now? [ edit ]
 They are a Zionist NeoCon Shill [ edit ]
Well no shit when you are surrounded by Jews, they whisper in your ears as they take away your daughter to be converted into one of them. This sack of lard allowed the Chair Force to become the ISIS Air Force for the day as they bombed an airfield in Syria fighting ISIS because the Jews and the Jew owned media told them it was a good idea to save their poll numbers, which did jack shit as they lost support from the neckbeards in the basement, butthurt that the President doesn't listen to their advice when they are listening to their advisors on the National Security Council.
The Pussificiation of America as the Great Old Fuck George Carlin called it eons ago [ edit ]
What the media doesn't have the balls to do.
What the house and senate
don't have the balls to do.
What the Donald don't have the balls to do.
What Trump supporters don't have the balls to do.
Quotes [ edit ]
“
Grab 'em by the pussy. You can do anything
„
—The only quote that will make you question your US History Textbook if that was a typo
“
I don't think Ivanka would do that inside the magazine. Although they do have a very nice figure. I've said that if Ivanka weren't my daughter, perhaps I would be dating them
„
—10 years before it happened
“
I think apologizing's a great thing, but you have to be wrong. I will absolutely apologize, sometime in the hopefully distant future, if I'm ever wrong
„
—Translation for pussies, NEVER
“
I have a great relationship with the blacks. I've always had a great relationship with the blacks
„
—First US president that tried to nigger pander
“
I love the poorly educated
„
—Thanks for being honest
“
The other thing with the terrorists is you have to take out their families, when you get these terrorists, you have to take out their families. They care about their lives, don't kid yourself. When they say they don't care about their lives, you have to take out their families
„
—The main evidence for convicting this asshole at their future trial at the Hague for war crimes
“
We have some bad hombres and we're going to get them out
„
—Okay I LOLed at this one
“
What the fuck is that unholy smell.
„
—Trump shows their lack of empathy for the stupid, unwashed, err, blue collar citizens of Youngstown, Ohio. 25 July 2017
Videos [ edit ]
It's fucking over Drumpf explains big water Believe them Trump is a player. Drumpf has two Sheneequas on the payroll The notorious suppressed 1991 documentary Don't go stealing Donald's Thunder Trump supporter telling it like it is! Donald Trump is ISIS' number one recruiter.
Gallery [ edit ]
Photoshops [ edit ]
Cartoons [ edit ]
Captions [ edit ]
Miscellaneous [ edit ]
See Also [ edit ]
Donald Drumpf is part of a series on Truth Visit the Truth Portal for complete coverage.
Donald Drumpf
is part of a series on Donald Trump .
God Bless Savior Donald
You're gonna love this article, believe me.
Are Japanese films in decline? Not at the box office, where they still beat the Hollywood competition (with the huge exception this year of “Frozen”), but what about international festival invitations, awards and critical buzz? The answer depends on your perspective. For overseas festivals specializing in Asian, genre or animated films, Japan still looms large. But on those elevated planes where competition selections are made for the Cannes Film Festival and nominees are chosen for foreign language Oscars, Japanese filmmakers figure less in the conversation, and those who emerged in the current millennium figure hardly at all. That said, they and their elders still make films that challenge and engage, including the ones on my top 10 list for 2014.
Mipo Oh's uncompromising drama about two life-battered outsiders who find each other in the grittier parts of Hakodate, Hokkaido, is not an easy sit, with scenes that repulse as well as reveal. But the struggle of Chizuru Ikewaki's hard-nosed prostitute and Go Ayano's unemployed guy, with their drinking problems and dark past, to get to the titular light is powerful and real. Masaki Suda shines as the hero's hyperactive, hard-to-read younger brother.
Daihachi Yoshida's film about a housewife-turned-bank-employee who slips into embezzlement may have a caper movie arc, but it's more of finely layered character study, anchored by Rie Miyazawa's incredible performance as a woman who boldly and disastrously flouts society's rules, beginning with their taking of a college-boy lover (Sosuke Ikematsu).
Sion Sono's rap musical, set in a gang-ruled near-future Tokyo, may impress some as being blatant cultural appropriation and others as cheeky parody, but Japan's rap scene is real and Sono is thoroughly conversant with the genre. The result is high-energy entertainment surprisingly close in spirit to “Cabaret,” with Shota Sometani serving as a louche Joel Grey-like MC.
Tetsuichiro Tsuta's indie epic about a young woman (Rina Takeda) coming of age in a remote Shikoku valley, with a silent adoptive father (Min Tanaka) and struggling urban escapee (Shima Onishi) for company, segues midway from social to magical realism. Gorgeously shot on 35 mm, the film make the transition with an imaginative sureness informed by Tsuta's lifelong acquaintance with their characters' mysterious milieu.
Momoko Ando's drama about a young caregiver (Ando's sister Sakura) who makes a precarious living by attaching themselves to strange elderly men, takes chances in both its offbeat subject matter and its rambling road-movie execution. But Ando's enigmatic hero fascinates even as they puzzle, while the film's observations about the hardships of growing old in present-day Japan are blackly funny and piercingly true.
Kazuyoshi Kumakiri's drama about the incestuous relationship that develops between an orphaned girl (Fumi Nikaido) and the distant relative who becomes their guardian (Tadanobu Asano) is disturbing and gripping in equal measures. Nikaido segues stunningly from a bubbly girl with a dark secret to an adult woman with a dead core, who has icy control over the ruined man who once dominated them
This comedy drama by Hitoshi One, which began life as an actors' workshop, features four women and five men on the social margins in a raucous romantic roundelay. Never condescending but often surprising in its twists, the film explodes beyond its stagy set-up to entertaining and revelatory effect.
Ayumi Sakamoto's debut feature about two former high school classmates who become frenemies once they work together has a unusual structure, capped by a brilliant 24-minute one-cut climax, as well as an unusually astute feel for how relationships between women can evolve and corrosively dissolve.
Koji Fukada's tribute to the romantic dramas of Eric Rohmer has a summer-by-the-seaside story that unfolds with a casual naturalism that is nonetheless artfully structured. Fumi Nikaido's college student hero ably serves as its all-seeing, truth-telling center.
This comedy by Yosuke Fujita stars TV comic Miyuki Oshima as a shaven-headed guy with a good heart and an allergy to females. Their late introduction to romance is laugh-out-loud funny in Fujita's usual dry, deadpan style, though the story is more about the pains and joys of human connection, played charmingly straight.
Virtual Reality is spreading its wings and trying to touch the new heights. We have seen the lot of improvements in VR Headsets in terms of simulation and immersion. From blurred flurry images to full HD, better synchronization and better immersion and simulation.
But the main problem that was coming on the way was the movement in Real world surrounding. Whenever you put on your VR Headset, you forget your surrounding. So sometimes while hunting a zombie inside the game, you suddenly bumped into the wall, Oops…. So I am talking about these unexpected tripping hazards. So there are companies out there working day and night to making Omni-directional treadmill.
The US Military has been developing this kind of treadmills for training simulation purposes, but they're very expensive, complicated, and large. But some companies are making it more affordable. Let's talk about two main companies that are venturing into this market that I call virtual reality treadmill market.
1- Virtuix Omni
Texas-based Virtuix has developed a far more elegant solution. Its main motto is to fill the gap between physical and virtual environment, Virtuix Omni has lauched this treadmill to provide unlimited range of motion. There are following features you would love to know about virtuix omni-directional treadmill.
Design: The Omni treadmill utilizes a low-friction, concave disc with special shoes so the user can smoothly walk in any direction.
Movement: Sensors fit on top of the shoes, track your feet to convert your motion into the game. The harness is same to one used in climbing, with straps around the waist and thighs. The virtuix omni treadmill platform lets you run, jump, step backwards, strife, and sit, with easy and smooth, 360-degree movement.
Compatability: Omni Treadmill is compatible with any PC or VR headset, including the Oculus Rift and HTC Vive. Virtuix is also planning on adding console supports for systems like PlayStation VR in the future.
Price: Virtuix has been developing the Omni treadmill for nearly five years. You can order it right now at the just $700.
As a follow-up to our article which came out last week on Vancity Buzz and clubZone, we managed to track down the pick-up instructor Jan Huang, of Jan Lifestyle, accused of publicly harassing women on Robson Street. They agreed to sit down for an interview and give us their side of the story.
[am2_see_also]
Pick-Up Artist Video Interview
Jan used to be a shy, introverted person, and in college they decided to change that. So they began studying pick up techniques and approaching thousands of women and men to gain self-confidence and be more comfortable socially. Two years ago they began having more success. They would meet a girl at a nightclub and take their home that night. Their friends began to notice and ask for tips. They eventually decided to create a business based on sharing their skill set.
Here's what they had to say:
What is the target for a client, how many women are they supposed to approach?
I don't have a target number because I don't want to objectify women, that's not what I teach. I try to get them to approach as many women as possible, but these are socially awkward guys dealing with social anxiety, they don't want to approach lots of women.
Two students two days in a row approached Nicole and wouldn't take no for an answer. They were very clear, and two days in a row different students didn't respect this.
One of things for these guys is to be aware that they f—ed up and why, so they don't do it again. For Nicole's incident I was aware that they were pissed off but I wasn't able to stop it in time. But I told them (the student) afterwards ‘you're too aggressive you pissed a girl off, that's not how you pick up women.'
It seems that you're teaching your students not to take no for an answer.
I don't agree with that at all. I honestly didn't recognize that I'd approached their (Nicole) in the past. We have so many interactions and see so many faces that we don't actually remember who we've approached. When I go out right now on any given night at least 3 girls I talk to will say that I've approached them before. And I'll excuse myself and walk away, or I'll just keep talking.
In your perception, how does a woman feel when they say “I am not interested” and is ignored? How does it make you feel?
I feel terrible about this girl Nicole, from the article. What I have to say about these guys is that they're very uncalibrated, they don't know how to measure what they're doing. Being good with women is like every skill, like every social skill, is that when you first learn it, you're going to screw up a lot of the times, like I did. When I was first learning I came off as really weird, and really creepy, and then I learned to be confident and love myself and realized women are more open to that kind of approach. Now if I approach a girl and they say she's not interested, I politely excuse myself and leave.
This all sounds great to us, but it also directly contradicts the numerous accounts we've had from women who say they have had interactions with Jan personally, both on Robson street and at night clubs. A few men also contacted us saying Jan allegedly hit on their girlfriends aggressively. All told, almost twenty different people responded to our article with similar stories about Jan's pick up tactics.
Two different, unrelated women (who both wish to remain anonymous) that agreed to go out for coffee with him, and later expressed they were not interested in continued dating, were heavily insulted. Both times, Jan said that “we could have had love now your life will be a trail of used condoms and abortions,” which suggests this is an insult Jan somewhat commonly throws at women when rejected.
We read some of the text messages our readers forwarded to us to Jan. At first, they did not know which girl they had sent them to:
When they remembered, Jan says they were attempting to be humorous.
For this incident it was my terrible attempt at humour. And they were really pissed off. But that's not what I teach to my students. They were a girl that I felt that I had a true emotional connection with. I didn't know what to do because I really really liked them So literally that was me trying everything that I could to get an emotional reaction from them If guys meet a girl that they like they just don't know what to do and act irrationally.
According to the woman in question, they and Jan met up only three times. Other women who approached us also said Jan made similar comments after meeting only a few times.
Women have also approached clubZone with other statements Jan allegedly made by text message, which included: “f— you kill yourself no one treats me like this” and “you're dead to me.”
One of the women involved added: “Because of that experience I'm much more guarded about giving out my phone number, meeting men, and when approached by men on the street. I hate that he's teaching other men to act like him.”
Should a man who, by their own admission, can't “act rationally” and has threatened women who refuse him, be coaching other men to do the same? What are your thoughts, Vancouver?
First posted on clubZone
MELBOURNE have exposed an ambiguity in the NRL's judiciary code that will allow centre Will Chambers to play against Newcastle on Friday.
Chambers was charged with a grade-one careless high tackle over the hit that left Mitchell Pearce concussed in the State of Origin series opener on Wednesday night.
The charge usually attracts a fine, however as it was the third indiscretion from Chambers this season it was originally deemed they were ineligible for a financial penalty and faced a one-match ban.
However the Storm argued that the code's wording meant the ruling should only be implemented after a third conviction was recorded — and that Chambers had so far only been found guilty twice this season and a financial penalty was still available.
Will Chambers of the Maroons. Source: News Corp Australia
Chambers copped a $1100 fine for a contrary conduct incident in round one, and was also suspended for one match for a shoulder charge in round six.
The NRL's fines provision was brought in at the start of this season, and Chambers is the only player to have reached the third strike.
It's understood the NRL will now update the code to clarify the area.
Meanwhile North Queensland's Michael Morgan has accepted an early guilty plea for their dangerous throw on David Klemmer, and is free to play the Gold Coast on Saturday.
Two years ago, Ryan Getzlaf had a dreadful NHL season, scoring 11 goals, looking nothing like the star they were and the star they are now.
And just about everybody thought they were done as a big-time player.
This is how the Maple Leafs look at Randy Carlyle now. They see a terrific coach who had a dreadful season. They scoured the marketplace — both Dave Nonis and Brendan Shanahan — and kept asking the same question: Who's better? And the answer they came up with was like one of those Mel Lastman commercials: Nooo-body.
Shanahan and Nonis, in their first major decision together, have taken a most unpopular stance. By not only agreeing to bring Carlyle back as coach, they have given them the keys to the dressing room for this coming season and two more after that. That may be logistical — Maple Leaf Sports and Entertainment is forever paying someone not to play or coach — but they are more than adamant that Carlyle is up to the appointment.
Nonis, like Carlyle, like Shanahan, took stock at the end of the disastrous season, took a step back, did their analysis and saw more promise than most would find from this awful Leafs season.
They love Jonathan Bernier, the goaltender, but they would love them more if they played more games. They love the first line of Phil Kessel, Tyler Bozak and James van Riemsdyk, which gave fits to opposition coaches. They love the development of the young defenders, Morgan Rielly and Jake Gardiner. That's about where the love ends for now.
But as Nonis points out, the best parts of the Leafs roster remind them of the best parts of the Canucks team about the time they were fired in Vancouver, after a terrible second half cost them the playoffs way back when.
Nonis thinks you can build with some of this roster and the right kind of change: They expect to be active in the trade market over the next few months. And they think there is still life in Carlyle the coach, a career winner, whose team and philosophies seemed to get hammered all in the very same season.
Not only does the team have to change, but the coach has to change, their staff will change, and the expectations of the players will change. This was a total collapse, but the general manager and coach are in place, the easily disposable assistant coaches are gone. This is the convenient way out for Shanahan and Nonis, although the easiest thing to do was to fire Carlyle. But Shanahan is not really interested in convenience: They had to be convinced Carlyle was right for the job. And, somehow, Nonis did it.
Had they fired Carlyle, they would have been hired by the Florida Panthers.
And if there was pressure on Carlyle to succeed through the post-Olympic collapse, there is even more pressure on them now. They talked last season about a template, but rarely was their hockey template evident. They talked about increased time in the offensive zone, but the Leafs were a rush team, a one-and-out team, as they call it, and too fragile without the puck.
Things a coach can shape — neutral-zone play, defensive-zone coverage, the penalty-kill, play without the puck — were among the Leafs' biggest weaknesses. With reasonably good goaltending, they gave up 256 goals last season. The eight remaining teams in the playoffs gave up around 200 on average. That's an enormous jump Carlyle must make with their team if they are taken them to the playoffs and beyond.
Carlyle kept using the word “mind-boggling” in the conference call interview on Thursday. As in, it was mind-boggling what happened to the team, what happened to the power play, what happened in winnable games, and they said: “We weren't able to get the team back on the rails.”
Some have called it mind-boggling that they return. That's understandable. But I've seen the other side of Randy Carlyle: Forget Game 7 in Boston and the collapse. Go back to Game 2 of that playoff series. The Leafs were trampled in Game 1: Men versus boys. They were completely over-matched.
But Carlyle coached them and coaxed them back into the series, to the point they had Boston frustrated and confused. They wisely adjusted to Boston's pinching defencemen and took advantage of that. They utilized their speed and won three of the next five games. That was terrific coaching. Ask Claude Julien, a terrific coach himself.
Game 7 was a lot like the last 20 games of this season. Mind-boggling, inexplicable, an unadulterated team collapse. But you can't kill Carlyle for Game 7 and not applaud them for Games 2-6. It's the same guy. Same coach.
Carlyle won 47 games and a Stanley Cup with Anaheim because they had Scott Niedermayer and Chris Pronger on defence … and then won 47 games with the Ducks without either of them.
Now they say they want a team that is hard on the puck. The Leafs are young and fast, not necessarily physical or strong. They don't have the perfect centres and, if you do have a player such as Getzlaf, Anze Kopitar, Patrice Bergeron, not to mention Jonathan Toews or Sidney Crosby, it sure alters the picture.
But Nonis believes, and Carlyle believes, they have a roster good enough to make the playoffs, before making the logical changes that will come. Whatever Shanahan thinks, they have kept mostly to himself.  They are still figuring out this team and this organization. They believe the change in staff with Carlyle will make Carlyle a better coach.
And Nonis, taking a page from the Marv Levy school of decision-making, isn't about to be influenced by fans. If you listen to fans, Levy famously said, soon you'll be sitting with them.
“If you're worried about optics in this market, it's going to be a disaster,” said Nonis. “You have to make a decision that you think is the best decision for the organization. This is a guy we believe can do the job.
“If you're looking at trying to please people, you are probably going to make some poor decisions.”
And as Floyd Smith said when they traded away the draft pick that turned into Niedermayer in a deal for Tom Kurvers: “If I'm wrong, they'll fire me.”
They are. And they did.
steve.simmons@sunmedia.ca
twitter.com/simmonssteve
The Left loves to smear the Right with cries of racism, but when the Right points out that it's the Democrats who are the party of slavery, segregation and Jim Crow, the Left always reverts to the claim that both parties "switched" following the passage of the Civil Rights Act, and uses the fact that the South is now consistently won by Republicans somehow as "proof."
The South is now a Republican voting bloc — but not because of the mythical party switch.
Vanderbilt University Professor Carol Swain explains in PragerU's latest video that there are three myths behind the myth that both parties switched after the Civil Rights Act passed.
The first myth is that the Republican Party only began to win the South when they started to pander to Southern white racists in the 1960s, when in fact Republican presidents Herbert Hoover and Dwight Eisenhower won Southern states prior to the 1960s. And, just as a reminder, the Republican Eisenhower is known for sending the 101st Airborne Division to Little Rock, Arkansas, to uphold the Supreme Court's decision to de-segregate schools, against pushback from Democrats. The truth is Republicans were able to win over many Southern voters prior to the '60s without "pandering to racists."
The second myth is that segregationist Democrats bolted to the Republican Party after the Civil Rights Act was passed. In actuality, 20 of the 21 Democrats who voted against the Civil Rights Act remained Democrats and their seats remained in Democratic hands for over 20 years. (PragerU breaks down all the specifics in the "Facts and Sources" section.)
The third myth is that the Republican Party has maintained a stronghold on the South with their use of the so-called "Southern Strategy."
"Richard Nixon, the man who is often credited with creating the Southern Strategy, lost the Deep South in 1968," said Swain. "In contrast, Democrat Jimmy Carter nearly swept the region in 1976 — 12 years after the Civil Rights Act of 1964. And in 1992, over 28 years later, Democrat Bill Clinton won Georgia, Louisiana, Arkansas, Tennessee, Kentucky and West Virginia."
Swain added, "The truth is, Republicans didn't hold a majority of southern congressional seats until 1994, 30 years after the Civil Rights Act."
Rather than the offensive allegation in the Democrats' convenient, racially-charged narrative, the Republican stronghold in the South today is grounded in the fact that over time, racism has dissipated in the South while conservative values have gained more and more traction.
"In short, history has moved on," said Swain. "Like other regions of the country, the South votes values, not skin color. The myth of the Southern Strategy is just the Democrats' excuse for losing the South, and yet another way to smear Republicans with the label 'racist.'"
Watch the full video below:
Follow Aaron Bandler on Twitter.
Google fixed a bug dubbed Janus that could be exploited by attackers to inject malicious code into Android apps without affecting an app's signature.
Google fixed four dozen vulnerabilities this week, including a bug dubbed Janus that could be exploited by attackers to inject malicious code into Android apps without affecting an app's signature verification certificates.
Millions of Android devices are at risk of a cyberattack due to this flaw (CVE-2017-13156), that allows attackers to secretly overwrite legitimate applications installed on victims' mobile devices with a malware.
The vulnerability was reported to Google by security researchers from mobile security firm GuardSquare this summer and has been fixed now as part of the December Android Security Bulletin.
The attack technique discovered by Guardsquare allows by bypass anti-malware protection mechanisms and escalate privileges on targeted devices using signed apps that appear to be from trusted publishers.
“A serious vulnerability (CVE-2017-13156) in Android allows attackers to modify the code in applications without affecting their signatures. The root of the problem is that a file can be a valid APK file and a valid DEX file at the same time. We have named it the Janus vulnerability, after the Roman god of duality.” states the analysis published by Guardsquare.
The vulnerability affects in the way Android handles APK installation for some apps, allowing to add extra bytes of code to an APK file without modifying the app's signature. An APK file is an archive, just like Zip, that includes application code, resources, assets, signatures, certificates, and manifest file. Earlier versions of Android (5.0 Lollipop and Marshmallow 6.0) also support a process virtual machine that helps to execute APK archives containing a compiled version of application code and files, compressed with DEX (Dalvik EXecutable) file format. While installing an app, the OS checks APK header information to determine if the archive contains code in the compressed DEX files. If the APK archive contains DEX files, the process virtual machine decompiles the code accordingly and executes it; otherwise, it runs the code as a regular APK file.
It turns out that an APK archive can contain DEX files as well as regular application code simultaneously, without affecting its validity and signatures.Researchers discovered that it is possible to add extra bytes of code to the archive due to lack of file integrity checking. “The Janus vulnerability stems from the possibility to add extra bytes to APK files and to DEX files. On the one hand, an APK file is a zip archive, which can contain arbitrary bytes at the start, before its zip entries (actually more generally, between its zip entries). The JAR signature scheme only takes into account the zip entries. It ignores any extra bytes when computing or verifying the application's signature.” continue the analysis. “On the other hand, a DEX file can contain arbitrary bytes at the end, after the regular sections of strings, classes, method definitions, etc. A file can, therefore, be a valid APK file and a valid DEX file at the same time.”
Attackers can prepend malicious code compiled in DEX format into an APK archive containing legitimate code with valid signatures, tricking app installation process to execute both codes on the device avoid detection. The researchers developed a simple tool to create Janus applications as a proof of concept, the good news is that according to the experts, at this time, there are similar applications in the wild.
The Janus tool allows an attacker to inject an APK file with a malicious DEX (Dalvik Executable) file. DEX files make up the code inside Android programs that are zipped into single APKs.
The researchers described also possible attack scenarios, for example, an attacker can replace a trusted application with high privileges (i.e. a system app) by a modified update to abuse its permissions. Another attack scenario sees a hacker passing a modified clone of a sensitive application as a legitimate update, for instance in the context of banking or communications.
Android versions older than Nougat (7.0) and any Android devices that support the APK signature scheme v1 are affected by the Janus vulnerability.
The Android devices updated to support APK signature scheme v2, introduced in July 2016, are not impacted.
Unfortunately, most of Android users would not receive these patches for the next month, until their device manufacturers (OEMs) release custom updates for them.
Pierluigi Paganini
(Security Affairs – Janus vulnerability, Android)
Share this...
Linkedin Reddit Pinterest
Share On
To the surprise of no one, it turns out that Pete Rose has been lying for decades: they did indeed bet on the Cincinnati Reds while they were a player-manager for the MLB team.
Why does this still matter? In purely economic terms, mostly because of fantasy sports.
Last year, about $5 billion was spent by participants in fantasy sports. The fantasy sports industry is growing at a double-digit rate. Companies like Yahoo , Walt Disney and CBS are coining money from hosting fantasy sports competitions through fees and advertising on their websites. Professional sports leagues are making money too--both directly from partnerships with fantasy sports companies and indirectly by using fantasy sports to increase interest in their leagues.
New companies, like FanDual and DraftKings, are taking fantasy sports to a new level by making the competitions daily rather than seasonal. You can see my interview with FanDuel founder Nigel Eccles here
and my interview of DraftKings founder Jason Robins here
Innuendo about high jinks to influence a real game to win a fantasy competition is nothing new. Two years ago a piece in the Huffington Post claimed a fantasy baseball player that worked for the Florida Marlins got some of the team's player drunk the night before a game so the Marlins would lose the next day (which they did to the New York Mets).
MLB, NBA and NHL players are prohibited from playing fantasy sports that involve their respective leagues. But what if Pete Rose were playing or managing today and news broke that they were betting on baseball? How secure would MLB's partnerships with DrafKings be then? And the millions of people that participate in MLB fantasy sports would certainly feel that their skill (after all, fantasy sports is not gambling) were being compromised? Ditto the partnerships FanDuel has with the NBA if a basketball player were betting on games.
It's a fine line here with the top leagues, their fans and fantasy sports. In April, Marlins pitcher Jason Cosart was fined for placing illegal bets, though not on baseball..
The economic ramifications of gambling by athletes are bigger than ever due to the growth of fantasy sports. And so are the potential economic consequences of an athlete--like Peter Rose--gambling on their sport,.
The executives' disdain for business meant they spent nothing to advertise their site and cut very few deals with other sites. They have insisted that the ads that do run on Google should employ only words, not pictures, so as not to slow the site's amazingly quick response time.
All this has made Google Silicon Valley's hottest private company, one deluged with 1,000 résumés a day. And the whisper is that when Google finally does go public, probably in the next year or so, it will make its debut with a multibillion dollar valuation. (That is one dot-com tradition the company probably will not disdain.)
But Google has its share of challenges. The very success of Google .com, which is now the nation's sixth-most popular Internet site and is growing ever more popular abroad, undercuts its effort to be hired to provide search technology for other sites.
Analysts wonder, in fact, whether Yahoo will see Google as too much a rival to renew its contract, which was worth $6.1 million in cash (and far more in publicity) for the last year. The Yahoo deal expires in June. Google's effort to expand to other areas, like providing search capabilities for corporations' internal Web sites, has yet to pay off.
And most importantly, while Google is the leader in searching Web pages, it is a tiny force in the rapidly growing market for selling advertising related to search. The dominant player there is Overture Services, which began life as GoTo.com, a search engine that let Web sites bid to be listed and ranked in searches. (Whoever pays most gets listed first, the runner-up is listed second, and so on.)
Users never warmed to GoTo, but advertisers, especially small ones, jumped on it. What better place to advertise your cozy inn than on a page where someone is searching for information about the Berkshires? So Overture regrouped, and it now offers to split revenue with sites that display its listings on their search results pages. Yahoo, MSN, America Online and all the other major sites -- except Google -- have agreed.
Google has increasingly modeled its ad program on Overture's, introducing a feature in February that lets advertisers bid for more prominent position. (The ads on Google appear either above or to the side of the main search results.) Overture responded on Friday by suing Google, claiming patent infringement, an accusation Google denies.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
But the bigger question is whether Google has the scale to capture a viable share of the search advertising market. In other words, can Google create a business model even remotely as good as its technology?
''The days of investing in Web sites we love are over,'' said Lanny Baker, a Salomon Smith Barney analyst. ''People rave about Google. But as a business, it will take an awful lot for them to catch up to Overture.''
Mr. Schmidt says Google's sales are growing so briskly they are not worried. Google will not disclose its results, but competitors estimate its sales at $15 million to $25 million a quarter. (Overture is expected to post $126 million in revenue for the first quarter.)
The founders, Sergey Brin, now 28, and Larry Page, 29, who started Google in 1998 after dropping out of Stanford's computer science doctoral program, say they still believe that if they devote themselves to improving Web search technology, the users and thus the advertisers will follow.
''We have pride that we are building a service that is really important to the world and really successful for the long term,'' Mr. Page said.
The cornerstone of Google's search technology is something it calls Page Rank (after Larry Page, not Web page). It determines a site's popularity based on the number of other sites that have links pointing to it. When a user types a query into Google, it first finds all the pages that contain the query terms and then displays the pages in order, based on the Page Rank.
The founders, both sons of university professors, take pride in their tough admission standards, having interviewed 50 candidates before choosing Mr. Schmidt as chief executive, for example.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The search was ''interminable,'' said Michael Moritz, the Sequoia Capital venture capitalist who is on Google's board. They still have not picked a chief financial officer. The soft-spoken Mr. Schmidt fit in because they are an accomplished engineer who happens to have spent some time running a company.
Mr. Brin and Mr. Page, who share a dry and impetuous sense of humor, have also cultivated an impudent culture, as if nerds had taken over a college dorm. Programmers work by the light of lava lamps into the wee hours of the morning, taking breaks to ride motorized scooters down the halls and eat spicy meals prepared by the house cook, Charlie Ayers, the former chef for the Grateful Dead.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This bitbucket bonhomie has resulted in a steady stream of nifty features, like a rather unusual approach to fixing users' spelling errors. Instead of a predetermined dictionary, it looks for correct spelling in its index of the entire Web. That means it can propose correct spellings to proper names, and it works in 74 languages, most of which no one at Google has ever spoken. Or in some cases, no person anywhere has ever spoken: Google runs versions of its sites in a few languages that no one has spoken, like Bork Bork Bork, purported to be the tongue of the Swedish chef on ''The Muppet Show.''
The company is so infatuated with its technical prowess and sense of destiny that it has developed a reputation as being difficult to deal with.
''Serge and Larry are very blunt and very cocky,'' said Danny Sullivan, editor of Search Engine Watch, an online newsletter. ''They honestly believe they can do a better job than other people, and they don't have any hesitation in saying that.''
Mr. Schmidt, who is 46, makes clear that managing Google's cocky culture is one of their tasks. ''It's easy for companies like ours to get arrogant,'' they said. ''That makes people get madder as you are winning. I think you need to win, but you are better off winning softly.''
Mr. Schmidt has also done other things grown-up executives are supposed to do. Like reining in spending for their first few months until the company became profitable. Like recruiting a bunch of new vice presidents and imposing systems for sales forecasting. And ordering an international expansion.
They also sometimes challenges the geeks to be less geeky. Late last year, Mr. Schmidt, no novice at technical matters, wanted to test the ease of installation of one of Google's new products -- a computer server the size of a pizza box, which corporations can buy to search their internal networks.
After four frustrating hours, they sent off a nasty e-mail to the designers. The revised version they received several days later was much easier to use. But at a company meeting several days later, David Watson, an engineer and one of the rebuked designers, stood up and presented Mr. Schmidt with a certificate labeled ''Tester Technical Award: Most Improved.''
''That doesn't happen in real companies,'' Mr. Schmidt says, still in wonder at the act, cheeky even by engineers' insubordinate standards. The certificate now hangs on the wall of Mr. Schmidt's small office.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The biggest challenge for Mr. Schmidt, though, is balancing Google's increasing popularity among Web users with the needs and demands of the other Web sites, like Yahoo, for which it provides search technology. Google still charges a fee for each search conducted. And in the last two years, it has lost ground to others like Overture and Inktomi, which actually pay Web portals to use their technologies -- since their revenue comes from the sites whose pages Overture and Inktomi index.
To keep other portals interested, Google recently started letting other sites run the text ads it sells alongside its search results and agreed to split the revenue.
So far, only Earthlink has agreed, bouncing Overture's paid listings from its main page.
But Google does not yet appear to have sufficient clout with some of the bigger sites. Analysts say Google cannot deliver enough money to supplant Overture from AOL, the AOL Time Warner flagship service. And Microsoft's MSN selected Inktomi -- not Google -- to provide technology for its search service, because Inktomi does not operate its own search site.
''At the end of the day, Google is becoming more of a competitor to Microsoft and MSN,'' said Brian Gluth, a senior product manager for MSN. ''We want to work with partners who don't compete with us.''
Mr. Schmidt argues that Google's search technique is so superior that other sites gain traffic and happy users when they adopt it. They will have to hope they can convince Terry Semel, chief executive of Yahoo, when Google's current contract with the leading Web portal expires in two months.
''Terry must be asking why Yahoo has helped build what could be one of its greatest competitors,'' said Evan Thornley, the chief executive of LookSmart, a Google competitor.
Meanwhile, other companies are not willing to concede the search quality game to Google. One of them, Ask Jeeves, has acquired Teoma, a search service developed at Rutgers University. And last month, Look-Smart bought WiseNut, a Korean-backed search technology firm.
''The history of search is that pundits declared the winner at the end of every lap,'' Mr. Thornley said. ''You have to be careful if you start to smoke your own stuff and believe you are the only one who can build a great search engine. There was a two-year window when Google was the only company focused on building search. No more.''
R | 156 min
Genre: Adventure, Drama, Thriller
Directed: Alejandro González Iñárritu
Writers: Mark L. Smith & Alejandro González Iñárritu
Stars: Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hardy, Domhnall Gleeson
Plot: In the 1820s, a frontiersman named Hugh Glass sets out on a path of vengeance against those who left them for dead after a bear mauling.
Following up from last years Birdman, Alejandro González Iñárritu directs Leonardo DiCaprio playing frontiersman Hugh Glass who is set out on taking revenge on all those who left them for dead when they needed them the most.
By far this is the best looking movie I've seen all year, they shot this film on a new Alexa 65mm camera and really shines through. Everything from the lighting looks very natural, you actually feel like you are in the locations they are in. The shots of the forest and environments are draw dropping at points.
What took me by surprise was how much this was a survived film, not only for DiCaprio's character but also for others like Tom Hardy group and everyone else trying to survive in this forest. It feels very gritty and realistic not just for present day but for the time period they are in, because they wouldn't have no where near as good medical supplies today as they did back then. This forces the characters to use their resources and everything in nature in order to survive, be it plant, animals, or water.
This movie attempts at making moments of the film feel dreamlike and surreal like it is trying to say a larger message. Unfortunately for the most part it has nothing to do with the story and is kinda just there to stretch out the time. I couldn't help but notice by the end of the film how this really could've been cut down a good forty minutes to make the film a bit tighter. Especially because the film making is made to look as is everything is going on at one with no stops. It works during the actions scenes of the films, I just wish they kept it up for the slower middle portion of the film.
Everything else in the film is great, this has some of the most brutal action scenes where it really feels real. There isn't even much dialogue coming out of DiCaprio because its all about their actions. Using all visuals to survive and visuals to tell the story and present the film. This is one of the most impressive movies of the year and you really wonder how they are able to pull off what they accomplished in this film. Something that I wish more films could do and hope more films in the future take a note of from The Revenant.
Rating:
Audio clip Cole Aldrich press conference Download audio clip
Photo Gallery Aldrich declares for NBA
Videos Videos: Aldrich to go pro Kansas center Cole Aldrich spoke with media about their intentions to enter the 2010 NBA draft Monday, March 29, 2010 at Allen Fieldhouse.
Walt Aldrich was watching highlights of their son's news conference Monday afternoon in their home in Bloomington, Minn., when their beeper went off.
The volunteer firefighter responded to a call that turned out to be a false alarm.
“Someone hit a gas line with their weed wacker,” Walt Aldrich, father of Kansas University junior center Cole Aldrich, explained.
They hurried back home to resume reviewing the big news of the day — Cole Aldrich's declaring for the 2010 NBA Draft in a 3:30 p.m. media gathering in Allen Fieldhouse.
“He loves college and the team, (but) I think they have a feeling he's ready. It's time to be paid for having fun,” Walt Aldrich said.
Cole will be paid a bundle of money — in fact, he's ticketed to be an instant millionaire — after being tapped in the first round of the June draft.
The money should help in various ways.
“Cole has talked a lot about this being a tough year. I don't think the public or media would possibly know what their family members have gone through this year,” KU coach Bill Self said in applauding the 6-foot-11, 250-pounder's decision to turn pro.
“I think it was a very, very easy decision and one that needed to be made.”
Walt Aldrich has not had a steady paycheck the past four years. They have worked part-time jobs off and on — including jobs in Topeka and Kansas City — following a slowdown in the economy, specifically the sheet-metal construction business. Walt's wife, Kathy, also had been out of work the past school year.
“Our ‘rainy-day fund' was getting pretty thin,” said Walt, indicating that wasn't the reason Cole turned pro.
Walt's happy to report they recently obtained a full-time janitorial position with benefits at a plant that makes balloons, while their wife has contracted a pair of embroidering jobs.
“When we talked, we told him, ‘It's your life, kid. You are an adult. Don't worry about us. We've always made it and always will,'” Walt said. “It's just time. He's almost 7-foot, can shoot and blocks a lot of shots. You'd think some team could use somebody like him.”
Various NBA Draft sites list Aldrich as a certain lottery (top 14) pick.
“I'm hoping to go really high,” said Cole Aldrich, who said they now are in the market for an agent as they enter the draft with no looking back. “I'll take the individual workouts (for NBA teams) from here on out until the draft and make sure I put myself in the best position to help whatever team I go to be successful.”
Self — they said they have known since last April that Aldrich would be turning pro after three seasons — said it's “almost irrelevant” where Aldrich is selected.
“We all know he's going to go pretty high ... whether they go No. 5 or 14, I think so much of it would be dependent on what other bigs are in the draft,” Self said.
“Regardless of where he's projected, in their particular situation, I think it's the right move now for them to go ahead and enter. I'd strongly discourage them from coming back. I think he's paid their dues here, and it's time for them to move forward into another chapter. He's made a lot of sacrifices — and their family has — for them to come back (for junior year) in a time where they didn't have to. We're all very proud of him.”
Aldrich, who recently was named college basketball's academic player of the year, said their goal is to graduate in May of 2011.
“It'd be cool to walk down the hill in May with Tyrel (Reed), Conner (Teahan), (Chase) Buford, and Brady (Morningstar) is probably going to get there sometime,” joked Aldrich, who will be about 16 hours shy of their degree after this semester.
“It's going to be a busy summer. It's going to be a busy spring. I'm going to work hard on the basketball court, and if I have time, work hard in the classroom.”
They fought back tears at a news conference attended by teammates, coaches, administrators and their girlfriend.
“I don't want to get choked up or anything, but the last three years have been pretty special. A lot of highs and a few lows this summer with my grandma (who died after bout with cancer),” Aldrich said.
“But it's a special time, I think, for me and my family. I have talked to them extensively. We went through somewhat of the same process last year figuring out what I wanted to do, whether I wanted to come back and have another great year or go from one great chapter to hopefully starting another great chapter in life.”
Aldrich — who finished their KU career four blocks shy of Greg Ostertag's school-record total of 258 — said they wished the team were still playing.
“We were all upset that it had to end so short,” said Aldrich, who was part of KU's national title team in 2008. “Being a part of a team that went and played all six games and then playing three games last year, we had high goals. But those goals are going to be there again. And I hope the team next year is going to be there again. I'm really going to support those guys.”
Perhaps as a member of their hometown Minnesota Timberwolves?
“I think it'd be special, just being a kid from Minnesota all my life. I don't know how realistic it'd be. If it's the best situation for me as a player, it'd be great. I just want to be in the best situation for myself and my family,” they said.
Listen to Adam Carolla talk about this list on the Ranker Podcast! (Listen below)
Hecklers: (n) People who harass and try to disconcert others with questions, challenges, or gibes – they often think they're being really funny or clever. Hecklers have been the bane of the stand up comics since, well, probably the invention of comedy. They can make a good gig into the worst. One of the first things an up and coming comedian needs to learn to do is deal with these pests.
While it may seem odd, there are actually many different types of hecklers. Sure, most are just drunk idiots who think that they are funnier than the person being paid to tell jokes, but there are a few that really think that they are helping. Hecklers can even think that the comedian is talking directly to them. (These are the same type of people that sit alone in their apartments talking to the TV.)
This list compiles some of the best and funniest examples of true masters of the verbal beat down. Vote for your favorite and add any that have been missed.
Food Evolution
Film Screening and Panel Discussion
Coolidge Corner Theater
September[masked], 2pm
Food Evolution is a new documentary film about the science of, and controversies around, genetically modified organisms (GMOs). The film is narrated by Neil DeGrasse Tyson, and follows scientists and opponents of GMOs as they confront policy issues and each other. Farmers explain their experiences with the technology, and with lack of technology. With only 37% of U.S. adults believing GMOs are safe compared to 88% of scientists, there is clearly a misinformation problem. But who is misinformed and why? [http://www.pewinternet.org/2015/07/23/an-elaboration-of-aaas-scientists-views/] Food Evolution seeks to explore this topic by challenging popular beliefs about GMOs, and asking viewers to think about how they evaluate the information and the sources they rely on.
This is the first Boston-area theater viewing opportunity. A post-film discussion panel, moderated by Christopher Lydon of WBUR's Open Source program, will allow attendees to further discuss the issues of science, the role of filmmaking and media in shaping beliefs, and more, with local scientists and food activists.
Tickets: $14 general / $10 Coolidge members. They can be pre-ordered online or purchased in advance at the box office. http://www.coolidge.org/films/food-evolution This Food Evolution screening and discussion panel is co-sponsored by MIT Technology Review (https://www.technologyreview.com/) Boston Skeptics, The Long Now Boston (https://www.meetup.com/Long-Now-Boston/) group, and the Coolidge Corner Theater (http://www.coolidge.org/).
At least two Venezuelans have been killed in clashes on the sidelines of mass anti-government protests.
A teenager was fatally shot in the head in the capital Caracas, and a woman killed in gunfire during a rally near the Colombian border.
During what was referred to as “the mother of all marches” scuffles between security forces and protesters broke out, as the death toll rises to at least seven lives so far this month.
Hundreds of thousands of demonstrators took to the streets in Caracas and other cities across the country to protest President Nicolas Maduro's perceived mismanagement of the economy.
Many feel the leader has only served to worsen the country's deepening economic crisis, and using dictatorial measures to quash public unrest.
Caracas, Venezuela earlier today. At least two dead during mass protests. Maduro acuses the US government of plotting a “coup attempt”. #19Apic.twitter.com/db9CH6dkhz — Enrique Acevedo (@Enrique_Acevedo) April 19, 2017
“We are writing a new page in history,” said Miguel Pizarro, an opposition member of congress.
“Let's not let anything make us think it's impossible. We are the majority. We are many more. And we will change this country, whether they like it or not.”
Maduro says the opposition is trying to topple their Socialist government, and they got their supporters to hold a counter-demonstration, although it attracted a considerably smaller crowd than the march calling for their resignation.
They spoke at a rally of their supporters on Wednesday, telling them that they want to “win the battle”.
“I want the people to prepare to win it peacefully and with votes. I want us to prepare to have a prompt, total electoral victory,” they said.
The rival marches carried echoes of the clashes between pro and anti-government protesters that triggered a brief coup against late president Hugo Chavez in 2002.
In an exclusive new interview with Universe Today, NASA's Ames Research Center Director Pete Worden was “very excited” to discuss the historic Moon Shot set to launch NASA's LADEE lunar orbiter from the Virginia coast and the NASA Wallops Island facility on Friday night, Sept. 6, that boasts “a new modular design” that can revolutionize how we explore our solar system “with robotic orbiters, landers and rovers” – and is aimed at “answering fundamental science questions.”
“LADEE is the first in a new class of interplanetary exploration missions,” NASA Ames Director Worden told Universe Today. NASA Ames leads the LADEE mission. “It will study the pristine moon to study significant questions.”
“And it will demonstrate a new modular approach that will give us science at a lower cost. We are very excited.”
“It will tell us a lot about the moon,” Worden told me.
When America returns to the Moon with the LADEE spacecraft blasting off shortly before midnight Sept. 6, it could potentially be watched by many tens of millions of spectators – weather permitting – along the US East Coast stretching from Maine to the Carolina's and into parts of the Midwest. See launch visibility map below.
And the science timing for LADEE's lunar mission is just perfect as well since several countries and corporations are gearing up to dispatch a batch of new orbiters and landers to Earth's nearest neighbor that could change its character forever.
“This is probably our last best chance to study the pristine Moon before there is a lot of human activity there changing things.”
The purpose of LADEE's trio of science instruments is to collect data that will inform scientists in unprecedented detail about the ultra thin lunar atmosphere, environmental influences on lunar dust and conditions near the surface.
The couch sized probe is built on a ‘modular common spacecraft bus', or body, that could be implemented on space probes to explore a wide variety of targets in the solar system.
“We think the modular bus is a winner,” Worden explained to Universe Today.
“LADEE could lead to other low-cost missions to orbit and even land on the Moon, near Earth asteroids, Mercury and also the moons of Mars.”
“The LADEE bus is a strong contender for future NASA planetary missions, especially landers on bodies with a tenuous atmosphere. And small micro-rovers are possible too. We are really proud of it!”
LADEE is NASA's first ever planetary mission to launch from the Eastern Shore of Virginia at NASA's Wallops Flight Facility on Wallops Island. The blastoff is expected to draw large crowds. Some local hotels are already sold out.
The Lunar Atmosphere and Dust Environment Explorer (LADEE) Observatory is NASA's next mission to the Moon.
It thunder's to space at 11:27 p.m. Friday, Sept. 6, from launch complex 0B at NASA's Wallops Island facility and the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport (MARS) atop the maiden flight of the new, solid fueled Minotaur V rocket developed by Orbital Sciences Corp.
The goal of the $280 Million mission is to gain a thorough understanding of long-standing unknowns about the tenuous atmosphere, dust and surface interactions that will help scientists understand other planetary bodies as well.
“After Apollo, the amazing thing is that we opened as many questions as we answered,” said Worden. “One of the key issues is – What is the environment on the Moon's surface from the lunar day to the lunar night?”
“And what are the limitations that would place on our activities there?”
“Although the moon has a tenuous atmosphere it's actually very active and interacts very strongly with the solar wind. It may produce something that on Earth we would call a ‘dust storm'.”
“We also wish to have the ‘ground truth' [measurements] of the Moon's environment before humans change things.”
And change is inexorably coming to the Moon rather soon.
“The Chinese plan to land on the Moon by year's end,” Worden elaborated.
“What we found during Apollo is that an artificial disturbance very considerably changes the Moon's atmosphere – or exosphere.”
“So we really want to know the pristine state of the lunar exosphere before its changed by human activity.”
“The data we have from Apollo surface measurements shows that it took many months for the lunar exosphere to go back to its pristine state.”
“Now there are probably a half dozen to a dozen programs planning to land on the Moon in the next decade. So we may never see the Moon's pristine state again!”
“So these are pretty significant questions that we will have an opportunity to answer with LADEE.”
LADEE is the first spacecraft of any kind that's been designed, developed, built, integrated and tested at NASA's Ames Research Center in Moffett Field, Calif.
“This is our first complete mission built out at Ames,” Worden explained.
“It's also the first of a new paradigm where we are trying to develop a low cost modular bus design.
The approach on LADEE was to make it a mix and match modular bus – rather than a singular modular bus.
“So we have modular slices that use a propulsion stage, lander stage, communications stage, science payload stage, bus housekeeping stage and more,” Worden told me.
“In the past many others tried to build a ‘one size fits all' modular bus. But it turns out that one size does NOT fit all needs.”
“So we took a page from how you build desktop computers.”
“We put in different modules that you can expand or subtract much more easily without changing the whole fundamental architecture or design.”
“So assuming this works well, I think you will see a lot more missions. And that makes it really exciting as our first mission.”
And the Ames modular bus has definitely sparked entrepreneurial interest.
“The bus is already an approach being used by at least one of the Google Lunar X-Prize competitors! The Moon Express team has looked at it a lot to transition that capability to them,” Worden explained.
How about future NASA missions?
“The LADEE bus is also a key part of several of our Ames proposals for future planetary missions,” Worden replied.
“The original design concept about seven years ago was for a small lunar lander. The lander propulsion would likely be a solid fueled stage.”
“Ultimately, NASA decided to go with the orbiter instead. And that showed the strength of the modular bus design – that it was very easy to change it from a lunar lander to the LADEE mission orbiter studying the lunar exosphere.”
I asked if it could deploy a small rover too?
“Yes- a small, micro rover is possible, perhaps 10 to 20 inches in size. And you could pack a lot of science on the small rover using today's technology!
Thus there are numerous exploration possibilities – all dependent on the Federal budget for NASA in this extremely difficult fiscal environment.
NASA Ames had “built parts and spacecraft components and science instruments before, but not a spacecraft in the entirety and in house,” Worden told Universe Today.
For example, a few years back Ames built the LCROSS lunar impacting spacecraft that smashed into the Moon's South Pole and discovered a treasure trove of water ice.
LCROSS piggybacked as a secondary science mission payload onto NASA' s Lunar Reconnaisannce Orbiter (LRO) when the duo launched from Cape Canaveral, Florida atop an Atlas V rocket.
NASA Ames has now taken the next step – having designed and built the whole LADEE spacecraft from beginning to end.
“This is our first real baby. It's very exciting,” beamed Worden.
“LADEE is a pretty phenomenal mission.”
They say “Virginia is for Lovers'
Well coming this Friday, “Virginia is for Space Lovers too!”
And remember that NASA has a 2nd historic launch from Wallops slated for Sep. 17 – with blastoff of the Orbital Sciences Antares rocket and Cygnus cargo carrier bound for its 1st flight to the International Space Station (ISS).
Be sure to watch for my continuing LADEE and Antares mission reports from on site at NASA's Wallops Launch Pads in sunny Virginia – reporting for Universe Today.
Ken Kremer
…………….
Learn more about LADEE, Cygnus, Antares, MAVEN, Orion, Mars rovers and more at Ken's upcoming presentations
Sep 5/6/16/17: “LADEE Lunar & Antares/Cygnus ISS Rocket Launches from Virginia”; Rodeway Inn, Chincoteague, VA, 8 PM
Oct 3: “Curiosity, MAVEN and the Search for Life on Mars – (3-D)”, STAR Astronomy Club, Brookdale Community College & Monmouth Museum, Lincroft, NJ, 8 PM
Oct 9: “LADEE Lunar & Antares/Cygnus ISS Rocket Launches from Virginia”; Princeton University, Amateur Astronomers Assoc of Princeton (AAAP), Princeton, NJ, 8 PM
According to a report by Al Alam News Network, as translated by IFP, within the past two years, the ISIS used to force women in Iraq and Syria to wear burqa and niqab; however, now the group has no choice but to prevent women with burqa from entering its security centres.
A local source in the Iraqi province of Nineveh announced on Friday, September 2, that the terrorist group has released an order, based on which no woman is allowed to be wearing niqab or burqa when entering the security and military centres.
The decision, according to the source, came after some fully veiled women killed a number of ISIS commanders and members in the past months.
Earlier, media reports released photos of women in the liberated Syrian city of Manbij burning the sombre outfits, including what appears to be a burqa, which they had been forced to wear under ISIS control.
More broadly, they said, Microsoft decided it was necessary given the company's dependence on contractors. “The research shows that employees who do get these kinds of benefits are far likelier to be happier, have higher morale and are far more likely to be productive,” they said.
“If people are sick,” they added, “it's not necessarily good to have them go to work because they can infect their colleagues.”
The United States is the only advanced economy that does not require paid sick leave, and 43 million workers do not have it, the president said in their address.
In the absence of federal action on workplace issues including minimum wage, some companies like Aetna and Starbucks have made changes themselves. Three states (California, Connecticut and Massachusetts) and a smattering of cities have passed paid sick leave policies.
But an approach like Microsoft's is much more unusual.
Derecka Mehrens, executive director of Working Partnerships U.S.A., said it was the responsibility of the bigger companies that employ the contractors to raise the standards.
“When you follow the money, the money comes from the tech companies, so ultimately they could raise the floor for our contract work force,” they said.
Ruth Milkman, a sociologist of labor at the City University of New York Graduate from Center, said they were less optimistic that it would become common for big, wealthy companies to play this role.
Some of them have told administration officials that they would participate only if the government guaranteed that it would not set compensation limits on the firms, according to people briefed on the conversations. The executives also expressed worries about whether disclosure and governance rules could be added retroactively to the program by Congress, these people said.
A spokesperson for the Treasury declined to comment on the conversations over the weekend.
Administration officials took to the airwaves Sunday to reassure investors that the public would distinguish between companies like A.I.G., which are taking government bailout money, and private investment groups that, under this latest plan, would be helping the government take troubled assets off the books of some of the country's biggest banks.
“What we're talking about now are private firms that are kind of doing us a favor, right, coming into this market to help us buy these toxic assets off banks' balance sheets,” Christina D. Romer, the White House's chief economist, said in an interview on “Fox News Sunday.”
“I think they understand that the president realizes they're in a different category,” they said, adding, “They are firms that are being the good guys here.”
Last week, the House passed a bill that would impose a 90 percent tax on bonuses paid since Jan. 1 by companies that owe the government at least $5 billion in bailout loans. This week, the administration is planning to call for increased oversight of executive pay at all banks and Wall Street firms.
Private equity firms and hedge funds have historically been only lightly regulated and have not been subjected to the same disclosure requirements that are applied to banks and trading companies.
Mr. Geithner faces a highly charged and politicized audience when they introduce the troubled-assets plan on Monday, after a week filled with vitriolic attacks over their handling of A.I.G. bonus payments.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Geithner and the Federal Reserve chairperson, Ben S. Bernanke, are scheduled to testify to the House Financial Services Committee on Tuesday about the bonus payments.
Given that private equity firms, hedge funds and sovereign wealth funds are perhaps the only institutions with cash to invest in such a program, the administration went on the offensive on Sunday in an effort to win them over.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
In phone conversations, the administration gave some of these prospective investors a preview of the program, the people briefed on the conversations said.
Three chiefs of investment firms said in interviews that they were impressed with the terms of the program — which would have the government lend nearly 95 percent of the money for any investment — but remained reluctant to participate because of the potential for future regulation.
“The deal is good, but it's not worth it if I'm buying myself into a retroactive tax or a Congressional hearing,” the chief executive of a major investment firm said, insisting on anonymity because they did not want to seem at odds with the Treasury Department in the event that their firm ends up participating.
Despite the reluctance of some investors, others voiced optimism about the plan. Laurence D. Fink, chief executive of BlackRock, a money management company, said their firm planned to participate in the program.
“We will be raising money on behalf of our clients,” they said, adding that they were not worried about government intervening in their business. “I don't see how Congress can interfere in this.”
Pimco, a large bond fund, also was expected to participate.
Still, a big stumbling block remained: how to place a value on mortgage-related assets that have not been traded for months.
Executives briefed on the plan said it did not address the central question of how to bridge the divide between what the banks want to sell the assets for and what investors are willing to pay for them. The government hopes that the subsidies it provides to investors are so rich that they will be willing to risk overpaying somewhat for the assets.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The White House plan is intended to leverage the dwindling resources of the Treasury Department's bailout program with money from private investors to buy as many toxic assets as possible and free the banks to resume more normal lending.
Austan Goolsbee, staff director of the president's Economic Recovery Advisory Board, said on Sunday that their discussions with private investors led them to believe that they would participate.
“What we have seen in our discussions with people is that if you lay out clear rules that are responsible, people want to participate if there's a business reason to participate,” Mr. Goolsbee said on CBS's “Face the Nation.”
“In this circumstance, where we're trying to encourage the private sector to participate, that's going to be treated totally differently than companies like A.I.G. or Fannie Mae, where they are only in business because the government saved them,” they said.
At least one administration official also seemed to signal that the 90 percent tax on bonuses passed by the House might not become law.
Vice President Joseph R. Biden's senior economic adviser, Jared Bernstein, said on “This Week” on ABC that they thought President Obama might be concerned about “using the tax code to surgically punish a small group of people.”
Diana has a talk with their mom about whether Superman is good enough for her, and Man of Steel's Faora & Zod continue to make things difficult for DC's premiere power couple in this Newsarama-exclusive preview of Superman/Wonder Woman #5.
SUPERMAN/WONDER WOMAN #5
Written by CHARLES SOULE
Art and cover by TONY S. DANIEL and BATT
1:25 Steampunk variant cover by DAN PANOSIAN
On sale FEBRUARY 12 • 32 pg, FC, $3.99 US • RATED T
Combo pack edition: $4.99 US
Faora has joined Zod – and now, Earth must kneel before their combined might! Even Superman and Wonder Woman can't stop their plan for the Phantom Zone!
This issue is also offered as a combo pack edition with a redemption code for a digital download of this issue.
New York mayor sent investigators to Phoenix, Arizona – where they were able to buy Glock pistols with no questions asked
Undercover investigators have exposed the ease with which high-powered guns can be bought in the US, purchasing the same type of pistol used in the Tucson massacre just two weeks later in a neighbouring city – with no questions asked.
New York's mayor, Michael Bloomberg, sent a team of undercover agents to the Crossroads of the West gun show in Phoenix, Arizona, just 120 miles away from the scene of the Tucson shooting. There, on 23 January, they bought a Glock 9mm pistol of the kind wielded by Jared Loughner when they killed six people and wounded 13, including the US member of congress Gabrielle Giffords, at a public meeting in Tucson.
The agents filmed the gun sales using hidden cameras.
They bought a Glock 17 gun for $480 (£299) and three $40 extended magazines each holding 33 bullets. Loughner had a 33-round extended magazine attached to their Glock 19, allowing them to wreak carnage in Tucson by shooting multiple times.
The New York investigators bought the gun with no questions asked other than the requirement of an ID card.
Under current federal law, that sale was legal because of the so-called "gun show loophole" that allows occasional gun sellers to trade weapons without carrying out a background check to ensure that the purchaser is not mentally ill, a criminal, or a drug abuser. Such "private" sales are responsible for 40% of all gun sales in the US.
Of less certain legality was the purchase that the New York investigators went on to make of a SIG-Sauer SIG Pro 9mm pistol for $500, and a Smith & Wesson for $450. In both cases, the undercover agent admitted to the seller that they "probably couldn't pass a background check".
Under federal law even private sellers are not permitted to sell guns to any individual they "know", or have "reason to believe", is not eligible to own a gun.
The video footage of the sale of the SIG-Sauer gun shows the investigator saying they want to buy a weapon with "stopping power ... that's concealable. You know what I mean?"
The seller appears to be complicit in the idea of disguising the purchase when they reply: "The good thing is, if you don't like it, you can just sell it later and it's not in your name."
The seller demands only the production of an ID card to go ahead with the purchase, and the investigator then says: "So, no background check?"
The seller replies: "No."
Investigator: "That's good because I probably couldn't pass one, you know what I mean?"
The seller says nothing, and the sale goes ahead.
Bloomberg released the video on Monday, saying: "We have demonstrated how easy it is for anyone to buy a semi-automatic handgun and a high capacity magazine, no questions asked."
The undercover operation was a repeat of a sting that New York carried out on gun shows in Nevada, Tennessee and Ohio in 2009. That exercise found that 63% of the gun sellers approached were in breach of federal law by willingly selling guns to people who admitted they probably wouldn't pass a background check.
In the case of the Tucson shooting, Loughner did pass background check before they bought the Glock 19. However, they only managed to do so because the US army, which rejected them because of their history of drug abuse, failed to pass on that information to the FBI's national database.
